  all my post was trying to say , as opposed to what you 're trying to say it said , is that there 's little point in dragging each other down post independence when they can work together and achieve better results for both . 
  spite wo n't get anyone anywhere . 
  at their enemy ? 
  who 's that ? 
  specifically , who is it that would require scotland to be nuclear for safety ? 
  scotland could solely develop an armed forces that covers it 's own needs nuclear weapons is not he be all and end all of defence . 
  certainly it 's not for a small state . 
  and an iscotland allowing it to stay would be a pretty big favour . 
  i do n't even think there are viable alternatives in england due to the geography , let alone the political geography . 
  we cam both benefit defence-wise by cooperating but in terms of relative reduction in capacity , scotland being uncooperative has more implications for ruk than scotland . 
  as to who would win , business and also the british isles . 
  there 's more business to be competed for than that which is on either side of the anglo-scottish border . 
  i imagine it 's piss off most of europe though ... 
  all things being equal post independence , scotland has a lower deficit and so could more easily afford the cut . 
  also , i do n't necessarily see why westminster would decide to engage in a race to the bottom , considering they have n't done so with ireland . 
  if you imagine there would n't be a viable right wing party in scotland within a couple of years , after shaking of the london tory image , well , then , that 's a bit silly . 
  social attitude surveys show scotland and england mostly line up on the economy ; the viable parties are just different . 
  it 's less so here but i just came from a related r/uk thread which was far more ` offensive ' . 
  and ` objectively ' discussing pissing over another ( well we can ruin scotlands economy , we 'll reduce public spending , we 'll reclaim assets in scotland ) in spite is still discussing pissing over another country . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to discuss it or point out what you can do . 
  it 'll only sour relations , which is especially troublesome given were likely to be sharing the same country for the foreseeable future . 
  if i may draw an analogy , it 's like jumping to threatening a court case as soon as you have a dispute with someone . 
  it effectively bars rational debate . 
  you can bring in the lawyers but it 's likely to be expensive for both and only the lawyer will really ever win . 
  mineral rights are handled differently by convention . 
  gold reserves ( in banks not in the ground ) are hardly nailed down assets . 
  they can very easily be shifted to a new central bank of scotland . 
  whether scotland is entitled to the reserves is a far more clear cut question that the other two . 
  personally , i 'm not convinced on the argument about the boe being an asset to be divided . 
  hmtreasury is a different matter and is far more to do with the function of a separate country . 
  assets it holds should be divided depending on which category they fall in to ( are they nailed down assets in scotland ? 
  they 're scottish . 
  are they easily divideable and moveable , they should be split fairly ) or depending on the outcomes of the negotiation . 
  i believe we 're pretty much in agreement on the first part , i think . 
  scotland will have an opt-out , whether that is de jure or de facto will depend on negotiations . 
  but i 'm sorry but you 're wrong with regards to things stopping scotlamd . 
  scotland , or rather the scottish government , does not have the legal right to engage in foreign relations and no country would engage with the scottish government so as not to piss westminster off . 
  it 's a power reserved to westminster and there 's very little that scotland can do about it . 
  if they could ask they would have . 
  they ca n't ask the eu for legal opinions , they ca n't ask eu member states for their positions ( and they 'll all be steering well clear given it 's currently an internal matter ) , and westminster wo n't ask under cover of not prenegotiating . 
  i think the argument is that it 's osborne whose deciding to burn the bridge there . 
  besides there are many aspects in which scotland can make life uncomfortable back such as , well , reneging on the debt , kicking the nuclear deterrent out immediately so not allowing time for a replacement base to be built , having no compunction about under-cutting the ruk on taxes * . 
  that 's before you consider the possibility of hundreds of thousands of economically maligned , highly educated scots leaving behind the economy that westminster trashed out of spite and moving in to england . 
  remember that , in all likelihood , they 'll continue to be british citizens and so have the vote and every right in the world to move south so there 'll be not a thing they could do to prevent it . 
  not sure how that would go down with the electorate given the high levels of unemployment at the moment . 
  there 's no argument that ruk would come out the other side better after an acrimonious divorce but , major political and economic difficulties would exist for ruk . 
  * this one would be particularly keenly felt in the north of england . 
  an example might be scrapping air passenger duty in scotland . 
  northern airports would be at a major disadvantage and therefore lose out on passengers and routes to scotland . 
  lower corporation tax would attract companies over the border ps can we all have a sane discussion about this rather than one side saying ` well i can beat you up ' to a much smaller person ? 
  i do n't mean george osbourne , i mean redditors who think it 's just awesome to talk shit about a country ten times the size of the other and how they will piss all over them and get away with it . 
  thats true , but you 'll end up living next door to a toilet , which is n't very pleasant . 
  the other member states would need to agree but there would still need to be a transition time , with scotland moving through a free floating currency first . 
  that process would be so drawn out , or made to be so drawn out , that i do n't see how the eu could force any current to adopt the euro . 
  it 's more of a ` promise ' than a promise . 
  that said , am independent currency is probably the best bet ( which i 've been saying for months now ) with a possible look to joining the ez two decades out . 
  ps you 're saying the snp has said these things and not asked the eu . 
  while that 's true , they 're literally not allowed to ask . 
  westminster reserves that right and is not seeking clarification on the grounds that they wo n't pre-negotiate . 
  fair enough but it is actually a fairly transparent cover for them to maintain uncertainty . 
  they 'll happily pre-negotiate when it suits them ( see this malarkey about the sterling-zone ) . 
  assets within the different areas are handled slightly differently than assets that are shared . 
  otherwise , scotland would be entitled to a share of all the hospitals , infrastructure , government buildings and so on in ruk . 
  what 's being discussed is embassies , military assets , and so on . 
  basically , it 's a different category . 
  there 's certainly a degree to which the upper half of the uk 's market is inflated by international investors but the population trajectory and such do tend to imply we 're running short of houses in the south east . 
  as far as i 'm aware , what constitutes valid identification within the cta is entirely up to the company that you 're travelling with . 
  if they want to accept an expired passport , that is up to them . 
  if they want to accept a driving licence , up to them . 
  if they 'll only accept a valid passport with 6 months left till it expires , again , up to them . 
  the wikipedia page lists various requirements , by carrier . 
  bus passes , student cards , firearms licences , utility bills , and ` photographic id ' are all listed as being acceptable by at least one company . 
  moral of the story is , read the t&c s and check the date on your passport well before travel . 
  yes , for immigration purposes , a eu id card is sufficient for entry , though an airline may specify a passport as being required in their terms and conditions . 
  ps this does mean that a uk citizen can not travel back to the uk on anything other than a passport , as the uk does not issue id cards . 
  to be fair , lilac does sound like a particularly bad colour for a passport . 
  that said , a unique colour might have been quite cool . 
  every other passport i 've seen has very strong colours ; a pastel-shade of lilac would have been ... different . 
  from the page you linked :  any eu citizen in a non-eu country ** where his/her own national state has no representation ** the right seems to only exist if your own state does not have representation within the extra-eu state you are currently in . 
  if your state has no representation , and you attend another eu member 's embassy , you must be treated no different than the embassy would treat a national of their own state . 
  i think they 'll need to walk a fine line between institutionalising bribes and effective policy . 
  perhaps implementing some form of co-pay ? 
  it 's a very messy issue and will probably need some form of dis-incentive to bribery . 
  fines if caught accepting bribes ? 
  disqualified from bonuses if caught accepting bribes , and a copay system to build up a bonus fund . 
  patient reviews and outcome stats to asses the share of the bonus fund ? 
  i guess all that could be quite controversial though , and perhaps ineffective . 
  who would want that pressure when the pay and conditions are less stressful in the uk / west ? 
  i 'm personally in favour of a new currency but the sterling zone is a viable alternative , in my opinion . 
  polls tend to show that 71 % of the english ( not sure if wales or ni were polled ) are in favour of the sterling zone and it does make sense . 
  in terms of leaving one union to join another , one relies on the ceding of massively more sovereignty than the other . 
  in the current union , all sovereignty is ceded . 
  the scottish government can only legislate on those matters westminster allows it to , almost all tax is paid to westminster and then redistributed , ( pocket money ) and there 're major policy zones which are reserved : military matters , welfare , foreign policy , etc. 
  ( the list is enumerated on wikipedia if you want to look in to this further . ), 
  a sterling zone would probably involve a few financial constraints , maastricht criteria-esque in nature , and a few other regulations , such as on financial services . 
  it 's more like belgium and luxembourg in their previous currency union ( successful for over 60 years ) than , say , a state of the usa . 
  what i do n't understand is why the press is trying to paint the two unions as equivalent ; they 're manifestly different . 
  well , actually , i do understand . 
  they want to be able to say ` what 's the point ? ', 
  that argument only makes sense if you can convince people the unions are equivalent .
