  and justifiably i think . 
  the infrastructure in the south east of the country is creaking under the current population and as a result of poor investment over the years . 
  that may be being rectified but , as it stands , the schools , hospitals , roads , airports , railways , prisons , water , etc. 
  are not in place for the population explosion we 've been experiencing . 
  and an explosion seems to be the direction we 're heading in . 
  there were reports circulated that the uk would go from a population of 63 to 75 million over the next three decades , leap frogging france and passing germany as it drops down the table . 
  i hope that clarifies my point , even if it ran on a bit more than i wanted it to . 
  which it is n't ( worse in the lowlands that is ) . 
  immigration to the uk tends to be specifically towards england . 
  the population of scotland was declining until very recently . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what the situation in wales and northern ireland is like , but they 're probably more like scotland than england . 
  and so , considering that , let 's look at the population densities of the lowlands and england . 
  england-population 53.01m-area 130395km ^ 2 - density = 406.5 inhab/km ^ 3 belgium-population 11.14m-area 30528 km ^ 2 - density = 364.9 inhab/km ^ 2 netherlands - 16.77 m - area 41526 km ^ 2 - density = 403.8 inhab/km ^ 2 you 're comment was flippant but unhelpful and inaccurate . 
  the article plays it up a bit . 
  why does nigeria have 4g ? 
  they would n't have had to deal with legacy systems in the same way the europe has to . 
  why is japan rolling out 5g ? 
  it 's not , a single carrier is laying the groundwork for a 2020 launch as far as i can gather . 
  i 'm not even sure that the specs have been defined , to compare the physical lay out of infrastructure in europe to the preparatory paperwork in japan is a bit disingenous . 
  yes , europe 's behind . 
  yes there 's a lot we can do to improve the situation . 
  unrealistic protrayals and establishing the wrong ideas in people 's minds is not helpful . 
  in other words , we need a realistic appraisal of where we are so we can chart the best course out of the situation we find ourselves in . 
  i know that 3 is not going to charge any extra but ee charges a premium for ee ( they only provide 4g , have to use tmobile or orange for their 3g offerings ) and vodafone also charges a premium for 4g . 
  additionally , it 's quite difficult to find new plans with unlimated internet based on my , admitedly narrow , searches for the past 2minutes . 
  ee has the most expansive network - they were lucky with their frequencies from the 3g era so they got an early start - but all networks will be rapidly rolling out coverage . 
  all networks are saying they 'll provide wider 4g coverage than they did 3g as the licencing costs for the frequencies were much lower this time around . 
  the international clout and influence of a country can only be measured by considering a whole range of factors . 
  aircraft carriers significantly enhance a nations ability to engage in distant warfare , that enhances their global influence . 
  the carrier is not outdated and it definitely gives countries a shake when they 're parked off the cost ( see north korea and us carriers being deployed to the area ) . 
  so , to answer your question , those countries do have international political influence - maybe brazil much less than the others except in the context of regional powers - but they 'd be more influential/powerful with a carrier . 
  i would n't have thought that 'd be possible , except perhaps in holding back exceptionally high tides . 
  the inside of the lagoon is supposed to equalise with the outside , cyclically . 
  the water moving back and forth is where the energy is extracted from . 
  if the outside level routinely moves above what would cause coastal flooding in the absence of these lagoons , then they 'd be glorified flood defences as the water would only flow one way . 
  if that level is only reach once in a blue moon , so to speak , then closing the gates at the appropriate time could keep the lagoon at a safe level while the outside rose above that . 
  you could probably compensate for this by building flood defences inland , and sacrificing some of the coast , but such a move could be a stand-alone solution to the flooding too . 
  tl ; dr if the average low-tide level were to rise significantly as a result of global warming the ` usable ' tidal range would decrease , along with the period generation could take place in . 
  the idea of them doubling as flood defences would only make sense for the extreme high tides . 
  yes , he does . 
  he very clearly does , given he 's explained the map to you multiple times . 
  he just does n't think this is fudging the numbers . 
  the real issue here is , you 're upset the map is n't showing the set of statistics you think it should be . 
  well tough , overweight is ` fat ' , and that 's what the title says . 
  and if you want to talk about fudging the statistics , in other words talking about real deniable statistics , most countries in europe are not beween 10 to 15 % obese . 
  in fact , the vast majority lie above 20 % and about 4 , of the 50-ish examined in the who report , lie at about 15 % or below . 
  [ from the report , with a line indicating the uk 's obesity rate , and a line at 15 % added to indicate the upper bound you suggested . 
  quite . 
  they 've compared heavy industry in percentage terms then given tourism revenue in vague absolute terms . 
  turns out , if you look up tourism as a percentage of icelandic gdp , you find it 's about 5.9 % vis-\u00e0-vis the apparently irrelevant 5 % that the government is ( apparently and apparently corruptly ) focussing on growing at the moment . 
  it 's hard to fact check everything in the article , but being so disingenuous with the statistics really does make you view the whole thing with a sceptical eye . 
  i think you misunderstand the premise of the show . 
  it 's not supposed to be a cozy chat . 
  the guest is expected to defend their position , whilst being thoroughly grilled . 
  that 's what the show 's always been like , as far as i recall . 
  the clue 's in the name . 
  the show 's supposed to be a thorough cross examination of the guest and their position . 
  i guess people will see what they want to see though , in this case institutional bias against their anti-immigration position . 
  you mean after ireland negotiated an additional protocol to the treaty where the majority of the people 's concerns were dealt with ? 
  yeah , i remember that . 
  i was under the impression that it was a significantly less voluntary arrangements than scotland 's passage of the bill through parliament but i 'm happy to be corrected . 
  anglo-irish relations are n't a part of our history that i 've read a lot about . 
  you 'd hope brussels would see sense on the matter but , that was one of the defining problems of the yes campaign . 
  a lot of their plan did depend on other entities either seeing their point of view or bending to their will . 
  with the eu , it was a case of opt-outs on schengen and the euro that bothered the electorate . 
  with the uk , it was whether they would or would n't let us have a currency union . 
  ultimately , just because you think it 's in everyone 's best interest , you ca n't guarantee the other party will see it that way and agree to your terms so , ... you get uncertainty . 
  if solid answers could have been given to those things , mostly the currency one to be fair , yes would probably have won . 
   they have no drive to make anything better except an electorate holding them to account . 
  an electorate who , on the whole , are quite content with their performance . 
  there 's also the fact that it 's one of the main planks of the gradualist independence movement 's strategy . 
  competent governance - demonstrating that the scottish government can make a good fist of the powers it does have - with a view to convincing people that they should be trusted with more powers . 
  they 've pretty much done that , ` devomax ' would win by a landslide in a referendum . 
  now they have the incentive to keep that up . 
   the snp does nothing but want independence . 
  constitutionally , yes . 
  but anyone who is actually paying attention though will see that they 're trying to hold off a bit on the second referendum . 
  one , they want to be sure they 'll win it as the quebec precedent seems to be that a second defeat will kill the movement altogether . 
  two , about ~ 34 % of the scottish population would be less likely to vote for them if they promised another referendum in the next session of the scottish parliament ( an equal proportion would be more likely to vote for them but they probably will be voting for them anyway ) . 
  three , ` significant constitutional change ' or ` failure to implement the vow ' have been the conditions put up since just after the referendum . 
  they 're likely to see a conditional mandate for a referendum in the next election . 
  they categorically are n't moving to have one now , regardless of the consequences ( and it 's actually lead to a small splinter group forming , who are n't happy with the way their gradualist approach to winning independence ) . 
  possibly . 
  i 'd contend one of the defining parts of a federation is that they are the coming together of multiple sovereign entities , each collectively pooling certain powers together , with the central entity constrained to work only within the powers bestowed on it . 
  that 's the opposite of what we have in the uk . 
  scotland and england joined , abolished their own parliaments , and pooled all sovereignty in an entity called the kingdom of great britain . 
  ireland ` joined ' and you got the ` uk of gb and i ' . 
  part of ireland left , leading to the uk of gb and ni ' . 
  any powers that the devolved administrations ( scotland , wales , ni , london ) have have been bestowed upon them solely at the discretion of central government , and they can all be over ridden , or even abolished , without the consent of the devolved administrations . 
  scotland does n't even have the authority to call a referendum on the matter of secession , without consent first being issued , on an * ad hoc * basis , from central government ( that does n't necessarily mean we do n't have a right to self-determination in international law , just that we are n't really federal in any meaningful way ) . 
  whilst increasing their vote share at each turn , mind . 
  there 's not but the common view is that a scotland leaving the eu and joining as a new member would have to renegotiate their accession terms , and would be unlikely to secure an opt-out on schengen . 
  in other words , they likely would have an obligation to join schengen . 
  on the other hand , both ireland and the uk , should it still be a member , would have a large vested interest in helping to negotiate the opt-out for schengen on scotland 's behalf so it 's probably more likely than most people present . 
  well , it 's hard to come by data on lower - or middle-income countries but the studies that discuss the effects in high-income countries typically point out that the rate of smoking cessation is higher amongst those of low socioeconomic status than higher ones , for equal increases in the tax rate . 
  to me , that 's far more compelling evidence on its own than your totally unsourced gut feeling . 
  based on what evidence ? 
  even a cursory google search will furnish you with more citations than you could possibly need , all indicating that increased cigarette prices have a big impact on reducing smoking rates and adverse health effects . 
  doing it via taxation also helps raise revenue to deal with the health effects of smoking . 
  a 10 % price hike has been linked to a 4 % decline in smoking rates in the general adult population of high-income countries .
