   i think you 'll find you 're the nonplussed one here , try looking up those big words before using them , you might be talking to someone that actually passed english at gcse . 
  i know you are but what am i ? 
  really , is that where you 're going ? 
  and you think i 'm the one still kicking around in the playground . 
  comical stuff here . 
   why the hell are you still arguing that meat is a vegetable ? 
  jesus , you think * that 's * the argument i 'm making . 
  no wonder you 've been non-plussed this entire thread . 
   in my school , you could potentially have had if you read it again , you 'll see that the next clause is in the past tense . 
  tell me , do you know what that implies ? 
  i 'll give you a hint , it implies that i no longer go there . 
   does n't mean that they are made out of sunlight . 
  no , that 'd be like saying a pie is made out of heat because that 's a prerequisite part in the cooking process , so that the chemical reactions can take place . 
  i would argue however that it was made from carbon and a variety of other nutrients abstracted from the surroundings . 
  it 's no less ludicrous an assertion than bread is literally a vegetable ( an argument befitting the us congress if ever i saw one ) . 
  on second thought , it * is * less ludicrous an assertion . 
  i am not still in school and nothing i said implies that i am . 
  what do animals eat again ? 
  are you not what you eat ? 
  but meat is also made from plants , in a not especially round about way , so you 're the one with the suicidal dietary restriction . 
  ca n't fix stupid . 
  ( also , there are tonnes of soups that would be vegetable free : cream of mushroom , chicken noodle , and so on . 
  not to mention vegetable = / = plant ) . 
  in my school , you could potentially have had the soup and sandwich option , or a panini , or gone to the ` build your own pasta ' bar . 
  you could also have shopped around for a supplier by going across the road to the local store , or walked to the town centre for an even wider choice . 
  sometimes the vegetarian option will be vegetable free too , such as macaroni cheese . 
  there it is . 
  well , that 's a bizarre reading of my comment . 
  to take it back to a serious footing instead of just name calling , here 's the thing . 
  you 're proposing a solution for an entire country that might not work because it 's solely based on your experience of school meals ( and let 's be honest , it 's only a partial solution because it involves some kids eating substantially smaller meals ) . 
  i gave you a specific example of where it would n't work and your response was , ` well it 'd still solve the problem as i 'm envisioning it ' . 
  well france has been trying your solution for a while , it seems , and it clearly has n't worked . 
  clearly there is a need for a new approach . 
  the pro-choice approach , if you will ... 
  what point is that exactly ? 
  from the above comment the only point i see is a rhetorial question about how it 's not racist to tell people not to eat parts of meals they 're not allowed to . 
  i 'll happily concede that point given i never held it and explicitly stated i did n't in the comment above . 
  but hey ho , i 'll let you believe whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  i 'm a nice guy like that . . 
   sorry but what schools have pork stroganoff as a school meal ? 
  mine did . 
  and those were just bog standard state schools . 
   when i was at school it was meat , 2 vegetables and a small dessert ? 
  here 's the problem . 
  you 're incapable of separating your narrow experiences and looking at the experiences that will be playing out a huge country/continent . 
  i 'm so surprised that is the issue we 're seeing here ... 
  so what do you propose they eat when literally the whole meal would be against their religious beliefs ? 
  have you heard of stews , or pies , or a whole host of dishes that are going to be inappropriate , and not easily separable ? 
   gee i sure am a horrible dirty racist for telling all religious people to starve back there ... 
  i did n't call you a racist . 
  stop playing the ` oh i 'm such a victim card ' . 
  it 's unseemly . 
  and in any case , i notice you skipped all of what i 'd consider to be the actually important parts of the comment . 
  i 'll just take that as you conceding those points then and deciding to go off on a tangent because you had nothing else of note to contribute . 
   why make twice the meals when one meal could just be modified you only need to make the same amount of meals , perhaps marginally more . 
  not twice as many . 
  and it 's common practice in a lot of countries to have a little choice . 
  i know they 're children , but must they all be so infantilised as to have all choice taken away from them ? 
   why make twice the meals when one meal could just be modified it 's kind of hard to pick pork out of a pork stroganoff , or pie , or anything where it 's not literally a piece of meat with sides . 
  so what do they get in those circumstances ? 
   if i got this wrong my bad . 
  you got it wrong . 
  they want to offer the choice of vegetarian meals alongside the meat-based meals . 
  what 's wrong with a little choice ? 
  the article is n't exactly clear but my reading of it is , he wants the schools to provide vegetarian options . 
  that 's not calling for anyone to be ` nutritionally deprived ' - and let 's be honest , you 're not going to be nutritionally deprived because one of your meals a day is vegetarian because it 's perfectly easy to be well nourished on a completely vegetarian diet - but just to offer choice . 
  how hard is it exactly ? 
  my schools always had a variety of options on offer ( pasta bars , meat/fish main , vegetarian main , soup/sandwich combos , paninis , plus the option to leave the school to buy something else if you wanted ) so it 's hardly beyond the wit of man/school systems to do so . 
  what is unreasonable is telling people to starve ( by the way , not eating properly has a really bad impact on how well you focus and behave in school ) or break their religious rules . 
  bizarrely , being so resolutely secular seems to be allowing religion to have a greater impact on french schools than in the more laissez-faire scottish/british school systems . 
  then again , i guess it makes a nice convenient political wedge issue for some people . 
  the same nonsense as was raised during scotland 's referendum . 
  there is no queue for eu accession ; that is n't how it works . 
  the accession procedures for countries progress on a parallel basis , and at their own rate . 
  the a10 countries began their accession negotiations/processes decades after turkey did , yet they 're now in the eu and turkey is not.when iceland was looking to join the eu , there were talks at the time that i could accede in ` record time ' , even though there were other countries ` in the queue ' . 
  then again , i guess it is now cameron 's turn to scratch spain 's back , in return for their behaviour during the scottish independence campaign ( and also as he looks for political support for eu reforms ) . 
  in scotland , [ labradors ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-magazine-monitor-28462863 ) are the most popular dogs . 
  the most iconically scottish dogs are scottish terriers , ( look up how we involved them at the commonwealth games in glasgow for heart meltingly sweet pictures ) but golden retrievers apparently also originate from scotland and i 'd guess they 're more famous in general . 
  personally , i have a soft spot for west highland terriers , though my family has a lhasa ahpso . 
  in general , we love dogs more than people . 
  if you really want to be vilified in the press , kill or abuse a dog . 
  we greet dogs significantly more warmly than we 'll greet another person . 
  ( though i do n't imagine that makes us much unique in western europe/the west in general ) . 
  yes , i know . 
   buy a cat i hope you 're exaggerating for effect because that is n't how article 8 works . 
  the scottish government does not have the ability to set alcohol duty ; it is a matter reserved to westminster . 
  the minimum alcohol pricing was something of a work around but a ) it was also designed to force strong but ultra cheap ciders and the like of the market and b ) a policy that had academic backing as being effective at saving lives ( sheffield alcohol policy model ) . 
  i ca n't tell whether you lot are just running with the satire or you are n't aware that thedailymash is a satirical news website . 
  martin bishop is n't real . 
  not if it 's about stopping further children from dying . 
  while what you 're saying about pull factors is all true , the fact that they 're in calais and not in the uk would indicate to me that they ca n't just move anywhere in the eu once they 're in . 
  there are restrictions on the movement , by virtue of the uk being outwith the schengen area . 
  one could even argue that our withdrawal from the eu might sour relations with france , leading to them being less willing to accommodate our forward border checks . 
  without those , those people could more easily make it to the uk and claim asylum than they can now . 
  i did n't think you were in favour of schengen ; you 've made your biases and prejudices quite clear in this thread . 
   once you are in the eu , you can go anywhere . 
  clearly you ca n't . 
  why else would there be massive camps in calais , if they could just go wherever they wanted ? 
  once they 're in the schengen area , they can go wherever they want , within the schengen zone . 
  additionally , asylum seekers and non-eu/eea citizens do not have the right to freedom of movement so they can not just up sticks and move throughout the eu ( certainly not to the uk or the roi where they will be caught if they attempt to use normal entry routes ) .
