  and i then say that it does n't particularly matter . 
  the culture is n't the driving force behind the need to cooperate , it 's our common interets i.e. 
  x , y , and z. 
  you say ` but the culture ... we 're much more like dem dar germans . ', 
  and i say , the cultural aspects of it are only one part . 
  there are other , more important ones . 
  those interests are largely shared with the icelandics , norwegians and danes but the finns , and swedes also share common interests with us . 
  unless we want to accept sub-optimal outcomes in those areas of common itnerets , we should cooperate . 
  that you all cooperate with scotland , which is as much in your interests as it is in ours , does not preclude you cooperating with germany , or the netherlands . 
  in fact , i actively encourage you to cooperate with them in whatever the most appropriate forum is . 
  i imagine you 're close to that already , given the length of time you 've existed together as indepdendent countries . 
  i do n't know what those arrangments are , and do n't care to look them up as it 's a bit of a red herring in this case , but there are fairly good reasons , beyond culture which you seem to be entirely focusses on for some bizarre reason , for them not to be involved in the nordic union . 
  size , alternative cooperative aggrements like benelux , and so on make it not the best forum for your multilateral interactions . 
  in scotland 's case , its circumstances would be dramatically altered by independence . 
  it will need to join and create new institutions to cooperate with othercountries . 
  due to the nature of scotland 's geography and assets , it particularly needs to cooperate with the nordic countries and , hell , they need to cooperate with scotland too . 
  scotland is a natural ally and friend of those countries . 
  given that we should be cooperating , it should be institutionalised in someway , rather than on a sub-optimal ad hoc basis . 
  whether that be by the creation of a separate council , with a tonne of duplication , and some boring name like north sea natural resources council for cooperation , or in an already established venue is what we 're discussing . 
  i would very much hope that we 're not discussing even the need to cooperate . 
  i , personally , think that the nordic council is the best venue . 
  you 're , of course , free to disagree . 
  the idea that it sets a bad precedent for other relations , or that the cultural aspect of the council is so great , that it can not be made to work well is , in my mind , a bit myopic . 
  i 'm not asking for your acceptance as being nordic . 
  i ( thought i ) was pretty clear on that . 
  we are n't , but we do have , institutionally , historically , and , to a degree , more in common with you guys than england has in common with you . 
  not that it matters . 
  who you are culturally more similar with does n't really matter . 
  as an example where nordic countries have intersests in common with us that they do n't share with england , the north sea fish stocks . 
  now , that 's an eu competence but they 've kind of made a hash of it . 
  with norway , iceland , the faroes and such sharing the north sea with us , we need to cooperate together so that we do n't inadvertantly destroy the fish stocks . 
  in terms of oil , norway and scotland have things to cooperate on that are absolutely no business of the eu . 
  in terms of being small countries trying to make their interests heard within the eu , we all have , or would have , something in common . 
  now , we could muddle through with ad hoc negotiations . 
  try and discuss things within the eu , but be over ruled by larger nations . 
  or , we could institutionalise it somehow on our own terms . 
  that might involve the creation of a second institution or the minor repurposing of a standing one . 
  the later , i think , probably makes more sense . 
  it 's not asking to be rebranded nordic or scandinavian , it 's just the most practical adaption to a changing world . 
  and no one is saying only work with scotland , merely presenting a practical way to do so . 
  if you think that it is a widely inappropriate venue , then that 's fine . 
  we need to come up with a separate one . 
  to not do so would be too detrimental . 
  in any case , we 're going round in circles . 
  you say ` you 're not ' , i present counterexamples . 
  you say ignore those and say ` you 're not ' and i present other counter examples and elucidate earlier ones . 
  you say ` you 're not ' . 
  i say we need to cooperate , you say ` we have nothing in particularly to cooperate on ' . 
  i give an example . 
  you ignore it . 
  well , i 'm getting off this merry go round . 
  you think the cultural aspects are too big to get over . 
  i 'm a bit more optimistic than that . 
  i 'm not going to convince you otherwise so it has no become a bit pointless . 
  ( we are more like england than we are like sweden , but we are more like sweden than england is ) . 
  westminster har ett ` first past the post ' system . 
  ( i 'm going to switch to english because i do n't have the language to compare legal systems properly ) if you compare our laws , scots law is a hybrid system that is part civil and part common law . 
  english law is common law . 
  tl ; dr scotland is not nordic . 
  it is , however , like them in many regards , even though it is very much more like england . 
  those differences do n't necessarily matter if you have common interests and goals . 
  scotland and nordic countries have those and so must , in some areas at least , cooperate . 
  to do so , some institutional setting is required . 
  the nordic union would be good enough , even if it would risk the name being slightly inaccurate on a cultural basis . 
  n\u00e4r du s\u00e4ga ` or are you saying genetics is the reasons why the japanese are educated and the romas are poor ? 
  it is culture ! ', 
  ' ( to roughly translate it ) . 
  now , after tha appalling rendition of swedish , ( this being the first time i 've used it in written form outside facebook , i 'll give an english tl ; dr. tl ( or foreign ) ; dr - culture is n't important here , and can not be allowed to be important , because we have common interests . 
  we should work together on those common interests . 
  the nordic union is a ready-made intsitution which , conveninently , happens to cover those common itnerests . 
  why not ? 
  if , through the eu we can cooperate with the romanians , greeks , spanish , and 24 other countries , then we can sure as hell cooperate with the scandinavians , whom we think have a lot of good ideas on how to run their countries . 
  have you been to glasgow ? 
  i was there on wednesday , with my swedish boyfriend and one of his friends from sweden . 
  they really liked the place . 
  took a lot of pictures . 
  had fun in the nightclubs completely free from any bother . 
  made a lot of favourable comparisons to their home cities of bor\u00e5s and g\u00f6teborg . 
  the biggest difference between their cities and glasgow is glasgow is deeply scarred by industrial decline . 
  it is , however , improving massively and has been doing so for decades . 
  the crime rate , the economic status , the infrastructure and the built environment are worlds away from those of the ` no mean city ' days that glasgow got its current reputation from . 
  one of the biggest secrets in glasgow is that , actually , the city is pretty nice . 
  much of the city was built in the 19th century , by the tobacco and sugar barons , and was , then , described as the beautifullest in the empire , behind only london . 
  glasgow has great bones , they 're being very successfully fleshed out . 
  in other words , nothing screams ignorance like repeating half a century old stereotypes that are no longer particularly accurate . 
  is it ` nordic ' ? 
  but nordics seem to like it well enough and think it quite pretty . 
  at least my swedish boyfriend , his swedish friend , and my norwegian flatmate , and my danish friend seem to think so anyway . 
  naturally , but it 's not culture that 's important . 
  the nordic countries and scotland have very similar interests which arise even just from geography . 
  they are all responsible for stewarding the north sea , for example . 
  beyond that , they can probably also benefit from cooperating together , as small northern european nations . 
  culturally it does n't really matter . 
  it 's about cooperation , not laying down the foundations of a new nation or anything like that . 
  as to our voting system and legal traditions , you 'd be surprised . 
  the scottish legal system is quite distinct from that in england and the voting in the scottish parliament , and proposed structures , is much closer to those in scandinavia than in england . 
  yes , of course that trend exists in the us . 
  i was talking about a more general trend extending back significantly before the crisis to the 90 's , or even earlier . 
  labour force participation rates in the eu have been higher than the us 's since the mid noughties and the gap has only been increasing , with increases in the eu and decreases in the us . 
  the biggest driver of this has been women entering the workforce , and this is largely being driven by southern european countries , even now .
