  for example , the military actions in iraq bill was vetoed not because it gave power to parliament from the queen but because it , in effect , transferred the power from the government to the parliament . 
  the consent was withheld on the advice of the government since they did not wish to relinquish that power . 
  it 's a bit worrying that what is in effect the prime minister vetoing the bills is being presented as the queen/prince of wales doing so as its deeply disingenuous . 
  this is merely a constitution lever which has the same type of effect as , say , the presidential veto in the us . 
  the problem would be that the insurance companies are not going to cover any incident which takes place while conducting s commercial operation . 
  you have n't paid for that level of service . 
  in essence , your personal automobile insurance is not valid and you 're driving a vehicle without insurance . 
  there are very good reasons for mandating vehicles and businesses be insured . 
  if we wanted to make it such that taxi drivers and such like could conduct their businesses with only the same level of insurance as you or i would have on a car for nipping to the shops or commuting to work , then we would all have to pay higher premiums to cover that . 
  that 's the way insurance works . 
  why should their cost if doing business be externalised on to the rest of us ? 
  ok , so we 've gone from being ` obviously wrong ' to ` technically correct ' , that 's some awe-inspiring progress weltburger !, 
  i do n't agree that saying ` european countries ' is wrong in this case because it is still a good selection . 
  ( it would also be acceptable to use if this exact same number of countries were being used but they were n't all eu members ) . 
  there are 59 countries listed as being european on wikipedia . 
  if we discount the overseas territories , crown dependencies , autonomous regions , microstates , and such like entities , it 's closer to 47 . 
  if you count all of them , you 're giving data on 46 % of the countries in eurpe . 
  if you only count the large and/or sovereign ones , you 're looking at closer to 57 % ; that 's a good selection by my reckoning . 
  the analogous situation you 're drawing with the world is not a very good one . 
  all countries that are currently known to us are on the world . 
  saying ` world ' countries does n't actually add any extra information so it 's a waste of a word . 
  in any case , if you 're going to try and correct someone or call them out , you better make damn sure that they are wrong . 
  that goes for both you and the op . 
  i would have been perfectly happy to leave it at ` actually , the headline is ok ' . 
  while it might be true that i was the first one to bring logic into the discussion , you instigated the discussion by stating that i was ` obviously wrong ' . 
  [ from eurostat , the source [ pdf ] in the above link ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-12072013-bp/en/3-12072013-bp-en.pdf )  youth unemployment rate is the ratio between unemployed 15-24 year olds to the labour force of 15-24 year olds . 
   youth unemployment ratio is the ratio between unemployment 15-24 year olds and the population of 15-24 year olds . 
  we 're looking at the former . 
  the difference between the labour force and the population are those who are economically inactive i.e. 
  those youths who are not employed but also not looking to take up a job . 
  largely this comes from the large number who are in education , though not all who are in education are economically inactive . 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
  they state the three most common cases for overlap between the categories , in their methodology , for this age range are :  1 ) being an apprentice or a student with a part time job . 
   2 ) a student who is looking for a job but does not have one  3 ) a student who is not looking for a job . 
  case one counts as being employed , two as unemployed , and three as economically inactive . 
  those who fall in to the third category are the ones responsible for the difference between the unemployment rate and the unemployment ratio ( though of course others contribute too , such as those outside education and are without a job and not looking for one ( economically discouraged ) ) . 
  tl ; dr if you are between 15-24 , and are without a job but looking for one , then you are counted as being unemployed . 
  i looked up the ` nationalisation ' of retirement funds because it seemed a little odd that the government would do such a thing and have a positive cash flow as a result ( nationalisation implies buying the government buying an asset ) . 
  i found [ this article ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2014/05/27/polands-deficit-to-fall-in-2014-as-economy-accelerates-says-finance-minister/ ) in the wsj . 
  the relevent section is this :  the finance ministry estimates the annual public finance gap could be 0.2-0 .3 percentage point lower should more poles than expected choose to move to the state pension vehicle rather than to keep their assets at private companies . 
  the government this year redeemed its bonds managed by the private companies in an effort to cut debt , and gave pensioners the right to abandon the mandatory private pension scheme altogether . 
   the government originally expected a half of about 16.7 million poles saving on privately managed pension accounts to keep them rather than move to the state vehicle . 
  as of mid-may , only about 100,000 have chosen to keep the private element of their pension schemes . 
  they have until the end of july to make decisions . 
  what is the rationale behind this ? 
  i can somewhat understand why the people would want their pension to be backed by the state rather than private companies which can go bust but why would the polish government take on those liabilities ? 
  it seems like the opposite of what most governments are doing . 
  the uk , for example , is gradually forcing people to take up a private pension which will supplement their state pension . 
  this is on long-term grounds of affordability and to increase the savings ratio as well as a whole host of other reason . 
  my initial thought was that it could be a state-owned , but independently operated , pension provider , but that would n't explain why the deficit had gone down . 
  if the deficit is going down , does that not imply that the government is spending the pension funds rather than keeping them aside to fund the future liabilities ? 
  in which case , that seems like an incredibly fiscally irresponsibly thing for the polish government to be doing , considering the demographic problems poland will be experiencing in the near future . 
  perhaps i 've totally got the wrong end of the stick here , do you mind explaining ? 
  it does , in fact , make sense in english . 
  there are two problems i have with this most-recent post of yours : the first is that it presents a strawman fallacy ; and the second is that it uses that strawman fallacy to then dismiss the rest of the post and ignore the burden of proof placed on you . 
  the strawman fallacy is that you 're subtly presenting my argument about accuracy and precision in a different light than it was meant . 
  you are asserting that accurate and precise are synonymous but that is only true about to a point , that point being that only some of the meanings of accurate are synonymous with precise . 
  by stating ` if imprecise ' , those meanings were excluded . 
  therefore i was not stating ` precise and imprecise ' but , rather , ` correct but imprecise ' . 
  an analogous situation might be you asking me ` where are you from ? ', 
  only to receive the response ` earth ' . 
  that 's accurate , i am from earth , but it 's not precise . 
  moving on . 
  let us assume that you did n't just experience an esl problem and , in fact , were correct about accurate and imprecise being exactly synonymous , you still have n't shown why it is wrong to say ` european countries ' when referring to the eu as a group . 
  my summary of my justification might have been wrong but there was still a longer and correct justification above it . 
  if it 's so ` obvious ' that my reasoning is wrong then it should n't present a problem for you to show me how it is wrong . 
  if you can do that , i 'll let it lay . 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  that 's what i said . 
  normal only implies it is not the most common activity , the mode , a type of average . 
  when used in that sense , it is not a blue judgement though . 
  it 's an objective measurement . 
  whitr europeans are neither the modal race nor the modal ethnicity . 
  they are abnormal . 
  that is n't to imply they are inferior to other ethnicities , just that they are not the most common . 
  i would accept the use of the word abnormal , in that sense , being used to describe non-heterosexuality . 
  that said , people use abnormal as a value judgement of the activity . 
  merely being the least common thing does not make it inferior or unworthy or inappropriate but people use abnormal to mean that it does . 
  a less contentious example might be that i am abnormal , as a brit , in that i prefer coffee to tea . 
  i 'm not somehow less worthy because of that , i should n't switch merely to fit in , yet your sense of the word abnormal would imply that perhaps i should drink tea even though i prefer coffee . 
  another sense is that it is unnatural . 
  it is used to mean that it does not occur in nature and therefore we should n't do it . 
  the converse does not follow . 
  no one claims that ` it occurs in nature , therefore we should do it ' is logical . 
  it is not . 
  eating shit is natural yet bad for us , spreads disease , and will make you sick , unwell , and will make you sick . 
  it is on those grounds that i oppose eating shit . 
  im not defending homosexuality on the grounds that it is natural , or normal , or immoral . 
  i 'm defending it on the grounds that there 's no good reason ` why not ' . 
  in free societies you should be able to do whatever you want to yourself or others or other property unless a good reason can be presented as to ` why not ' . 
  there is no good reason why people should not engage in homosexuality activity . 
  there are plenty of good reason why they should engage in necrophilia , pedophilia , eating shit , vandalism , honocide and so on . 
  you seem to be arguing that i should have to justify ny activities before doing them . 
  they is false and contrary to the principles of civil liberties as we understsnd them . 
  when it is said homosexuality is not the most common activity , that 's not a good reason since lots of abnormal things are allowed . 
  when it is said it is unnatural , that 's not a good reason because homosexuality is natural . 
  even if it were unnatural , which it is n't and is to say is a product only of mankind not found elsewhere , it still would n't be a good since other unnatural things are allowed e.g. 
  the internet . 
  as i said , it depends how you define normal .
