  scotland also contains a lot of the eu 's natural resources , like 37 % of the most valuable fish stocks and 60 % of the oil resources . 
  the former is an interesting one , does spain ` set an example ' with a country that will inevitably become a member of the eu and thus gain voting rights which it might rely on to get what it wants , and also lose the access right their sizeable fishing industry has to some of the richest fishing grounds in europe , or do they do as they 've said they would . 
  make their decision based on the prevailing mood in westminster . 
  in terms of what is politically expedient , allowing the above proposed procedure to take place , bearing in mind the fact that it would n't prejudice future vetos ( e.g. 
  on catalonian accession ) , then it seems like the ` spanish threat ' is a little overblown . 
  it strikes me as unimaginable , diplomatically speaking , to , in effect , punish foreign citizens to fight a domestic battle . 
  legally possible but liable to stoke resentment that would come back to bite them in the ass for no real gain in legal rights . 
  probably nothing to do with ukip . 
  continual blunder on the part of better together , the ` ruling out of the currency union ' , ` border controls ' and , really their whole ( self-named ) project fear routine has very little traction with scots . 
  as opposed to halting the move from no to yes , it appeared to accelerate it . 
  there 's also the very large grass-roots movement working on behalf of the yes camp . 
  town hall meetings , street stall , knocking on door , the no camp just can not mobilise that kind of manpower . 
  they appear to be suffering from that . 
  playing up the ` london-only ' angle would be detrimental to their campaign . 
  the line at the moment is ` scotland 's economy is doing well , the unemployment is lower , the employment is higher , the poverty rate is lower , we 've been out of recession for longer , and that 's all by virtue of scotland following a different policy to the uk ' . 
  it then goes something like ` think what we could do with control of all the economic levers ' . 
  the reason they play that line is there are a lot of people who are still concerned that scotland can not ` afford ' independence . 
  as a question , that 's long since been known to rubbish . 
  the question is now , has been for a while , is it better value . 
  to say we 're being left behind by london would undermine all that , which they had to argue about for the best part of a year . 
  they are playing the ` london-elite ' card too , but in a different manner . 
  it 's more ` what could they know about scotland , unelected lords ' and so on . 
  he 's taking the london-centric angle while still trying to convince scots that the economy is doing well . 
  my thinking was this , and note the ` as well as is possible part ' : a free trade agreement is desirable . 
  it is desirable to function as well as is possible . 
  that comes in the guise of moving as close to a single market is possible i.e. 
  a company can compete in one country as though it was its home country . 
  for that to happen , institutions are required that can harmonise and arbitrate disputes . 
  on a multi-lateral basis , that is significantly easier with a law-making institution like the eu . 
  even without the move to a completed common market , you see the need for separate institutions , though not necessarily with the ability to create legislation in their own right . 
  in the eu-rok fta , there was the reliance on wto-esque situations , eu working groups to consider the effects , and so on . 
  with the eu-usa fta , separate institutions are also being set up like isds . 
  generally , the more close the union you seek , the more powerful the mediation mechanisms need to be . 
  the closeness of the eu free trade area to single-market status is unrivaled , excluding single sovereign countries from consideration of course , and that is what was desired . 
  naturally its institutions should be the most powerful for overseeing an fta/common market . 
  nissan set up shop prior to poland joining the eu . 
  relocation costs would be massive ; their supply lines , trained personnel , and all the other prerequisites are already established in the uk . 
  shifting all of that for low wages , wages which will eventually rise , probably does n't seem worth it to them . 
  besides , these plants are very very highly automated . 
  wage costs probably only constitute a fraction of the costs . 
  i think we can all , mostly , agree that free trade amongst the european nations is a desirable goal . 
  to that end , a free trade agreement is required . 
  in order for that to function as well as is possible , some institution that can harmonise rules , make trade offs between the interests of the separate nations , and act to integrate the economies is required . 
  that institution is the eu . 
  every country that is in the eu came to that conclusion , i.e. 
  that pooling some of their sovereignty with the others was a worthwhile trade off for the free trade and economic opportunities it would bring . 
  the requirement for the parliament comes from the desire , or rather necessity , to lend that institution democratic legitimacy . 
  any organisation that makes laws should be accountable to the people . 
  the eu makes laws , exercising the sovereignty that it was lent , and therefore it must be democratic . 
  that 's about as simple as it can be . 
  to move back through the reasoning from the otherwise , as it 's always interesting to look at it that way . 
  the parliament lends the institution democratic legitimacy . 
  that is necessary as the institution as a whole exercises powers lent to it by the national governments , and so requires the oversight of the people . 
  being beholden only to the national parliaments would be insufficient . 
  the national parliaments gave the ability to create laws in certain areas to the eu as they viewed it as the best course of action . 
  their goals may have differed but they included amongst them ensuring peace in europe , boosting the economies of their nation , and increasing the clout of europe by acting together . 
  whether it was successful in those goals is a question up to you to answer . 
  if the answer is yes , then the expense ( decreased sovereignty and money ) was worth it . 
  if it was n't , then the price was not worth paying and you should seek a refund . 
  personally i think we are richer , more peaceful , and more influential as a result of the eu . 
  the pros outweigh the cons and i do not believe , despite what some parties in the uk would have us believe , that we can keep most of the pros while dumping the biggest cons/costs i.e. 
  free movement , the monetary contribution , the bureaucrats and so on . 
  first of all , for the billionth time , i do not think we are massively like you . 
  i think we have similarities , those similarities outweigh our diferences . 
  those similarities are also more numberous between us and the nordics , than between england and the nordics . 
  the similarities , however , are more numerous between scotland and england . 
  i do not think that , however , is particularly relevent . 
  they 're close enough for the differences not to have a meaningful impact on our ability to cooperate with you and them . 
   we have opened the floodgates to ruin everything nordic . 
  you do n't necessarily have to open the ` floodgates ' . 
  germany wo n't be offended by you saying ` we are 24 +5 million people , and we 're working on some slightly different things , our current network of ties serves us well enough , there 's no need to change ' . 
  for that matter , neither will the netherlands be . 
  my answer to your question is , unless the nordic councils main purpose is to only ever work in the best interestes of the nordics , and not anyone else ever , absolutely , we can do nothing else cause culture must be pure , screw the negative effects on anything else , it wo n't be a problem becasue primarily , 1 ) you already have ties with those countries and 2 ) there are relatively good reasons that you can use to say no . 
  let me turn the question around on you now . 
  you cooperate with germany . 
  you cooperate with the netherlands . 
  you cooperate with estonia . 
  you cooperate with virutally every nation on earth . 
  how would you cooperate with an independent scotland . 
  not doing so is not an option . 
  mismangement of fisheries , mismanagement of shipping lanes , etc. 
  are not in the slightest desirable . 
  there are a number of options that could be pursued . 
  given i do not think your ` problem ' with the nordic union is really a problem , and duplication from setting up a stand alone institution like the scotto-nordic council would be undesirable , i believe that scotland joining the nordic council , is one of the better routes that could be pursued . 
   just because the scots want in no , just becasue it 's probably in your best interests . 
  it 's not without its cons , but then nothing is . 
  you seem to be evaluating the cost without making any comparisons to other alternatives . 
  it 's like going to madeuplandia and asking how much something costs , then saying ` sounds expensive ' when you do n't know what the sek-madeuppounds conversion is . 
  ( and btw , 5 million scots cooperating over fisheries , or oil , or regulations , is not going to destroy nordic culture . 
  christ on a mechanical fucking bicycle , could you be more alarmist . 
  yes , is the answer . 
  you could be george ` forces of darkness ' robertson . 
  acorrding to him , an independent scotland wil destroy western civilization . ), 
  it 's particularly underhanded to , when someone says that they are about to become silent , declare that their silence will be taken as them acknowledging you are right . 
  that 's the only reason i 've decided to answer , ebcause i do n't think you 're right . 
  anyway ... 
  there are none so blind as those who will not see . 
  that 's you . 
  you wo n't see . 
  i tell you ` i 'm not claiming to be nordic , though it 's true that we are more similar to you than the english are for x , y , and z ' .
