   by whom ? 
  by greeks . 
   to honour ( new ) military contracts well of course a country should be made to honour those contracst . 
  if they did n't negotiate a reasonable break clause then that 's their own fault . 
  the entire point of the bailout is to retain what little credibility greece has and to rebuild it . 
  greece breaking contracts would damage that . 
  unless you 're saying the insisted that greece could excercise those clauses ? 
  if that 's what you 're saying , you 'll need to prove it . 
  besides ... those countries are loaning greece money at below the market rate . 
  they 're not charities , they 're obviously not going to bail someone out and allow them to cost them more money . 
  governments can only be so selfless before the electorate revolts . 
  from a different perspective , here 's what bbskane said ` people wo n't give me money unconditionally and therefore we ca n't be held responsible for our own actions ' . 
  really ? 
  the entire electoral strategy of the labour party in the uk is based on declining real term wages . 
  there 's also a lot of discussion on the right about how immigrants depress wages at the bottom . 
  you 're just flat out wrong about no one considering the effects of competition on wages or workers . 
  and services can be under priced . 
  if the price point is so low , from fear that they 'll lose market share to cheaper competitors , that they ca n't rake in a decent return service quality will suffer and investors will shy away from major upgrades as the return will be poor . 
  it 's an issue in the indian market , whether it 's an issue in france , well i would n't form that opinion based on one article . 
  it just makes sense . 
  it does n't make any sense to harm yourself , sanctions should do the maximum damage to the other person and the minimum damage to you . 
  obviously it becomes a balancing act but harming a major part of your economy is always going to put intolerable pressure on you . 
  how can you maintain sanctions and pressurise the sanctioned if you 're under pressure to left the , in the home front ? 
  it really is n't that simplistic . 
  also , the uk 's economy is around 25 % bigger than russia 's . 
  that in absolute terms , which is arguably what matters in terms of the influence of the economy . 
  if you want to talk in parity , which is the more generally useful , but not so much in this case , value , then russia is bigger . 
  at parity though , germany is bigger . 
  by your metric the uk remains influential or russia does . 
  that 's manifestly not the case so , well , your system is wrong . 
  and the idea that the eu is the chess master moving pieces around , the uk for example , is laughable . 
  people here are complaining that the uk is n't playing ball so it ca n't act ; how does one square that particular circle ? 
  you 're tying yourself in knots to contend that the uk is n't influential . 
  by any reasonable metric is remains one or the most influential countries on the planet . 
  and the same could be said for the french , even more so . 
  they ca n't stand even a tiny decision going against their interests . 
  does the strasbourg travelling circus ring a bell ? 
  if the uk is next to meaningless , does that mean that majority of the world is meaningless ? 
  the reality is , even though it 's suffered a great decline , there are few countries in the world that are more influential - economically , militarily or however way you want to cut it - than the uk . 
  the idea that the eu is the second most influential entity in the world is rather funny . 
  sure , if it was all pulling in the one direction it would be powerful , possibly rivalling the us . 
  it does n't . 
  its members have divergent interests , though , and there are a lot of areas where - while not necessarily conflicting - they are very much not aligned . 
  the inability to form that directed opinion - which is structural and the deliberate intention of the member states - severely hinders its ability to project power . 
  one only needs to look at how russia has shown the eu up over the past wee while to see that it 's not capable of acting as a unified force . 
  and honestly , i 'm not even sure it would be possible to be much more integrated at the moment . 
  in some areas they 'll be able to build consensus and it 'd be fine but there 'll be many member states that would have to be trampled over for something like a common defence policy to exist . 
  oh , someone 's touchy . 
  must be that italian hot-headness . 
  but more seriously , every western country gets satirised , both in general and on reddit . 
  the french get the cheese-eating surrender monkeys joke and their economy is pilloried . 
  the germans get the ` do n't mention the war ' crap and blamed for ruining southern europe . 
  the belgians ... who are the belgians ? 
  the list goes on and on . 
  just because you do n't find them funny does n't mean you need to be offended , nor that anyone should care you 're offended . 
  which is n't necessarily a reason for there not to be a vote . 
  this was a matter which had a precedent set for voting in referenda , what was authorised was expanded upon . 
  if there 's a large number of people in favour of deciding via a referendum , then i do n't see why there should n't be a referendum . 
  people only call for change when they 're unhappy . 
  people are unhappy . 
  they 're calling for change . 
  there should be a referendum , accompanied by an informed debate and proper preparations , which will decide the matter for the next few generations . 
  i 'm quite comfortable that the people will come down on the side of membership once the propaganda cobwebs are swept away and the free trade-mindless of the british people asserts itself ; i see no reason for not having a referendum on this , especially for those in favour of the eu . 
  if there is a large movement in favour of having a referendum , i.e. 
  it is manifestly the will of the people or even just a significant but vocal ( large ) minority , there should be a referendum . 
  referenda are obviously not the answer for every debate , but for constitutional matters it would seem appropriate given there 's no right or wrong , necessarily , ` just ' a matter of preference . 
  if a party promises a referendum , they should probably deliver on that promise . 
  ( i 'd like to see those promises listed however , the one that immediately comes to mind is cameron 's ` cast iron ' guarantee , but that was not an in-out referendum promise but a promise for a referendum on the lisbon treaty , conditional on it not being fully ratified before he got in to power i.e. 
  not what ukip portray it as . ) . 
  fully support being in the eu btw , i just think it 's time to have a referendum , an open debate that clears some myths away , and puts the matter to rest for the next few decades . 
  sounds like a rubbish political theory . 
  it certainly would not mean anything to do with legality . 
  the parliament is sovereign , being sovereign means it can delegate it 's powers however it sees fit . 
  the uk parliament is still sovereign as it has the choice to leave the eu ; it just does n't have the right to force the other countries to do as it says i.e. 
  renegotiate the policies of the union . 
  it seems to me you 're trying to say that any delegation of authority from the parliament without a referendum would be illegal . 
  that is not even remotely close to how i understand the uk 's legal system to be . 
  maybe it 's illegitimate in the sense that it should n't stand but it 's almost definitely not illegal . 
  you think someone would n't have brought a case to court if that were the case ? 
  i 'd be intrigued to see the median house price in london , as opposed to the mean . 
  obviously there is a bubble but i was reading an article the other day about how people could actually afford to live in nyc even though the average was sky high : the mean was massively skewed by the top end but the median was n't skewed so badly . 
  any idea where i could find those figures ? 
  who ? 
  they 're always mentioned but the only real plausible example ever cited is spain . 
  the spanish foreign minister , from the party that i gather is most anti-autonomy of the lot , has said multiple times that their decision will be based on the attitude of westminster . 
  ( also spain has pretty big interests in scotland staying in the eu . 
  large fish stocks that sustain a lot of jobs in spain , for example ) . 
  and the legal situation is pretty different , bilateral v unilateral independence . 
  no one is assuming scotland could just waltz in ( since when was talking about a negotiation waltzing in ) but it would seem strange that scotland would n't be welcome when the eu has been so aggressively expansionist . 
  the negotiations for continued membership would seem to be easier than the negotiations for kicking scotland out , frankly . 
  i do n't believe that because it 's literally not possible for automatic acceptance in to the euro . 
  further , the 18months timeframe came about long after talks of ez-entry had ceased and sterling-zones were mooted . 
  also . 
  if you read the white paper . 
  it 's very clear about what they think is the most reasonable scenario . 
  post-independence vote , negotiations begin for an uninterrupted membership of the eu . 
  it was also the white paper which raised the 18month time frame . 
  basically , your entire post does n't conform with what the campaign has thus far been i.e. 
  you 're wrong . 
  they 're of course going to notice , which is why it 's in both parties best interests to behave themselves .
