  you might have a point there , actually . 
  the more this crisis runs on , and the more i see the absolute reluctance of europeans to commit to the necessary mechanisms to making the euro work , the more it seems like the euro was a bad idea in the first place . 
  yes , the euro has benefits . 
  people are n't willing to pay for them though . 
  this crisis was basically an inevitability , given the deeply flawed structure decided upon . 
  yes , those are the things being done for greece . 
  i do n't know why you think quoting them somehow makes the stupidly tight monetary policy the eu has been running - o the extent that there is huge deflation in the ez - good for the south . 
  before that , greece , spain etc. 
  clearly also needed higher interest rates than the ecb set , and that 's partially the cause of their debt crises and housing bubbles . 
  now , germany needed those low rates to do their restructuring ( in stupendously benign conditions compared to the moment ) but they were clearly bad for the south 's interests . 
  and mentioning qe must be some sort of joke , right ? 
  that should have happened back half a decade ago . 
  better late than never but the delay was against greece 's interests . 
  massively . 
  what did they do instead ? 
  they * raised * interest rates towards the end of 2011 . 
  the ecb 's monetary policy has , thus far , been disastrous for greece, 
  greece leaving is the worse outcome for both sides . 
  if they leave , it 's full-on default time . 
  the people who loaned greece their money get much less back than greece is able to pay back at the moment . 
  not giving greece room to grow , and forcing them out of the ez , is cutting your nose off to spite your face . 
  and that 's just the debt . 
  what about the credibility of the eu project , the credibility of the currency , the contagion effect on weaker states , the damage to trade for the wealthy countries who run surpluses against greece , and so on . 
  it 's really hard to see how that anything but the worst outcome for all concerned . 
  by absolute capitulation to terms that they consider to be actively detrimental to their interests ? 
  you could equally say that the rest of the eu could end the stand off at any time . 
  you said it was drowning in misery and only getting worse . 
  how should that be interpreted , except as an indictment of the quality of life available in sweden ? 
  and the swedes mostly sing in english just because ... 
  an english-language source . 
  they are and they are n't . 
  in british english , mall was/is sometimes pronounced to rhyme with pal ( as in a ` friend ' ) . 
  maul is , as far as i know , universally pronounced the same way i.e. 
  it sounds like the american pronunciation of mall . 
  maul is probably a better example to give if you want to illustrate the pronunciation of the ' \u00e5 ' . 
  no , they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  just like asking whether the level of fear is as widespread does not go hand in hand with calling for demilitarisation and relying on the american military ( which is what you seem to think given your first reply to my initial question ) . 
  i do n't really see how your comment follows on from what i asked but i 'd say an even better alternative would be to pressure the government to increase defence spending and rely on a well-trained military rather than a group of people who would ultimately prove to be not very much use if russian tanks and planes crossed over the border . 
  to what extent is the level of fear the article is talking about actually prevalent and to what extent is the nyt just sensationalising the activities of the more paranoid parts of polish society ? 
  if there 's no sensationalism going on here , it 's pretty terrifying that a nato member country has a population that thinks anyone would attack it . 
  the american sub-prime crisis was the straw the broke the camel 's back . 
  the fundamentals of the southern ez member states were poor . 
  spain had inflated its property bubble about as much is it could ; it was destined to pop . 
  the productivity crisis in greece was already approaching the end of the road and about to push greece over a cliff , able abetted by terrible ecb monetary policy and structural flaws in the emu . 
  the banking crisis in ireland was just about to go to . 
  the french and german banks were horribly exposed to the impending crises further south through their own actions . 
  if you think the subprime crises was the sole and root cause of the current mess the eu finds itself in , yes , you must be dreaming . 
  that happened nearly a decade ago and the epicentre of the crisis has now mostly recovered , as are other similarly afflicted nations . 
  something else is at play here and the policies being pursued in the ez are exacerbating the problem , not helping . 
  science you say ? 
  let 's look at the data points we have to hand then . 
  america : fairly loose fiscal policy , very loose monetary policy , strongly growing economy . 
  uk : middle-ground fisal policy , very loose monetary policy , strong growth . 
  ez : tight fiscal policy , overly-tight monetary policy , anaemic growth and serious headwind to global growth . 
  yeah , it 's ( i assume you mean ) the anglos who are wrecking the economy worldwide . 
  i 'm afraid to break this to you but , i think your university had a bad economics department . 
  that or you were just a bad student and took the wrong message away . 
  well , i just assumed that no one is empty headed enough to take about what they know is a symptom as the cause . 
  also your proposed solution indicates that you do n't understand ` econ 101 ' so i was just filling the gaps . 
  the latter half of my post is a tangent , i 'll give you that , but i have a feeling that is not what you 're talking about here either . 
  yeah , the equivalent is definitely making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's quite a common structure . 
  the swedish equivalent is , i think , ` to make a hen out of a feather ' ( att g\u00f6ra en h\u00f6na av en fj\u00e4der ) . 
  and on your planet the structure or the eurozone appears to have contributed nothing to the problem . 
  the interest rate at the ecb was too low for greece during their boom years ( it arguably had to be , for then-weak germany ) . 
  the response , when germany and the north were doing ok , of tight monetary policy because of inflation phobia was detrimental to the south . 
  the large surpluses in the north with no mechanism of rebalancing them essentially made thus outcome an inevitability . 
  the greeks were complicit in their own downfall but you categorically can not lay it all to rest at their doorsteps . 
  the euro is clearly a project that seems nice to most of continental europe but is something they 're not willing to make the necessary sacrifices for . 
  it needs to be dumped or reformed , the status quo is only going to bring misery . 
  the difference is ` workers ' v ` households ' . 
  households are back to pre-crisis levels , driven by the increasing income of pensioners . 
  workers are still below pre-crisis levels , their incomes eroded by sub-inflation pay rises for years , which only recently turned around . 
  stephen hawking is british ... 
  that 's a major thing that bugs me on this subreddit/reddit . 
  every single time an economic indicator is posted , it 's the same old story . 
  `` this economic indicator is meaningless '' when what they really mean is , as you say , that there 's no context . 
  they each have their own meaning and are useful in different regards . 
  the chains of thought are usually something like this ` gdp -  gdp/capita -  gdp/capita ( ppp ) ' or ` average wage -  median wage -  median wage ( ppp ) ' , each iteration somehow being ` meaningless until you get to the end stage . 
  it 's frustratingly inaccurate . 
  you 're identifying one policy issue ( the tax system ) and using the lack of progress there to pretend nothing has been done to try and fix the problem . 
  that 's patently false , unless you think a country goes from massive primary deficit to relatively large primary surplus with no structural reorganisations . 
  additionally , i think you severely underestimate the complexity of ` fixing ' a tax system . 
  given that your premise is flawed - essentially that they 've not been taking their ` medicine ' - then the idea that flows from that , that more time must be given to try out the first dose , is also flawed . 
  in that light , it seems pretty clear that a different approach is required here . 
  it actually is a common defence organisation , since lisbon . 
  it 's a bit weak and neutered compared to nato 's common defence please provisions but it is there . 
  there are a number is instances where someone can have voted but the vote not be valid . 
  in the uk , some reasons would be that it 's unclear who you 're voting for , you 've left a personally identifying mark ( e.g. 
  signature ) , or just straight up spoiled the ballot . 
  they 're still counted and included in turnout ( because clearly they when to the polling station and put a ballot in the box ) , but they can not be allocated to any individual candidate . 
   iirc you do n't . 
  frontex coordinates each member states individual actions . 
  border defence is a member-state competency . 
  frontex can provide additional support but it has to be invited and no member state has been willing to allow the agency to properly carry out policing work on their territory . 
  it 's one of the least reputable and most sensationalist papers in the uk . 
  it 's like the daily mail , only more sensationalist , and less covert about its racism and political agenda ( especially vis-a-vis the eu ) . 
  just because it goes over your head , it does n't follow that it 's convoluted civil servant-ese . 
  them again , i think the real issue here is you do n't have much to say other than trying and failing to dismiss it all as fear mongering . 
  or economic relationship with by far our primary trading partner will be undefined for the at least the negotiation between us voting to leave and then leaving .
