  when you move in to a new flat , remember to call up the electricity/gas company and tell them you 're taking on the lease . 
  if you 're allow , shop around for the best prices . 
  set up a direct debit to pay as you 'll usually get a discount . 
  if you lvie in student halls or an hmo flat , any adaptor you use for power will need to be fused . 
  there will be open days , which might be advisable for you to come to . 
  if there are many you 'd like to visit , but the dates do n't add up , some offer the ability to do individual visiting days , so you can pad a week 's trip out or something . 
  it 's kind of difficult to know what challenges you 're likely to face , since coming from an other country adds another layer and it 's difficult to know what is ` non-obvious ' but tonnes of people manage every year with little to no guidance . 
  you 'll probably be able to wing it , once you 're in . 
  it depends what you 're looking for , but in terms of english speaking undergraduate degrees , scotland is free for eu citizens and , with respect , they tend to rank higher than portuguese institutions , so that might be an option you might want to look in to . 
  secondly , when it comes to your masters degrees , a lot of universities throughout the eu teach in english and are free . 
  if money is an issue , it does n't follow that you have to be stuck in portugal . 
  ( and even the most expensive tuition in the eu is still only going to be a third of the costs in australia e.g. 
  # 21k gbp instead of # 90k gbp in aus . ), 
  so , if i were an english-speaking eu citizen who was not enamoured with the choices my country offered , and spoke no other language than my native one , i 'd be looking at studying in scotland , followed by a free masters degree from some other institution in northern europe . 
  if i decided part way through my ( science-only ) course that i wanted to stay in scotland , i would consider changing from bachelors to integrated masters , and graduate after five years with and msc rather than four years with a bsc . 
  such a structure is relatively common in english-language headlines . 
  from the current london times world news page : ` japan volcano team finds five more bodies ' . 
  ` south sudan village overwhelmed by refugees ' in actual prose , such headlines would be considered ungrammatical but , much like the leeway to say ` europe ' when one means ` the european union ' , you can get away with it due to the special circumstances around headlines . 
  ( i feel like there are some rules that govern when this is acceptable , with denmark being borderline , america or scotland unacceptable , and the above two examples as perfectly ok to my mind . 
  i ca n't quite discern what the rule is except from guessing it 's to do with how often the country is spoken about in english-language press . ), 
   they have more than the greens , lib dems , snp and have the same as the conservatives what are you talking about ? 
  not scotland and not the uk either . 
  the snp have the most meps in scotland , tied with labour who have 2 candidates but got a smaller percentage of the popular vote . 
  the conservatives and ukip have one seat each , with ukip getting the lesser percentage of the popular vote . 
  it was a close run thing that the libdems or the greens did n't get the vote , with only a few points in it . 
  they have support , yes , but it was ten percent of the 30 per cent of the electorate who voted i.e. 
  3 % of the electorate voted for them . 
  hardly epic in proportion and i 'd imagine that they had a higher percentage turnout than the other parties due to the demographics of the people who support ukip and the relative degree of interest they have in the different elections . 
  basically , you 're deceiving yourself if you think ukip are a major force in scotland . 
  absolutely . 
   it is however how democracy works . 
  you make your case and people either agree or disagree , in this case they disagreed with the case for independence . 
  that the majority 's decision is followed is how democracy works ( after a fashion anyway ) . 
  it is not the case that they must be making the right decision . 
  that claim has the same logical weight as ` but it 's the truth for me ' i.e. 
  none . 
   labour has chosen to try to block the proceedings because they would lose power a quote i read the other day `` milliband has achieved what cameron could only have hoped , the death of scottish labour ' . 
  if milliband blocks further devolution , the electoral backlash in scotland will be horrendous for them ; that could well be a death-blow for them throughout the entire uk , but it depends on the coallition-type politics plays out from now on and if the polls stay stacked like that . 
   scotland is getting more powers you prick that remains to be seen . 
  they 've already fallen behind the timetable they published . 
  they 're also starting to make further devolution contingent on other things , like ` english votes for english laws ' . 
  the policy is fair enough ( provided the form is good ) but it was n't what they promised . 
  they also tried * really * hard to make the pledge following the yougov poll come across like ` devomax ' . 
  they 've been a little deceitful so far , we 're waiting to see if they straight up lied . 
  anyway , let 's not run around calling people pricks . 
  he absolutely has the right . 
  it 's mind-bogglingly rude and incorrect but he definitely has the right . 
  part of the price of freedom of speech is listening to idiocy like that . 
  your reasoning is deeply flawed and i think it arises from this  it is the majority that is right that 's not true . 
  the majority gets to decide what happens , it does n't follow that their decision is the best one . 
  i 'm not ` quoting ' ad populum as a buzzword to say that they 're wrong or they were wrong . 
  i 'm saying that it does n't affect whether they are right or wrong and you ca n't present it as being that . 
  the argumentation should stand on its own to feet , whether one person agrees with it or a billion . 
   the case for independence failed to persuade the majority of people that it better than the current situation . 
  alternatively , and really all we can say , is that the people presenting the case for independence failed to convince the majority of the population that it was the best way forward . 
  it absolutely does not follow that it was not the best way forward . 
  i think pro-independence or pro-unionism is entirely besides the point here , the reasoning is applicable to virtually everything . 
  you think the decision was right . 
  i think it was wrong . 
  the fact that the majority sides with you does n't lend any more weight to your arguments , that 's not how logic works . 
  if you want to convince someone they are wrong you have to tackle the assumptions and reasoning , not present and entirely irrelevant piece of information . 
  in any case , let me be clear , though i think the decision was wrong , i am 100 % behind the scottish government and british government following a path that does not lead to independence but instead one that leads to a more empowered scottish parliament , as promised . 
  i think that is a regretful decision but it is the one the majority wanted . 
  well , you should n't discount yourself as being wrong merely because the majority disagrees with you . 
  ( i 'm sure you hold minority opinions that you think are correct too ) . 
  in this , yes , i do believe that my decision was correct and the majority were wrong . 
  do you know what * ad populum * reasoning is and why it 's fallacious ? 
  please stop trying to tell me i 'm wrong because the majority disagree until you do know what it is . 
  that 's your , seemingly over-sensitive , reading of it . 
  it 's not what i inferred at all . 
  there are sets of principles that lead to the support of the union and there are sets of principles that lead to the support of independence . 
  really all he was saying was that some people made their decisions without putting undue weight on the economic aspect of it . 
  i can respect some of the non-economics-based reasoning as being valid ( democracy , accountability , solidarity , etc. 
  ) , i 'm sure you can too . 
  that 's merely a possibility . 
  the could just be mistaken in thinking their reasoning is more solid . 
  you 're still falling back on * ad populum * reasoning to justify the ludicrous notion that the majority always get it right . 
   the result was right two days ago i do n't think that follows at all . 
  saying the decision was right because the majority voted for it is * ad populum * reasoning . 
  the majority could still have been wrong on whether it was the best way forward or not . 
  the government has to listen to the majority though , whether i disagree with them or not . 
  you do realise that when the irish rejected the treaty of lisbon in their referendum , they were given concessions and clarifications as to the meaning of the treaty , and , with those , they went out to the polls and overwhelmingly voted in support of the treaty . 
  it 's not fair to call it a neverendum , it was democracy writ large . 
  they said no to something they could n't agree to . 
  it was n't forced on them . 
  they were offered something they could say yes to . 
  they said yes to it . 
  in any case , there is a certain degree of hysteresis with these things , but the process it just as technically easy . 
  the hysteresis mostly arises from public opinion though . 
  it 's much more difficult to sell joining a country and giving up sovereignty than it is to sell independence , not on a technical level but on an emotional level . 
  similarly , once eu citizens become used to the simplicity in their lives that integration has brought , they tend to not want to go back and they forget that they were opposed in the first place . 
  well , actually , the argument did not change over night . 
  i 've still not been convinced that independence was not the best option for scotland . 
  to pretend that a vote of everyone suddenly holds all the answers and we should all switch to believing in the uk as the best path forward is nothing but * ad populum * reasoning writ large . 
  it does not hold up to any intellectual scrutiny . 
  in short , the vote should affect the actions of the government , not the viewpoints of the people . 
  i still believe the majority were wrong . 
  in a sense , it does flow from them not agreeing with me , though it 's more complicated than that . 
  do the majority agree with me in this question ? 
  does that piece of information affect my previous reasoning .
