  if you watched question time yesterday , grant sharps , a cabinet minister and chairman of the conservative party was on . 
  it seemed like every single time he opened his mouth he was pushing the idea of the referendum . 
  cameron is pushing the idea pretty hard too and , i think , it would be lethal to him , and the party , to not go ahead with it . 
  it 's about a firm a promise as is possible without legislating for it ; i think they 're trying to legislate for it . 
  honestly , it just sounds like the thought process has been ' x is a problem , what would a problematic number be for that ' . 
  personally , i do n't know about half of those figures off the top of my head . 
  if i was asked to put a number on them , without good reference points , i 'd probably be as off base on a few things as that , especially in a quick survey where you 're not going to out much effort in . 
  clearly some things are overblown in people 's minds but no one thinks 80 % of 12-15 year olds fall pregnant every year . 
  that sounds like a lack of reference as opposed to being duped . 
  as far as i understand it , the tax is due when the profits are repatriated . 
  so long as the money sits outside the us , they do n't need to pay tax . 
  generally , major corporations only repatriate a set amount each year , based on bringing it in to invest as so on . 
  it does n't make sense for them to bring it home unless they need to . 
  better for it to sit in an account somewhere , earning interest , and hope that the us has a tax holiday , than pay the tax straight up . 
  as to pfizer 's motives , i do n't doubt that it does form part of their motivation . 
  i think there 's more to it , but that 's probably a big part of it . 
  it depends , i guess , on how subtle you can be . 
  i 'm about as subtle as a brick in the face so ... 
  not to mention that one of the reasons that wpp moved to dublin was not because the tax rate was high but that the british government decided that it was going to tax global profits , like the us , rather than just british profits , like everyone else in the world . 
  now that provision has been removed , they 're considering moving back . 
  the actual rate of taxation was n't that big of a deal for them ; it was the cost of doing business in the uk . 
  false . 
  we can heavily dial up our regional accent . 
  we remain intelligible to each other but non-natives will not have a clue what we 're talking about . 
  non-natives struggle with glaswegian accents at the best of times , imagine if they were deliberately trying to not be understood . 
  i guess scottish accent is cheating , given the heavy influence of scots which is a separate language , but everyone can do it to a degree . 
  but i do get what you mean . 
  i learned swedish because of my boyfriend , the only thing that stops us freely bitching in my flat is that one of my flatmates is norwegian . 
  but it 's great fun to bitch people upside down , within earshot of them , and them not have a clue . 
  the spoiling factor is that , almost always , they know you 're trying to not be understood . 
  they may not know what you 're saying but they know you 're saying it about them . 
  which strikes me as somewhat ridiculous . 
  it carries the implication that the punctuation was in the quote to begin with . 
  it was n't !, 
  how do you know whether someone is adding their own punctuation or whether it was originally there ? 
  you ca n't , unless the context makes it obvious e.g. 
  the quote is being used as part of a question . 
  ` does the context make it ` obvious ? '', 
  as compared to ` does the context make it ` obvious ' ? ', 
  even in that example , you ca n't tell . 
  you 're still only guessing . 
  the ` in ' in ` inflammable ' is not a prefix . 
  it was part of the word inflammable is descended from . 
  the answer here is essentially that ` in ' is n't always a suffix but sometimes part of the concept itself . 
  that the ` in ' was dropped here by some people is what makes it confusing . 
  no , i do n't think it does . 
  people rejecting independence is not a vote of confidence in the status quo . 
  far from it . 
  take independence off the table and the vast majority of people want devo-max ( all powers devolved except defence , and foreign policy ) . 
  i 'm talking nearly two-thirds here , at the last poll . 
  if all they say is ` aye right , eck , you 're deluded ' , that 's going to wear very thin before referendum . 
  it 's already worn thin . 
  people want ideas , they want concrete promises on what powers are going to be devolved . 
  if there 's even the slightest idea that there will be no forthcoming powers i imagine there 'd be a swing to the yes camp . 
  even aside from that , let 's be serious . 
  they might be the no camp but they chose ` better together ' for a reason . 
  they 're supposed to be projecting the positive case for the union . 
  they 're not doing that , even though what they 're talking about is basically the flipside of the same coin . 
  why is it ` scots will be # 1000 off if independent ' instead of ' # 1000 more per scot : that 's the union dividend ' . 
  or something along those lines . 
  ( just an example , i do n't believe scotland will be # 1000 worse off if independent but you get the idea ) . 
  jut on a final point , if you read their white paper and economics papers , they do identify cuts in spending . 
  they also identify revenue boosting techniques , and cost-neutral tax cuts ( like apd , which only makes any kind of sense in a uk-wide perspective ) . 
  their approach is far more nuanced than ` spend spend spend , but tax cuts too ' . 
  scotland can balance its books , and retain a similar quality of life , but difficult decisions will have to be made . 
  the thing is , everyone is well aware that those decisions are required in the union too , they are n't buying what bt are selling at the moment . 
  there 's a difference between pissing people off and being fair . 
  if scotland is n't in the eu , or getting the benefits from the eu , why should the eu member states get their benefits ? 
  the answer is , clearly , they should n't . 
  control over fisheries in scotland would be something scotland gives up to join the eu . 
  not something that scotland spitefully take away from the eu . 
  the eu would n't have a leg to stand on in terms of trade sanctions and whatnot . 
  in any case , this talk of the worst case scenario is completely counterproductive . 
  it unnecessarily raises the temperature on what should otherwise be a calm and straightforward ( relatively ) set of negotiations , making the best outcome more difficult to get to . 
  scotland joining schengen would increase the barriers to movement , not decrease it . 
  ewni would n't want to join and so there would be control at the scotland-ewni border . 
  the traffic flow over that barrier ** dwarfs ** those from scotland to the schengen area and those flows are all via airports . 
  more journeys would require a passport with scotland in schengen than with scotland in the cta . 
  that 's completely counterproductive to the european ideal and the ideals behind schengen . 
  besides , passport free travel is , except for some edge cases , only beneficial with large land borders . 
  roi and uk are island nations , each with a land-border with the other . 
  there is almost no benefit to giving up that ` sovereignty ' . 
  not joining schengen is n't being a bad european , it 's jut abjuring integration for the sake of integration . 
  technically , that 's the ideal that the eu is built on : subsidiarity . 
  the common travel area between the roi and uk is best handled on that bilateral basis ( plus others ) . 
  bringing the uk and ireland into the schengen area would actually be contrary to that parts of the eu 's ideals . 
  realistically , being a good eu member is about more than jumping on every bandwagon on the go . 
  compliance with eu laws is also an important point , and non-compliance is a de-facto opt-out . 
  the traditionally-perceived-to-be-good eu members , like germany and france , have far worse compliance records than the uk . 
  what 's worse ? 
  breaking the law or negotiating yourself opt-outs so you remain within the law ? 
  i think that answer to the question is clear , if only ( but it is n't ) because one is more honest . 
  what is being discussed is slightly different . 
  the speculation is not that scotland would gain automatic entry but that it would be seamless . 
  the idea behind that is there is 18 month between the referendum and ` independence day ' . 
  in that time frame , negotiations , now with the consent of the uk , which it does n't currently enjoy , are to take place that means , on that day scotland leave the uk , it 's membership via the uk expires but , with no gap , scotland 's membership , in its own right , would take place . 
  it is in everyone 's best interests that that take place . 
  moreso scotland 's than the eu 's , but still . 
  scotland has 5million eu citizens , it has nearly 200,000 non - ` scottish ' eu citizen who would lose their residence rights , without a change in the current laws . 
  even if they retained the right to reside , they could well lose access to various government programmes which they currently enjoy .
