  god i miss the empire, 
  are you the token french person coming here to state how much you hate the british ? 
  oh , i see what 's going on here . 
  you 're from that part of canada that thinks they 're ... haha one second let me compose myself , your from that part of canada that believe they 're french !, 
  assemble the red coats . 
  we must save portugal and use that as an excuse to capture a french town or two, 
  i like portugal because they 're not shy to vote for the uk during eurovision . 
  their women are great also and every time i 've been the local people have always been really nice, 
   you just defended your island and asia and north africa and the middle east and europe and england . 
  i 've not the time for such arguments but the larger the empire the more stretched the military . 
  i would have used / s but being british it means / serious, 
  yes , we know that . 
  i 'm being sarcastic, 
  it means you wo n't need to take your big coat the next time you go for a weekend in blackpool, 
  i think your understanding of english has messed up a little . 
  i think you mean to say `` modern arsehole '' not `` activist '' . 
  worry not though , it 's an easy mistake to make . 
  i 'm surprised you even have to pay to visit a museum !, 
  that 's that anonymous hacker guy !, 
  whatever you do do n't mention the war !, 
  i mentioned it once but i think i got away with it, 
  i heard he once walked past a mosque . 
  that 's good enough for isil, 
  i would n't say they went full retard . 
  let 's say we were having a general election in the uk and the two main party leaders were trump and margaret thatcher . 
  i 'm sure as hell not voting for thatcher, 
  you can hardllllllyyyyyyyyyyyy blame us . 
  have yyyyyyyyyyou seen the welsh lllllllllanggggggguagggggggge ? 
  based mainly on the english war of the roses, 
  apologies , i 'm on a third party app and assumed germany . 
  i ca n't see flairs . 
  you mean vampiric immortality right ? 
  sounds like you got those pipes from marks & spencer, 
  i put 10 quid on first comment having a uk flair, 
  ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ europe will be unified by 2050, 
  we 'll rename it britain-ish, 
  sicily , really ? 
  the vikings really were just a bunch of lads on tour eh ? 
  i wonder if british tourists inherited their mischievous antics from the vikings, 
  good god i ca n't even begin to imagine the cocktail of nationalities we 'd have in the uk/ireland if we actually cared about heritage, 
  the only annoying thing about the english one is that it 's not even annoying !, 
  if you reverse it and show it to an argentine however , it will trigger them, 
  wales is a principality , right ? 
  it 's that terrible illusion the world seems to be under , everyone thinks we speak bbc english . 
  we all different innit, 
  unless this subreddit disagrees , in which case blame russia and chinese hackers, 
  there must be some sort of translation issue here then because no one 's being a cunt, 
  you do know we 're not allowed to post in this sub , right ? 
  this would be a pretty sick map on world of tanks, 
  got ta get me one of those, 
  northland . 
  that best be manchester that 's the capital !, 
  that status is well over due, 
  the us certainly is n't perfect but we need only compare west germany to east germany to see which country one would rather side with . 
  heck , just look at japan and south korea . 
  like you , i also do n't see mountains . 
  i see bonus +1 production from mines and a nice natural fortification . 
  hey , whilst we 're talking , fancy open borders and a declaration of friendship ? 
  what 's that dark shadowy place in the far right bottom corner ? 
  how could you forget tango ? 
  he probably bought diet irn bru, 
  and you 're right not to . 
  if eu and russian relations escalate to the point that the eu finally gets involved with what 's happening in the ukraine , you can be damn sure this irish poll will flip entirely, 
  it 'll never get published . 
  the uk releasing that report would cause all sorts of crap in the eu , un and the uk . 
  maybe once an eu deal has been reached but i 'm not surprised its being suppressed at the moment . 
  & nbsp ; the uk is one of the bad guys in all this but its not the only bad guy . 
  there 'll be at least 3 other european nations involved along with the us and most likely russia and china . 
  basically the 5 un permanent members . 
  sorry but your country beat wales in the euro 2016 . 
  i consider your country terrorists . 
  yeah , green is the `` go at your own risk '' zone, 
  absolutely spot on . 
  no , it was a thing and wages were being undercut . 
  of course you are right about it being the employers fault and not the employees though . 
  ca n't really fault them though , why pay 15 pound an hour when their 's someone in your office willing to work for minimum wage, 
  maybe she 's waiting for france and germany to publish their reports on arms exports to sa . 
  nothing to hide nothing to fear andwhatnot, 
  it all depends on the tea !, 
  well this is the r/europe subreddit . 
  perhaps you thought this was r/europeanunion, 
  this is like that magazine your place of employment spits out every other month filled with wonderful things and how great it is to work for this company . 
  & nbsp ; it 's a load of crap that nobody has time for . 
  a lot of the people i employ are from bulgaria and i think they 're brilliant . 
  they love their dobro utero handshakes and they 're the only european nationality i employ that regularly buy their employers gifts . 
  they seem very respect driven & nbsp ; they love working saturday 's too , wtf . 
  you sound left handed, 
  you have to say that a little louder , i ca n't hear you from up/down here, 
  shhhhhh !!!, 
  gchq is watching us right now . 
  have a snickers , mate . 
  you 're a facist when you 're hungry !, 
  actually if i get paid # 15.00 an hour and you earn the equivalent to that in american dollars . 
  i still earn more than you . 
  is rly not tht hrd of a langwige if im honest, 
  she 'll never be queen and to be honest i do n't even have a problem with her . 
  diana was great and all but meh does n't mean i * have * to dislike camilla, 
  hopefully she 'll then retire and go back to her homeland , never to be seen again . 
  from sweden ? 
  you mean the germans ,
