and now here you are in the eu : / will you guys ever be free ? 
  / s i joke . 
  happy independence day, 
  it would be a pointless argument . 
  your views would n't be changed and nor would mine . 
  seen your previous points and you appear very much in favour of the title ` eu army ' but you have n't really considered everything , if you had you 'd know it 's a highly improbable . 
  nato is perfectly fine at the moment . 
  perhaps the other eu countries could actually meet the 2 % gdp requirements of nato before we talk about an ` eu army ' and how we 'd all be chummy , link arms and moon walk our way to the russian border . 
  you 're basically just heckling . 
  do n't take it personally , kid . 
  what evidence is there that it would be trustworthy ? 
  i 'm not a religious guy so you 'll excuse my lack of * faith *, 
  of course he does , he 's british . 
  i likeo this pictureo, 
  1 sugar please, 
  i hear the girls there will suck the life out of you, 
  it 's ok , we 're busy being insulted over the use of the british flag / s, 
  wrong subreddit , bro, 
  same here in uk, 
  we never get nice european heatwaves so we may as well leave the eu in search of a better weather deal . 
  the alternative voting system we were given would have made zero difference . 
  90 % is complete and utter nonsense . 
  i was in the raf just as we were preparing to mobilise and from what i remember the crowds of civilians in suffolk were n't boo'ing us but cheering us on . 
  we all fell for the wmd lie . 
  there might have been 90 % opposition after everyone realised there were no wmd 's and it was all one great big lie . 
  typical ` european federation ' bullshit . 
  run along to your wee subreddit circle jerk where the sky is green and the grass is a deep blue . 
  pitchforks , geeeeeeet your pitchforks !, 
  you 'd be surprised how often that happens in the uk . 
  it 's usually a single far left standing up to the far rights, 
  you forgot to set your flair to `` glory glory federal europe '' . 
  the lighting has been exaggerated a little to give it more glow but it 's hardly worth heckling `` photoshop '' . 
  it actually does look like that at night , bit more olive green though . 
  sir , could you please switch off your projector ? 
  you are wasting energy and we do n't like being projected on . 
  the pound sterling will endure . 
  is n't it the third most reliable currency in the world ? 
  problem no, 
  i only have 1 question . 
  what do greeks call barm cakes ? 
  this is an important english language question . 
  here in the uk it 's quite different as we identify ourselves by our country ( england , scotland etc ) , then by our island ( british , irish ) and then sometimes we 'll remember we 're also european . 
  it 's a crying shame how distant we are from europe . 
  hopefully these next few months make us realise how mortal we truly are and accept that we 're european . 
  and they say we 're `` crazy '' for wanting to leave this shit show . 
  luckily the eu reality is n't the same as this hypocritical circle jerk of a subreddit . 
  or go full retard and acronym it to ukgb&ni, 
  what all of our countries need is mandatory political classes in our high school education . 
  our youths need to be educated on how our countries governments actually work so they can make informed decisions when it comes to voting . 
  there 's is currently a ridiculous amount of people who believe the uk officially left the eu yesterday edit : removed emote . 
  i was in texting mode . 
  better call the police, 
  ... f-f-flair ? 
  wait what ? 
  i thought the uk was just london and then load of lakes and hills, 
  give it a day or two and russia will just deny everything, 
  would n't be very surprising considering the eu is capable of becoming the biggest rival of the united states . 
  got ta keep us in check . 
  but i ca n't be an arab , i 'm just harry, 
  i did yesterday to check whether ` afghan ' was in fact a real place . 
  surprisingly it is the nick name of a place called afghanistan . 
  james bond is really good at his job, 
  you do n't get sarcasm . 
  well yes and no . 
  being a member of europe did not give top gear it 's success , the bbc and the teams approach to fun information did that . 
  jeremy clarkson is an excellent presenter , just watch any of his documentaries they 're quite fun . 
  i 'm aware they were on the continent numerous times but they 've never been limited to europe as we 've seen them across the world . 
  as for the `` made loads of people money due to eu membership '' , not really . 
  the bbc is publicly owned and paid for through tv licencing paid by british households . 
  well we could always drop democracy and do things a little different . 
  remove the far right , right out of the equation, 
  you 're a rather infuriating fellow , are n't you ? 
  funny because i 'm voting remain . 
  i 'm sorry but you are completely blinded by your love for the eu ( or hatred of the uk ) . 
  the uk is a highly influential state with the power and means to insert it 's will on lesser states . 
  leaving the eu will mean losing some of our influencing power but doing so would n't wipe us off the world stage , though i do believe leaving the eu would be somewhat disastrous for our economy but it would be fixable in the long run . 
  the uk is n't just some wannabe cool guy that 's been allowed to sit at the back of the bus , we 've been sitting there all along . 
  it 's thanks to the uk and only 3 other european countries ( france , germany and italy ) that the eu actually has a voice . 
  it 's as if i 've woken up in some strange reality where things are backwards . 
  it 's quite the opposite over here, 
  well that 's actually quite sensible of the americans . 
  i believe i too would avoid correcting people of another nation whilst also being in their nation . 
  i would n't want to cause trouble . 
  it 's like visiting glasgow ( scotland ) and being asked by a stranger on the street `` green or blue ? '', 
  the answer is - `` same as you mate '' followed by power walking away in a quick but subtle manner . 
  ( being asked which football team you support ), 
  put a cork in it , do n't be starting no pun thread, 
  always a brilliant show when someone asks my mate where in oz she 's from . 
  she 's south african, 
  and also quite concerned as i would never have imagind that `` wrong gender '' could actually be a reason to get an abortion, 
  the fuck is this shit ? 
  the majority of the world would not have been colonised by european countries if european countries had n't colonised them . 
  what 's your point ? 
  in the uk the popular beer brand here is that one that gets you drunk, 
  this is what you turn into after you step off the train , realise you need the toilet quite badly , head to the toilet and then get * slammed * with a 60p charge per person per pee . 
  we already pay 5p for a placky bag . 
  what 's next ? 
  10p for soap ? 
  20p for toilet paper ? 
  this country is ruined , i 'm telling you .
