  from my knowledge no one in cyprus is actually bothered by the british being there and are more concerned with the turks, 
  i 'd imagine cyprus and new zealand getting a long quite well, 
  cyprus ? 
  used to be british , we lets the greeks have it and now it 's filled with ` greekish ' people with a taste for good british tea . 
  & nbsp ; they 're dicks though because they do n't give us enough points during eurovision, 
  ~ ~ northern ireland does have a flag though . ~ ~ & nbsp ; besides no flag means there would be nothing stopping the british from planting a flag and claiming cyprus & nbsp ; edit : turns out northern ireland doesnt have a flag and just use the union flag . 
  i rest my case , be careful cyprus, 
  the most surprising part is that the third world war happened in the 20th century and not the 14th, 
  careful now , if theresa may sees this she might just decide to declare war on spain to prove you wrong, 
  i would n't even bother debating this with him . 
  he 's an absolute eu federalist . 
  may as well change his flair to `` the national socialist party eu '', 
  we like our words the same way we like our queues - long and exciting, 
  what do you mean by `` the rest of the uk feels kind of dead ? '', 
  i hope the front does n't fall off, 
  * if a finger says its name , a man will give its rings back *, 
  no but i read the thread title !, 
  aye , we do n't want to lose our reddit karma, 
  it changes every month , one moment the uk is ahead and then the next it 's france . 
  we 're basically at the same strength . 
  neither country could successfully attack the other, 
  now ** this ** is a eunion i can get behind . 
  & nbsp ; hi ~ ~ france ~ ~ greater brittany and ~ ~ spain ~ ~ greater gibraltar , how 's the weather ? 
  yeah i agree . 
  like do n't get me wrong , i love the hot weather but this is hot-hot weather . 
  ya know ? 
  sticky hot , this hot is just too sticky for me, 
  as a brit i 'm loving all this talk about weather and temperature . 
  this is the most fun i 've ever had on r/europe, 
  well she is german . 
  more than likely loves the idea on the eunion . 
  she 's trolling the brexiters if anything, 
  i quite like the blue and white version of the portugese flag, 
  it represents their karma standing in the eu, 
  i do n't care but can we talk about this for a moment ? 
  i think there is a real issue here video games are getting more and more expensive and it feels like their content is getting less and less . 
  most triple a games come with a price tag of # 60 with gold edition usually being # 80 and ultimate edition being around # 100 . 
  this is n't even considering the dlc which usually gets released st # 15-20 . 
  people spend this money like every 1-2 months . 
  why ?!, 
  8.3 % of fake statistic posts on the internet turn out to be true, 
  you make it sound like it 's the united kingdoms fault that this has happened . 
  the uk did n't cause this . 
  people are always the same when it comes to dealing with this situation . 
  it 's always full of `` ca n't do 's , wo n't do 's '' and never `` how about this , how about that '' . 
  at the end of it all the migrants still end up in calais being am annoyance and the french government continues to live under the illusion that this is a problem for the uk . 
  not sure if you 're a person or a tabloid headline, 
  what gave it away , the peach coloured wall in the background or the red rail in the bottom right corner ? 
  buy a wardrobe, 
  you can if you 've got a flag , have you got a flag ? 
  we 'll take it and we 'll make venice pay for it, 
  so is your mum, 
  yeah because it 's all their fault !, 
  not us honest , nature-fearing europeans . 
  europe has never contributed to the global climate . 
  `` hold my larger '' * 3 minutes later * oi , who drank me pint, 
  oh my god that trump scene hahaha . 
  how on earth did i miss this video during the brexit campaign, 
  do n't worry man , marriage gets better when you both work at it, 
  yep , i worked with st. john 's ambulance during my time at college and one day we were at the hospital helping out . 
  anyway , not to drag this on but i brought in some tea ( teapot , cups , bowl of sugar ) for the bunch of workers in one of the staff rooms and one of the doctors there has asked me with an absolute straight face `` is this sugar or salt ? '' . 
  honestly thought he was joking but nah , dude was straight up asking me if i just brought in a bowl of salt with a teaspoon in it, 
  are we looking out at the same back garden ? 
  mine 's a tip, 
  let me guess , ex-labour voter turned tory because you `` i just ca n't get behind cornyn '' and now you 've come here to add some salt and liken him to trump in the hopes that someone would agree with you . 
  nope , go find that validity someplace else , pal . 
  aye , we 're taking the island 's to mars and trump 's paying for it, 
  wait that 's an actual city name ? 
  looks like you 're asking byen how 2017 is going, 
  3 years `` are they laughing now '', 
  `` shit '' as in bad or `` the shit '' as in good ? 
  can you say that a bit slower please . 
  it 's late and i 'm quite . . hic ... pissed, 
  just look at the flair `` european federation '' cringe . 
  have you looked at our caps recently ? 
   the byzantine empire was never in the dark ages . 
  except for that time they forgot to pay a certain bunch of western europeans , amirite ? 
   fail with the basics like thank you in the local language this . 
  this right here . 
  we get all sorts of languages coming to the uk and i know its wrong of me to assume everyone just speaks english ( you forget sometimes because more often than not they actually do ) but god damn how hard is it to just learn the 4 basic things . 
  it does n't matter what the language is or how much you know but there are 4 things you should go out of your way to know . 
  those being : - hello - please - thank you - how much is a pint of stella ? 
  aye we have bad names for ourselves ( uk/us ) when it comes to tourists misbehaving and i wo n't deny that other european nations have tourists just as bad but let 's be real for a moment . 
  the gulf between how uk/us/russian tourists act compared to other nations is about as large as the gap between the earth and moon edit : i know the uk and russia are known for their drunken antics but i think the major problem the uk , russia and us ( us are n't bad drunks in my experience ) create for tourist destinations is our complete avoidance of `` when in rome , do as the romans do '', 
  ugh that 's actually the part of manchester ( printworks strip ) where people actually speak like that !, 
  i 'm actually half disappointed at the lack of traffic cones on heads, 
  fuck u evn lookin at ya bell , i 'll nock ur lights out . 
  iiiiiiinnnnnn-geeeeerrrrrrr-laaaaannnndddddd . 
  i wonder why spain has so many, 
  hate seeing that northern ireland has many officers : /, 
  no , we 're completely serious . 
  stop dumping your population in my country !, 
  btw we 're sending a bunch of pensioners to spain , they 're your problem now . 
  oh and you can also expect a large portion of students to be moving to france , germany and scandinavia to study . 
  i suppose poland can expect a lot of tourism too , nice people , nice place ... might live there for a year or two but anyway , get out of mah cuntary !, 
  he should tell her he eats his ice cream with a fork . 
  that 'd be impressive . 
  do what you must in your world domination but if you touch poland , well ... shit will hit the fan . 
  does it keep you awake at night ? 
  have you told your wife about your past ?
