huh , maybe i 'm just naive . 
  right ? 
  only a couple of months ago everybody was welcome everywhere . 
  `` could i have an irish car bomb please ? '', 
  what ?! '', 
  i believe it 's `` migrant '' crisis . 
  we ca n't be feeling sorry for them now , can we ? 
  aw i wish we had a cool name for it . 
  i think there 's one in my hometown in tyrone . 
  i 'm gon na find them . 
  for science . 
  i 'm just happy to see n. ireland used in something positive . 
  even if it is the most depressing show . 
  most of the most upvoted comments are fear mongering right wing shite by americans . 
  it 's bad times when you have to go to controversial to read the sensible comments . 
  the first article does n't say that the pupils do n't speak english at all , just that it is n't their first language . 
  and then goes on to say that many students who only speak english as a second language go on to preform better than natives . 
  what 's considered pricey ? 
  7 yoyo for a pint in ireland is n't uncommon . 
  edit : in tourist areas, 
  i keep having dreams about going there . 
  are there any pubs ? 
  i 've never flown so i was always confused about how that works . 
  where does it even fly to ? 
  hahahahahaahaha lol . 
  it 's excellent . 
  i used to fly liverpool/manc - belfast/derry every other week no sweat on minimum wage . 
  yeah have a check . 
  i do n't know how much exactly . 
  he said he travelled over for an `` ulster fry '' once . 
  i met a guy from stranraer who said that locals get the boat over to larne for only a couple of quid and they 'd wander over fairly often . 
  yeah i have to work in aberdeen sometimes and because the flights are so expensive the ferry is usually easier . 
  but driving to aberdeen , and through it , is a fucking nightmare . 
  speed cameras fucking everywhere . 
  yeah you can see the mull of kintyre from the north coast . 
  maybe they could do some sort of tunnel it isle of man and over . 
  but your all set when you 're in glasgow since it has decent motorways . 
  but then it 's 40quid flights with ryanair for 20 minutes . 
  there 's a wikipedia article about making an tunnel and i think it 's not worth the effort due to cheap flights . 
  edit : and the shortest length is from outside belfast to the arse end of nowhere in scotland so would n't benefit that many people, 
  it is definitely a dialect of scots . 
  i think they use `` ken '' for `` know '' and a few other words that exist in scotland . 
  that 's why n.i accents are the way they are . 
  i do n't argue that . 
  but if you read any samples it 's just ni english spelt phonetically . 
  i think it 's a waste of money changing loads of signs for the sake of a few orange men who got their knickers in a twist over the good friday agreement . 
  especially since anyone who i know to claim to speak it just say things like `` aye i went doon tha toon that ofa dai '', 
  i actually never seen that but i 'll have a youtube of him later on . 
  yeah it 's pretty much old scottish dialect . 
  but there is n't much of it written down over here so they hired some linguist to `` finish '' off the language and it just sounds like a very thick `` norn iron '' accent . 
  but there 's always been a cross over in scottish and irish culture . 
  i used to live in inverurie and they said that around their area they used to speak `` doric '' ? 
  or something in ye olde days . 
  i do n't know if it 's similar but what ulster scots looks like is people phonetically trying to spell scottish english from about 200 years ago . 
  `` then wee jesus was bourne in a manger so he was '', 
  haha that 's definitely it . 
  geordies have more right to a language that ulster scots does . 
  if any of you are wondering why northern ireland ( slide 43 ) has 2 languages . 
  it 's because there 's irish and `` ulster scots '' which is a made up dialect and is pretty much bad english . 
  `` norlin airlan assemblie '', 
  agreed . 
  see centuries of british occupation in ireland . 
  it 's only recently calmed down . 
  it was more like the city of derry was heavily invested and settled and they renamed the county from `` coleraine '' to `` londonderry '' , and the city followed suite under some royal charter that they still ca n't override for some reason . 
  but the majority just calls it derry now . 
  funnily enough that 's where a lot of the tv show `` vikings '' is filmed . 
  haha yeah . 
  i frequent / r/floridaman, 
  i was in florida once and me and some scottish guys convinced some girls that we traveled over in the `` atlantic tunnel '' . 
  one even went to suggest she had traveled in it before . 
  so i have no doubt somebody now believes they can travel from chicago to france on a train . 
  i like you . 
  but scotland already is a part of the eu so a lot of the groundwork is already done . 
  it could be done in a few years rather than decades like other countries that try to join . 
  do n't let arlene foster hear you say that . 
  i 'm just a mad bastard, 
  yeah they 're a stubborn bunch . 
  but when they realise how much this will fuck is up it might just push people over the edge . 
  i 'm sure there 's people who are more open to irish passports today than yesterday . 
  i hope they leave it a few years so we see the effects of not having eu funding . 
  and i 'm sure england want nothing more than to get rid of us so they 'll do their best to push us out . 
  he compromised with the uncompromising . 
  he made ireland a better place . 
  pr is the best !, 
  best of luck !, 
  i 'm sure the results are n't exactly what a lot of netherlands want but it 's a sigh of relief for the rest of the eu . 
  atleast there 's some benefits from brexit and trump !, 
  would you say that 's the reason for the high voter turnout ? 
  or is it always high ? 
  ireland changed drastically in the last 20 years so there 's always hope . 
  but have you ever been in the ra ? 
  i 've had some really tasty american beers but i do n't know why they think it 's a purely us thing . 
  i think the nicest beer i 've had was from south africa . 
  they fed me that stuff . 
  i think everybody wants to leave regardless of country . 
  i have a few hungarian friends and they plan to move back . 
  home is where the heart is blah blah . 
  what a pair of fucking gimps . 
  absolutely . . 
  i really do n't understand why they do n't do the paris financial sector thing and just have an area where there 's no height limit .
