  you say its safe yet europe is in the most dangerous position since the germans came with tanks . 
  and germany currently has been invaded/invited by 1million ( 250k a month rising ) and you 'll be handing them eu passports in 3 years time . 
  the uk had no say on this , yet you 'll be given them the same equal rights ( and access to our benefits ) without our say , without our voice . 
  so when i say `` fuck the eu '' , i mean it , i ca n't wait to see it suffer and destroy it self due to its own stupidity . 
  edit and our involvement in bloody wars in europe were only ever to stop brutal dictators , napoleon , hitler , wilhelm ii , ottoman empire . 
  i am very proud of the british army and what have done to keep peace and tyranny at bay . 
  maybe you should be more grateful or you could still be goosestepping in berlin . 
  and lets not forget the wars in ukraine + syria are due to the eu meddling , you say your there to stop wars all you 've done is create them, 
  well as britain puts 10billion euros to fund this sham of an organisation , and we are eu largest exporter of goods , i think we do matter . 
  lets face it , germany needs uk , we do n't need the eu . 
  we do n't want you , we do n't particularly like you . . thats why we are saying `` auf wiedersehen '' in preparation for when the panzer tanks roll over the rhineland ... 
  i do n't think we have been selfish , we have been forced to joined the eu ( the general elect had no say ) , we were nearly forced to take on euro , we have been forced to take on human rights dictated by foreign countries . 
  but we do agree with integration . 
  united kingdom , is 4 countries working together for the betterment of all . 
  celtics , anglos + normans all as one . 
  we have become very successful do n't you think ? 
  the uk is renowned for looking after refugees , and in general not being very racist , we have some slight mishaps , but nothing comparable to sa for apartheid , usa 40 years ago ( and now ) + germany for what happened in ww2 . 
  i honestly think the eu will no longer be around in 5-10 years time , and i think that will be the best for europe and the world . 
  honestly in my eyes the eu is germany 's attempted to run europe , failed twice with an army , now doing it politically 3rd time lucky hey !, 
  this is why the eu will always fail , one country how ever small has to have * its * say , for its own personal agenda . 
  the eu just does n't work , you ca n't fit all these clowns in one mini and expect it to go !, 
  do you have the `` charisma of a damp rag '' and the appearance of a `` low-grade bank clark '' ??? 
  what an amazing troll mr farage was . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byplwi5aqvy anyway i hope you have a good day , 
  is it you ? 
  why ? 
  if london is the engine of the uk economy the rest of the uk provides the fuel . 
  seriously your comparing a 13 year union , which is purely one way , which was illegally formed and forced on the uk population against a union of over 300 years . 
  have you noticed that the girls are hotter ? 
  because london is the capital of england since the roman times and gb since 1700 , london is intrinsically linked to the heart beat of the country . 
  london could not survive without the rest of the uk , as such uk could n't survive without london . 
  we have purposely built our ports , financial center , government royal house house around the capital . 
  poland + uk have been linked by a fucked up union ( which we did n't vote for ) whereby uk gives 3rd world countries aid so they can catch up to our standard of living . 
  this link has been * only * for 13 years ( which only took 12 years + 6months for the uk population to realise that this is a one way relationship and we voted out ) . 
  we may trade , we may take your labour but in reality there is nothing that poland can offers us which we can not get from looking at our commonwealth . 
  maybe serbia needs some freedom, 
  i like ee , dating a lithuanian for 4 years . 
  i just think this relationship in the eu is very one-sided . 
  the london argument is bullshit tbh, 
  my partner is ee , i know fucking full well it 's not a portion that goes back . 
  you make it sound like it 's 5 % , and you guys are doing us a favour . 
  income tax you pay , yet ee live cheaply send the money back to build homes and buy businesses . 
  it 's clever and i do n't blame you . 
  what you dont take into consideration in your `` taxes '' is the extra cost of schools , healthcare , infrastructure and homes . 
  income tax is not nearly enough to cover the increase in a population that is only there for higher wages . 
  i am quite aggressive to ee in my comments even tho my partner is ee , not due to racisim ( how can i be i actually love visiting the baltics ) it 's due to the one way relationship with the eu where i believe the uk does n't come out favorable . 
  skanska is very much swedish with a uk branch . 
  all money goes back to sweden . 
  they are reknown for being a good company to . 
  source work in construction, 
  what on earth does poland export to england that we make ourselves except cheap labour and polski shops ... 
  who paid for this ? 
  from memory it was 30 % -40 % 3rd , 40 % -60 % desmond 60-80 % 2.1 80 % higher 1st . 
  i might be wrong , i was 62 % and 12shags, 
  i got a 2.1 , just saying a desmond tutu was offering honors at 41 % , maybe even 40 %, 
  we 'll be gone soon and you can go back to your germanic masters , we just wo n't save you for the 3rd time , 
  it 's very simple , and as a non country like belgium you would n't understand . 
  the welsh are very patriotic , so are the scots , ca n't talk about northern ireland cause that 's just a fuck up . 
  us english are patriotic as well . 
  we are an union of 4 nations , very much like the eu ( thing is wales and scotland are n't none countries like belgium and luxembourg ) you need to understand scots and welsh are celtic and we are anglo / norman 's we are are different . 
  ie gingers come from celtic tribes we are blonde and beautiful  . 
  i am english first , british second and if anyone starts on australia or new zealand i 'll knock you out . 
  my uni gave ( hons ) with 41 % overall pass rate \u263a, 
  oi bulgaria , fuck off and leave the lithuania flag alone , it 's pretty like their women . 
  from england ( also your flag is the same , except yellow for white , ), 
  funny and none trolling story . 
  i was at my gfs uncle house ( they are lithuanian ) , first time i had visited them in uk . 
  and the lounge walls were painted , yellow green and red !!, 
  i asked , `` did you paint your lounge in the colors of lithuania flag '' , they did and did n't even realize they had . . it was there fucking lounge with with 3 different painted wall colours . 
  lithuanians are insane and very patriotic !, 
  roast beef * at least speak the queens english , 
  standard frog , waving defeat when challenged , 
  your right , i only know of a couple of defeats by france . 
  roughly i noted them below  - gallic wars lost . 
  in a war whose ending foreshadows the next 2000 years of french history , france is conquered by of all things , an italian . 
  - hundred years war mostly lost , saved at last by female schizophrenic who inadvertently creates the first rule of french warfare ; `` france 's armies are victorious only when not led by a frenchman . '', 
  sainted . 
  - italian wars lost . 
  france becomes the first and only country to ever lose two wars when fighting italians . 
  - wars of religion france goes 0-5-4 against the huguenots - thirty years war france is technically not a participant , but manages to get invaded anyway . 
  claims a tie on the basis that eventually the other participants started ignoring her . 
  - war of revolution tied . 
  frenchmen take to wearing red flowerpots as chapeaux . 
  - the dutch war tied - war of the augsburg league/king william 's war/french and indian war lost , but claimed as a tie . 
  three ties in a row induces deluded frogophiles the world over to label the period as the height of french military power . 
  - war of the spanish succession lost . 
  the war also gave the french their first taste of a marlborough , which they have loved every since . 
  - american revolution in a move that will become quite familiar to future americans , france claims a win even though the english colonists saw far more action . 
  this is later known as `` de gaulle syndrome '' , and leads to the second rule of french warfare ; `` france only wins when america does most of the fighting . '', 
  - french revolution won , primarily due the fact that the opponent was also french . 
  - the napoleonic wars lost . 
  temporary victories ( remember the first rule ! ), 
  due to leadership of a corsican , who ended up being no match for a british footwear designer . 
  - the franco-prussian war lost . 
  germany first plays the role of drunk frat boy to france 's ugly girl home alone on a saturday night . 
  - world war i tied and on the way to losing , france is saved by the united states . 
  thousands of french women find out what it 's like to not only sleep with a winner , but one who does n't call her `` fraulein . '', 
  sadly , widespread use of condoms by american forces forestalls any improvement in the french bloodline . 
  - world war ii lost . 
  conquered french liberated by the united states and britain just as they finish learning the horst wessel song .
