  you believe that ? 
  i think greece does n't , heart italy want a ref . 
  and france will be france , and will vote out . 
  no it fucking is n't !, 
  the eu is a hated political union of countries , europe is a collection of countries . 
  norway + swis are n't in the eu , but is in europe . 
  soon to be great britain , 
  and she will take down the eussr , or the 4th reich as its actually known ... , 
  waiting for queens speech in may , make it official . 
  no one goes against the queens wishes . 
  she single handled took down the nazi 's and reclaimed the falklands . 
  anyway this is the europe section , not eu . 
  an european army controlled by germany ... hmm is it 1939 all over again ? 
  oh , the eu army that we were told that 'd never happen ... 
  and its high enough to be classed as the 2nd largest city in the uk by population ( 2nd by a large margin x 200k ) so you can take your snide remarks and fuck off . 
  2 % does n't sound alot , see it as 1,269,501 . . thats a lot people . 
  no , i just watched the movie last week and its an awesome quote . . clearly you have n't seen the movie , muslims are portrayed in a very good way , its the christians who are portrayed as war mongering dicks . 
  thank you my friend , at work ca n't listen/watch youtube . 
  picked the first one , 
  it will happen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ez6wfjwvcei, 
  i think france and uk are close to being equal , i 'd always put our troop quality over theirs and any other nation ( usa specifically ) . 
  but in pure equipment quantity , it just is n't there for uk at the moment . 
  uk military is not so powerful any more :(, 
  you 'll be wanting a poliskit soon !, 
  these immigrants are taking our jerrrrrrrrrrbs !, 
  skilled i agree , improving our economy is a double edge sword . 
  remember the strain you guys put on our schools , roads , nhs etc. 
  english is no longer the dominant language here , its a mixture of indian/urdu/ee , i do n't like that . 
  i think the poles are now at 1mill , i cba with finding proof . 
  any way , i like brexit , i like poles , i liked europe , i do n't like eu . 
  lets be besties , and you send your hot girls over because ours are mongs ? 
  deal, 
  therir labour * are building our new roads , schools , infrastructure and our money * building their new roads , schools , infrastructure . 
  hopefully thats correct , i need no panzer tanks !, 
  thats because our money is building your new roads , schools , infrastructure . 
  pope needs to be more concerned about his growing legion of kiddie fiddlers . 
  ( ie priest ), 
  belgium is n't the eu , just because the capital of the `` eu '' is there does n't mean i do n't like belgium . 
  lets get this very clear , i love europe , i have an ee partner for over 4 years , i speak fluent french , i lived with frogs at uni ( top banter with them ) , i have lived in finland , i have visited nearly all the countries in europe and outside of the frogs i ca n't say a bad thing about europeans . . but i dislike the eu . 
  it 's not my flag . 
  if there was a war involved with the eu , i 'd flat out refuse . 
  for uk , i 'd do anything . 
  for those slim balls in brussels , nahh no chance . 
  what a waste of money, 
  i sure their new 1million plus guests will keep this law . . 
  when they become in charge !, 
  actually you left wing idiots listen to what he says . 
  if your going to build factories in mexico and then import the cars to usa he 'll want to tax you . 
  basically he 's saying if you want the usa market , build the cars in usa and stop being cheap skates . 
  and fuck the eu, 
  would usa/canada/russia / china/india/australia have laws dictated to them by a foreign country ? 
  by nationals who are putting their own self interest first ? 
  by countries so small , that they are insignificant in the world . 
  would these countries ( well you could bring up nato ) allow a foreign policy set by other nationals with their own agendas . 
  ie germany wants a pipe line through syria , so circumvent the need to use russian oil/gas . 
  therefore the eu army could take uk to war . 
  my biggest fear is afghanistan/iraq v2 , eu army goes to war with russia ( which they are pushing for ) and we are dragged into it . 
  lets talk about germanys decision to allow 1million refugees in without uk consent , potentially giving them eu passports in 3-5 years times , and then free access to uk and our benefit system . 
  how is that fair on uk ??? 
  lets ignore the fact that uk sends significant amount of cash to allow these former ussr countries to be on a similar level playing field as us . 
  i see a couple of positives with the eu , free movement to travel . 
  but working does n't really suit uk as we do n't work in the eu . 
  we do have a retirement folk in spain tho . 
  52 % voted to leave , thats 17,410,742 votes  i am quite sure holland + france will be leaving soon as well , ca n't wait to see the eu go , it 'll be on par ussr collapsed  . 
  actually thats wrong , its german lead , so it 'll be on par of when the nazi 's lost the war :o), 
  freud was german/austrian right ? 
  why was he love in with his mother ? 
  oh i thought it was to claim benefits , bearing baby poliskis with british passports and stealing our jerrrrrrrrrrrrbs !!!, 
  maybe we should have a cultural exchange with britain . 
  maybe you 'll understand why we are leaving , 
  what about mr farage  you 're not laughing now , are you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7le5gpjpbe, 
  where were these guys during ww2 ?? 
  oh right , did n't have england to pay for the army . 
  edit ; thats a troll / bait comment , 
  i am as anti eu , as you 'll find . 
  though there are positives to come from it . 
  for the future of europe , i honestly believe less is more . 
  i believe the eu should be dismantled in its current status , the euro kept ( if thats possible ) . 
  no longer is it a union/country of nations based upon laws and treaties but more of a collective group that work together . 
  ie like the gcc , which is a trade block , free movement . 
  there is no union in the world such as the eu , that should really say how effective it is . 
  it is n't, 
  germany is full of hot air , might as well use it efficiently . 
  edit ; for people who do n't understand this `` i am saying they are full of shit '', 
  yet the next ref will be holland or france ... 
  it 's time to end this madness . 
  come join us on the dark side , 
  perfect , see you in france in 10years ? 
  have a trust for xmas . 
  ill bring tea , can you bring the football ? 
  let 's be honest we do need to learn how to play football again . 
  quality not quantity ... 
  holding back the salt of the the eu !!, 
  its very obvious , you just do n't understand british mentality . 
  70 million and currently the 5th largest economy in the world , and eu biggest exporter , people will listen . 
  i do n't think the uk is better than any other country . 
  i regard the germans very highly . 
  i love europe actually , i think its a fantastic continent , but i do not agree or like the eu . 
  there are two separate entities . 
  anyway , you say we have n't had war , whats happened in kosovo/bosnia , what happening in the street of france where free speech no longer exist , the beaches of greece .
