i know , they were highly regarded . 
  see this is what annoys me with this sub reddit . . cheap digs at the right or anyone with a opposite opinion . 
  usa has many problems , yet cherry picking stats to brush over the problem helps no one . 
  sweden has a very public problem with rapes by migraints . 
  this needs to resolved urgently . 
  do n't worry , we 'll be calling all our kids the same name soon !, 
  look at the maths mate , 10,000 or so brits who would be there to work . 
  similar culture and lifestyle or 2million that hate you . 
  i know what i 'd pick, 
  now we are on the same fucking page !, 
  how about you turn around those 2million economic migrants back as well, 
  so you want to import crime ? 
  wtf man ? 
  i banged a girl from bosnia once , tall as fuck . 
  literally reminded me of the trees in lord of the rings . 
  yet she was hot ? 
  well try just piss of the frogz , just give us a referendum . 
  germany would be higher if it was n't full of ... 
  we will forever be in europe , just not in the eu . 
  that ca n't be right , i 've seen larger in uk . 
  edit i have this is wrong , compare that to englands https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welland_viaduct, 
  ahhh , the much fable ( will happen eu army ), 
  i feel so guilty about what we did , i really do . 
  i will go to jamaica and apolgise right this second . 
  great banter you two , good work . 
  an unemployable mexican vs a frog who were allied together , having top bants in language they fought against . 
  that 's what happens when you feel guilty about your colonial past ( which you had no control over ) and therefore let in all of the empire ; to make amends . 
  an unapologetic brit . 
  be grateful , if it was n't for us we 'd be speaking french or german . 
  * i shudder at the thought *, 
  i find there is a direct correlation between the eu and king leo . 
  and now the rulers of the eu ... oh i am gon na get downvoted so hard for this comment . 
  ahhhhh ... me personally no , thats because i worked aboard but on a uk contract ( high salary ) which forced me to pay my loan off . 
  but i know alot of expats in uae/hong kong who have done that . 
  wait wait i got more , why do n't you get that degree with massive amount of loans , then leave the country and not pay the loans back . 
  oh fuck you , you wannabe frog !, 
  not yet my highly qualified , yet cheap labour eastern european friend , we still have 2 more years to eat all the p\u0105czki we can :d btw , no one will read this as its so low , only you because you 'll get a notification . 
  there is a lot of unnecessary racism from some `` brexiteers '' ; there is a portion of us that like ee workers , even like europe ( french are idiots though ) but we just do n't like eu and the lack of sovereignty that being in the eu provides ; basically do n't take it as slight against you or your country , 
  i know it 's full of bloody foreigners !, 
  it is time ; god wills it !, 
  i know , `` english two face '' she calls us !, 
  i think she 's just a nutter to be fair . 
  everyone i 've met from lithuania is slightly deranged :d ( in a good way , its always fun , and full of beer ), 
  she 's from kaunas , and hates vilnius with a passion . 
  we live in uae , and she went back for the week , she was looking online at bars and stuff to do ( because she has n't been living there for that long ) , `` oh vilnius has lots of nice new bars , it looks really nice now '' and no word of a lie looked at me with the most serious face . 
  `` do n't you fucking tell anyone i said that , especially my family '' ahahaha what a riot she is . 
  my misses is lithuanian , shes pretty much a nut job . 
  but anyway , she says `` lithuanians , hate the poles , full of jews '' , then about 10mins later talks about how lithuania had land to the blacksea ( ignores the poland commonwealth part ), 
  any of these anti eu ? 
  meh , i agree but disagree , 
  but they are foreign ... different passport , currency , country , language . 
  wiki says ireland ; way to many pakistanis for my liking https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom, 
  i am not catholic - burn !, 
  suomenlinna https://www.google.ae/search?q=suomenlinna&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi4kcv5henrahuel8akhutncgeq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1015&amp;bih=622 also you have some star forts in hamina , 
  yes ; and yes she does have power . 
  her word has alot more sway than people know , charles on the other hand not so much . 
  is this the case where you do n't believe it to happen unless see it ? 
  like for example your own women are being raped left , right and centre but you do n't believe because you do n't put your dick in them ? 
  i am shocked we are india , are you sure this is correct . 
  i read it was poland as well . 
  we have like a billion poles, 
  how on earth do you even build this ? 
  it has to be modern , no way could this of been medieval block/brickwork skill, 
  it 's a shame , because even as a hard line brexiteer ; i would be up for this . 
  there is a middle ground which we can all work together , it should n't `` you left us go eat shit a die '' quietly sobbing in the toilet , i miss you england !!, 
  it should be , okay buddy you do n't like us . 
  we can still be friends and i 'll still be your guy , but we are no longer best buddies . 
  no england does n't ' exsit , we are british  something you will never beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  no , its the nickname of the phili eagles  http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=iggles i support the packers but i just like the username iggles . 
  i am 100 % english , maybe a little norman in me but that was so long ago we can look past that !, 
  anyway , i am quite sure the normans were kicking german immigrants asses in england  . 
  anyway , iggles look cute , do n't cha think ? 
  it does to me , like in the same way germans thought mass extinction of race was cute , 
  anke_dietrich , does n't sound very english . 
  i guess you are german . 
  therefore , you want your eu superstate ran , and controlled by berlin ... you are just wanting to create your 4th reich ... 
  i think number 2 is the best way forward . 
  item number 3 is why uk brexit , we do n't want to be part of a eu superstate . 
  we are n't out the eu baby , not even said we are leaving . 
  so technically we 've lost 26 % of its worth due to being in the eu . 
  i just mind fucked you, 
  18.6 % ( lets not round it up to 19 % ) congrats there is your eu !!!!!!, 
  cool fortress !, 
  hopefully its the ones radicalizing our universities with utter racist , sexist and leftist filth . 
  are you for real , i nearly spat out my drink in laughter . 
  civil war . . does that ring abell to you ? 
  racial segregation in the 60s ? 
  ps the answer is 1865 , 
  one for the wank bank !, 
  no , i am english and not particularly a `` nationalist '' , not sure what that even means ? 
  i like indians , ee , asians and europe ( part form the french ) and i refuse to apologise for modernising this world  ... unlike the jerries who are planning on taking back europe 500 years :(, 
  i would n't mind bringing back normandy , have a nice little cottage in le havre . 
  it 's interesting to note that slavery has been around from the start of human civilization ( first example is nearly 8,000 bc ) , yet it was britain that first abolished slavery with the slave trade act on march 25 , 1807 , making the slave trade illegal throughout the british empire , which is a good 30 years before queen vic even came to power . 
  so why do n't you go read a history book , learn history before you sprout utter shite , 
  you could try to invade us ; the last time germany led an army we had to come over and spank their bottoms !, 
  why would you want british troops to be told what to do by foreign countries ? 
  lets say france wants to go in to mali ( for whatever reason ) should uk troops be put on the line for france problem ? 
  no way . 
  anyway we all know this is just to coutner-act the non russian problem . 
  really ??
