  - war in indochina lost . 
  french forces plead sickness ; take to bed with the dien bien flu - algerian rebellion lost . 
  loss marks the first defeat of a western army by a non-turkic muslim force since the crusades , and produces the first rule of muslim warfare ; `` we can always beat the french . '', 
  this rule is identical to the first rules of the italians , russians , germans , english , dutch , spanish , vietnamese and esquimaux . 
  - war on terrorism france , keeping in mind its recent history , surrenders to germans and muslims just to be safe . 
  attempts to surrender to vietnamese ambassador fail after he takes refuge in a mcdonald 's . 
  after having their way with the french for 70 years , the norse are bribed by a french king named charles the simple ( really ! ), 
  who gave them normandy in return for peace . 
  normans proceed to become just about the only positive military bonus in france 's [ favour ] for next 500 years . 
  - mexico , 1863-1864 . 
  france attempts to take advantage of mexico 's weakness following its thorough thrashing by the u.s. 20 years earlier ( `` halls of montezuma '' ) . 
  not surprisingly , the only unit to distinguish itself is the french foreign legion ( consisting of , by definition , non-frenchmen ) . 
  booted out of the country a little over a year after arrival . 
  no one but nature to fight , france still loses ; canal is eventually built by the u.s. 1904-1914 . 
  - napoleonic wars . 
  should be noted that the grand armee was largely ( ~ % 50 ) composed of non-frenchmen after 1804 or so . 
  mainly disgruntled minorities and anti-monarchists . 
  not surprisingly , these performed better than the french on many occasions . 
  french defeated by rebellion after sacrificing 4,000 poles to yellow fever . 
  shows another rule of french warfare ; when in doubt , send an ally . 
  - india , 1673-1813 . 
  british were far more charming then french , ended up victors . 
  therefore the british are well known for their tea , and the french for their whine ( er , wine ... ) . 
  ensures 200 years of bad teeth in england . 
  - barbary wars , middle ages-1830 . 
  pirates in north africa continually harass european shipping in meditteranean . 
  france 's solution : pay them to leave us alone . 
  america 's solution : kick their asses ( `` the shores of tripoli '' ) . 
  [ america 's ] first overseas victories , won 1801-1815 . 
  - 1798-1801 , quasi-war with u.s. french privateers ( semi-legal pirates ) attack u.s. shipping . 
  u.s. fights france at sea for 3 years ; french eventually cave ; sets precedent for next 200 years of franco-american relations . 
  - moors in spain , late 700s-early 800s . 
  even with charlemagne leading them against an enemy living in a hostile land , french are unable to make much progress . 
  hide behind pyrennes until the modern day . 
  french-on-french losses ( probably should be counted as victories too , just to be fair ), 
  battle of britain lasted july 10 , 1940 -- october 31 , 1940 ( so 3 months basically ) , not really a past time , btw we won the battle of britain with zero help from the traitors frogs !, 
  where else the frogs have been battered her enemies ( england + germans ) pretty much since its creation . 
  100 year war seven years ' war waterloo + all the other battles ww1 ww2 veitnam war ( the one before usa ) , 
  so much salt from the frogs . 
  a countries military history that 's full of defeats, 
  you have to remember before ww2 usa was n't a super power  it was the industrialisation of the country for the world wars that made it a super power . 
  we were n't waiting on usa , france surrendered before we could do anything . 
  that 's complete and biased bullshit . 
  you are forgetting battle of britain , and other battles in north africa . 
  at least claim that we used polish ace fighters . 
  nope , you have confused facts and history with fiction . 
  it was definitely the french women ( and men ) sucking jerry 's dick for free . 
  whilst england ( on their own ) took on the biggest evil this world have ever seen . 
  the yanks did help , a little . 
  still police of the eu . 
  anyway , it starts as support service , then they get power , then it becomes the police of the eu . 
  remember when they said there was no eu army ? 
  why do we need an eu army if we have nato ? 
  why should the eu determine uk foreign policy . 
  last time germany tried to be the big guy it did n't end to well . 
  we have to accept the eu will become one country soon , if you do n't consider it one now ( i do )  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union, 
  yes it does https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europol https://www.europol.europa.eu/, 
  gramps was to busy taking down vichy france , 
  why because i disagree with the concept of the eu ? 
  i disagree that a man from luxembourg can vote fairly on laws that wo n't be biased towards his own interests ( and at the expense at other countries ) . 
  that i disagree with an eu army . 
  the i disagree with the future of a united europe states . 
  that i disagree that uk should n't be paying to help fund / property up ex russian states . 
  i love europe and the people , i dispise the eu . 
  germans are n't this stupid , yet they are being played as fools here by a bunch of goat herders, 
  joining the eu , thats gross . 
  leave its a failing police state . 
  there would be an ikea standard colour in the specifications of the building facade + branding , all companies have this . 
  its how they brand them selves . 
  i thought the french flag was just a plain white flag , waved furiously in the direction of the germans ? 
  its easy a fuck to get booze . 
  i have an alcohol store that is underneath my tower . 
  i 'd never had that in uk . 
  as willy says , if your white your life style is fantastic here . 
  it really is n't religious here . 
  it 's a party life style , 
  probably why she refuses to work , and just wants english babies now . 
  career tip , move to the uae and get more money  source ; sqs in abu dhabi  my gym buddy is polish for t&t, 
  lol , good luck europe !, 
  anyway nato has no concern of eu . 
  so lefrance , can back down . 
  ( as always ), 
  i seen a couple of comments about people not being able to speak the language . 
  maybe that was acceptable in 2004 , but in 2017 english is wildly available . 
  i am aware lithuanians were taught russian as their second language only 20years ago , now its english . 
  yum https://www.google.ae/search?q=kobliha&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjum6_fu7frahxcj8akhs3tbucq_auiccgb&amp;biw=902&amp;bih=610#imgrc=9mhrwq5ygkyqpm%3a, 
  powering 1,000 homes would consume more energy than powering 1,000 flats in a tower . 
  100 % carbon free means after the construction cycle . 
  thats bollocks again . 
  skyscrapers save space , ie they build into air not the ground . 
  also you can make a building as sustainable as you want , depends on the client . 
  i am currently working on a 100 % carbon emission free tower . 
  souce ; am construction engineer . 
  that 's a load of bollocks . 
  you could say england gives development aid to scotland yes ; because that is true . 
  but london to uk , grow up . 
  i 've only really had a couple of experiences . 
  first polish women i met , was a qualified mid-wife , she was a cleaner on a construction site . 
  my partner family are all very very poor . 
  except the brothers side that are millionaires through the `` mafia '' , they do n't talk about it .
