it is n't unique to the anglosphere at all . 
  italians are obsessed with polish/ukranian/romanian / russian women too , even though italian girls always win in the end . 
  - fatness i would n't blame it on the government . 
  in italian schools you find vending machines , but most people do not buy anything from those and prefer bringing fruit from home . 
  go to a cafeteria in italy , they sell '' sfogliatelle '' and other sweets made of '' pasta frolla '' , each of them has 457 calories ( 457 !!! ), 
  but most people just wo n't buy them , we like taking care of our looks and being fit . 
  - hollywood movies it 's hard to avoid them !, 
  - boring sense of humour that 's a stereotype . 
  some stereotypes make no sense , the '' italians are lazy '' one is a good example . 
  - unattractive people most americans are fat , so a lot of potential decent-looking people are obese and some of the fit ones are ugly , that makes it hard to find good-looking , fit people in your country . 
  also , a lot of white americans have those nordic facial features that italian people just are n't attracted to !, 
  italians are closer to hispanic looks , and we 're attracted to that kind of looks . 
  - the fact that you 're terrible dressers makes the situation even worse !, 
  it 's ok , anyone can wear what they want , italians like fashion and looking fashionable so that 's why we might think you 're bad dressers . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  - obsessed with races well , who cares whether someone looks , mediterranean , nordic , central european , or scandinavian ? 
  the human races are three , let 's keep things simple !, 
  - america is not a safe country those things never happen in italy , because nobody is supposed to have a gun . 
  so you 'll never hear of some freak who woke up in the morning and simply decided to kill half the country . 
  that 's why italians consider america a dangerous place . 
  - fat well , that 's true , so it is n't a bad stereotype , just the truth !, 
  - rude , unfriendly and stupid that 's because of your hollywood movies . 
  you all come across as self-centred , shallow , obsessed with being cool and trying hard to be so etc. 
  the american movie industry thinks those tv shows and movies make america seem cool , but no . 
  - boring sense of humour - bad dressers - bad hygiene - no culture come on , it 's cool to be italian/french/british , we all have an ancestry to be proud of , and a definite one . 
  what 's cool about being a bunch of immigrants with no heritage ? 
  americans do not exist , you 're mixed . 
  - american women are easy can confirm . 
  lol . 
  - not really attractive people again , america promotes hot celebrities all the time , but they are n't that attractive , and most people do not look like them anyway , it 's so fucking hard to find good looking people in a country where most people are obese and the few fit ones are not attractive anyway !, 
  the fact that you 're terrible dressers makes the situation even worse !, 
  - obsessed with race ok , as an italian , italy has racism issues too , like any country , but we distinguish between : white , black , asian . 
  americans distinguish between white people , latins , hispanics , asians , blacks . 
  they are an encyclopedia of sub-races . 
  pathetic . 
  i was told by an american that i 'm not white ( not that it bothers me ) just because i have hispanic facial features , but my skin is white , so what else should i identify as ? 
  black ? 
  pathetic . 
  they do not seem to understand that white does n't mean scandinavian or british !, 
  - america is not a safe country , you 're a bunch of crazy psychopaths . 
  everyone has a gun ... like , seriously ??? 
  most people in my country do n't have a problems with americans anyway . 
  when they travel to our country , we 're friendly to them . 
  stereotypes are just stereotypes . 
  i 'll be honest : nobody says '' wow america , i love it '' , so the opinion about americans is not good , but when we meet one , we just do n't care that they 're from america and we treat them like we treat other italians . 
  that 's because our '' bad opinion '' does n't have anything to do with racism , we are n't racist against americans , we just think you 're rude so if an american is friendly , we 'll be friendly too . 
  the current one . 
  he 's a cool fella . 
  first of all , as an italian i might be biased , but objectively , italy is much more beautiful than portugal and spain ( and a better country in every single aspect ) , france is the only european country that is as beautiful as italy , so , unless you 're considering france , italy is the obvious choice !, 
  where in italy ? 
  it depends on what you 're interested in , but all of them are appreciated by most people . 
  well rome is not the most developed city in italy , the most developed part of italy is north italy , not central italy and south italy , so i 'd move it to milan , but i want rome to be the capital . 
  it 's where the roman empire started , and as an italian , i 'm proud of being a descendant of the greatest ( and coolest ) empire ever !, 
  '' we have beaten morocco , farae islands and san marino '' onnea !, 
  i did n't necessarily mean italy , even though i 'd obviously say that it 's arguably the most beautiful place in europe . 
  where did you go in italy ? 
  rome , naples , venice , florence , milan or turin ? 
  all of them are really beautiful in different ways . 
  you like the night life ? 
  then choose milan . 
  you want to see beautiful natural places ? 
  naples . 
  you like monuments ? 
  then rome and florence . 
  and venice , everyone needs to see it in their life , it 's considered the most beautiful city in the world . 
  the u.k = not necessarily london . 
  or england for that matter . 
  ireland and scotland have some beautiful natural places , both are massively underrated . 
  france = not necessarily paris , even though it 's obviously the first city to see there . 
  but they also have lourdes , versailles , lyon . 
  norway , finland ( and maybe sweden too , but i 'm not sure ) are much more beautiful than germany too . 
  so , in my opinion , germany is the worst choice . 
  i 've been there ( because of my friends ) , it 's a dull country , especially when you have all those countries a few miles away . 
  there 's nothing germany can offer more than them . 
  it 's less beautiful , and when it comes to night life , italy , france and the u.k are good too and lively !, 
  i have never heard anyone say '' i 'm travelling to germany this summer '' , most people only want to see berlin but i was disappointed . 
  most people who have been there say that it 's an ugly country . 
  nope . 
  the welsh might support england and viceversa , the swiss might support germany or italy , but all those countries are not going to win anything in football . 
  wales , england , switzerland etc. 
  are small clubs and not relevant . 
  italy is the biggest football club in the world , so i 'd never want the spanish , the french etc. 
  to be as successful as us !, 
  i do support finland though because i like the country , but they never win a game so it 's kind of pointless . 
  italian here . 
  dress like a rich kid , gel your hair so much that you can bright the whole town if there 's a blackout , act like a gangstah and you 'll swim in wet pussy . 
  why those countries when there are much better places in europe ? 
  germany is so dull , and so are belgium and luxembourg . 
  it 's my favourite non-eu flag and it reminds me of a 26 year old american bitch i fucked last summer , and i 'm 21 . 
  let me get this straight : you consider it part of heritage when it was not yours ? 
  the fact that the roman empire extended to your country is not relevant . 
  the roman empire was italian ( well , roman , but you get my point ) . 
  holland , or the netherlands , whatever you call it , was just a province !, 
  i know i 'm a bit late but i 'll answer anyway : - regional identity is very strong in italy . 
  that 's one of our greatest problems actually , not a single region considers itself truly italian , but from lombardy , piedmont , tuscany , etc. 
  this is a mentality problem . 
  italy is more than just a geographical region . 
  the current country already existed after the fall of the roman empire , but a lot of people ignore that anyway and say that italy was never a country . 
  they just focus on the fact that it was divided but ignore the fact that it was n't supposed to be divided and that it had already been the same country as today before . 
  most of those who think that way are leghisti ( lega nord members for anyone who 's not italian and does n't understand what leghisti are ) and they 're clueless fools with a '' let 's go back to the polis era '' mentality .
