  wow , this surprises me, 
  but they still tended to their colonies . 
  not gon na lie , felipe ii was a good king and he kept many promises he made when portugal was `` annexed '' . 
  the other ones fucked up and yes , we are independent . 
  portugal started as a small county during the `` reconquista '' circa 1128 , and in 1179 d. afonso henriques was officially declared king of portugal by the pope , and portugal was recognized as an independent country, 
  because portugal is not a state . 
  it only became part of spain for less than a century because we had no successor and felipe ii of spain was the grandson of a previous king ( manuel i i think ) and that did n't work very well for us . 
  the first felipe was a good king , but the following 2 successors did n't give a crap about portugal and it 's colonies , and many colonies were taken from us by the dutch , and spain did nothing . 
  portugal has been independent since 1143 , and it 's older than spain for a few centuries, 
  so why does n't spain become part of a great portugal ? 
  why does n't austria unite with germany again ? 
  why is poland not part of germany if they were part of prussia ? 
  i was asking a question , and you are being an asshole, 
  pretty obvious troll ... 
  why are n't italy regions also pushing for independence if it 's about money ? 
  and the whole spain is in crisis , suddenly becoming independent wo n't change that, 
  why are the spanish regions so focused on being independent again ? 
  heil god is way better, 
  we make fun of ourselves mostly, 
  the thing is , the curriculum is very different , in all subjects . 
  and when it comes to reading , in portuguese and english schools , mandarin is optional , so it 's probably a mix between the mandarin/cantonese , portuguese and english subjects, 
  what is the macao data based on ? 
  portuguese , chinese or english schools ? 
  or a mix ? 
  the feminists want to tell women what to do , while saying `` do n't tell women what to do '' honestly , i 'm thankful there is n't a big feminists movement in portugal because of crap like this, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_bhxmym0s0 this will fuck your mind even more, 
  only east poland, 
  well , at least most know where portugal is . 
  it 's not that hard to find geographically , but ` muricans, 
  i 'd be pretty good at placing asia , europe and some south african countries and south american, 
  so we are paying farmers not to produce , and paying fishermen to overfish ? 
  can anybody explain to me what 's the whole point of farming limits ? 
  probably big private lands , like farms, 
  props to danish for making my favorite beer . 
  does wine count as pure alcohol ? 
  time to bring ** the freedom **, 
  * their tea drinking habits come from us * best buddies since 1373 * harry potter ( been to hogwarts , because coca-cola ) * extremely heavy and greasy food * pubs, 
   chances are spain/portugal may have taken over the globe and then we would end up losing it because it was too vast for so few people to manage, 
  * hong kong * macau * dubai * portugal * spain i 'm living in two countries and i travel a lot, 
  it came from china , but it 's pronounced tch\u00e1 . 
  i 'm living in macau , and this was one of the first things i learned . 
  tea is pretty big here, 
  you could also say that the native americans were n't probably the first `` legitimate '' owners , but they are considered to be the first , because you know , `` history '' and legitimate ? 
  being a legitimate owner requires laws and shit and in those days there probably were n't many laws about land ownership, 
  historically the portuguese are considered to be descendants of the lusitani , which were a celtic tribe . 
  kinda like france and the gauls, 
  nowadays , yes , because the mentality is different but if you go back in time , you probably would not have that right . 
  basically , the land `` belonged '' to the celts . 
  then came the romans , and took it . 
  then came the `` barbarians '' from the north , that did n't last much long because the arabs took it then , with the help of france , came the called reconquista ( reconquest ) which began from the region of ast\u00farias . 
  those christians were most likely , in great part , of celtic ascendancy . 
  it was kinda like taking back stolen land unlike america , it was n't sudden , so the cultures kinda blended in . 
  this is probably why you guys in america have so many troubles with racism . 
  because different cultures were suddenly forced upon each other , and they never blended, 
  america is a country europe is a continent , and cultures differ very much from country to country . 
  the eu did n't even exist when all those things you say , happened , so grouping all the members of the eu is pointless ( just like it is now ), 
  so you 're implying america has never done ethnic cleansing ? 
  because you 're basically living on stolen land, 
  holy shit ... 
  questions, 
  still hurts, 
  you have to drive outside of the borders to get decent bread in china, 
  portugal is still a catholic country , and somehow , people tend to accept gay people even my grandmother that goes to church almost everyday , thinks gay people should be allowed to marry, 
  yuropean jography is really hard . 
  there are so many continents in just a single country, 
   why did n't both coal-fired and natural gas-fired power stations produce 70 % less electricity ? 
  their output remained the same , while the energy output produced from renewable sources has increased, 
  corruption is everywhere , in every country, 
  this is probably not relevant to this case , but that is somewhat outdated in some cases for example , in macau the legal drinking age is now 18 , although you can easily get alcoholic beverages although the european countries seem to be updated, 
  the legal drinking age probably plays a huge role here, 
  / r/murica wordcloud is full of `` freedom '' `` damm '' , `` commie '' and `` patriot '', 
  i 'm living in macau , and the eggs you find are us eggs , or chinese eggs i really do n't know which one is better . 
  maybe i should try and find some portuguese eggs . 
  back in portugal i buy eggs from farm chickens ( not the ones cooped and shit ), 
  nope , because of smog china is the new england, 
  shit , you 've just open pandora 's box, 
  try doing the portuguese one . 
  easy as fuck, 
  because we suck at hiding our debts, 
  can we keep madeira ? 
  took me a while, 
  it 's a small country , so there 's no need to move away just for personal space, 
  water, 
  cereals ... 
  people used to eat bread on every meal also . 
  now that `` tradition '' is dying my grandparents still do it, 
  i just use a fork, 
  wait a second . 
  is olive oil full of calories ? 
  in portuguese you can also call it floripa https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/florian%c3%b3polis ctrl + f shows 5 results, 
  we just do n't have any money for drugs, 
   you would n't be blaming religion if the crime were perpetrated by a christian . 
  a lot of people would, 
  i lived in china for 3 years and aussie banter does n't even hold a candle to chinese banter all insults sound a 10x worse in mandarin and 100x worse in cantonese , even when you speak it, 
  so they died in cova da moura ? 
  turkey just delayed even further their eu membership, 
  he already has, 
  i did n't see lisbon, 
  never saw one in lisbon, 
  just like in the good old days,
