it 's more poking than stabbing, 
  filipinos generally are the ones with have low paying jobs in southern china , doing stuff like washing dishes , cleaning houses , etc. . . 
  despite all that most filipinos i met are pretty laid back and nice people overall, 
  well , it really depends . 
  i live in macau and it 's more of a racist thing , because most filipinos are desperate blue card workers that take all of the low wage jobs . 
  sometimes you 'll get a shitty service at restaurants because you 're not chinese, 
  yup , and they 're a fucking hazard . 
  i 've lost count of how many times i was almost stabbed in the eye by an umbrella, 
  i was told by a southern chinese that they do n't like getting a tan because they 'll look like filipinos, 
  it 's just the old russian flag but upside down, 
  ** i have no territorial demands !, 
  hijacking top comment to post this link http://liveuamap.com/ live map of what 's happening in ukraine . 
  there are a lot of military convoys crossing the border, 
  / r/beer should be called / r/americancraftbeer, 
  no , i do n't watch those either, 
  last night i was bored and skipping through tv channels , and i found out i could watch rt. 
  tried it , and almost every news was something that portrayed the eu or the us in a negative way at first it was amusing , but then it got pretty boring, 
  only european kids will get this !, 
  well , it was the same thing with george zimmerman . 
  racial problems sell a lot of papers, 
  various news agencies have reported that a russian military convoy crossed the border around the same time, 
  nah man , we already help each other whenever it 's needed . 
  there 's a lot of cooperation with portuguese and spanish firefighters for big fires, 
  i also support an united europe , but it 's not possible at the moment . 
  maybe in 50 years, 
  i mean , we sure make it look like it 's romania 's fault, 
  bacalhau com natas is way better, 
  he just talked to me about the overall situation . 
  that 's the only specific i can remember because it was an inside joke in our group for a while, 
  now you 're getting all butthurt over the anti-russia circlejerk ? 
  portugal and spain do n't depend on russia because we get our gas from north africa, 
   really do n't like putin and the current government , but when an article is published by the `` christian science monitor '' , i at least want direct sources before i believe it . 
  you should , because it 's just poorly named . 
  it has won 7 pulitzer prizes , and it has been around since 1908 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_christian_science_monitor, 
  except for portugal and spain, 
  b-but east ukraine wants to join russia because of the eu facists !, 
  my best friend is russian . 
  he moved out like 10 years ago . 
  i 've known him for 8 years or so . 
  he lived in a neighborhood with barred windows , so yeah , just that says a lot about russia, 
  i went to a catholic school ( with nuns ) until my 6th grade and i was always told not to take everything in the bible literally . 
  i was never taught creationism , but it was mentioned a lot in classes that involved religion, 
  everybody is too busy looking for potatoes to eat, 
   an american he also mentioned this once when they went through a checkpoint, 
  do n't forget that in the donetsk region , pro-russian separatists went around trying to stop people from voting, 
  this is also the attitude in portugal . 
  we 're still a very catholic country , but almost everybody that i know is like `` i do n't care , let them do what they want '', 
  more tourists = more people to rob . 
  and robberies can go wrong it 's not a difference between south and north sympathy , there are just more worthy targets in the south, 
  nope , just too many tourists on the south, 
  by energy it means gas and oil right ? 
   their military is almost entirely conscripted . 
  ready to fight for union !, 
  us : dropping pirate ships since 1776 it makes sense . 
  pirates are free, 
  set\u00fabal ( under lisbon ) is definitely yellow, 
  that 's the old one . 
  the newer ones are electronic and the coat of arms is on top . 
  we 've also got the eu symbol on another note , this also happens in non-chinese schools in macau, 
  it has its uses if you 're into anal play, 
  i feel so stupid . 
  i thought that the state of washington was where washington dc is and that seattle was a state where the state of washington is, 
  we do n't talk about eurovision anymore !, 
  start playing real rugby , 
  everything is jumbo size in america, 
  wow , seattle legalized cannabis ? 
  valve will finally be able to come up with ideas for hl3, 
  i actually like american football . 
  i 've been a seahawks fan for 2 years . 
  did n't manage to see the superbowl live on tv though, 
  in my opinion , countries that sell citizenship should be kicked from the eu, 
  see my other comment below . 
  i said first europeans, 
  we were the first europeans too reach south america , the first europeans to reach india by the sea , the first europeans to reach japan and the first europeans to travel around the world also , there are doubts marco polo ever went to china , because there are no records of him , and at the time , the chinese already kept records of everything , so maybe we were the first to get to china, 
  at least we discovered other continents ... 
  your comment reminds me of what happened im portugal 2 years ago . 
  heavy protests near the parlament , and protesters are throwing lots of stones against cops , and they are just standing there with shields . 
  after a while , the police warns that they are going to charge in 10 mins , so if you dont want to get involved , get away from the area . 
  lots of people got hurt despite the warning . 
  lots of people were claiming police brutality , but it was the only way to restore order and honestly , we dont have many problems with cops here, 
  because obama is the new hitler, 
  do n't take spanish regionalism lightly, 
  but as a colony, 
  because equality and hard work ? 
  sure , you can be born in a wealthy family , i can deal with that , but if you 're born in a privileged family i ca n't deal with that ( by privileged i mean being above the law or certain laws ), 
   would a frenchman have a right a view on monarchy ? 
  france was once a monarchy . 
  all countries in europe were once monarchies but anyway , i agree we with you , hating or liking monarchy is a political view and it has nothing to do in being born in a monarchic country, 
  if portugal was included , germany would be the least trustworthy and the most arrogant we hate merkel over here, 
  serious question . 
  what is the goal of the terrorists committing this attacks ? 
  are they like eta and ira that want to become independent ? 
  check your corruption privilege, 
  we wanted independence because spain did n't give a fuck about us and our colonies after felipe ii died . 
  if catalonia becomes independent again it wo n't change their economic status, 
  that 's why i said `` i consider '' . 
  not really used to countries being called states, 
  we are independent like germany and france is independent . 
  by state i consider something like in the usa , an autonomous region with it 's own laws but not a country, 
  we are n't one of the most corrupt countries ?
