you 'll likely be better off asking in the regular tourist [ faq threads ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/6dxju0/coming_to_london_faq_for_visitors_and_new/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=london ) over on / r/london . 
  you 'll want to supply as much info as possible as to what you are looking for - ie , buildings , nature , people , night , day , whatever . 
  the more you can tell us , the better answers you will get . 
  true !, 
  in fact , one day i 'm aiming to do just that , but the costs for doing it on my own will require quite a bit of saving up first ... 
  in the unlikely event of me moving countries , i shall be sure to choose one of the beautiful places , cheers !, 
  wyoming . 
  as few other people as possible , really pretty scenery , wildlife . 
  i have a strong feeling that nothing will be agreed . 
  given that the eu are going to reasonably ask for the uk to pay for things they 've agreed to , but that politically the uk government ca n't agree to do that , we 'll end up with no deals at all . 
  so they 'll end up having to leave - maybe given 6 months to apply for a visa or go , something like that . 
  strong and stable big macs . 
  it depends what the sex worker would like to do during their visit . 
  it consultant i love it . 
  it 's never the same , i get the choice to travel , i 'm always learning new things even after 2.5 years , though in related jobs for a 10 + years prior . 
  in most jobs in my sector ( tech ) 2-4 years . 
  however my current employer is so good to it 's staff , that i struggle to consider moving on . 
  it would take a huge huge pay offer to get me away . 
  no - recent anti-eu sentiment is seeing us pull out of a lot of agreements which were the only hope for slowing it down . 
  no , thankfully . 
  i feel it 's the biggest threat to our survival but because it 's a series of small changes rather than a big one at once , we wo n't notice it till it 's right on top of us . 
  the past few years of refuge crisis we 've seen in southern europe is going to look like pocket change compared to what will happen when large parts of major countries become uninhabitable . 
  [ this map ] ( http://geology.com/sea-level-rise/netherlands.shtml ) shows the effects of a 7m sea level rise in europe , which is predicted to occur by the end of the century at the current rate of average temperature increase , planetwide . 
  i eat less meat , and stick mostly to white meat ( reds are both less good for you and the environmental cost of producing them is huge ) . 
  i recycle , and i try to be as renewable/less polluting as i can . 
  all the time , i do n't even notice it . 
  * shrug *, 
  constant , and everywhere . 
  i live in london . 
  i get a tax statement every year . 
  it 's about 17 % of the tax i pay that covers it . 
  works out at $ 280 usd a month , but i earn about twice the national average - low earners can expect to pay 1/5th of that , so about $ 56 usd a month for unlimited coverage , if you earn minimum wage . 
  every time i visited germany i got killed to death . 
  which was great because it saved me a flight home , i just respawned in my bed . 
  it 's a lovely part of [ the world ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/kinloch+hourn,+invergarry/@57.1060773,-5.3828451,15z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x488ebeee3921000b:0x84111ebc8b191fae!8m2!3d57.108708!4d-5.38542 ) - i just noticed there 's streetview available on that single track road , so i can pretend to be there ... 
  urban foxes are very common in london , i probably see about one a week or so . 
  in scotland there are managed herds of deer and highland cattle - i 've been a few meters from both . 
  [ this ] ( http://ourmooncolony.co.uk/ohai.jpg ) was taken from my car , for example . 
  what the hell is a discover card ? 
  oops showing my limited knowledge of portugal :( how about pastel de nata instead ? 
  i accept francesinha as payment , 
  i really enjoyed lisbon , for a good mix of things to see and do , and reasonably priced . 
  aha , that explains why you always see those on the tube with like 8 cases !, 
  eh , i copied and pasted a comment , it was hardly effort . 
   its no secret that in the past few years terrorism and general security has been a serious concern in many countries . 
  i do n't get why constantly , americans have national paranoia about this stuff when their own country is far more dangerous . 
  it 's almost weekly that they ask these things over on / r/london . 
  no other nationality ever asks . 
  you might ponder that . 
   we 'd need eight brussels-size attacks per year to bring our homicide rates to nyc levels  also http://theantimedia.org/10-things-more-likely-to-kill-you-than-islamic-terror/  americans are 55 times more likely to be killed by their tvs falling on them . 
   781 times more likely to choke on your food . 
   15 time more likely to be killed by a lightning strike . 
   us police are 130 times more likely to kill you than a terrorist is . 
  in fact , the biggest threat on that planet to you right now regardless of your nationality is heart disease , so get exercising and stop eating so much crap . 
  it is a staggering 35,079 times more likely to kill you . 
  hot weather is 6 times more likely to kill you . 
  stay cool . 
  bed pillows are twelve times more likely to kill you , so watch out for those vicious bastards . 
  electrocution is eight times more likely - watch what you touch !, 
  toddlers killed more people in 2013 than terrorists did , so i 'd stay away from small children too . 
  alcohol is 4,706 times more likely to result in your death . 
  watch the beers !, 
  you are 271 times more likely to die in your day job than be killed by a terrorist . 
  drowning in the bath ? 
  5 times more likely to kill you . 
  you have equal odds for being hit by an asteroid from outer space than you do of being killed by a terrorist . 
  i 'd join an astronomy society just in case . 
  you are four times as likely to be eaten by a shark than to be killed by a terrorist . 
  food poisoning is three times more likely to kill you . 
  burning yourself to death by tap water which is too hot , twice as likely . 
  dying from a fireworks accident , ten times more likely . 
  but you survived 4th of july , so you might be ok . you have roughly equal odds of being president of any country in the world - although i imagine your odds of being killed by terrorists then go up quite a lot afterwards . 
  on the positive side , you are about 15 times more likely to date a supermodel . 
  fingers crossed . 
  no , you may not , mwhahahaha !, 
  ok fine , go on them . 
  a london friend moved to vienna this year , she seems to really like it . 
  i wish i was able to be so mobile so easily . 
  [ here is the 2015 london nye fireworks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxk-7ta21kw ), 
  about twice a year if it 's a quiet year , but if work sends me abroad it can be a lot . 
  i visited like 8 countries in 2015 , but only 2 in 2016 . 
  as an idea , what about portugal ? 
  very accepting country , great weather , good food and lots of culture and history around . 
  there is n't a number i have to stick to . 
  my holiday allowance is ` uncapped ' . 
  my last job i had 27 . i 'm on track for 40 days this year . 
  plus 8 national holidays . 
  dreams of estonian world domination crushed again . 
  i walk 7 mins from my house , along nice streets , to the train station . 
  along the way i pass 5 takeaways , 4 corner stores , 3 hairdressers , a cafe , a few charity shops , and misc others i 've never paid attention to . 
  i travel for 40 mins to work , and walk 3 mins into the building . 
  while at work , i am surrounded by 3 major shopping centres less than 2 mins walk away , plus an entire city within 20 mins travel on the tube . 
  when i am at home , i can walk to any local shop i may need within 45 mins , or get a train or tube to those further afield , with travel ranging from 10-60 mins . 
  within 20 mins walk are 3 major supermarkets , any of whom i could use online delivery to get their stuff delivered to my door at a time of my choosing , including evenings and weekends , should i wish to . 
  none of these activities require me to drive , and the monthly cost of doing so is cheaper than maintaining a car would be , as well as insurance fuel and other costs . 
   i mean , it has the potential of starting a war russia . 
  what you mean just like when turkey did it and oh no wait they are now close friends with russia again . 
  surely the dutch are the * last * people you should be asking how hard it is ? 
  how do they know ? 
  i used to send to to my sister in germany - now she 'll have to send it me back !,
