  * there was n't a time in history when people , working in low skilled jobs for minimum wages could afford your describe lifestyle . 
  7.30 at which time zone ? 
  vive la revolution !, 
  i 'm very sorry for our marriage ^ r.i.p, 
  goes to vasaros g. 5 for a few years , to comprehend over five centuries of cultural , technological and all other developments . 
  not mentioning the fact that he probably would n't understand our language, 
  so much bullshit in only three first sentences . 
  you 're right about people seeing deism as more plausible possibility . 
  and i 'm one of those people . 
  main reason of that is , how you mention , because theistic religions ( most if not all ) focuses on personal god . 
  they say that you , that special snowflake , are more important than enything in the universe . 
  meanwhile deism says that most important thing is universe itself . 
  this deistic believe comes from our knowledge about universe . 
  we know ( so far ) that there are at least 2 trillion galaxies in observable universe and that itself is just a tiny fraction of whole universe . 
  on the other hand , traditional religions comes from the times when people believed that earth is the centre of the universe . 
   so a deistic god would have no reason to create anything . 
  at least a theistic god has a reason to create . 
  it wants relationships with more conscious creatures , or something like that . 
  there are plenty more reasons to do something , than just a need of interaction . 
  universe might have been created for observation , as much as by-product of some other action . 
  the whole non-interaction thing focuses not on purpose , but rather the thing that humans are n't more important than everything else in the universe , therefore there is no point for god ( - s ) / creator ( - s ) to interact with us . 
  you clearly never fucked a hologram, 
  whoa there . 
  that concerns just me and my holopads, 
  please explain how lithuanian issued manuals of self defence in case of military conflict or occupation * are * aggression toward someone ( - thing ) and russian civil defense training involving 5-10 million ( according to western media ) 40 million ( according to russian ) people nationwide * are n't * ? 
  not trying to attack you or anything , just want to clear up some things . 
  i guess you know after what event sanctions were applied to russia and reinstated conscription . 
  so how comes lithuania , or any other country , should n't harm rus / * ( insert name of a country here ) * relations , while russia has a free pass to fuck things up . 
  maybe there are people , that are interested in history , that could tell me the year , or at least century of this picture ? 
  thanks !, 
  worked for me fine, 
  if your goal is to get drunk , then yes . 
  but if you want to taste specifically lithuanian beer , i 'd recommend vilkmerg\u0117s , ma\u017eas alaus cechas , raudon\u0173 plyt\u0173 , etc. 
  you 're right . 
  we all should be learning to live like and celebrate such great winners as mao zedong , joseph stalin , kim jong-il . 
  for one , they never lost anything, 
  actually hitler never won any kind of nobel prize, 
  you can check for yourself : https://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/, 
  not instead of cake , but as a side desserts, 
  personally loved and recommend reading albert camus `` the myth of sisyphus '', 
  i recall reading the stranger in school as mandatory reading and not giving much thought about it . 
  thanks for reminding me , i 'll need to give it a second look, 
  if i get what transhumanism is all about :, 
  talking about altering body , when this technology is developed enough ( and i 'm talking about hundreds years in the future ) put me first in the line !, 
  personally i do n't consider our bodys anything more than just `` mechanism '' ( i guess there is a better word for what i 'm trying to say , but you get me ) . 
  now , if something goes wrong with a part of mechanism you fix it , and if you can change that part with one that is best at its job and will newer break , you do it . 
  but if we consider altering our intelligence , psychology , personally i would n't go for it . 
  not saying i 'm against it . 
  i am who i am because of my view of the world , memorys and how i cope with thing . 
  i mean as much as i hate myself , i love who i am , and would n't change a thing ( again , talking about personality ) . 
  now , can i be considered to be a human ? 
  short answer : i do n't give a dam . 
  if at this moment my brains would be taken out of my body , and attached to a garbage can , but i would be able to think the way that i 'm doing it now , i 'd say that i 'm human . 
  point of categorizing things is to make our lives easier , not to get into existential crisis wondering should we call robot with lab rats ' brains in it a robot or a rat . 
  edit : would to would n't, 
  edit p.s. 
  it 's as appropriate as i make it . 
  maybe my concept of deistic god is god ? 
  this ai n't any kind of problem, 
  it 's actually a poem by one of the most famous ( if not the most famous ) lithuanian poet maironis ( jonas ma\u010diulis ), 
  i 'm aware of those things . 
  just used brain to simplify my point . 
  i think the approach is creating such robot forms that your cerebellum would n't even need to adopt to it . 
  i know that this is wrong in many cases , but if i see a word `` revolutionary '' or something like that on a self improvement book , article , etc. 
  i just ca n't force myself to read it, 
  if you could tell more about this book , might read it after all , 
  i do n't like to be nitpicky , but that usa and ussr example is very wrong, 
  if i 'm not mixing something up , he already talked about this and answer was yes, 
  this morning i was standing in a bus stop , listening to music and lost in my thoughts , as usual , and noticed that some people were staring at me as if i 've just insulted their mothers . 
  then i realized that i was conducting with my hand all over the place for the last five minutes or something like that . 
  surprisingly enough , my reaction was that i laughed at myself ( little too loud ) and continued conducting till my bus arrived . 
  this event uplifted my mood by 110 % for all day . 
  hope you all have a great day, 
  using same logic , one could argue that even * you * that 's inside that body can not exist in any other time except now . 
  for example 5 years ago me would say he would never do thing * a * , but todays ' me would say * i 'll do a any day without hesitation * . 
  so if my personality , ethics , view of world turned 180 degrees , am i the same * me * ? 
  do n't know just a thought . 
  that thing with a body being different ( or not ) is [ ship of theseus paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ship_of_theseus ), 
  i remember all these characters , but i ca n't recall what 's the name of this cartoon , any help ? 
  personally , if my only options were to get shoved `` american democracy '' or `` russian `` democracy '' '' , i 'd stick with the first one, 
  yeah , it 's like first i opened `` cosmos '' and thought * neat * , about `` travelers '' it was like * wow , this is even better * , but with the third one ( `` travelers '' ) it was like * this is it , but could we adopte # 2 nds side picture of humens to this ones art style ??? 
  thanks , it 's already on our route , 
  would you suggest centrum nauki kopernik ? 
  also , in your opinion , is it worth taking 3 hours out of your plan to visit auschwitz ? 
  it 's a matter of if we take ~ 3h to see location itself , or arriving at bratislava 3 hours earlier and seeing more at there, 
  yeah , i 'm counting 3 horse at location itself . 
   especially if you take kids, 
  in this case i 'm being the kid ( 21 y/o ) interested in history / science / cosmology, 
  the lack of punctuation is hurting my brain ^ no ^ offence, 
  for a long time i really disliked watching sports , would it be team or individual . 
  but recently i started to really enjoy watching my national teams or athletes participating in world scale events . 
  i guess being from a small nation of ~ 3mln people it gives sort of feeling of pride . 
  ( knowing there 's nothing for me personally to be proud about , but still ), 
  i did , live in lithuania , so my parents already knew it . 
  although thanks for those links, 
  personally i 'm most interested in the bottom row . 
  are these chinese ( not sure if it is , just my guess ) , ddr , and third reich coins are rare , or just simply interesting ? 
  talking about interwar lithuanian coins , no promises , but in period of two months , i might have some . 
  write me pm if you 'd be interested, 
  1 penning is 1968 and 1 ( chinese something ( sorry my incompetence ) ) is 1961 .
