in this situation personal identity card or passport would be best to have , drivers license would be good if you would n't have those two and i 'm not shure about student card , but ( only ) in my opinion , it would also work if it would be your only id, 
  also , you would n't get in trouble if you would n't have any , but your testimony in court would n't count as trustworthy, 
  i consider myself agnostic deist . 
  as you said , agnostic , because i do n't know the truth and because of that i ca n't just stick with one set of believes . 
  as my knowledge widens i must to be able to accept new things . 
  deist , i guess , because first - i was raised as christian and at least roots of that is stuck within me , so until now i ca n't totally dissociate myself from believing in some sort of greater being . 
  second - i can personally relate to them , because i ( personally ) believe that there should be some sort of diety ( s ) ( it may wary from old dude with a beard to some sort of computer genius ) , that started our universe and since then have n't interfered with it . 
  on all other things that considers religion almost all deists have different points of view , and i really appreciate that . 
  i would n't say brand of deism  . 
  but i personally strongly doubt in any kind of afterlife . 
  i just think that there is nothing significant about us ( in theological way ) , in comparison to other live beings . 
  in this case if there is one , well , it 's the same as ameba 's, 
  edit : i agree to what you said : '' ... need to have some sort of indifferent creator and i think , for now , it fills the question of our ultimate beginning '' , because i know that this question wo n't be answered in my lifetime , so my believe just helps to fill this gap , and move on , never bothering about it again, 
  i could help you to practise lithuanian lnguaga via skype . 
  if you 're interested write down your username . 
  bust first let my ask how good you 're at english , because i have no knowledge of france language, 
  you did n't ( tried to imply that by smiley face ) , no need to apologize . 
  maybe i 'm just holding on deism because i ca n't understand how could everything become from nothing . 
  after all , we shall see at the end, 
  lithuania, 
  i think what he meant by structured religion was : religion that is based on set of '' unquestionable truths '' like christianity , islam , buddhism , etc. 
  as opposite to believes that does n't have '' all required attitudes toward all questions '' as deism , agnosticism , ignosticism , etc. 
  by 18 i started to have big doubts about religion that i was raised in by my parents . 
  and at the age of 21 i realised that religion is only the `` sidekick '' of my life and not the meaning of it , so i stuck with deism , as it was most accurate with believes that i have, 
  and a month ago they were mortal enemies :d, 
  lithuania . 
  last country to surrender to crusades . 
  grand duchy of lithuania was one of the largest country in europe in the 14th century . 
  it 's commonwealth with poland , and their first modern constitution in history . 
  well yes . 
  gdl accepted it , because it was the only way for lithuania ( gdl ) to be recognized among others european galib . 
  if our rulers would have wanted , this country could have stayed pagan untill who knows when ... 
  it fits into etc. . . . 
  hello , this is mom universe . 
  yes , the children are playing swords . 
  sorry , playing with swords . 
  they are bleeding . 
  oh no , they are dead . 
  do n't call again . 
  a kind of shit , that is called advise , to do n't take shits, 
  i do n't think that god intervenes with universe , so there is no difference to me if it has emotions or does n't, 
  and what is the difference if i do n't ? 
  even if the person is led by uncontrollable psychological condision ? 
  i see you understand this question was n't meant to you , but still , thanks for your answer , 
  and why person could n't be forgiven if he did `` that thing '' captured by the humanly impulse , and would regret it by all of his hart ? 
  and if person believes in third party , and prays the rest of his life for forgiveness ? 
  but if that man prays every day , sincerely asks for forgiveness , learns that what he 's doing is wrong , but ca n't control it ? 
  tell that to a 6 billion of the people of the world, 
  yeah , by , you it 's the matter of personal belief , but that 's not what i 'm asking , 
  it depends on what you call god, 
  ok . for example lets imagine that our universe is artificially created microverse . 
  in that case creators of such universe has advanced technology to do this and it does n't include any supernatural stuf . 
  then they would be our creators , and some people might say gods, 
  edit : it 's just one of many possibilities, 
  as legit as this site might seem ( or be ) , i doubt that this is anything more than just a way for people to make easy money . 
  just my opinion, 
  speaking plainly logically , this field is like a grey area . 
  we can make as much sustainable arguments for god , as against it . 
  for now we do n't have proves for any side . 
  thats why we have phylosophy, 
  i 'll try to explain from my point of view . 
  i identfy myself as deist because , first - i was raised as christian and at least roots of that is stuck within me , so until now i ca n't totally dissociate myself from believing in some sort of greater being . 
  second - i can personally relate to them , because i believe that there should be some sort of diety ( s ) ( it may wary from old dude with a beard to some sort of computer genius ) , that started our universe and since then have n't interfered with it . 
  on all other things that considers religion almost all deists have different points of view , and i really appreciate that . 
  agnostic , because i do n't know the truth and because of that i ca n't just stick with one set of believes . 
  as my knowledge widens i must be able to accept new things . 
  sorry , but as a visual artist , i had to downvote this , because i see this as equal as just posting three dots ( yellow , green and red ) and posting it as lithuanian flag . 
  just my opinion, 
  i 'd suggest second aproach . 
  police here is n't as bad as it might seem . 
  and with third one most realistic outcome is that he will call cops on you, 
  well socdems are more in `` nothing is happening , all is good , let 's move on '' stage . 
  edit : talking about greens , their party is too mixed . 
  who knows what might be in there, 
  there seriously are people that think that 's how man should talk , or talks ? 
  i 'm aware of that , but i just simply ca n't get my head around the fact , that there are still , literally , millions of people , supporting him, 
  found good [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_parliamentary_election,_2016#electoral_system ) page about this years election . 
  might help, 
  104thousand people out of 7.4 billion and 63 countries out of 193 + in the world . . ? 
  that 's convincing, 
  great scenario . 
  i 'd love if this would appear on alternative history hub on youtube . 
  just try to contact cody personally . 
  edit : p.s. 
  if after all effort , you would fail , contact me via pm , i might success , 
  hey . 
  do n't really know what to tell you , that might help , but i 'll try to answer the last part . 
  it depends on your and the country you 're applying for laws . 
  in my country ( lithuania ) you 're not allowed to have dual citizenship , so if i 'd want to become uk citizen , i 'd have to give up my old one and if i were uk citizen and i wanted to become lithuanian , i 'd have to give up uk 's, 
  i do n't know what awaits after death , therefore there is no point for me to worry about it . 
  furthermore , it 's not like we had a choice . 
  if you 're into philosophy , i really like a. camus approach to this : '' ... there is no more meaning in death than there is in life ... '', 
  i wanted to point out the myth of sisyphus , but i thought it would be a little too far from the topic , 
  ** plainly hypothetically : **, 
  if russia is planning to invade nato , trump , or no trump , they would still go for it . 
  nato without usa still matches russia by military power ( not counting nuclear ) , so if any part of it would be invaded , the ww would brake out and i doubt that usa would stay neutral . 
  if usa would leave nato ( what is almost impossible ) , the only thing that changes is that russia would gain a huge boost of confidence and might execute that plan sooner rather then later . 
  my thoughts :, 
  * today americans works approximately the same amount of hours , as they were in 1950 . 
  on the other hand , in germany people now work twice less , in france 1.5 times less ( compared to 1950 ) .
