  sure , just remember that line when it comes to common energy and defense policy , or relations with russia . 
  anybody is all for solidarity when there is business in it , sadly . 
  and to russification during century prior . 
  not excusing how our government treated minorities , but great rus is a fever dream , belorussians and ukrainians have right to be their own thing not a part of something . 
  balts and germanic of prussia were conquered by , you know teutonic order , a german one . 
  as for post wwii violence jews were 2 % of the victims while being 1 % population . 
  this means that a jewish person was 2 times more likely to be attacked than statistical pole . 
  which is horrible , but highlights a total breakdown of social order in poland after wwii . 
  it was not a jolly polish family , after a supple dinner , returning from evening stroll , going to round up some jews and burn them in the barn , cause it 's good for bowel movements . 
  it was a land in which everything uncivilized and barbaric has already happened in past years and it was just yet another day of surviving the horrors . 
  also show me a country/nation which did n't destroy a culture , committed genocide , and conquer a country ... you do know that france was sending bills to germany for railway transport of jews to concentration camps , do n't you ? 
  you see just because what it means to be lithuanian is nuanced and not white and black does n't mean that poles lving in the former grand duchy are the `` real '' lithuanians , and the balts are allowed only to call themselves samigotians or \u017bmudzini or litwacy or whatever . 
  you also conveniently gloss over the fact that most of the duchy 's commoners were ruthenians , not lachs i heard belorussians saying that lithuanians stole their name and capital . 
  and of course the idea that anybody gave 2 shits about nationality before xix century is laughable . 
  family for nobles , local community and religion for the masses . 
  wilno was a part of internationally recognized lithuanian state . 
  poland had claims to this region , but that does n't excuse acts of violence in breach of international law . 
  even if citizens of wilno and poles everywhere were overjoyed by return of the city , i consider that landgrab a bad thing . 
  especially seeing how much ethic purges , resettlement , and drawing borders by 3rd parties after wwii ultimately destroyed what was left of commonwealth legacy . 
  ukraine , lithuania and belarus had , and to small extent still have claims to polish territory , not only of the ii republic but even modern . 
  same with poland and many territories that still have a lot of poles living there for centuries . 
  such common history should be a ground for cooperation not a casus belli . 
  i do not oppose the idea of wilno as a part of poland . 
  i much more prefer to have poland not invading it 's neighbor though . 
  over and out . 
  it 's not the same . 
  neither is today polish equal with historical polish . 
  and judging from your post history you are very narrow minded when it comes to lithuanians . 
  welp . 
  i had history of the polish eastern policy on university , and studied it mostly with ukrainians , russians etc. 
  professor was polish though . 
  here is nice reading list for you https://usosweb.uw.edu.pl/kontroler.php?_action=katalog2/przedmioty/pokazprzedmiot&amp;kod=3620-mg1-ppw1, 
  you are right that szlachta was a political nation , but it does n't mean that it belonged to larger polish natio . 
  especially not before the partitions . 
  those not existing lithuanians kept causing quite a lot problems while defending their interests . 
  nations as we know them formed pretty late , and lithuanian is as legitimate as polish . 
  to believe that one country has right to annex part of the another by force is what brought all the calamities of xx century on poland . 
  commonwealth of both nations . 
  and the fact that rus did n't become the third one costed us not only our freedom , but also enabled moscow to undo everything we done in the east . 
  wee were greedy and shortsighted , we shat into our own nest . 
  poland soured relations with neighbours to the point where they considered cooperating with nazis rather than us a better option . 
  we needed allies . 
  national identity is a complex thing and lithuania as a nation had rights to not want to be a part of poland . 
  while wilno and surrounding areas were ethnically polish , they were part of lithuania . 
  taking it from them was a breach of peace and international order . 
  hard to sneer at yalta and defend the fact that we were taking parts of the other countries according to our own interest with no regard for others . 
  again it 's not black and white . 
  i just think that the legacy of commonwealth is a beautiful thing and it 's sad to see how much it was destroyed by petty nationalism on all sides . 
  i think we could have been much more . 
  our unyielding view of commonwealth as just great poland is so ignorant and i believe it costed us and continues to cost us a position of a leader of the region . 
  and this is where we disagree . 
  world is far form black and white . 
  you see the whole secret addendum dividing all the countries between them is what clearly separates ribbentrop molotov and normal non aggression treaties , like the ones poland had . 
  sphere of influence is such a diplomatic way to describe what happened . 
  german soviet cooperation was certainly not cordial , but it did exist and german diplomats even asked su about attacking india . 
  the extent to which germany cooperated with ussr despite being in anti comintern pact , really soured their relations with japan , to the point where japan was actively helping polish intelligence . 
  also does n't it really strike you as a bit weird , that 2 countries that have no borders whatsoever and are not much of a naval powers have a non aggression treaty ? 
  soviet union had a awfully close relation with iii reich for a country so outspoken about fascists everywhere, 
  you see the problem is that polish actions were 100 % unjustifiable . 
  but we like to paint ourselves as pure and innocent victims of world wars and accuse everyone of betraying us . 
  either we accept that there is only realpolitik and every beneficial action is justifiable , or we admit our sins while not forgetting about our virtues . 
  so russians are justified in defending russian speaking minorities in ukraine , baltic states and kuiper belt as they please ? 
  and germany had all the rights to gda\u0144sk and sudetenland ? 
  attacking other countries , no matter how roundabout the way , and how much sugarcoated is not defending your country . 
  no , su ca n't be called a part of axis , it was an actual treaty that su did not sign . 
  su was however hitlers ally , bound by treaty that they upheld in 1939 , and 1940 , great liberators of europe were somehow absent during nazi invasion on france . 
  this can not be said about poland in any way . 
  that does not equal polish innocence , but we have much better track record when it comes to dealing with nazis than most of the world i dare to say ,, 
  not really the same logic . 
  ussr and iii reich actually had a treaty regulating their cooperation . 
  poland did not sign munich memorandum . 
  just jumped on occasion and performed a stupid land grab . 
  not excusing what we did , but apples and oranges . 
  japan did propose to include poland into the axis treaty . 
  poland refused . 
  and as much as participating in partition of czechoslovakia was a heinous and stupid act , poland did not sign munich memorandum . 
  we were acting in the same way as hitler , and at the same time , but not together with him . 
  would n't call it long time . 
  only in the ii republic . 
  communists had no bussiness in denying crimes of pi\u0142sudski . 
  and in modern poland every schoolkid knows exactly what happened . 
  patriotism is a belief that `` patria '' - fatherland is the greatest good . 
  nationalism is the belief that nation is the highest form of social order , the ultimate community . 
  one can legitimately disagree with such worldviews , because of their incompatibility with their personal belief system . 
  not because they follow the line of the other party . 
  well maybe people are different and have nuanced opinions and every political or else option has idiots that take it into extremes . 
  nobody should say that ironically calling such moron a member of `` patriotic youth '' will offend 90 % of the country . 
  neither will 90 % be happy with that . 
  i must be living in a complete bubble then . 
  i have like literally 1 friend who would consider himself a patriot and not even nationalist . 
  and even among further friends i do n't run into that sort of people . 
  this bullshit has nowhere near 90 % of support . 
  well that is certainly not fair . 
  i know nothing about energy in netherlands so i do n't feel like i 'm qualified to comment . 
  it would be nice if it would be possible to phase out coal both asap and without hurting countries with no good alternatives . 
  common energetic policy for eu could help . 
  while i agree that greed is unsustainable , we are talking power generation . 
  not part of the economy , but absolute basis . 
  poland is moving away from coal , but it still will be long before it can abandon it . 
  also improving power plants means , that , while they will be burning more coal , they will be much more efficient , allowing to phase out older stuff quicker .
