  honey everybody is all for cooperation as long as he gets something out of it . 
  the neutral one , cyclist . 
  more . 
  of course . 
  but actually poland does not approve that much refugee applications . 
  work permits are a different matter , but still it 's not like they are being para-dropped on ukraine . 
  then syrians can apply for refugee status , or work permit in poland , i see no problem with that . 
  polandball laughs at every country . 
  i am just saying that ukrainians ca n't tell whether or not their country will be safe for the next decade . 
  i would n't want to gamble on that when choosing where to settle . 
  they do not apply for refugee status so they are not refugees of course , but still this is not purely economic migration . 
  is a gay who leaves country he ca n't get married in a refugee ? 
  not wanting to preach that the end is nigh , but current situation of whole ukraine is unstable , it is perfectly understandable to not want to settle in the safe part of the country which future you are unsure of . 
  i heard we were to take 10 000 people . 
  and i assumed they would be treated like 80 000 chechen who we took . 
  i do n't see why refugees should receive more than many pensioners ... this is not money for fleeing for your life , this is money with which you can have more comfortable life than many poles who lived an honest live and no suffered no tragedy other than being born into poor family . 
  i 'm not sure if that really counts as `` attempted '' . 
  if it does i do n't want to know how succesful looks like . 
  also i do n't think it really changes anything about the fact that red army soldiers were preying on german civilians . 
  current rapists probably also would like to say that they retaliate for what west did to their region , or something . 
  at some moment the cycle of retaliation has to stop or everybody just loses . 
  preferably that moment would be step zero . 
  apart from everything i listed , what would stop forginerns from applying for the same positions if they would be higher paid ? 
  competition ? 
  you know that would be an issue for nationals too ? 
  if we are going for `` lets just do something '' fix why not cut benefits ? 
  suddenly being unemployed would become more problmeatic and young nationals would find more incetive to work for less pay . 
  creating more competition that would push out some immigrants . 
  equally `` effective '' . 
  the wage rise would be conjured from air . 
  big companies would n't try to ship work abroad , or find loopholes at all . 
  small companies would do just fine with their conjuration skills . 
  neighboring countries which did n't adopt similar policies , would n't push more expensive products of the market . 
  everything exists in vacuum and each problem has straightforward solution . 
  well eastern european countries have the same problem . 
  looks like the real problem lies in how young people are educated , and how economy works . 
  as long as there is demand for skills that not enough nationals posses there will come someone who will do it . 
  you remember that one asshole ( no , i wo n't give his name ) who wrote some manifesto about how woman treat him badly and are evil , and shoot people ? 
  quite a lot of those people were male . 
  it was then deemed inappropriate to discuss that crime in any other light than a hate crime against women . 
  all crimes , all abuse needs to be stopped . 
  but lets do n't pretend that it happens in vacuum . 
  it 's like pretending that every single german was responsible for wwii . 
  do n't pick on those poor nazis !, 
  of course the fact that nazism happened means that there was a problem with germany as a whole . 
  but some people were more ... problematic than other . 
  they adhered to certain ideology , belonged to certain organisations , you know . 
  of course crimes were committed on innocent people when nazis were purged . 
  but still there are people adhering to that ideology . 
  enough of them for mein kampf returning to bookshelves to scare some people . 
  current situation is a crisis because there are no easy solutions . 
  hard ones are not going to be pretty , there will be deals with the devils , they will be innocent hurt . 
  there already are . 
  the sooner we will all realize that not only we ca n't keep everybody happy , that *** nobody *** will be happy , the sooner crisis will end . 
  i am not calling for panic , not preaching doomsday and saying that it 's time to abandon all values . 
  but if we are going to refrain from even discussing harsh truth , hard choices because it makes us uncomfortable , then we are n't going nowhere . 
  flair disclaimer : i do not , and never had supported current polish government . 
  no , not a fan of previous one either . 
  i am torn on quota issue - poland could process that amount of people easily . 
  they still keep coming though . 
  and they are unwilling to cooperate with authorities of countries they want to stay in . 
  they do n't want to go to poland . 
  keeping them in would practically mean keeping them behind fence , at gunpoint . 
  i do n't see solution and i think that 's scary . 
  edit : after morning coffe and stuff , night rant looks a bit ... ranty ... 
  lets just say that this dose n't exactly belong here . 
  i think thought that twitter acction is not exactly productive still . 
  there needs to be strong message `` what happned was unacpetbale , and will never happen again '' no buts , no ifs . 
  no `` muh nation '' no `` muh feminizm '' no agenda , no congratulations . 
  just people from all sides of political scene standing together until the end of this , even though they would like to be anywhere else . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but you know ... red army ? 
  what pis needs in constructive criticism and competent opposition , not making them a bogeyman . 
  despite all that national - catholic bullshit , we have transgender mp , gay president of a big city etc. 
  i would like to think that the conception of nation state is going away , but we can not deny the fact that nation is still very alive concept . 
  current resurgence of right wing movements only proves that . 
  as long as we will be throwing hitler in their face they will just take it with smug smile . 
  because such accusations are very easily counterable , and they can answer them with much more class that they can muster when they face opponent who actually has some arguments . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's not like auschwitz reopens next week . 
  it 's the matter that people got fed up with po waving blue flag with stars and pretending that it solves anything . 
  now people will think that pis actually does something because they wave red and white flag and occasionally deliver burn to big mouthed german . 
  hope that we wo n't need another 8 years before we realize that we are accomplishing nothing either way . 
  i grind my teeth agreeing with zbigniew `` zero '' ziobro . 
  as much as i disagree with poland 's current government and do n't want any of those people reelected , current histeria is not only pointless , and comes from people not knowing what they are talking about , but also improves pis image - they can say that those `` degenerate westerners '' are afraid of them . 
  budapest jews were among the most integrated into their home societies . 
  hungary actually lost relatively small percentage of its jews when compared with other countries of the region . 
  well then we can agree to diasagree , because i am not really involved but quite interested in the country i live in . 
  my family was even on some protests during po rule ( not really into giving details ) . 
  conservatists have some really weird fetish about national capital . 
  while since before wwi it was clear that no country in the world can be independent - only interdependent . 
  general motors is owned by chinese , british media outlets are russian , japanese gambling is ... north korean . 
  of course it is naive to think that it is not relevant for political pressure in those countries , but this does n't mean that location of capital = full political allegiance . 
  german companies that own some of the polish media do not mean that those media answer to merkel . 
  full stop . 
  well then why you remained in a country in which po reigned for so long ? 
  i like this country , i like my culture , my home my fellow countrymen . 
  i disagree with current government . 
  not breaking any laws while doing this . 
  and for the sake of everyone , lets hope that is not about to change . 
  just want to say that pis absolutely loves to portray any private media outlet critical to them as german shills .
