  i can totally see them adopting some policy by which the `` good of the nation '' ( which is supreme to the law according to them ) will be used to police the private media . 
  and no , i am not a fan of previous government but lets be honest , that guys pissed on our heads , yes they even had an audacity to call it rain . 
  current ones take a big steaming shit . 
  and do n't even feel a need to sugarcoat it . 
  sincerely , `` the worst kind of pole '', 
  so 600 mile sea border ca n't be guarded , but hundreds of thousands of people who refuse cooperation , who illegally traversed multiple countries , including warzones , can and should be kept by force in countries they do n't want to stay in ? 
  people flock to very `` prestigious '' studies like law , medicine , etc. 
  the hardest one to get was paradoxically mine - japanese studies with 12 people per seat . 
  the problem is that some of those do n't really give you a job , because there is too many people studying . 
  really rare languages or technical and scientific studies can be really easy to get though . 
  my brother without very amazing matura scores was able to go to he cracov jagiellonian university to study informatics . 
  be warned though that just because studies are easier to get , it dose n't mean that you wo n't be thrown out if you underperform . 
  people tend to avoid studies that are not `` flashy '' and difficult . 
  sometimes they give you a decent career choice though . 
  furthermore if some university is known for some course , it will probably be much more popular . 
  polytechnics do have higher entry requirements for things like it . 
  to sum up , if you have a concrete choice in mind and you are working to achieve it , and do n't just want to study it because everyone else wants then there is a good chance poland has a free spot for you . 
  some are quite obvious like it i 've mentioned before , other are hidden gems - like studies of ancient east - i know it sounds like a joke , but apparently poland is a powerhouse in that matter and there are a lot of assyrian stone tablets to decipher and not enough people to commit to such unusual studies . 
  i have no idea , atm i am studying at department that offers scholarships to students from central and eastern europe , and in most of my classes there is only one pole beside me ( this year almost everybody is ukrainian , though professor say that usually groups were more diverse ) . 
  it seems that for folks without karta polaka or polish spouse , obtaining permanent residence can be somewhat problematic . 
  though again - the more ukrainians , even without polish ethnic background will be speaking polish , will be highly educated , and will feel connection to poland , the better for us . 
  well , we are in agreement them , just wanted to clarify that it is truly mutually beneficial situation . 
  well it 's not like there is lack of places at our universities , some very profitable studies are half empty . 
  and if we will educate their future elite , we will create strong bond between our countries . 
  eh looks like the situation is a bit emotional on both sides . 
  no germany does not try to build another reich , but it does n't mean that eastern countries should be happy when germany agrees with russia over our heads . 
  deal is simple - everybody wants something , and sometimes if you deny , you will be denied . 
  orban is a dick , romani situation is hard , but there are a lot sensationalized pieces in media . 
  funnily enough i had class at univeristy about romani , last friday , when discussing western point of view , it appears that people who actually write about romani seem to notice that their situation is so hard , not only , or even primarily because of racism , or their culture , but simply because economies of eastern europe are weak , and living there is actually hard for everyone . 
  as for energy - sure let 's hope that one day everything will be green . 
  no sarcasm here . 
  but this ca n't be done overnight and poland is way too dependant on coal . 
  and current regulations prevent us from closing old power plants and building new that would produce more electricity and less pollution . 
  coal is bad but far better than dependence on russia . 
  i see no dignity in austrian actions , only hypocrisy , they were crying the loudest about hungary and now are doing practically the same and even refuse to use the word '' fence '' . 
  also hungarian fence is at least on the outer border of the eu . 
  austrian one is on the internal one . 
  merkal statement is used by people smugling refugees to europe , yes we should help , but trust me it is not privileged stratum of society that will suffer the consequences of refugee crisis . 
  german natives that need social help will . 
  also how many germans are willing to work for minimal wage ? 
  i think that a lot more of those people will be among refugees . 
  politics are rarely made only because of ethics . 
  also do n't get me started on might poland . 
  refusing to comply with regulations is done in a way that is allowed by said regulations . 
  it does n't mean that anybody is trying to play superpower . 
  if poland could be forced to obey quotas i am sure majority would find a way to do so . 
  i have nothing against refugees coming to poland . 
  i just think that people who traversed multiple safe countries and sometimes even do n't want to stay in germany , but try to go further to sweden have proven quite hard to deal with . 
  they refuse registration , they throw away their passports . 
  we will get shipment of 10 000 people and then what ? 
  i mean we handled refugees in the past , so it 's not like we do n't have infrastructure and procedures , but they do not want to be in poland and they will not comply . 
  are supposed to keep them behind the fence with no legal basis ? 
  are we supposed to send them back ? 
  just let them go , so they will be left alone again and will try to go back to germany again ? 
  maybeee , lets start trying to limit their influx and realize that if the policy was to accept everyone and provide them with benefits them well ... maybe it 's a bit too late to ask other countries who thought it was n't the best idea to just take the bullet . 
  this is for now at least , union of countries . 
  germany may be strong and influential , and hopefully , has other countries interest in mind more often than not . 
  if there is a disagreement it would more productive if big countries were n't accused of imperialistic tendencies , and smaller countries were n't bullied into `` agree or gtfo '' you really believe that eu does not benefit from polish presence , and that problems poland raises are inane , made up by biased media , and will magically solve themselves ? 
  eu proves to be a great project time and time again , but it 's not perfect . 
  and making it better does not equal to everyone just shutting up and agreeing with germany . 
   then why blame germany for its media ? 
  because it organizes witch hunt . 
  people come had some weird idea that hungarian police is basically gestapo and came with care packages from austria and southern germany . 
  google how those miserable people accepted those care packages . 
  hint : politics of eastern european countries are not `` more dangerous than daesh '' . 
  and there is not thinly veiled nazism there . 
   it 's not solved when people are out of our sight but miserable in front of our fences . 
  germany did the right thing , i fully support this and hope for our politicians to finally start acting to speed up the process of being granted asylum , begin social housing programs etc. 
  you know why this is humanitarian * crisis * ? 
  because there are no easy solutions , no matter how heartbroken are we and how obviously unjust situation is . 
  germany unilaterally abolished dublin agreement , no matter how bad it was - paralyzing hungarians ability to act according to law . 
  hungarians tried to apply the law - refugee is supposed to be registered , and he will receive help . 
  they refused and camped train stations . 
  unregistered refugees flooded germany and now germany wants to ship them further . 
  how is that solving anything ? 
  there were reports in media of people being thrown out their houses to make room for the refugees . 
  there is war in middle east . 
  there is unfathomable wave of human suffering . 
  we ca n't help them all , we our heart may be bleeding but we ca n't . 
  no matter what solution will be applied , nobody will be truly happy . 
  also there are no refugees waiting outside polish borders to be let in . 
  if we will accept quotas there will be people behind fences here wanting to get out and go to germany and sweden . 
  also you seem to conveniently omit the fact that germany would like more workers . 
   will be more steady than those coming here from the ukraine . 
  then let 's have common european stance on ukrainian crisis , and energy . 
  also baltic countries and belarus exist too . 
  maybe even consider other , more stable gas sources ? 
  and maybe a bit more sane coal policy ? 
   as i said , building fences is not really an acceptable approach to solve the problem as it does n't . 
  yeah i do n't know what austria think it 's doing . 
  fence on the * internal * eu border . 
  time to watch out for vienna art academy dropouts . 
   yeah without nord stream 2 all would be happy . 
  it 's nothing more than a convenient reason for you to rant ( in a pretty crude way , you might want to change tone ) . 
  in politics nobody would be happy . 
  as for my rant , maybe . 
  but you are preaching from your high castle thinking you can just bash everything east of oder , ah why oh why does n't everybody just agree with us . 
  what their have their own problems and interests too ? 
  those particularists !, 
  where exactly did i said anything about polish media ?
