  they tend to be garbage too . 
  more often than not germany is a big partner for poland and vice versa and that 's great . 
  it does n't mean that everybody is fine and dandy though . 
  nord streams , are a prime example of germany being unwilling to work with its eastern neighbours on common energy security policy . 
  they prefer to appease their companies and let them have deals with gazprom that not only hurt economy of other baltic countries , but also look really awful politics wise . 
  germany does not force quotas on us - as we are denying them right now . 
  tbh as i said in one of the comments - 10 000 refugees would be nothing to take for poland and i would n't be opposed to accepting this . 
  the problem is that germany and sweden were very hostile to border countries when they tried to control the situation all according to law , and there was that fucking witch hunt in media - and now austria is building a fence , and germany suddenly came to realization that saying `` refugees welcome '' does not solve anything . 
  i repeat - refugees do not want to come to poland . 
  they refuse to be registered . 
  they turn down help offers . 
  they want to go to germany and sweden . 
  poland could keep 10 000 people in refugee camps and watch over them so they do n't go back to germany ( how exactly ? 
  those people fled war zones and traversed multiple borders , how tight security is supposed to be in those camps ? ), 
  i do n't like orban , i hate our current government . 
  i do n't mind that syrian guy who attends one class with me at university , i would n't mind 10 000 of them across the whole country . 
  but they do n't want to come here . 
  forcing them to stay is not a solution . 
  current escalation of the problem proves that germany and sweden does not have good idea how to deal with the crisis , and they tried to jeopardize border countries efforts on containing the problem . 
  quotas wo n't solve shit back to the drawing board please . 
  and if you expect us to speak in one voice with you , take gazproms dick out of your face , and do n't even think about saying `` crimea is russian , deal with it '' . 
  if you do n't like our current government , you would find quite a lot of friends here . 
  more and more with every day to be honest . 
  no big bad germany does not force everything they want on everybody . 
  but german media frames everyone who dares to have dissenting opinion , and tries to work in its own interest , as a paranoic crybaby , and someone who tries to destroy the union . 
  there are rules , according to which poland can make some decision , and you have to accept it . 
  it 's not like germany dose n't fuck us over when it comes to dealing with gazprom . 
  5 more nord streams please !, 
  why poland suddenly has to take one for the team and forcibly keep people that do n't want to come here in the first place , just because germany and sweden overestimated their capabilities ? 
  it 's not like syrians that do come here are denied . 
  my university even offers them preferable scholarships . 
  how is not agreeing to keep syrian refugees here against their will human right abuse ? 
  germans and swedes do not want quotas on the behalf of the syrians fleeing the war . 
  they want us to forcibly keep people who refuse the help we are willing to give them . 
  refugees want to go to sweden . 
  they do not want to go to poland . 
  you do n't hear in media about syrians being denied entry to poland . 
  germany and sweden fucked up by declaring that everybody is welcomed . 
  lo and behold , everybody came , there is not enough space and money for everyone !, 
  suddenly that nazi hungary was not that bad when they tried to control the flow of people . 
  austria is building `` not a fence '' . 
  and syrians are not welcomed to germany anymore - they will be send to the country germans will choose for them . 
  and that country then will be obliged to somehow keep them in . 
  be reasonable dear eastern europeans !, 
  take one for the team . 
  and no , when russia will propose some deal that will benefit germany and severely fuck us over , germany is not going to play as a team . 
  and we will be asked to be reasonable again - business is business . 
  how racist is telling to germany , sweden etc , who went out of their way to send message to the refugees that they can take them all and provide them with benefits that native poles could n't dream of , that we wo n't accept refugees that do n't want to come to poland ? 
  if you were a syrian and applied for refugee status in poland , you would get it . 
  are we supposed to chain those people and keep them in camps ? 
  they do not want to get registered here , they do not want to receive polish social benefits because they are laughable when compared with german or swedish ones . 
  poland accepted 80 000 chechen refugees , nobody has problem with that here . 
  nobody would have problem with 10 000 syrians . 
  but people are not going to take a bullet for germans and swedes , because when we try to establish some common european security or energetic policy , that would prevent russia from bullying us and other countries they singlehandedly declared their `` sphere of influence '' , germans tell us to be `` reasonable '' and proceed to suck gazproms cock . 
  it seems that if some country is in disagreement with germany the response is `` oh god just leave the eu already please . '', 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  german law does not . 
  and i kinda think that if some politcal expressions are banned becasue they are considered dangerous then idea of imposing sharia law on others should be among them . 
  if all symbols and ideologies are allowed then fine . 
  indeed . 
  we are speaking about germany though . 
  fair enough . 
  german law kinda disagrees with you on this one though . 
  well , that is the most probable outcome , but still harrassment seems to be a very broad category sometimes . 
  also just because something is legal , dose n't mean it is n't condemnable . 
  its not like me parking a van with giant `` santa is n't real '' under the kindgergarten would earn me any firends . 
  people have every right to discuss whether or not it is right that law allows such behaviour . 
  of course the opposite is true too . 
  no , but i doubt they would be happy if they would saw 5 guys wearing those vests over black clothes ... 
  they could even report it to the authorities . 
  `` sharia police '' is a political statement , `` pussy police '' is a poor joke . 
  should `` wear whatever you want '' be extended to swasitkas ? 
  i mean buddhists and hindu really do use this symbol . 
  even fringe and joke groups enter not only local but even main parilament . 
  the autonomy of silesia was always connected to the melting pot it was . 
  especially with huge german minority . 
  it was abruptly and completely changed in 1945 with expulsion of those germans and influx of poles from the east . 
  it can be considered a shame , an unfortunate event but it happened . 
  before resettlement of people in 1945 the discussion about polish lviv , german prussia and autonomous silesia had a place . 
  they make no sense in 2015 . 
  quite a lot . 
  i have n't heard about any separatist tendencies though . 
  their language is recognized as a regional minority language in poland ( unlike silesian language/dialect ) , and kashubia never was a separate political entity . 
  there is some discussion about silesia but the movement for autonomy/independence is not really big or influential . 
  partially probably . 
  it 's not like there are no people heralding every single country going full third reich mode , from time to time . 
  world politics are getting unpredictable enough , so news that everyone is going to act relatively reasonable and try to not fuck everything up do n't sell . 
  chinese military is few decades behind russian . 
  also it 's not like china has no internal problems to deal with rather than invading neighbours . 
  also they would not be able to deal with occupation of vast territory , very difficult terrain and climate . 
  not even speaking about the fact that they benefit from good relations with international community and commerce . 
  i do n't know about germany , but if you are polish citizen , you have to obtain permission from ministry of defense if you want to join foreign military without legal consequences in poland . 
  they do n't have access to explosives , but to the hollow point bullets . 
  whops . 
  in polish version it goes : `` polak , w\u0119gier - dwa bratanki '' , which can be translated as brothers , 2 good friends fits it too . 
  pole , hungarian - two brothers . 
  you know why there is no wifi in churches ? 
  they do n't like the idea of an invisible force benefiting everyone that actually works . 
  it feels cold in japan , but thats due to winds and humidity . 
  most of the country dose n't relay get into sub-zero territory .
