  better to bend before you break . 
  well that 's still a better goal that fever dreams about slavic brotherhood . 
  and drones tend to explode into your face , not shoot you at the back of your head . 
  thank you for your sincerity . 
  you are just another russia . 
  thankfully you are much more likely to murder some brown people somewhere than us , so we can do bussines . 
  that is not even sarcasm , world history shows that honor was always a hollow word . 
  lesson learned . 
  contributed does not equal `` is solely and fully responsible '' . 
  you do know us did protest allied bombing of german factories early into the war ? 
  bad for business , those factories had investors !, 
  also pi\u0142sudski , for all the wrong and stupid things he did , did offer a pre-emptive war against remilitarizng germany to france . 
  as for american lives . 
  poland lost 20 % of its population . 
  russian population was in ruin . 
  you had more to give . 
  much much more . 
  but it was all business . 
  not that it is reasonable to expect any nation to submit itself to such horrors , bear in mind . 
  do understand though that people who had no such choice are not so happy that it was all for nothing . 
  sorry is kinda not sufficient . 
  speaking of atomic bomb - it is interesting that fighting for your allies , who gave all they had and then some , freedom is too much , but using literal doomsday device against civilian targets is regrettable but necessary . 
  it is also funny that allying against fucking ussr with the nazis - who were n't that outspoken about their death factories after all , is so condemnable that you have no sympathy for countries that did make that deal with the devil , but again - annihilating 2 cities of a country on its knees does n't upset your sleep . 
  also fyi japan was not that phased by nukes - actual nuclear debate in japan started after daigo fukuryuumaru incident in which bikini atoll h bomb irradiated a japanese fishing boat . 
  many believe that complete obliteration of the elite kwantung army by the soviets was the true nail in the coffin of japanese willingness to fight . 
  there are even theories that in reality a bombs were more of a display of power against ussr . 
  the morality of the actions of the west is much less pretty that many would like to think . 
  when it comes to defending their interests they did stellar job , no denying that . 
  but do understand that when that topic comes into light we are not forgiving . 
  and that we are very wary of your friendship . 
  that 's why we want western soldiers in our country . 
  not to invade russia , but for them to die , if shit hits the fan . 
  and force your hand , because that will suddenly make our war sellable to the public . 
  next time we want everybody to either find a way out , or go down with the ship . 
  age of chaos you say ? 
  many would take that over secret police knocking on your door at 4 am , totally lack of civil liberties , and ideologically fueled blatant economic stupidity wasting decades of progress . 
  as many people have noticed europe had enough war by 1945 . 
  if anything would happen with ussr i 'm sure nobody would have any bloodust left for any age of chaos anyway . 
  and i do n't mind strong denazified germany , or you know , eastern european countries learning a lesson and putting their differences together to form some sort of alliance . 
  most likely . 
  maybe even 90 % certain . 
  still i 'm not entirely sure , if you do understand . 
  for poland , for example each and every day of wwii was 9/11 in deaths . 
  they were still willing to fight . 
  polish troops fought in north africa defending british colonial interests . 
  they were the most effective pilots in the battle of britain . 
  polish government in exile paid in gold for materiel used by polish forces . 
  polish forces were denied place in military parade in london after victory . 
  they were ignored by the country they fought and died for , and were political enemies of the state that took over their homeland . 
  polish resistance movement sent volunteers to auschwitz , and prepared a rapport for allies . 
  it was dismissed as sensationalist attempt to strengthen polish influence . 
  a jewish member of government in exile , szmul zygielbojm committed suicide in protest . 
  for all we know , polish prime minister was assassinated by the british . 
  fate of poland and entire eastern europe was decided without anyone asking the countries involved . 
  we were divided and ruled . 
  we were used , betrayed , abandoned , swept under the rug . 
  and we too won that war . 
  there is a a world of possibilities between going out of your way to save someone , and just agreeing to let genocidal regime take over them , without asking , without informing , without trying to contest . 
  a way to treat allies that fought by your side . 
  first of all most nazi allies on country level were rather opportunistic , especially later into the war . 
  that could be changed with diplomacy . 
  secondly , seeing ussr as an ally in 1945 was shortsighted . 
  the fate of poland was hidden from the public , because polish americans were also voting . 
  as with mujaheddin becoming terrorist , usa contributed to creation of its worst enemy - ussr , no only as a powerful country willing to spread it 's political system by violent means , but as an entire `` second world '' . 
  the struggle with it was inevitable , and by letting half the europe to slip into it was a mistake that made the cold war longer and more costly . 
  it also changes our perspective on western involvement in the war - while nobody can deny sacrifices , the tales of `` the greatest generation '' bleeding for freedom and justice for all , of brave slayers of the great dragon of fascism , ring hollow when it was all business as usual with us . 
  if they did not get involved , fine that would be understandable . 
  they did though , and they clearly showed where the line lies . 
  so rather than patting yourselves on the job well done , admit - when it comes to eastern europe , you were not fighting for freedom and justice . 
  you were realizing your interest , and willing to submit us to half a century of regression and even atrocities . 
  i actually have no idea if the world as a whole would look any better , if the war would continue . 
  do understand the feelings of resentment though . 
  we were thrown under the bus after fighting alongside you and sacrificing much much more . 
  on the other hand , hard to blame anyone who did n't want to continue that hell . 
  maybe it all could have been avoided if the west would listen to the east when it comes to ussr in the first place . 
  maybe at least do listen to us now . 
  eastern european armies in exile were allies in war . 
  their governments were not even denied requests of help - uk and us did n't even inform them that they are being assigned as stalin 's backyard . 
  maybe if us would actually consider listening to eastern europe , and at least try to contest ussr , not even military but diplomatically , ussr would not had iron grip on the europe and cold war as we knew it would not happen . 
  yeah the us did just fine job abandoning half of europe without even asking them if they want stalin 's dick up their ass . 
  eastern europe was kinda fed up with being opressed and conquered . 
  welp . 
  still , young people were either passive or dumb enough to allow polish , hungarian governments to rise , they did n't stop brexit . 
  there is not enough of us or we do n't do enough . 
  frankly i have nothing to say to defend polish involvement in iraq and very little to defend afghanistan . 
  that does not mean that solutions that are not working and are not going to work should be implemented . 
  there is a reason nor refugees neither economic migrants are coming to poland , and that reason is not that they are being shot at the border . 
  we do not have means to accommodate permanent quotas . 
  permanent quotas wo n't solve the plight of actual war refugees , nor the issue of economic migrants who are willing to go through much to get to desired countries and poland neither can nor will do enough to stop such people from going back to germany and sweden . 
  the quotas we agreed to , whether our current sad excuse of a government likes it or not , should be upheld by all means . 
  though if memory serves me right refugees we are supposed to get are those who are willing to actually stay in poland . 
  they are by all means welcomed , all 3 of them i guess . 
  and germany is a not very eager to admit that their bold stance about accepting everyone involves shipping people where germany wants them . 
  so i guess refugees welcome but not necessarily in germany . 
  and germany is even less eager to admit that the idea of replacing long term sustainable nuclear energy with main export of a nearby mafia state is not very sound economically or environmentally . 
  and very much pisses its neighbors who have to bite the bullet wherever said mafia state goes on a power trip . 
  that was irony , my `` a bit retarded '' friend . 
  as in : neither eastern europe is retarded in our attitude towards russia , nor germany projecting it 's power means that we are in for another round of drag nach ost . 
  sadly . 
  though i think that kids learning history in 100 years will scratch their heads not understating how we did not see the rise of new right coming .
