  as long as he obeys the law . 
  the same applies to afghans , nigerians , iranians , and martians . 
  it depends whether or not discussed topic is one of the 99 % of topics i am universe-class authority on . 
  nations have pros and cons . 
  as for my education it 's not stem , quite contrary , japaneses studies . 
  i do n't mind national cultures i disagree with nationalism in classical interpretation of it as a political ideology where nation is the political entity of highest order , and a good in itself . 
  i very much appreciate national diversity , i disagree with entirety of politics being subservient to the nation . 
  i worked in menial jobs , i choose studies because of passion , and thankfully found a job opportunity . 
  i know how unjust current system is . 
  but i do not believe that welfare state in current for will not collapse without significant changes in demography . 
  world resources are shrinking . 
  poor people are having children , rich do not . 
  the economy of eternal growth where your children will always have the same or better opportunities as you is impossible.median age will shift to 50 ' , instead of 4 people working for 1 pensioner there will be 2 . 
  as for refugees i do not oppose the migrations in itself - but i think the unregulated mass migrations with apparent paralysis of governments when it comes to dealing with them ( both in protecting the native population and actually helping migrants ) is a recipe for disaster . 
  if not now , then in a generation . 
  i know i am in quite privileged position , maybe not as much as many but still i know i will somehow make it to the relatively happy retirement . 
  but i would like to have children and i am quite certain they will have it worse than i had . 
  and not because the more disenfranchised than me will take their share . 
  no hard feelings . 
  i somehow came to peace with the idea that people may have different opinions , and even sometimes tell me they disagree with me . 
  for some reason in many such cases they are even unable to preserve decorum required to speak to my divine presence . 
  ah yes . 
  apparently a bit of bitter humor means that i am ironing my ss uniform in between writing comments on reddit . 
  watch your words people !, 
  somebody 's feelings may be hurt by a even a drop of sarcasm !, 
  nobody should have to deal with that !, 
  or maybe ... maybe even somebody will think that not every single thought of you is pc !, 
  he may be too scared to leave the safespace of his house !, 
  nation is not some holy eternal fire burning in chests of men of true virtue . 
  nation is a relatively new political concept that begins ( ? ), 
  to outlive what it was devised for - mobilization of masses . 
  as for welfare state it is unsustainable because of demography . 
  i like my free education too , but i will be pleasantly surprised if my parents will receive full pension they are supposed to get , and it is n't supposed to be enough anyway . 
  i will be thoroughly shocked if i will see a penny of mine . 
  as for migration we are living in interdependent , connected world of social mobility . 
  we will have migrants of every flavor . 
  and we will have to deal with it . 
  and we are not dealing with it by allowing mass unregulated migrations to unprepared countries , and instead devising anything that would resemble even band aid solution we use debates to shift blame , and score points in local politics . 
  i know i wrote a thesis about the occupation of japan . 
  there is a lot of factors in play here , but to put it simply : usa needed allies against ussr . 
  this lead to different development of polices in japan . 
  democratization and demonopolization had lower priority than ensuring that japan will be useful to usa after it was apparent that china will fall to the communism . 
  for gb and france it was much more important to keep germans down . 
  also there was soviet pressure . 
  then you have `` shogun '' macarthur who was acting very independently from both usa ( because he was supreme leader of allied forces ) and international commissions ( because he was willing to pass reforms before commissions would agree on guidelines for him ) german occupation was ended 3 years earlier . 
  if usa would have such strong position as they had in japan they would do their best to ensure that germany would be a strong bulwark against ussr . 
  they would be much less interested in disarming germany ( disarming japan was actually a gambit of usa to rearm them further down the line . 
  japanese turned it around to make americans provide them with defense while their were pumping everything into economy , and resisted rearming , despite cia appointed pm ) they would be much less interested in denazification to poach more scientists , and keep competent and anticommunist military leadership no matter how much crimes they committed . 
  all in all alternative history is full of `` ifs '' but surely german occupation conducted in different way with different goal in mind by different people would yield different results . 
  pro tip : establish permanent safe zones for woman . 
  in their houses preferably . 
  then establish `` mobile safe zone '' in a form of body covering cloth . 
  then strongly but politely suggest woman should always be accompanied by a male family member outside safe zones . 
  the difference between how japanese and german occupation were conducted ? 
  it 's not rock-solid but also not an ass-pulled assumption . 
  it 's pretty interesting topic , plenty of material on in available on the net . 
  nation states may be thankfully ending their run in history but they are still pretty much ... existing you know ? 
  also last time i checked the states have such concept as lawful entry and stay , citizenship and law in general . 
  the first and foremost duty of state is to the law abiding citizens and anyone who state legally permitted to enter and/or stay . 
  not really . 
  there is freedom of religion and separation of church and state in poland as almost every developed country . 
  as for societal norms they are incomparable without engaging in presentism . 
  consider though that religious freedom and tolerance was an affair of nobles not peasants . 
  i think you would have no problem with finding many progressive people in upper 10 % of poles . 
  by any definition of progress . 
  crimea was vassal of turkey not poland . 
  well , thank you for clearing that out . 
  i am not versed in protocol . 
  my only experience with iranian diplomacy was during a meeting at university when iranian delegation all had a phone call to answer when israeli ambassador spoke . 
  no clue . 
  maybe there is some hierarchy to meals during official meetings and breakfast is seen as lesser . 
  for the same reason you are not supposed to live with your fiance in catholicisms . 
  iranian islamists will not believe he didi n't drink . 
  they will portray the visit as a drunken orgy . 
  he just wants to have that base covered . 
  to be untouchable with that allegation . 
  not every people . 
  lets be honest basic menial jobs for low wage do n't really bring fulfillment . 
  i worked in warehouse for an equivalent of 3 $ per hour . 
  it was somehow ... cathartic in it 's simplicity and lack of bullshit , but still it was a hard job at times and other employees were n't exactly pleasant . 
  if i could get the same in benefits and devote time to learning or training i would n't hesitate for a heartbeat . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  i have an unlimited amount of salt available when it comes to criticizing religion , but imposing values from a high horse does n't exactly work . 
  people may resist sending kids to schools when they hera that they are secular and coeducational . 
  maybe little steps approach with gender segregated classes and proper monitoring of curriculum of religious part of the education would be better for start to break the ice . 
  we would need to spend quite a lot at the beginning . 
  we lack any strategic forces worth mentioning . 
  we lack infrastructure and rely heavily on the us . 
  france which is famous for its usage of its own weaponry managed to run out of bombs during operations in mali . 
  let that sink in . 
  it 's not a matter of being stronk and starting dick measuring contest wit usa and russia , but if our most self reliant military lacks capability of sustaining operations against partisans hiding in mud huts then we will not be able to deter anything . 
  well , we just do n't want to be left alone when the shit goes south . 
  there is no way in which german military would be dangerous to poland in foreseeable future and vice versa . 
  not so much with russia . 
  weak germany is not in polish interest no matter what bullshit our politicians spew . 
  the effects of mass migrations showed to be a disaster . 
  not closing borders and throwing unaffected countries under the bus is not a good way of handling a crisis . 
  yeah because when we want to discuss that we are unable to run our economy with co2 regulations so severe , we are shut down . 
  when we try to diminish russian influence in the region , west wants another nord stream .
