if i ever will visit ardennes , i swear i will leave there a sign saying `` warning - possibility of german attack.yes they can pass '', 
  look on how many people just goes to university and studies absolutely impractical things . 
  and then they bitch about not having job . 
  not all of them i heard . 
  i would be surprised if it would be any other way . 
  i can assure you that while religion influences opinions of a lot of people here , hardly anyone gives 2 shits about how a proper christian should behave in everyday life . 
  i agree , that the idea of jewish oblast was n't born of pure malice and an attempt to eradicate jewish culture . 
  still jews in old russia ( and poland , probably other parts of eastern europe ) were not as deeply assimilated as jews in german speaking world - there were settlements where jews constituted nearly 100 % of citizens . 
  200 thousands people city i live in was 50 % jewish before the war . 
  you ca n't just remove people from places they lived in for centuries , give them a speck of land they have no history with , and expect their culture to thrive . 
  i do n't think that you can really differentiate between nation / ethnicity and religious minority in context of jews in soviet union . 
  as for the thing being voluntary - do n't quote me on that , but i think i read / heard somewhere that for a moment there was plan to resettle nations , ethnicities etc of ussr to match internal division of the country , but it was deemed infeasible and toned down significantly . 
  i quited my russian history course when we were quite early in the ussr days . 
  also as a side note - if politics of the empire , and ideological discourse demanded it , someone could argue , and i believe nazis did so , that austrians were not a nation , but a part of german nation . 
  not that i believe so , but ussr , and to be honest modern russia too is capable of such mental gymnastics . 
  still , its a small , economically insignificant speck of land . 
  jews had long and fascinating history in central and eastern europe . 
  that region was a melting pot of different cultures , they enriched each other . 
  soviets just decided to uproot everyone regardless of historic context of why they were here , and put them in a places that suited their place in the new empire . 
  which in case of jews was `` wherever they will not be a problem '' imagine that instead of jewish oblast that would be austrain oblast , and austria would become ethnically russian . 
  hofburg would be a party meeting hall or prison , or military storehouse , and you would be sitting in some barrack in the middle of nowhere listening to radio show about how for a moment stalin and lenin lived in vienna , and how that illustrates deep connection between revolutionary thought and austrian culture , and eternal austro-russian friendship . 
  to contain them in one place . 
  they are forbidden i believe . 
  they can be effective in urban warfare , and special tactics , but wounds from bolts and arrows are much severe than those from bullets . 
  poland did not sign munich agreement . 
  we did that atrocious land grab indeed , no point in defending that , but at least we knew that appeasing hitler is not going to work . 
  common grammatical concepts and shared roots can be indeed enormously helpful . 
  i think though , paradoxically , that if you are highly motivated , and have ability to immerse yourself in language and put a lot of work into it , then learning something totally alien makes you much more cautious and aware . 
  ca n't just supplement japanese with polish , you either can say something or ca n't . 
  not so much with polish and russian , or even english and polish . 
  fluent in mandarin according to whom ? 
  at my chinese course lector showed us some popular chinese talk show in which host was basically laughing at his guest 's ( he was an american researcher ) mandarin `` fluency '' . 
  yes we poles have that weird fetish about our language being martian , but lets not pretend that it does n't deter some migrants . 
  as for learning languages of the same family - while common vocabulary and some grammar is very helpful there are confusing false friends . 
  maybe it was because of how interested i was in learning particular language , but it was far easier for me to learn japaneses at university than spanish in highschool, 
  no not really . 
  we use almost exclusively learning materials for english speakers while learning chinese and japanese , at least at my university . 
  also the interviews in which chinese were talking about their fears , and mentioned social disorder i watched were subtitled in english . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  however look at the consequences of how west handled this agreement . 
  ukraine gave up nukes for an agreement with russia and the west . 
  when another country in possession of wmd will be faced with a choice - can we give them up ? 
  can international community guarantee our safety ? 
  what will they think of ? 
  i wager that they will remember that ukrainians can pretty much wipe they asses with this memorandum . 
  i know a bit of chinese ;p hanzi for opportunity indeed is part of word crisis . 
  still this little guy . 
  \u4e71 meaning confusion , state of disorder is reportedly the thing that chinese fears the most . 
  and i think it suits situation a bit too well . 
  that 's why it 's called crisis . 
  do n't drink beer in czech rep. 
  it will never be the same and you will be always fail to enjoy one back home :(, 
  then lets throw them out . 
  no biggie . 
  it is a knee jerk reaction indeed . 
  not like other countries do n't have theirs . 
  it 's not like world media kowtow to polish perspective in all matters . 
  they could consider it in the most important ones though . 
  emm his flair ? 
  well , it 's a valiant effort . 
  all eastern europe yearns to live in one , big , prosperous country . 
  preferably that would be canada . 
  less doable logistics and money wise . 
  nobody wants to come to ee . 
  going through greece is the shortest way to the germany . 
  i do n't think that bullying greece into quitting eu/shengen is a way . 
  greek problem with refugees will not stop until they have reason to come . 
  that reason is proceeding west . 
  if we can deny them that they will stop coming . 
  as for those who can lawfully obtain refugee status i am sure that eu has resources and political will to do something about them . 
  it was n't any better in socialism . 
  there is nothing wrong in reading comments first . 
  reading comments only without making ass-pulled assumptions in comments is fine by me , if you are not that interested in the topic . 
  the problem is when entire discussion is derailed because someone reads only vague or straight up misleading title , and starts writhing paragraphs just to convince himself about his own bias . 
  poroshenko knew that shit will go down one way or another so he decided to support the side that would be willing to give him power . 
  i have no idea if he thought about the people or the country for a heartbeat , but supporting maidan would make sense for him even from 100 % selfish standpoint . 
  if only reddit ... 
  i think that proper usage of media , critical thinking during information intake should be taught at school . 
  though reddit format encourages the hell out of such behavior . 
  are you aware that japan has excellent credit rating and is able to get credit much cheaper than they give it ? 
  aka they can make money from borrowing money . 
  hard to get anything other than outrage when people just read titles and jump to conclusion . 
   you can tie benefits to residence fairly easily . 
  yes and those that do n't come from war zones do n't get asylum . 
  examples are from afghanistan for example . 
  so , we will get shipment of 10 000 people . 
  we will tell them that they have to get registered , and for that they will receive benefits , which are laughable when compared to german and swedish ones . 
  now , how do we stop them from returning to germany ? 
  there is growing community of them there . 
  living as illegal immigrant in germany gives better perspectives than living on welfare in poland . 
  should we put them behind fences , keep them at gunpoint ? 
  i still remember german media sob stories about how hungarians `` mistreat '' them by actually trying to control the flow . 
  i still remember how inhumane it was to keep them behind a fence , to disallow them from going to germany ? 
  i know that polish government agreed to first quota agreement , and they should keep their word . 
  but please do tell me how do you get 10 000 people unwilling to cooperate to come here ? 
  they are throwing away their passports , they already did camp the train stations . 
  i have no idea how to solve this crisis but i do n't see how quota solve anything . 
  notice i am not talking about literal warzone refugees who need any help there is . 
  i do n't see anybody telling him to illegally traverse multiple borders and try to live off welfare in country without knowing its language . 
  our dear russian friend is welcomed anywhere he wants to go as far as i 'm concerned .
