i guess tongue-in-cheek comments are n't welcome on this subreddit . 
  its more in than out . 
  only non-eu , non-nato country . 
  well , russia is the only independent nation in europe . 
  maybe let africa progress at its own pace . 
  also gadaffi distributed the resources quite well . 
  greece should have left the eu . 
  the commission are either economically illiterate or only care about germany and france ,, 
  that 's ok but does n't solve the problem of big monopolies that make large profits and divert the money flow in the economy . 
  easy solution : freeze google 's offshore cash and print money equal to the amount of google 's profits . 
  google still keep their horde of gold and governments get revenue . 
  everyone wins . 
  what happens once every country in the world has joined with nato ? 
  its polling data . 
  does n't matter who wrote the article . 
  its not about whether the vote outcome was legit , everyone knows crimeans are very pro-russia , they are 70 % ethnically russian , also the language of crimea is russian . 
  its about if the referendum should be allowed in the first place . 
  ukraine refused to allow one in 1990 when the crimean parliament wanted one and refused ever since . 
  i do n't know why the rest of europe pandered to ukraine 's anti-democracy stance . 
  90 % of crimeans wanted to join russia . 
  so they gained by helping those millions of people . 
  why do you think a muslim extremist would have a trail ? 
  there 's been about 5000 murders in the uk in the last 10 years , why were n't they prevented ? 
  that is unfair . 
  irrational fear . 
  we 've only had 1 islamic terrorist attack murder in the last 10 years . 
   they not only destroyed careers of thousands of students . 
  they destroyed their own careers . 
  consistent *, 
  we have the biggest military industrial complex in europe . 
  weapons stakeholders overlap with media shareholders and they influence the public . 
  also the # 100 billion trident renewal because russia . 
  its not that the us stands for capitalism , they are as capitalist as any country . 
  its that the us actively force global free market capitalism on smaller countries that want to be more protectionist . 
  it leads to us corporations gaining global financial dominance and subverts democracy . 
  pushing a less developed country into open competition with more developed countries is pouring money out . 
  its the lack of governance . 
  [ this is what 's going on in ~ e aleppo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwvegjg6bti ), 
  good summary . 
  also to mention the 600k people who managed to flee from the rebel held east aleppo to government held west aleppo . 
  i think that 's democracy in action . 
   actively trying to punish and inflict damage on the uk for leaving : asshole move . 
  if they do n't do this then other countries will leave and the eu could collapse . 
  not that i 'd mind much . 
  its crazy . 
  people who believe in a sadomasochistic conspiracy about assad and putin massacring hundreds of thousands of people call others a conspiracy theorist for saying ` actually putin might not be as bad as this anti-russian propaganda is trying to make him look . ', 
   again i must stress my criticism is reserved strictly to the current methods being used in eastern aleppo . 
  fair enough but the conversation is like : `` russia stop intentionally targeting civilians '' `` we are n't , why the fuck would we do that ? 
  we are bombing the rebels that are shelling and sniping civilians '' then its down to if you trust them or not . 
  there 's no proof of what exactly is going on . 
  russia wants to dismantle the eu for the same reason we wanted to dismantle the soviet union . 
  and 52 % of britain agreed with them . 
   stop the war had a problem with the uk bombing isis in syria because they feel it would hurt civilians russia is co-ordinating with a credible ground force to recapture areas , the uk is n't . 
  the hypocrites are the ones who are silent about western aleppo civilians being shelled by the rebels we aided . 
  good analysis . 
  the masses have a psychological need for a ` common enemy ' so they exaggerate the russian threat . 
  russia 's gdp is about 1/20th of nato , they probably have 1/10th to 1/20th of the propaganda spending . 
  france is as much a threat to europe as russia . 
  unconstitutional coup forcing the democratically elected leader to flee ? 
  why is ukraine so anti-democracy ? 
  banning parties then mob coup forcing the democratically elected leader to flee ? 
  the crimean parliament wanted a vote on independence from ukraine in 1992 and were refused by ukraine . 
  can you unban rt ? 
  it is if no one prints any . 
  trade balances ( surplus/deficit ) are a zero sum game . 
  and actually money is a zero sum game too . 
  the eu is too inflexible , they refuse to make any changes . 
  no i do n't . 
  that 's a misinterpretation . 
  it was a peaceful protest until it was n't . 
  its the inevitable result of a mob of people in kiev thinking its desires are more important than the rest of ukraines . 
  and the eu and the us supporting violence over democracy . 
    opt back into the best parts of the european project , for instance by asking for zero tariffs from the single market without accepting the obligations that come with it . 
  does this guy know the eu 's average weighted external tariff is 2.3 % ? 
   i hope that british people will see from the perspective of an eu taxpayer how unreasonable this would be . 
  if its unreasonable why were they offering canada zero tariffs ? 
  latvian wages are a lot higher than ukrainian wages , latgale is not strategically important and not historically russian . 
  [ because this ] ( https://62e528761d0685343e1c-f3d1b99a743ffa4142d9d7f1978d9686.ssl.cf2.rackcdn.com/files/42662/width668/jgbw8cf7-1393501542.jpg ) . 
  you do n't have any russian majority regions so you will be fine . 
  and crimea has wanted independence for the last 27 years and ukraine foolishly refused . 
  probably , high end prostitutes always look for wealthy visitors . 
  its not like the government controls and deploys the prostitutes though . 
  yes and theirs 65 million people who live closer to us than anyone in europe , so we 'll trade with them . 
   the latest survey is in line with regular razumkov center polls that show that already in early 2016 , over 70 percent of ukrainians  even at the height of the 2013 -- 2014 euromaidan antigovernment protests , about 55 percent considered their country to be on the wrong track . 
  well i guess euromaidan was a mistake then . 
  its not a threat , it will happen . 
   `` if you look at the european union , it 's germany - it 's basically a vehicle for germany , '' he said . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  upvotes for federal eu , you guys crazy ? 
  merkel is unwilling to reform the eu so we leave . 
  tour eiffel at new years ? 
  no , i do n't think i will tour eiffel at new years . 
  thanks for asking though . 
  english speaking capital of the eu ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that is the netherlands now . 
  yes . 
  the crime was when the crimean parliament voted for independence in 1992 and ukraine threatened them with force and refused to allow it . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
   in february 2015 , ** a poll by german polling firm gfk ** revealed that attitudes have not changed . 
  when asked `` do you endorse russia 's annexation of crimea ? '' , a total of 82 % of the respondents answered `` yes , definitely , '' and another 11 % answered `` yes , for the most part . '' crimea has been illegaly occupied by ukraine since the su collapse and ukraine refused its self-determination .
