yeah , you 've absolutely got a point and i can agree with that . 
  ehh ... you can [ grad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v71ef8hdzb8 ) them into oblivion ? 
  it 's not like they can do anything about it ... / / obviously i 'm not saying we should lol but that whole ` it 's in the mountains so it 's impenetrable ' does n't work in total war . 
  many of ww1 's campaigns were fought in the mountains , hunderds of thousands of people died yet armies kept pushing . 
  now many people will probably jump me for saying this but ... 
  it 's starting to feel like putin 's actions are in direct ` response ' that what i would imagine he 's realised about the western * political class * . 
  and also being your hardcore conservative asshole , his ` actions ' were way too authoritarian and with unforseen consequences . 
  he also went after ngos claiming they further foreign goals and ... nowadays i see bulgarian ngos in a close relationship with the uk and the us ambassadors . 
  i 'm grateful for what they 're doing , do n't get me wrong , we need help but ... if 3 of the things putin was claiming about the west - fascism , paedophilia and controlling ngos are right ... then ... it 's getting scary honestly . 
  o rly ? 
  how about the rest of them : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krobgttiyeg can you guess ? 
  cause i certainly ca n't . 
  blood donors in bulgaria less than half of those in the rest of the eu per capita 2 . 
  a 3year old kid beaten into coma by neonazi 19y olds 3 . 
  a grandpa beaten by neonazis infront of his kids 4 . 
  fake eggs imported from germany common in bulgarian supermarkets 5 . 
  police brutality - 63y old woman 's leg broken by police 6 . 
  the city of gurmen decided not to pay taxes anymore because of corruption that 's less that 1/10th of the preposterous bullshit you can post here in regards to bulgaria . 
  and only from the last 3-4 days . 
  what 's the point of posting this here ? 
  how does that affect the lives of germans , french or greek people ? 
  why should they care ? 
  truth is they do n't and it only serves to further your typical bulgarian 's nihilistic agenda - `` i live in a shithole and i want everyone to know that '' . 
  i do n't mind posting news about our politicians , about protests or about the bulgarian people 's attitudes . 
  that 's something we can rely on public opinion for . 
  showing everyone our dirty underwear is not only pointless but harmful . 
  well , as far as the balkans are concerned , the map is pretty much spot on . 
  many of you are calling the author a moron but it takes some knowledge of the region to draw that shit and it 's not nationalistic - it 's pretty much exactly as it should be . 
  notice the greek ( number 18 ) in what is currently turkey - there were plenty of greeks in the coastal area ; also bulgaria not going into sallonika unlike what many nationalists here would draw ; also serbia is exactly what they were looking for in the first balkan war . 
  we kinda fucked it up and the rest is history . 
  the only thing i slightly disagree with is romania 's borders - there indeed were vlachs under the danube which was why romania had its reasons to claim that clay . 
  thing is , those vlachs spoke bulgarian back then and what 's more important - the density of the population there was preeeetty low . 
  asking for such an important strategic position because a few hundred people live there is ... absurd imo . 
  either way , that 's history now but it really is the way it should 've been imo . 
  the authorities have already started confiscating stuff from the shops so it 's probably over by now . 
  what 's the point of posting this ? 
  maybe you should drop a link about the neonazis running rampant in sofia too ? 
  sorry for being a cunt but that 's such a pointless submission ... 
  yeah , that may as well be the case . 
  i 've done some traveling , i 've also stayed with buddies in london and copenhagen but i 've never visited smaller towns in the countries i 've been to . 
  no , no , i meant that as in they 'll get sneaky which will make it even harder for the general public to spot them . 
  you know , it 's the stuff they say that alienates most people . 
  we had [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volen_siderov ) rising in popularity for some time and was it not for how absurdly racists , homophobic and outright dangerous to the peace on the balkans his statements were , i 'm absolutely certain he would 've been elected prime minister . 
  all he had to do was propose humane solutions to the roma issues , the poverty among old people and the mafia that 's been draining the economy . 
  luckily , he turned out to be psychotic and paid by the kremlin too so we dodged the bullet and his political party is basically dead . 
  now they 'll switch tactics ala nigel farrage . 
  i think the swastica is banned by law here too but going hardcore and limiting freedom of speech is not something i could say i 'm in favor of . 
  can we start developing our own cultures instead of importing western silliness ? 
  ; / edit ; btw we used to have [ these ] ( http://www.politika.bg/img/?id=14999&amp;sz=0&amp;cut=yes ) wackos so i 'm not just talking out of my butt . 
  i can imagine the kind of comments the far right leaders are throwing around but i 'm pretty sure the romanian people are way smarter than that, 
  yeah , rub it in my face ... :(, 
  western societies are turning rather radical - from feminism to spying on people to passing repressive laws . 
  czech society seems really ... balanced i guess . 
  there 's no ideological extremism , it 's a social state , people seem nice and the income is enough for a comfortable life . 
  the only reason i 'd actually move western than that is if i really wanted money badly . 
  i 'd imagine i could find a very well paying job in the uk in my field . 
  i 'm not interested however . 
  strange people and a turbulent society ... 
  you miss the commies ? 
  why ? 
  please elaborate . 
  your country looks lovely from my side of the fence . 
  if i had to pick what i 'd like bulgaria to be like , it would n't be a scandinavian state or germany , it 'd be the cr . 
  why do you miss them ? 
  that 's unfathomable to me, 
  we 'll bring the mouths :   , 
  so you want them to pay you for letting them into the eu ? 
  you people keep saying all that dumb shit and then you 're wondering why people get angry at you . 
  honestly , 1/100th of the articles about greece are related to the austerity-induced poverty and declining standards of living . 
  the other 99 % are about nazis . 
  people were sympathetic to your cause until you started blackmailing the eurozone . 
  either way , i hope this gets resolved . 
  i remember getting like 20 cents a day when i was in kindergarden - i 'd get myself a crappy 200ml frozen juice in a plastic glass when hanging out with friends - it was a thing among kinds back then ;d go figure ... 
  i would n't want an entire generation of greek kids to go through the same . 
  damn the marseillaise is so amazing -- blows everything else out the water . 
  i even remember reading stuff about our leader during communist times - people wanted the anthem changed and some guy mentioned to him the marseillaise as a point of reference and dude was like wow , wtf are you talking about , how do you imagine we could possibly come up with something so amazing . 
  :d that 's ... 
  i mean ... :d what the fuck :d :d, 
  bulgaria here [ balkantsi / balkanians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7snfmxzeccy ) - sadly , the text has been meddled with by the communists so what you 're hearing is ( i assume ) the correct rhytm but the lyrics have been modified to the point of entirely losing the meaning . 
  it 's written during the [ battle of doyran ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_doiran_%281917%29 ), 
  thanks guys : }, 
  i 'd like to join the seal ... it 's incredibly hot here too and there 's no wind at all . 
  if hell exists , i bet it feels very similar . 
  had to take the public transport yesterday . 
  it felt like entering an oven, 
  you would n't mind if i downvoted this for the lols , right :p ? 
  so should we . 
  there are serious doubts as to whether the second bulgarian empire was reestablished by a [ wallachian family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_iv_of_bulgaria ) ie the entire [ assen dynasty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asen_dynasty ) well , you probably know that but just to clarify it for the fellow bulgarians reading this . 
  we are n't taught that in school unfortunately . 
  it 's not about you as people , it 's about your corporations . 
  [ for example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9whzt6gbgi ) it 's even worse in the cg industry . 
  also , pretty much the entire world speaks english and you 're at the spearhead of cultural development , like it or not . 
  we get to see your dirty underwear on a daily basis . 
  i 'm pretty sure if people knew more about british , german , french , swedish or polish companies and the way they handle their affairs , you 'd look like amateurs . 
  let me ask you this then - are people who go to riots criminals ? 
  should a few hundred thousand americans illegally occupy the streets of washington demanding ... idk ... the nsa stopped spying on people be put in jail under the patriot act and considered terrorists ? 
  what if the germans rioted in the '40s and burned auschwitz to the ground - are they criminals now because the law says so and because they committed the crime of arson ? 
  if your government passed an incredibly unpopular law tomorrow - are you a criminal simply because the law says so ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  for me its simple - just do n't harm other people and do n't force your opinions on the majority - convince them with words instead .
