a lot of people interpret this as being a passable indicating what would happen to those who reject christ . 
  but hey , it 's not as if christians have ever killed people who refused to convert . 
  luke 19:27, 
  the old testament does that plenty . 
  selective reading is fun . 
  ok . let the security officials do their job then and do n't report on every aspect of the investigation . 
  seeing as i 'm part welsh , no . 
  we had to `` earn '' it on our island too ... 
  lol !, 
  funnily enough i went to yours last year . 
  stunning few days walking in the mountains . 
  this is what i 'm going to miss most when we leave the eu . 
  well over twenty years ago in a food economics class i took the piss out of pineapple on pizza by designing a pizza with both pineapple and chocolate . 
  my teacher was not impressed . 
  five years or so . 
  though it 's not as if mi5 wo n't be following everything he does for the rest of his life once he does get out . 
  nope , he 's still in belmarsh . 
  according to his sign he wants to defend * debating * ideas . 
  which in and of itself is * fine * if that 's the case . 
  it becomes an issue when one side will not acknowledge another point of view , because even if it 's wrong of it is n't debated it gets pushed underground , rather than openly shown to be incorrect . 
  a classic example would be anjem choudary . 
  you * could * argue he should n't have been given the oxygen of airtime , however he was , and in doing so he was shown to be a hateful hypocrite , and ultimately was given just enough rope to hang himself . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with the narrative of this video though . 
  i do n't really see an assault as such . 
  union flag . 
  just saying . 
  you want to die for your cause ? 
  denied . 
  smack down ? 
  i needed an / s there . 
  this pretty much sums up everything i know about romania and everywhere in europe . 
  the people are lovely , the politicians vary . 
  none of that feels like the romania i know, 
  honestly , i reckon if fewer people in the world spoke english we would probably be like everywhere else and a lot of people would learn another one at school ( and it would stick ) . 
  at the moment , there 's just really no need to actually know another language most of the time . 
  he can get by like a tourist visiting another country for a week or two - he can say hello , etc. , but he ca n't hold a conversation . 
  i do n't * dislike * it . 
  i mean , i would n't want it on every street corner or anything , but its not exactly the worst thing i 've ever seen in my life . 
    which are n't all that common in the rest of the uk and so its not really to be unexpected that people are n't overly familiar with them . 
    which is fair ... actually no . 
  people accept boe notes here as if they 're nothing even they have the same legal status as scottish notes on the other side of the border . 
  probably because they are more familiar with them . 
  it 's been a very long time since i 've worked in retail , but back then we saw scottish notes once every few months at best . 
  we just were n't familiar with them , and so it took longer to check they were genuine . 
    also , you all seem to get really upset when someone points out they are n't legal tender , which they 're not ( legal tender has a rather specific definition ) . 
  ;-)   i just like shouting like michael mcintyre : `` it 's legal tendeeeerrr ''   what i 'm more annoyed by is if they do n't accept . 
  then again i do n't go to england often . 
  if it did happen to me that store just lost my custom , their loss . 
  they 've probably will accept them , after a bit of checking , but then again , most people use contactless and cards down south anyway ... maybe you 'll catch up one day ... 
   our money is treated like monopoly money in the rest of the uk anyway to be fair , there are three different series of scottish banknotes ( clydesdale , bank of scotland and royal bank of scotland ) , which are n't all that common in the rest of the uk and so its not really to be unexpected that people are n't overly familiar with them . 
  also , you all seem to get * really * upset when someone points out they are n't legal tender , which they 're not ( legal tender has a rather specific definition ) . 
  look for the helpers, 
  no , that 's a fictional character . 
  theresa may wo n't be making any deal . 
    we might get to a slightly more favourable place at some point in the future . 
    out of curiosity because this seams a popular opinion in the uk : how could the uk ever get better trade deal with anyone as a 65 millions people country by itself than a 500 millions people market , representing 27 countries ? 
  personally , i do n't think we can . 
  i was playing devil 's advocate for the benefit of responding to an argument , assuming a best case scenario still means years of uncertainty and economic damage to simply reach the same point we are now , and therefore questioning why that would make him `` cry with joy '' . 
  realistically its likely to go on much longer than that and even then the outcome `` deal '' is likely to be less than what we have . 
   did any of you guys actually think about that or you 're just yolo'ing your country on a bet ? 
  i know of several people who voted exactly that way . 
  well since it is n't just about you , but everyone else as well , is still suggest crying with joy over the turmoil to come is a bit ... off ? 
  well , i 'll respect your right to your opinion , but i 'm not sure crying with joy is the right way to respond to opting into years of economic and political turmoil , even if , pragmatically speaking we might get to a slightly more favourable place at some point in the future . 
  however considering that trade with other countries is possible within the single market and customs union , just on a level playing field , it seems like a lot of hardship to go through to eventually ( maybe ) getting to roughly where we are now . 
  that sounds like a terrible idea . 
  some day , probably years from now in some academic paper , someone will define what `` hard '' brexit actually is . 
  if i was going to guess , i 'd say basingstoke . 
   i just do n't really understand . 
  sums up everything . 
  they are very lucky to have been found . 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  quality is n't the only issue . 
  price comes into play , as does support , reliability of delivery and many many other factors . 
  at the end of the day it probably is an elected official signing off on a deal , but that is hopefully after taking advice . 
  a project of this scale wo n't be done on a whim . 
  the cps has a decent recent track record where corporate manslaughter is involved . 
  if that 's the way this is heading the are going to be some very senior people facing jail time , not mentioning some hefty fines for the organisations involved . 
  people like to say that there will be a scapegoat , but that does n't happen , not really . 
  we have a right to be angry , and there are answers required from more people than those directly involved , but i suspect certain people will be positively bricking it right now . 
  there 's no indication that this will be the case at all . 
  let the investigation play out . 
  i 'm more upset at the upside down union flag than anything . 
  much further forward i think . 
  i ca n't remember exactly but i think i had a 200m lens on at that point . 
  nope, 
  to save others from googling , this was sir douglas-home and he renounced his peerage after taking office . 
  he led parliament for two weeks without a constituency , until he won a seat . 
  what 's grey and if it fell out of a tree could kill you ? 
  an elephant . 
  why do n't you see elephants hiding in trees ? 
  they 're very good at it . 
  i took the picture , i can promise you it is tallinn . 
  or if other people had n't treated it like some sort of protest vote . 
  good work !, 
  opel is the parent company , but the actual cars themselves are often just branded by location . 
  either way i think their currently range of vehicles are actually really rather good and deserve a bit more recognition . 
  they are due to be sold from general motors to psa , so dunno what will happen to the quality then . 
  no love for vauxhall ... :(, 
  i paid just over # 5 for three pints in birmingham last night .
