  yeah , that sucks . 
  do you have competent politicians/a trustworthy party in greece ? 
  i sympathised with syriza at the beginning a bit , but was disappointed by their chaotic style of negotiations ( not necessarily the contents , but the delivery ) . 
  the old parties are accomplices and enablers of the system that got greece into this mess . 
  right wing is obviously out of the question . 
  who is left ? 
   since people do n't really consider the immigrants coming from africa/middle east refugees , because they emigrate for economic reasons and not for safety . 
  of course , the syrian refugees are looking for better job opportunities and the somalian guys want to increase their foreign language skills , while the iranian lesbian just wants to go on an adventure . 
  large parts of africa and nearly the entire middle east are the worst parts to live right now . 
  i can not think of many more war-ridden countries not in that zone right now . 
  probably . 
  the open question is in which position spain or portugal would be in if we did n't drag it out . 
  the imam talks about the religion he believes in and the stuff he preaches . 
  in his opinion there can be equality between the sexes , and there should be in countries where this is common , and it does not contradict with his muslim values . 
  what other people do in other countries who claim to follow the same religions not his main concern here . 
  here we have an imam who apparently wants his religion to be compatible with western values , and you are still not happy ? 
  you stole my cow !, 
  lets war !, 
  well , they look pretty badass , especially in this case . 
  [ china 's reduction in co2 emissions in just four months totals the entire greenhouse gases emitted by the uk over the same period ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/chinas-reduction-in-co2-emissions-in-just-four-months-totals-the-entire-greenhouse-gases-emitted-by-the-uk-over-the-same-period-10255957.html ), 
  while it certainly helps a lot to speak german to find a job there are many companies that have a very international culture and speaking english is the norm , especially it , especially in berlin , . 
  xing and linkedin are great places to start your search . 
  women get raped , children get abducted . 
  young men are sent on the journey because it is so dangerous . 
  they hope to be able to reunite with their family once they established an existence here . 
  it is just common sense not to take them with you directly . 
  well , you need at least two for an arms race , so ... 
  on this vk profile :  important in others : kindness and honesty classic selfie soldier . 
  really impressive reporting . 
  while berlin certainly is the biggest startup magnet in germany there are actually some quite successful startups ( for german standards ) elsewhere . 
  teamspeak is developed in kr\u00fcn , bavaria , since 2005 , and teamviewer , which was sold for 1.1 billion last year , is developed in g\u00f6ppingen , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , since 2006 . 
  not sexy , but rich . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  few venture capitalists , generally risk averse culture or bureaucratic hurdles ? 
  i founded a limited in germany and while the paper stuff was annoying , it was bearable . 
  the founding itself was quite easy actually . 
  we did not look for venture capital , so i can not say anything about that . 
  only bavarians !, 
  we and bavarians are somehow distantly related , but i do n't know them that well , really . 
  we know . 
  itt : the ugly side of / r/europe . 
  there is no way around that . 
  with increasing automation of production , machine-learning based demand estimation and automated delivery only very few people will actually have to work to sustain that automated system . 
  the rest can go study art history , theoretical philosophy or just play football all day long if they like . 
  most people will probably still work on something , so they have some stuff to do , but it is not necessary financially for society or them . 
  let 's talk again in 100 years . 
  i was startled when i first saw this diesel ice . 
  the small chimneys on both ends look like they just glued them on . 
  and the smoke darkens the nice , white outer surface of the train . 
  but having it is great , as a lot of my old friends live in hamburg and it is always a pleasure to see the big eyes of the kids ( and adults ) when the train boards the ship . 
   sweden has taken in significantly more refrugees than any other eu country the last decade , in absolute numbers and that sats a lot considering it 's small population . 
  while it is true that sweden hosts more refugees per capita , germany still hosts more in absolute numbers ( [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/29/germany-quota-system-eu-migrant-distribution ) ) . 
  the distribution of refugees across the eu is definitely an issue both countries should bring up . 
   how am i supposed to make fun of your country 's stereotypes when you 're doing it yourself beforehand ? 
  :( * / u/tehzodiac making a handgesture *, 
  an expensive team-building vessel . 
  well , you guys can reuse them for a shuttle service between amsterdam and groningen after 2100 . 
  well , what is the sky ? 
  and what is colour ? 
  is n't everything just what it appears to be ? 
  what is truth ? 
  what is life but a perception of it ? 
  man , the only thing i am sure about at this point is that the armenian ww1 killings were a genocide . 
  well , maybe we understood undercoverpotato all wrong and he meant to say that in sweden the blueness of the sky is in fact a very controversial matter ? 
  the thought of norway keeps me up at night , too . 
  i also just watched the last 15 minutes or so ( came across bbc world news by chance ) and the funniest part was the greens answer to the question : `` how can you strengthen the optimism of the youth ? '' . 
  bennett basically said : `` remember that there is climate change and that we have to reduce trash '' . 
  what the hell ? 
  i mean , sure , climate change is an upcoming challenge and should be addressed , but brining it up now is not necessarily how you make people look positive into the future . 
  greens man ... 
  just to clarify : by `` germany should leave '' , do you actually mean just germany should leave or the splitting up of the eurozone into economically stronger countries ( finland , the netherlands , germany , etc. ), 
  and weaker ones ? 
  i agree , that this would be one `` solution '' , but let 's not forget that this would mean bankruptcy of the greek state and that heavy inflation hits the `` small guys '' who do n't have oversea investments or own property especially hard . 
  i am sorry you had to take that step . 
  how are things for you in germany ? 
  i left my home country , too , but for completely different reasons , so i perceived everything new as exiting and great - it must be very different if you are forced to leave your country . 
  while der tisch and die platte makes die tischplatte . 
  simple , duh !, 
  watch your words ( literally ) . 
  germany did n't enslave anyone here . 
  calling the current focus in europe on and the ( seemingly ) strong bargaining position of germany enslavement diminishes actual slavery , that it still very much alive in other parts of the world . 
  germany did not bound anyone to the euro . 
  germany did not even want it ( as i am sure you know ) . 
  germany was bound to the euro to control it after the reunification and other countries did all kinds of legal and illegal things to be able to join it . 
  germany has actually very little room for manoeuvring in the negotiations . 
  the german government does not want greece ( and thereby potentially other countries ) to drop out ( which , i might add , would also put the greek people in a very hard spot and it not to be taken lightly ) . 
  the only alternative is to fund the greek government , but this is very unpopular , which is why merkel and sch\u00e4uble play hard ball , although in the end they will always give the money . 
  you are right that if the dutch government wants a thing that germany does n't ( regarding the eurogroup ) , it wo n't happen . 
  but the same is true if any other country does not want it , and is willing to go all out to stop it . 
  it is much easier to block a thing than to actually get something through . 
  if the netherlands , finland , estland , and not to forget spain and portual , whose governments are also very conservative when it comes to greece , would propose another method to get out of the crisis , germany would have to go with them . 
  this is not to say that i am happy about how the crisis especially in greece is handled . 
  i personally do n't think that austerity will get us out of the problems , although i can see some of the reasoning behind it . 
  but saying that germany has basically enslaved the continent and comparing it to the ns regime is plain bullshit . 
  i am notoriously bad at relationships . 
  i read that you would do that in case of the loss of air pressure . 
  which could also make the co-pilot pass out . 
  but the fact that the captain could not enter the cockpit means that he either did n't know the code or that the co-pilot overrode it at least once . 
  edit : fuck , apparently it is `` override '' and not `` overwrite '' . 
  til .
