  after the fond is empty either pension taxes or normal taxes will rise . 
  but at least they kept their promise for now . 
  yay . 
  at the same time my government tells other governments to reduce spending ( note : we are still not reducing our debt but increase it further ) . 
  additionally the new rules apply only for people who worked continuously their whole life , which is more and more unusual as short-term contract work and unpaid internships are on the rise . 
  so only old people who already are eligible for a good pension get more , not the construction worker who was unemployed during the winter and ca n't keep working until he is 67 . 
  graah , i am so angry about this . 
  all the old people who did not get enough children to pay their pension now get more money as long as we have it . 
  but nobody thinks beyond the next elections and about what is going to happen in 20 years . 
  one problem is that old people are a big and increasing voting group and they apparently only think about their last remaining years and not beyond . 
  exactly , i was thinking about east frisia ( ostfriesland ) when i choose this flair , as the inter-frisian flair is not available ( yet ? 
  another german here . 
  i remember talking about the czech republic mostly as an example of how the appeasement politics failed when germany got the sudetenland ( munich contract ) and later invaded the rest of the country . 
  and as you said , the country comes up again at the end of the cold war . 
  most advanced politics and history courses at my school choose prague as their a-level-trip destination and probably learn a lot about czech beer and clubs i 'd guess . 
  germany does not even have a minimum wage . 
  compare cost of living between germany and romania . 
  would you like to sit around all day and get your money from your working neighbors ? 
  i did not think so . 
  neither do most romanians . 
  taxes are not necessarily bad for business . 
  it depends how a country uses the money . 
  invest in education , infrastructure and small companies is good , investing in military or big companies probably not so much for the overall economy . 
  i always respected the bbc for their coverage of foreign countries and documentaries . 
  but in this case i think they are way to close to their own government . 
  just repeating what government officials or the heads of the intelligence services are saying ( `` the guardian aided terrorists blablabla '' etc. ), 
  is not enough . 
  it is the same with the heads of the mi5/mi6/gchq at the parliament hearing : `` did you talk about your us counterparts over the fact that 850,000 people had access to your files ? '', 
  `` yes , we are doing that '' `` thank you very much '' - wtf ?!, 
  what happened to the press in the uk ? 
  it is the same thing with programming languages as with latin : you do n't learn a language to be able to speak it/code with it . 
  you learn it so that you understand the basic fundamentals of humans language/programming languages . 
  you will be able to learn other languages much faster , see the similar patterns and so on . 
  also knowledge about the way how computers `` think '' is important to understand , why facebook suddenly knows other friends of you or how your credit rating may be connected to your twitter account . 
  not everybody needs to be a programmer . 
  i learned chemistry at school and i am no chemist . 
  i read about this `` calling germans ` mute ' thing '' somewhere . 
  apparently we were called mute by the slav because you could not understand us . 
  slav comes from `` speaking '' . 
  it is the same with the greek and the `` barbarians '' : they only understood `` blablabla '' when they talked to them , to they had to be `` blablars '' . 
  language is fun !, 
  right , i had to translate between mcdonalds employees and an us-american couple some years ago . 
  ironically they went to mcdonalds because they thought that in a us owned restaurant they would speak english . 
  ( fast food cashiers also are often not exactly the overachievers of the german schooling system , like everywhere i would think ), 
  i think western values are still pretty great . 
  but i seems that some western countries have forgotten about them . 
  most dutch i spoke to just switched to speaking german ( so i could not show my awesome language skills ( `` bedankt ! '' ) ) . 
  but i agree that germans older than 30 mostly speak bad english , if at all . 
  i think that is because foreign movies and series are translated and not just subtitled . 
  the younger generation watches the us series on the internet in the original language , so this may change in the future . 
  and that is okay . 
  you will be fluent after 3 months - as long as you `` insist '' on speaking dutch when talking with dutch people . 
  of course they speak english often quite well , but you would learn nothing that way . 
  also , as a german i often find dutch to be a mixture of english and german , so i can often understand written sentences , although i am not fast enough to make sense of everything when it is spoken . 
   he said the driver was on the way to bielefeld train station , in north-west germany i call fake . 
  yes , and it is unlikely that the president of the federal office for the protection of the constitution would push for something this big without backing from the ministry . 
  your friends probably still address you by your first name . 
  with some machine learning the real first name extraction could be easily automated . 
  and if you use a fake surname i bet someone of your family wanted to add you as their cousin/uncle/aunt whatever and they could start guessing your real surname . 
  not in every case obviously , but in many . 
  despite the title it is actually a beautiful story . 
  really interesting [ podcast ] ( http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/561/nummi-2015 ) on this american life on that topic : how the japanese improved american car quality with the `` toyota way '' . 
  just today news broke that vw sold more cars than toyota in the first half of this year . 
  toyotas sales dropped 1.5 % while vw sales , well , dropped only 0.5 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-28/vw-overtakes-toyota-for-global-sales-lead-in-first-half ), 
  shade444 :  pensioners have been paying taxes for their entire life [ ... ] and now you are comparing them to refugees/immigrants who just come to sweden to enjoy free benefits . 
  i count 2 generalizations , 2 assumptions and 0 rational thinking . 
  it is the opposite in computer science . 
  as a german i can talk to my co-workers in danish if we talk about technical issues , because like half of the words are english anyway and my little dansk is enough . 
  as soon as the conversation drifts to other topics ( apart from food and clothes , things i already learned ) i am lost . 
  the common language in the office is english anyway , i am just trying to improve my skills and show some respect to the native language . 
  never heard that , do you have a source ? 
  `` otto van bismarck , unifier of germany '' - but secretly a self-loathing dutchman ? 
  seriously , interesting read , thank you , 
  [ ] you understand how an asylum application works . 
  there was a sport event where one part-taking team wore t-shirts with that slogan . 
  it was mixed refugees/german leftists . 
  it is unlikely that the refugees knew what it meant , they were simply instrumented by those idiots . 
  how did the italian government/local governments react to this ? 
  i read that the some region hold 20 % of the company ? 
  merkels reaction , giving her political parties standpoint on the matter , was the right one . 
  it would have been much worse if she had lied to the girl and tried to give the impression that she could do something for her . 
  that being said , her political standpoint is stupid imho . 
  this girl in particular and many other immigrants from that region are examples for very successful integration . 
  even by selfish standards only : by sending them back we are n't doing ourselves a favour . 
  hmm ... is that because of the port of rotterdam ? 
  or is there some industry branch i am overlooking right now ? 
   implying that the sun ever shines in great britain . 
  in case that would happen , would n't an exit result in an even bigger disadvantage ? 
  what would the euronzone countries gain from disadvantaging for example the uk ( apart from the debatable disadvantage of not having the same currency ) ? 
   utter butter former swedish prime minister g\u00f6ran persson himself [ was a witness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqhttg9pkvq ) . 
  and while we eu-immigrants work our collective ass off the native population rests comfortably on our benefits !, 
  get a job guys !, 
  although i am generally in favour of more investments and less austerity in greece , you named already one difference ( beside the most evil regime thing obviously ) :  [ germany was ] utterly at the mercy of the allies the allies could ( and had to , considering germanys recent past at the time ) control everything in germany . 
  what the money is spent on , who becomes a politician , who becomes a servant of the state , everything . 
  it is a lot easier to give money when you control every aspect of how it is spend . 
  but we ( thankfully ) do n't occupy greece . 
  there is the ( justified , giving greeces recent past ) fear , that money given to the greek governments will be spend on votes or not spend at all for the greek people , but will stay in the pockets of the politicians and their friends . 
  nobody wants that , greek or german . 
  who can guarantee that the greek state will become functional and effective while the ez supplies the money ?
