maybe only foreigners who do n't have a flag yet get one ? 
  i will report in as soon as i now . 
  april 16th , 2015 `` happy birthday streamlin3d !, 
  did you get a flag ? '', 
  i do n't agree with the former deputy commander . 
  russia has some good equipped elite troops , the ones that are on the front line right now . 
  but the large majority of the russian military has old vehicles , old weapons and is still underpaid ( although that got better in the last 10 years ) . 
  the uk , france and germany alone outspend russia on it military and the eastern european states would fight for their existence . 
  it would get really bad ( military/civilian losses , destroyed cities ) without us help of course , but western europe can not be described as powerless . 
  what is still missing is a eu wide military command structure , but in case of war this would happen pretty quickly . 
  there is still a big leap to be done by russian to get from unofficially supporting rebels in non-nato non-eu eastern ukraine and start a full-blown war with the worlds most powerful economic region . 
  causally watching a video of lithuania after w\u00f6rk is done and seeing the windmills that are built ... or well , at least developed , in my home town over there - nice !, 
  thanks to you i used the last 20 minutes to find sources for that claim . 
  did not find any , just [ a reddit post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2da71b/eli5_what_is_the_smallest_number_of_people_needed/cjnlc0b ) from / u/ryguythescienceguy who majored in genetics and went to bed 4 hours ago , but read a lot of interesting [ discussions ] ( http://www.sciforums.com/showthread.php?105130-minimum-viable-human-population ) . 
  i do n't mistrust science , i mistrust humans ( in part because i am one ) . 
  in gymnasium i had to honour to travel to munich and together with some older history students and interview otto von habsburg , oldest son of the last austrian emperor ( i was selected on the basis of `` hey , you can do things with computers , right ? 
  you surely can also handle this audio recording thing '' ) . 
  highly intelligent man , and although he in some regards was stuck in the past he never wanted to re-install ( even a solely `` touristic '' - driven ) monarchy . 
  edit : hmm ... 
  i am currently thing about that `` highly intelligent '' , considering some positions regarding jews and homosexuals he took . 
  maybe i was a bit too impressed as a 15 year old by this old man speaking x-languages and talking about political decisions he took since the 1930s . 
   i would n't want to spend all that time and money just to talk politics with someone i do n't know . 
  i 'd want to talk about everything but politics . 
  well , you can always say that and start talking about something else and we wo n't go full politics on you . 
  it is really just a casual topic for many people here , and not a casual topic in the us . 
  that is what i wanted to express , no fear !, 
  no , you found out my little secret : i am originally from [ east frisia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_frisia ) , which is east of groningen , in germany . 
  we used to be united in the kingdom magna frisia ... good old times ... 
  unfortunately there is no east frisian flag , and therefore i shamelessly adopted the friesland one . 
  i can not speak for other countries , but i want to explain some behavior you might encounter in germany . 
  germans generally like individual us-americans ( and are somewhat divided on the us government ) . 
  but we also like to ( for foreigners : very bluntly ) discuss politics . 
  if you meet some germans in a bar they most likely wo n't talk to you about their family or so , but are often keen on discussing controversial political topics . 
  i found that it is the other way around in the us . 
  topics may include the nsa , gun control , education or drone strikes . 
  while it may seem rude , most people are just really interested in your opinion on the topics , so do n't hesitate to explain your point of view . 
  it 's just a discussion . 
  if a russian would come along the first question they would be asked is probably their opinion on crimea , followed by a discussion of the media and putin or so . 
  it is nothing personal . 
  although some ( especially older `` highbrow '' ) german think that the us does not have a really deep , sophisticated culture , us culture is everywhere in germany . 
  we watch breaking bad , the wire , and the simpsons , consume us music/fastfood and wear t-shirts with nonsense english words on them ( `` street cred division 1984 # 1 usa original '' ) . 
  apart from that in southern germany there are still a lot of big us military bases , so there are things cinemas with movie in original language and some chains that are usually not in germany . 
  berlin and hamburg have also big us immigrant communities . 
  i know . 
  every time i read for too long in the german media how bad germany is doing , i go to the guardian . 
  gives me a nice , warm feeling that everything is gon na be alright . 
  additionally , if his photo was published there , he may be already `` brought to justice '' by his comrades . 
  if he did not want to say his name or rank , why would they publish his photo ? 
   wwii is over , we need to scrap any remnants of it that treat germany as a potential warmonger ... to make germany a potential warmonger again !, 
  scnr no , seriously , germany wo n't build up a `` adequate '' military alone , but only indirectly within an integrated eu military . 
  kind of like the d-mark had to go to weaken a unified germany and integrate it further into the eu ( well , at least that was the plan ) . 
  and really i am okay with that . 
   everyone checking who was selling what secrets to the russians . 
  remember the guy who sold secrets to the cia ? 
  turns out he in fact liked it so much , he tried to sell secrets to the russian swr , too - and luckily got caught . 
  a responsible ally would have told german counter-intelligence right at the beginning that there is a leak in their organization - if only to protect the intelligence they themselves gave this organization access to . 
  i 've been to two doner shops in the bristol area and compared to `` german '' d\u00f6ners , they included a lot more meat and sauce . 
  in the last 5 years i observed a development in the german d\u00f6ner industry to include more tomatoes , salad and even things like beetroot , which are both healthier and cheaper . 
  the d\u00f6ners do n't feel so massive and stuffed , but much fluffier and i want to say - even kind of `` light '' . 
  i will continue my research for this community of course . 
  ( mostly drunk ), 
  well , there is `` using your influence '' and there is `` threatening to leave the eu every time you do n't get what you want '' . 
  so if muslims are pigs according to this idiot the tierschutzpartei ( animal protection party ) would have to save them , right ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  maybe an opportunistic visionary ? 
  what blaubar said . 
  additionally , the bnd is allowed to analyse 20 % of the data traffic at the frankfurt internet node , which is one of the biggest internet backbones outside the us . 
  but instead of using this 20 % , which should be more than enough for targeting communication of interest , they told the isp to allow them access to all the traffic and let the bnd decide for itself how much/what it wants to analyse . 
  and because the law is not clear about whether they can access 20 % of the current traffic or 20 % of the potential traffic ( how much the node could handle ) they are free to analyse basically as much as their systems can handle ( probably a lot , the nsa was impressed by the german capabilities in 2006 , [ source ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/german-intelligence-sends-massive-amounts-of-data-to-the-nsa-a-914821.html ) ) . 
  so for me this is not a germany vs. usa and uk thing , but a people against uncontrolled secret services thing . 
  the german services are in no way better than the us and uk ones , just a lot more incompetent when it comes to counter-intelligence . 
  source ( german ) : http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2014-03/bnd-ueberwachung-kontrolle-g-10 edit : just looked it up , the frankfurt internet exchange is in fact the biggest ix worldwide according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de-cix ), 
  the intelligence agencies are in a comfortable situation here : no attacks happen : `` well , that is because we are so efficient . 
  we of course stopped many attacks from happening , but i can not tell you anything about them . '', 
  an attack happens : `` well , that is because we need more money/less regulations . '', 
  how many people died because of terror attacks in europe and how many died of car crashes ? 
  i personally can live with the incredibly small chance of getting blown up just like i drive on the streets every day . 
  i do n't have a problem with spying in its original form : targeting persons of interest ( like merkel , government officials or military industry ) and spying on them . 
  but what the nsa , gchq and of course also the german bnd are doing is spying on everyone . 
  no targeting , no rules , no ethical boundaries . 
  that is the problem in my opinion . 
  i do n't even have doubt that the secret services do it for the right reasons . 
  but no one can guarantee that the reasons they spy on us wont change . 
  and then freedom of speech or public assembly would become impossible instantly , as they have access to every form of mass communication . 
  just comparing someone with a nazi or something nazi related is not prosecuted by law ( as long as you do n't start smear campaigns like writing it everywhere on the internet , but saying it to the persons face ) . 
  but obviously it is the hardest possible way to insult a german . 
  not just rude but much more . 
  so you might face a private lawsuit initiated by the german you insulted . 
  i have the feeling that some foreign politicians who use nazi comparisons to describe things like german austerity do n't know what this sounds like to a german ( at least i hope that ) . 
  also words like ` grammar nazi ' or anything that could play down the horrors of the ns regime should not be said . 
  forbidden by law is to show the nazi salute , scream `` heil hitler '' , show swastikas armbands etc. , dishonor the victims of the holocaust or agitate against persons because of their religion/sexuality/physical appearance and so on . 
  but if you do this as part of an art installation or a movie about ww2 it is allowed again . 
  i live in stuttgart and here is the us africa and us europe command and a lot of other us bases . 
  so i see us military police quite often , but never tanks or so . 
  back in my hometown i saw military jets on a daily basis flying over . 
  airborne sar at sea is also part of the navy , seaborne sar is done by a non-profit organization ( dgzrs ) . 
  in the last few years the military tries to organize their `` oath event '' at public places , but there are often protests against they , because , you know , germany . 
  haha :d maybe my post came across a little harsh . 
  i mean , i really like my grandparents in the end . 
  but in this case our government promised on the one hand to not increase taxes - a promise they could only keep by taking the money from the pension fond which will last only for some more years - and on the other hand giving costly presents to their voter groups .
