  eu is practically the same . 
  the comparison has been thrown at me far to many a times by lefties . 
  this is exactly what i am talking about . 
  keynesian economists dismiss the fundamentals of our world by thinking they know the world . 
  they do not and can not and this is where their policies fail . 
  the lack of understanding your limitations leads to failure . 
  always has . 
  this guy is something . 
  you can not extrapolate one small country to all of europe , but you can extrapolate the usa to the rest of the world . 
  making a point , that not cutting spending leads to ever greater debt and associated problems , which in the long run have always hurt the economy of every single country which implemented keynesian policies . 
  that is a false assumptions about an argument i did not make . 
  if you are unable to comprehend it , here it is simplified . 
  keynes argued , after hayek discredited his general theory , that although his views implemented are not sustainable in the long run , it does not matter , because we will be dead by the time it all will have come crashing down . 
  so many people read a few books and theoritise never to look through the window and see the complexity which they can not possibly comprehend , yet they in their ignorance aspire to do just that . 
  yes , of course . 
  never mind the humungous debt and all the consequences it will bring in the long run . 
  but , as keynes would say , we 're all dead in the long run , so why bother . 
  you forgot to mention the former prime minister who lost the election and is now lobbying for the vice-presidency of the eu . 
  she got the job of pm only because she was stupid enough to take it , not brave . 
  she borrowed more then all the other governments combined , nodded to the imf , her left ( i should say stupid , because otherwise it would be an insult to leftist politics in trully progressive countries ) politics brought us closer to serfdom than we ever were under other cabinets . 
  three consecutive times , her government issued bonds a few days before the interest rates fell and refused to identify the buyer , who then turned out to be one of the biggest investors in the world with ties to the usa , germany , brazil and more . 
  see what i 'm getting at ? 
  incompetence and intransparency at its finest . 
  furthermore , her policies had nothing to do with less extortionist rates . 
  the sole credit for this , goes to the ecb who assured to the markets , that the euro wo n't fail again in the near future . 
  to top it all of , she is egoistic and downright nasty . 
  appointing herself while being incompetent on matters of economics and language , she brings forth a message that egoism , self-promotion and end-justifies-the-means is the norm in our country and the eu . 
  and for chrissake , this is n't about her being a woman , it 's about her being someone who got to the top because of being a deceiver , when she should have gotten to the top by being hardworking , knowledgeable and competent . 
  she promptly got a job paying 20k $ / month and said `` do n't cry for me slovenia '' . 
  i 'm slipping out of a rational debate here , so i 'll conclude . 
  and perhaps this rant would n't happen if there were not for your comment in which you display your lack of knowledge in basic economics while listing sensationalist theses which resemble the sensationalist headlines of the media that you so despise for their shallowness . 
   but they will leave women alone ( locked in the house , they are n't soldiers ) . 
  good one . 
  all of the sudden , isis is good to women ? 
  what a joke ! < and for chrissake , these are migrants , not refugees . 
  refugees do n't travel 4000km through ca . 
  10 countries to escape from war . 
  they travel that much for economic gains . 
  well , it is our fault . 
  we 've voted the same party in power in the last three general elections . 
  although each election was won by another party , they 're all reincarnations of the old lds ( liberal democracy of slovenia ) which led slovenia in the booming early 2000s . 
  this party did nothing right nor did it do anything wrong , simply because it maintained the status quo and did little in way of reforms . 
  that 's not so catastrophic in times of economic boom which the early 2000s were , but not feaseble in times of recession . 
  particularly last years ' general election winner ( the party - smc , was established mere weeks before the election ) is a prime example of no policy and many old faces from the lds all ready to maintain the status quo for them and their family and friends . 
  the only legislation they 've been able to pass is the `` marriage equality '' law , which was not even pushed into the parliamentary disscussion by them but by the far-left united left . 
  recession is here , we used to laugh at czechs , slovaks and the baltics , now they 're to surpass us in gdp only because they had the moral fiber to elect people in charge who implemented the right reforms and were not afraid to trample someone 's priviliges . 
  it 's not a rally against homosexuality , but a rally against gay marriage . 
  big difference , which reddit can not grasp . 
  this guy looks like a cuckold . 
  am i not allowed to debate same-sex adoption here ? 
  perhaps i am , but can i not debate it ? 
   it 's a blog post from a conservative think tank that categorically is against gay marriage and adoption . 
  if you say that my sources were selective , how do you know that your sources are n't ? 
  your source is categorically against gay marriages and adoption , whereas my sources are scientific bodies and studies . 
  puting labels like conservative on something and scientific on something , does not make one or the other inferior or superior in a certain field . 
  we come back to my question whether science has a place in the field of marriage and adoption as its faults have been pointed out in my linked article . 
  i doubt you even read it , you went on to find ` incriminating ' evidence against the site where it was published . 
  bang , we 've got it : conservative , against gay marriage and adoption . 
  it has no place in the debate whatsoever . 
   besides , scientific statements should not be taken from partisan non-scientific blogs . 
  the blog you linked is not a scientific study nor a scientific body making a statement . 
  science is n't done in blog posts . 
  there are blog posts refuting global warming , evolution , hiv-aids connection and so on and people like you and me do n't spot the errors in them , because we are not professionals in those fields . 
  likewise the writer of that blog is not a professional of the subject , and in addition he has a political agenda against gay marriage . 
  do you have the qualifications to spot if he has written disinformation to that blog post ? 
  i assume you do not . 
  no lay man has , and that is why scientific claims are not to be taken from blogs . 
  to refute scientific studies , one must publish a scientific study , not write a blog post . 
  to refute statements from scientific authorities , one must present contradicting statements from a much larger body of scientific authorities . 
  you presented neither , instead linked a single blog post from a source which is neither a scientific study nor a scientific authority . 
  first of all , reading the article would bring you to the regnerus study . 
  further research would bring you to numerous scientific studies saying i am on the right side of this argument and you merely on the right side of history . 
  and some of these studies do not posses the methodological fails of the pro-gay marriage camp ones . 
  and you can go around throwing the ideological agenda of these studies as can i. 
  but this is not the point i 'm trying to make . 
  the point is , you 're not thinking nor looking around . 
  your faith in science is way over the top . 
  that is your only argument here . 
  science , science , science . 
  the positivist notion that empirical methods can be applied to the liberal arts is , in my view , false and you fail to see it . 
  however , if you read the article , you 'd see it is in fact scientific , but your bias is preventing you to . 
  this is what i 'm writing about . 
  you do not look around nor do you think . 
  science is your god , while metaphysics or philosophical anthropology are strangers to you , even if they have superior methods to deal with the problem . 
  explaining it all would require a great deal of effort i do not posses for a social justice warrior . 
   natural phenomena , just like the feeling of love , do n't have any other meaning or purpose that we give to them . 
  there is no fundamental difference in homosexual and heterosexual love in their purpose or meaning , other than we wish to ascribe to them , and what we ascribe to them depends on the person . 
  you say there is a fundamental difference in the teleology of homosexual and heterosexual relationships . 
  yet you failed to name it . 
  i do not equate love and relationships . 
  you do . 
  there may be no teleological digression between these two forms of love , however that is not the case for a relationship . 
  you 'll need to read what i wrote again ( and the article i posted , do n't forget about that ! ) . 
   you being gay does not make your argument right . 
  a black person can think africans are subhumans who deserve to be slaves . 
  the color of his skin does not prove his argument is right . 
  it 's amazing how you do not stop at the notion that i 'm a homo . 
  your will to prove your point is so large you 're trying to tell me you know what i think , what i 've experienced and what i 've deduced in life . 
  you just know stuff and i do n't . 
  and i never wrote i was right because i 'm gay , i merely wrote i think i know more about homosexual love than you .
