they have n't dealt with their communist past and distanced itself from it . 
  which is impossible for them as they are the remnants of the gdr . 
  merkel 's time will pass , as is normal in democracies . 
  parties like die linke with their communist legacy tend to think they 're ideas are eternal . 
  so if king of europe merkel is your problem , you do n't have problems . 
  well she could see through the error of her views , die linke , even to this day , can not . 
  oh yes there is and that is the paradox of far left and far right parties . 
  they ( even though their economic platform is radically different ) see putin as the harbinger of either anti-capitalism and anti-americanism and pro-nationalism . 
  in essence , these parties base their belief on garnering emotional response from their voter base , instead of a rational one . 
  they 're populist with no reasonable and feasable agenda . 
  you do not understand the concept of socialism which needs centralisation if it should work the way it is supposed to . 
  it necessarily warrants a power concentration in a political centre as it is unable to manage the economy ( i.e. 
  redestribute wealth ) without stemming from a few individuals who are deemed the central planners . 
  you either control the economy from a centre or you let the market run . 
  no middle ground . 
  and let me stress again , there is no other way to impose socialism today but by authoritarian measures . 
  do you think you would convince factory owners and capitalists to just hand over what many have not inherited but worked extremely hard ( much harder than a normal factory worker ) for . 
  and stop being condecending , not every super-rich person is evil personified nor have all of them inherited their wealth ( see above ) . 
  why would technology necessitate socialism ? 
  that is an oximoron . 
  if anything , socialist countries today are technological backwaters and the countries deemed neoliberal are the ones who lead in the technology race . 
  the fault in redistribution lies in this : to redistribute `` fairly '' someone always suffers . 
  and when someone decides who suffers , it is normally the ones who differ from someone 's world view , who do . 
  even if , someone has good intentions , he must take from one to give to the other . 
  redistribution is thus never fair . 
  and when man 's selfish nature is involved , the one doing the redistributing will always look after himself first . 
  a capitalist system has n't a rule-bending system like this integrated in it , though i admit , it is far from perfect and people with more money tend to find loopholes . 
  that being said , capitalism is aware of it 's imperfection , socialism is not . 
  socialism also predicts all people are good and altruistic , it blatanly refuses to see most people for who they are , selfish and self-serving ( not all people are like that ) . 
  i shall demonstrate this in the following paragraph . 
  as for not being able to climb on the social ladder you are false again . 
  there has never been a better system for rewarding dilligence as we the system we have now . 
  true , you could jump from a worker to the head of state in a matter of months in socialism , if only you wore the right colours . 
  some people were not like this , and even if they worked hard , they could n't climb the social ladder and were many times ( because of their political views ) even pushed down . 
  today , despite many leftist arguments , we might not start with the same predispositions , but we all have the means to achieve almost anything we wish for , provided we work hard for it . 
  i have to stress , that while writing the last sentence i have not taken into account some features like personality traits of individuals and or just their bad luck , that play a crucial role in the afore-mentioned process . 
  but you must see the clear difference , in socialism a person decides your future , in a capitalist system your future is decided by yourself or by unforseen forces . 
  and as long as there is a person involved in your life like that , they have all the power to make you rich or poorer then you ever were . 
  look at history ( or for that matter the present time ) and tell me which is more likely ? 
  this is the problem of something that first seems rational and humane , that something being redistribution with good intentions . 
  yes , your use of the term neoliberalism is of course wrong . 
  it is typical for ideological discurse of the radical left parties seen around the world . 
  big bad capitalism with it 's privatisation against the true heroes - the working class who are so poor they tweet from their ipads . 
  i 'll stop the lunacy here . 
  you see , exactly the free enterprise system provides the conditions in which i can buy food , pay my rent , etc if , of course , i am dilligent enough . 
  those looking for handouts are not welcome . 
  socialism meanwhile strives for the common good of all , without ever explaining what the common good is . 
  the sheer scope of individuals socialists overlook is amazing . 
  how can something be good for everyone ? 
  socialism only promises you a sort of happiness , a feeling of being content . 
  we have seen how well people can feed off of the gross domestic happiness in north korea , venezuela , cuba . 
  an for your notion of a system that feeds of the poor : never has there been a society where the poor were more free and better off that in a free market society . 
  they were still poor , but with a chance to escape the vicious cycle , whereas in socialism ... well , look no further than your favourite best korea . 
  why is it ` much of a stretch ' ? 
  because you do n't know what i 'm talking about or you 're unable to comprehend it ? 
  if i have so far taken you seriously , it ends here and you only strengthen my view by claiming that you would rather live in authoritarian socialism than a liberal and democratic state . 
  and no , i have n't read you wrong , i 'm only saying that economic freedom is interdependent with democracy . 
  let me ask you : would you , rather than live in a liberal democracy , live in a state , that controls how much internet you can spend per day , how much gasoline you can spend per day , how much m & m packs you can buy per day , how much bread can you buy per day . 
  that is socialism . 
  in venezuela they are doing just that , fingerprint scanning for how much you can buy . 
  and yes , the gap between the poor and the rich is narrower there , but at what expense . 
  at , firstly , taking from the rich and giving to the poor and secondly , at all being equal in poverty . 
  you do not comprehend how insolent your notion of rather wanting to live in socialism is , how incredibly degrading it is to the millions people who have lived through a socialist authoritarian nightmare ( many died in the process and it is degrading to them aswell ) . 
  but i hope , that some day , from your ignorance , will a new mindset be born . 
  for that , a paradigm shift is needed . 
  something i can not give you , something only you can achieve yourself . 
  it starts by learning the facts . 
  christ ... 
  if for you , scandinavia is socialist , you obviously do n't know what socialism stands for : power concentrated in a political centre , which then manages economic and social issues . 
  scandinavia never was socialist - it has been social democratic , meaning it has established a welfare state within a capitalist society . 
  that 's good , to some extent . 
  so firsty , get your facts straight , before you jump on the anti-capitalist bandwagon , as you might find it out the hard way , if socialism should ever return . 
  why does socialism lead to authoritarianism ? 
  when socialists want to manage the economy it is inevitable , that they must curb the rights of some for others to benefit i.e. 
  redistribute wealth . 
  that 's putting it simply , because for me to explain how socialism invades every pore of ( at first ) the economy and consequently your private life , i have n't the willpower . 
  i 'd suggest reading hayek for that . 
  i 'm aghast at how neoliberalism has become a term for everything bad that ever happened in the world . 
  and how , many have forgotten what authoritarian policies do to freedom of individuals . 
  and the gentle slide through social democracy and then democratic socialism leads to authoritarianism . 
  i 'd rather a corrupt government that adheres to free trade and privatisation to some degree than socialism for a greater good , which has always led to misery of those who did not think in cohort with the ruling ideology . 
  you have the confidence of someone who has never studied christianity , it just shows your ignorance . 
  what forms ? 
  what is the root of all evil ? 
  but , eu has brought an end to conflict between states in europe . 
  no one pointing out how stupid it is for an md to be in charge of the health ministry ? 
  in other words , an md being in charge of a company , without having any managerial or economic skills . 
  never thought a politician could be inspiring . 
  you speak as if quoting some macroeconomics textbook , without any insight in the real situation . 
  or , to be precise , with very limited insight , as keynes himself did . 
  i wonder , how then , in countries implementing the policies you advocate , there is no surplus when your economic stimuli decrease debt so dramatically . 
  this really is a false claim , backed by a narrow view of the field of economics . 
  fascinating , how your knowledge of history is flawed . 
  while keynesian economics dominated the post ww2 period , from thatcher onward it has been monetarism , that is the dominant economic principle . 
  only after the crisis of 2008 some socialist got the notion that central planning and borrowing might be good . 
  of course it can , but by far not as easily . 
  it depends on the government medling where it should n't . 
  whereas borrowing always leads to bigger debt , higher inflation , higher prices , stagnating gdp and at the end of the cycle another , deeper recession . 
  with it 's own currency and monetary policy , numerous fiscal policies . 
  and different historical backgrounds and cultural traditions , something many americans dismiss .
