am i the only one who feels like making migrants and refugees to the country citizens and simply giving them a quick welfare start for like half a year and then taxing them . 
  if they want to live in the country , simply let them and tax them like anyone else . 
  because for me , beyond taxation in excahnge of social services , law enforcement and military protection , a country does n't mean horribly much else . 
  here in lithuania we straight up do n't talk about it . 
  we close out eyes , put fingers in ear and go : lalalalalalalala lithuania for lithuanians noone is coming, 
   idk and other countries what 's with the god damn outlook `` anywhere but us '' , pretty much just constatly trying to drop the problem to others ? 
  if they are living in that the country , they must abide its laws and pay its taxes , no exceptions , weather they are foreigners or natives . 
  and when it comes to proving , what 's wrong with the usual police investigation methods , it 's not like these crimes are somehow unique in nature . 
  the same bloody way we do with everyone fokin else . 
  it 's called innocent until proven guilty . 
  what if yes ? 
  what if they are fleeing simply because the laws state that if you do n't follow a particular sect of islam you get no minimal wage ? 
  or perhaps are even imprisoned ? 
   last time i visited hungary it was quite nice . 
  to think that in reality it is worse than syria . 
  it 's not . 
  but what is european and what is not ? 
  for me a european is a citizen of eu , and a citizen of eu is whoever pays taxes to a country belonging to eu , nationality irrevalent . 
  we are not even talking about the us invasion lad . 
  we are talking good old post fall of ottoman empire british colonialism , drawing arbitrary lines in the sand and putting in power dictatorships . 
  that is why i love the way the european police operates compared to usa . 
  have a talk first , arrest later . 
  ffs is basic human right of food , toiket and a roof over ones head difficult for you people to understand !, 
  it also helps with handling contraband !, 
  but when do you declare `` war is over '' . 
  afganistan technicaly has n't been in a war since the soviets invaded it , but by no definition it is a safe plays . 
  african nations run by dictators are n't at war , but the leads of those countries are sure treating them like they are at war . 
  when does `` war and disaster '' end and `` stability and rebuilding '' begin ? 
  there is a quick 1 sentence solution to their departure date either , trust me . 
  it 's sideways . 
  you do n't appear to be encouraging much of a discussion with your cussing either . 
  majority of emigrants are pretty recent , with the explosion of the syrian war to a whole new level as a cause , to add most of them work illegally , unable to find a legal job instead . 
  admittedly , this kind of well anti-other nations is common within european history to begin with , to withch adds that majority of current european countries are nation states born out of nationalistic ( not neccesarily shovinistic ) movements and the idea of more than one or two nations living in the country shakes it foundations a bit . 
  because neighboring countries aere n't actually that much better ? 
  in addition the refuge camps in neighboring countries tend to be overcrowded to begin with and they innitially fled to them , but are now fleeing from slum conditions there . 
  turkeys immigrants tend to be welthear and more educated - they are more ecenomical emigrants , bit like poles . 
  as opposed to afgani , syrian and somali emmigrants who tend to be less wealthy and less educated due to fleeging from war and partial or complete collapse of goverment system, 
  next thing you know russia will be biulding radio towers to jam `` evil wester propaganda '' radio stations and biulding ridicoluosly inefficiant collective farms . 
  welcome to cycling in eastern europe . 
  where cycling it means you are either taking sidewalk space from pedestrians , or you are in the way of the automobiles . 
  yeah !, 
  dam imigrants stealing our gloruliuos superior white yurop , those damn lower people / s, 
  nobody on a roof 2/10 would not oversell tickets again / s on a sidenote , christ that 's an old train, 
  the soviet anthem that is . 
  not the new one . 
  i mean nobody uses the old ones . 
  except belarus . 
  and russian in music only . 
  yes please, 
  ah yes the classical / r/europe response - blame the immigrants, 
  dont we have those 3 old swedish tanks ? 
  not really . 
  yep , makes sense . 
  if your ammunition storage is about to be captured , might aswell light it on fire and cause some damage . 
  yes , but i mean soviet razor wire . 
  i ca n't find it anywhere , but it consisted of very sharp long blades - i 'd bet it could even cut one 's hand off . 
  the blades are much long than in the picture - i remember seeing them in quite a few places , notably in the front of gruto park , but i think in a few ex-soviet places in lithuania and some places in vietname too . 
  so like marozai in eastern europe ? 
  thats not razor sharp . 
  not by soviet standarts . 
  you 're missing the lithuanians in far north poland and east belarus . 
  but everything indicates that they want that circle . 
  they do n't strife to break the circle , they strife to be the kings of the circle . 
   fear . 
  fear is the point . 
  fear and anger . 
  unoncrollable fear and anger specificly , the kind that goes into post-9 / 11 levels of paranoia . 
  and they are doing a hell of a good job of it . 
  ayy , welcome to conservatism . 
  thats what happens when you have a bad parlament system and let tories win, 
  / r/europe became a much more of a political subreddit , that 's what happened . 
  so were not even linking articles anymore ? 
  are daily mail cartoons now okay aswell ? 
  can we have atleast some content quality management ? 
  thats the ideal . 
  and it almoust always happens otherwise . 
   youre describing islam lmao no , i am rather describing what most extremist do when they get into power ? 
  cracky , is the maroz ( chav for british ) or oligarch look really appealing to bulgarian voters ? 
  i do n't know have you taken a look at the history of stalinist ussr and nazi germany ? 
  both countries were bases upon political extremes - right in germany , and left in russia . 
  and i think it is almoust universally agreed those countries did some very nasty things ( understatements ) to both its citizens and its neightboring nations . 
  my point is that extremes are never good . 
  progress requires compromise . 
   only the neighbouring countries are required to take them in . 
  the rest are permitted , and should , send them back to the neighbouring countries . 
  problem is , the neightbouring countries no longer have even close the resources left to continue tacle this on its own . 
  can we agree that this is an unpreparedness and unexpectedness crisis first ? 
  i think the system of reddit itself encouragises polarization - upvote or downvote . 
  yes or no . 
  not voting makes you simply not matter . 
  i do n't know , systematic lawfully bases hatred and discrimination ? 
  favoritism of suppreassion of basic human rights in favor of idealogy ? 
  their almoust seemingly inevitable development into militarism ? 
  i do n't say that right wing is a bad choice , despite being a left winger , but absolute extreme right wing like op is talking about ? 
  nothing ever good comes out of extremes . 
  neither left nor right . 
  the right doesnt compromise , they make other do that . 
  so basically you are saying someone said someone that someone said unrest . 
  `` the article is reality '' only in / r/europe do people praise the media as speaking the thruth if it fits what they believe while simultaniuosly comdening it for being `` evil leftist propaganda '' when it does n't . 
  can you now give a translation in an english language ?
