  ai n't it wonderful to have your future be decided by people who will die in the next 5 years ? 
  personally i hope that does n't happen to uk . 
  i hope they make a message out of uk . 
  so by that definition poland should be thrown out of eu ? 
  pretty much why 1st/2nd/3rd world style division does n't work . 
  this is straight up lies . 
  simple !, 
  saying you are doing it for catholicism in polands nets you extra popularity . 
  nice . 
  '' so is part of russia , yes ? '', 
  my god !, 
  sharpening that edge i see ? 
  to be haid , more often than not most rethoric against muslims involve 's studies that have < = 500 muslims as the study group , so this is hardly relevant . 
  is it actually cheaper than other chains ( maxima , iki ) like people predicted ? 
  unfotunately everyone is so ridicolous and populist that it 's hard to tell when it 's satire and when someone actually thinks that . 
  if you think that european trooks are n't in the baltics , you are ignorant . 
  the national military day was couple weeks ago . 
  it was filled with not only us , but also german and protugese troops . 
  what ? 
  holy crap . 
  more like they were cracked down because due to uber being a taxi mafia was no longer profitable . 
  yes you can indirectly : https://imgur.com/a/zruiq . 
  so uh what are those things called european elections then ? 
  swiss do n't want it . 
  they want to stay neural . 
  germany has the same power as all . 
  it 's just that germany is better at making proposals that other eu countries like and will vote them as well , which is democracy , and remember - democracy is ok only if it 's you winning !, 
  yeah , maybe you should cooperate with other countries and convince them that your proposal is for the better ? 
  as opposed to just going nu-uh ? 
  no , but you see germany convinced other countries that the way it is proposing is better , and that 's wrong !, 
  ayy , did n't know pis propaganda was popular in uk too !, 
  give examples please . 
  because all i have ever seen deleted are personal attacks on each other . 
  because it 's a useful scapegoat to distract people from internal corruption . 
  and because people are n't nearly educated well enough on how important the common market is and how much the eu has done to standardize laws between countries . 
  more like `` you asked for help . 
  we helped you . 
  now you are lying that we did n't help you . '', 
  maybe the taxis should improve and stop their taxi mafia instead ? 
  then maybe stop with the taxi mafia and people wo n't feel the need to use uber ? 
  nah , pretty common is post soviet too . 
  uber is not an exclusive pay up to the mob or perish system and the people who drive uber are far less scummy . 
  should n't have become nazi if they did n't want it . 
  this is not a matter of perspective . 
  it 's the matter that by using goverment ads to push fidesz agenda , they are basically equating that goverment = fidesz and fidesz = goverment . 
  this is soviet russia level of perspective bending where you also had communist party = country and socialism = communist party . 
  because rarely are they actually anti refugee and almost all have taken up such a mantle recently . 
  almost all are populists . 
  i do n't know , separation of church and state ? 
  and also the fact it 's a wee bit cultish ? 
  wow , seriously ? 
  did people question this atleast ? 
  yep , and a couple jets are n't that usefuk , whereas artillery is always useful . 
  i do n't think you can do worse than systematic genocide of 11 million people and starting the biggest war in human history . 
  sincerest condolences to the victims . 
  many panic , but i 'd like to offer words of hope . 
  day by day islamic state withers . 
  mosul has fallen already . 
  these are merely the death screams of a beast - nasty , yes , but death screams nonetheless . 
  most sincere condolences to the families . 
  i hope the perpetrator is caught soon . 
  search and detain everyone who does n't look like me !, 
  yeah . 
  my father despises russia yet due to him watching much russian tv he often imagines eu as undemocratic and homosexuals as trying to turn everyone gay . 
  ow and also anything even remotely socialist = international jewry = evil post soviet traumatic disorder . 
  eesti can into nordic ? 
  it 's uh a lot more complicated than that , such as different areas of the region or timeline or culture ... 
  whataboutism ? 
  nice whataboutism, 
  that 's because you visit websites that follow the common latvian viewpoint . 
  i recommend checking out websites for local russian or polish minorities , as these tend to be much more pro-russia and anti-eu . 
  legitimate source for your claims please . 
  which why it has such problems like a non representitive parliament . 
  buuut it 's all unelected !, 
  a supposedly pro polish minority candidate walking around with yellow black strip at a time where majority of poles in poland hate russia is suspicious . 
  and the fact that it took practically 20 years to lift gazprom 's monopoly on gas in spite of their frequent and unwarranted price increases . 
  and now that suddenly buch of anti-european fake news often get traction . 
  this is not mccartherism silly italian . 
  russia has always had a presence in the baltics , and they 'd like to keep said influence as high as possible . 
  yep . 
  russian interference here has been a long time case - from corruption to informational warfare . 
  i mean why should anyone know how different social groups interact to ensure a fuctional country . 
  i mean , it 's not like international diplomacy or writing laws should be given to someone who knows what he is doing . 
  wait , \u0160ima\u0161ius studied in ceu ? 
  uhh , i 'd like to see a source ? 
  ow fuck off with your romantisation of history . 
  yes . 
  you know the ( ( ( eu ) ) ) . 
  the one that steals your money , abducts children and turns people into homogays / s, 
  the bodies are n't even cold yet . 
  jumping the gun a bit ? 
  just plain culture . 
  the much more rural nature of eastern europe resulted in much of traditional rural outlook living on . 
  it 's a matter of rural vs urban . 
  especially once you take into account that cities were primarily inhabited by jews , and in the case of lithuania - also russians and poles . 
  in lithuania for example , few lithuanians actually lived in cities compared to the rural community . 
  unfortunately ? 
  what was found was the official version with fancy writing . 
  that thing was missing pretty much days after its signing . 
  as it turns out , it was sent to germany together with the german translated version .
