  yeah , but as isis is pushed there will be more similar attempts and some may suceed . 
  this is a good sign . 
  it shows that extremists are getting desperate as their caliphate crumbles under a weight of a thousand laser guided bombs . 
  napoleonic times tended to lack jet figters and nukes . 
  also , i ca n't help but think you might be completely disregarding logistics . 
  a bit of karpats belongs to them . 
  they have parks there . 
  uhh , oppressed russian minorities ? 
  defending ukraine from the globalist homogay conspiracy of the eu ? 
  i mean it 's as old as interwar period , so i think it has escaped the concept of age as far as memes go . 
  you mean [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75zmij_4lfq ), 
  then the winged hussars arrived !, 
  the rethoric and methods are ironic , but support and belief is genuine . 
  ayy , nice edge . 
  he is not an alt-right retard , thacherite or a putinbot ? 
  ayy cuz a theoretical politics degree is more important than years of experience as a eu politician and president of the european parliament, 
  evil commies here to take our free market !!, 
  ! 11 / s lol , what 's next , afd ? 
  because an accountant is useful and smart ? 
  in germany it 's not ones ability to appease the crowds that is liked , it is ones ability to show that they are intelligent . 
  cue op prussian ideas . 
  big grey blob and its space marines . 
  because 3 stripes is the best duh . 
  from the acticle  slovakia has excelent ice hockey players -- 6 times world champion as part of czechoslovakia and 2002 champion as a separate country . 
  slovenia barely got to the a group of the men 's ice hockey world championship -- only 6 times in the best 16 teams of the world . 
  kek, 
  i mean he was `` only '' the president of the european parliament . 
  he is practically the pro-eu candidate . 
  yeah !, 
  we need someone with no experience , no ability to control himself or to act properly in the face of foreign diplomats !, 
  everyone welcome the 45th emperor of rome - commodus !, 
  `` no puppet . 
  no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet ! '', 
  because nuclear arms are a thing . 
  lack of a nuclear alliance allows a nuclear powers to bully non nuclear powers into submission . 
  it should be, 
  the city may be strong , but what about the rest of the region ? 
  or the country ? 
  or europe for that matter ? 
  the angriest response after such attacks is usually not from countries that were attacked . 
  evil msm media liars amirite ? 
  because an extremist response has never backfired in germany / s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii, 
  well they did send a bunch of equipment to the kurds , who are the main opposition to the isis threat after assad . 
  muh freeze speech to deny holocaust and lie / s, 
  yeah , `` a huge amount '' is a proven and statistical number !, 
  / s seriously , is it now wrong to ask for fucking numbers nowadays instead of `` a huge amount '' ? 
  and that is the thing . 
  it will cost to do properly . 
  hard to bribe a country when you do n't know which guys to bribe . 
  source for claims ,, 
  good, 
  the problem is commy block are biult like shit . 
  they leak constantly , heat isolation is barely existant so they cost a ton to heat and electrical installation is usually amateur at best . 
  few weekends is not a full picture . 
  lithuania had quite a hit , but everyone here weathered it . 
  oil baby . 
  it 's all in oil . 
  oil rises russia smiles . 
  but when it does n't ... well just look at yeltsin 's years . 
  it 's because we actually understand the geopolitical danger of russia . 
  lithuania was hit hard , but we all agree it 's a worthy price to pay if it means russia will back down from its agressiveness . 
  probably after the investigation . 
  but they need to see how resposible they are first . 
  whataboutism , nice, 
  2012 data . 
  old . 
  germany is big country . 
  not only that , 30 years ago it was 2 countries . 
  source ? 
  an appeal is effectively a retrial , so if new evidence comes up , yes . 
  fuck hundreds of years of work in human rights to make sure that if someone is wrongfully convicted and evidence comes up disproving his giult later , we can undo it amirite / s, 
  yes , but we didnt lock them up for having a low iq did we ? 
  ah yes the free speech to call for violance and discrimination against an ethnic group . 
  kek . 
  nobody is locking up dumb people for noreason tho, 
  but you see here is the thing about the specialists - you cant have your cake and eat it too . 
  first , good luck finding a filter good enough that doesnt have someone stuck in limbo for 5 years . 
  second lack of other non-germans will make other non-germans , including specialists feel unwelcome , as the country becomes more narrow minded due to interaction with mostly one nationallity . 
  aka they will go to us instead , where they know they can walk down a street without everyone staring them down . 
  there are certain risks you must take when you want good . 
  nuclear power does n't come without danger . 
  but what about the cases when they are actually making racist remarks , like here ? 
  i mean , why even try to have a discussion and a compromise , when we can be at our troats instead ? 
  / s honestly , the new right 's unwillingness to cooperate with anyone but themselves is increadibly offputing to me . 
  this kind of uncooperation is what leads to civil wars, 
  i agree . 
  it 's a bit of an eye opener on what he actually is running . 
  you can say he mispoke all you want , but he is a representative and speaking right is 70 % of his job . 
  courage and honour !, 
  no he is not . 
  he is simply pointing out leftists crimes and avoiding talking about the actual topic , arguing that because we supposedly are n't currently talking about the crimes of the left , therefor we ca n't talk about the crimes of the right or :  weird how the people who lecture us endlessly about `` learning '' from the crimes of the far right are utterly silent about the crimes of the far left . 
  it 's whataboutism bordering on genocide olympics . 
  whataboutism ... 
  i do . 
  stalin 's , mao 's and pol pot 's crimes and famines should n't be forgotten either . 
  whataboutism much ? 
  never . 
  do you know why ? 
  maybe because they industrially slaughtered 11 million people and caused the biggest war this workd has ever seen ?
