  it 's getting quickly more common in lithuania . 
  dan carlin is ehhh . 
  he has a tendency to pick story above truth , overuse and overquate a single source and misinterpret . 
  i 'd recommend reading an actual history book instead, 
  yeah , they should have gone with the german variant instead - systematically murder them !, 
  you bought god ? 
  i ca n't believed that this is what diplomacy has devolved to . 
  from partnerships , agreements and cooperation to childeshness . 
  lithuania best at kill self !, 
  yay ? 
  more like terrorism ends up being the only effective weapon . 
  back before the cold war , most conflicts were full on wars . 
  look at pre-unification china . 
  cold war saw a transition into civil wars - angola , uganda . 
  but nowadays , it 's all down to insurgencies . 
  full on civil wars are no longer that common , iraq , syrian and yemen being exceptions , not the norm . 
  in case you have n't read anything about 7th-11th century european history , the caliphate may start in the middle east , but they do n't plan to stop there , and it is much harder to stop and well organized foe . 
  preaching hate does n't work well enough and infiltration is hard . 
  they want to simply incite power through sheer manpower and scale . 
  incite clashes between muslims and non-muslims , which will draw muslims to unite under a banner , which they hope will be the islamic state . 
  then why are n't there any british troops on the ground in iraq if you are so concerned with giving a response ? 
  using tragedy to push authoriatism . 
  fascism at its best . 
  silly hamburger , can not into humor , 
  ayy , nice edge bro , could cut steel beams with it . 
  pay debdts edit : also macedon was n't greek , he was macedonian . 
  eu fixed lots of things after joining by basically forcing change . 
  in lithuania for example , eu and wish for its membership is the primary reason to end auctions for alcohol licenses , which were a prime method of corruption and monopolism . 
  yet another example of any willingness to cooperate and lack of any king of culture from the right . 
  when he meant housing , he meant state provided housing , aka concrete flat blocks . 
  the cost situation has nothing to with the migrant crisis . 
  yep , sharp contrast to someone like pis, 
  sure you are , trumpetier . 
  by that logic neither is baptasion on infants most catholics practice . 
  they are more vocal because it 's easier to scream when your loud screaming is the main argument . 
  there is nothing wrong with the headline . 
  europe includes germany and like you said there are several rallies in not germany . 
  neither is the number wrong , at no point it mentions size . 
  y u r o p u r o p, 
  every eu nation is by their constitution secular . 
  well ... 
  it 's complicated . 
  on one side turkey has shown to be able to act against the interests of even the most powerful nato nations , notably in syria with operation euphrates shield screwing over the us supported kurds and has shown to be a liability , with the downing of the russian jet fighter and the assassination of the russian diplomat . 
  on the other side , turkey 's position is still very geographically important . 
  for starters , they control the bosporus strait . 
  they are also effectively only nato extension into the middle east , save for us bases , allowing better control of the oil rich region . 
  overall , it 's a question of how much rest of nato is willing to tolerate turkey in favor of a more powerful geographic position for nato . 
  i do n't understand . 
  how is supporting erdogan automatically hate of the netherlands ? 
  are you suggesting that anyone living in netherlands who does not support dutch government 's current political stance in regards to turkey a traitor ? 
  keep gobbling pis propaganda lol . 
  unfortunately poe 's law is strong since trump . 
  infrastructure is a reliable byproduct of being a superpower . 
  being a superpower brings money , stability , influence , all of which bring what you wish . 
  just look at ancient rome . 
  you need to invest in eastern poland first . 
   the polish goverment thinking there 's your mistake . 
  pis , more like piss !, 
  no it 's not . 
  this is just bullshit pis propaganda . 
  nice edge , swallowing pis propaganda whole . 
  key word supposedly . 
  this was a popular claim pre ww2, 
  uhh , hello jewish diaspora during roman times ? 
  problem is you need money to open such camps . 
  to get money , you need approval to cooperate from eu members . 
  and thanks to poland you ai n't getting that . 
  take a look at stories back during interwar . 
  you 'll hear how the fleeing jews were going to scam everyone , how they supposedly used christian blood for cooking macas escetra . 
  a simple driving ticket is far from a valid reason for deportation . 
  preww2 disagrees . 
  unless it 's far rightism . 
  wow . 
  any chance of a link to article ? 
  i though listening to shitty russian pop is mandatory thou ' !, 
  communist boogeyman . 
  that 's why . 
  free pass ? 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  obama was cock blocked by the republicans for the entire presidency , regardless of legitimacy of his proposals . 
  and remember , trump gets shit , because trump clearly does not understand that his words and actions as potus are effectively official and semi official statements . 
  i do n't know , it possibly could n't be because of that mere couple month from his inauguration he is already one of the most controversial us presidents ? 
  pinapple best nice refreshing flavor reeee, 
  heresy . 
  black bread best . 
  maximum nutrition , many stronk . 
  is what make eastern yurop stronk . 
  no , just glorious cultured yurop of rich history , high gdp and cooperation . 
  nice edge burger, 
  yurop humor is clearly too cultured for amerika, 
  american you clearly too burger to understand glorious yurop humor . 
  jaaaaaas . 
  ayy lol what ? 
  itt : burgers failing to understanding gloriuos yurop humor, 
  you sound like a heathen that needs to be enlightened by the glory of rye based products . 
  yes . 
  heresy, 
  can confirm , am uncivilized pagan brute from land of lithuania . 
  is europe humor . 
  you as amerika clearly not into understandings .
