  it 's carneval . 
  is mainstream because lots of drunk people want stuff to laugh at . 
  `` everyone i disagree with is a shill '', 
  sign me up as shill as well then , for i agree with them . 
  you need not look further than moldavia on how much worse of romania could have been . 
  europe, 
  yes . 
  uhh , proof ? 
  and can you explain how it is wrong ? 
  back from who ? 
  from sanity ? 
  give an instance, 
  the eu has been the arbrtrator of european economic prowess for past 50 years . 
  it has made the eu into one economically powerful block , has worked to reduce corruption across the boards ( super noticible in eastern europe ) , has brough along europe wide projects and so on . 
  it 's like voting someone as emperor who wants to dissolve the roman empire . 
  the political version of `` look but i have black friends '', 
  whose scale ? 
  are you telling me you know better than swedes how life is in sweden ? 
  less people ( 0 ) died in this riot or others in sweden than in us school shootings last year . 
  false equivalence , ect . 
  yep . 
  i 'd argue that there is a bit of a point in that - we do have a tendency to sometimes hush hush discussion of the holocaust here , but i dislike when people overblow things or going into it thinking it 's a very simple affair . 
  wow . 
  and i though you were reasonably stating something that admittedly is still an issue in lithuanian with your original comment . 
  but with your insults it is clear that all you really want to do is lash out at lithuania , agitate and simply troll . 
  simple european longsword made from quality iron : 1 muh super honorubru 1000 times folded nippon steel : 0, 
   your logic . 
  the place is a dump . 
  and it 's like already got stuff on it . . so who cares there are no more bodies there . 
  in fact there have n't been for 70 + years !, 
  the graveyard is long gone , the bodies are gone , the gravestones are gone and all we can do is commemorate the place , which we are doing . 
   also why is that the museum of genocide in lithuania only first mentioned the holocaust in 2011 ? 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  mostly because the museum was established to specifically adress the atrocities by the soviet regime as after independence and after years of misinformation by the soviet government there was a distinct lack of awareness of it . 
  before 2011 there have already long been many museums and memorials in vilnius , especially around the old jewish ghetto , that specifically concern themselves with the holocaust . 
   there 's nothing complicated about lithuanian involvement with the nazis . 
  they hated the soviets ( who were no angels themselves ) ... and they were spineless enough to throw the jews under the bus to gain their independence . 
  in addition to ignoring everything i have written , this is also ignoring the fact that many lithuanians ( far more than the amount that supported the nazis ) in fact were either situational or even avid ( pre-1941 ) supporters of communism and the ussr . 
  it 's also ignoring that as the years of german occupation passed the support and collabaration for the nazis in lithuania dropped very rapidly , with 1943 seeing for example the detainment of lithuanian intelligentsia and that there were pro-communism guerillas as well . 
  that 's a bold claim you are making . 
  bad pun is bad, 
  patriotism = / = nationalism since when celebrating declaring independance from a crumbling empire mid civil war so that you may westernize wrong ? 
  a country which for the longest time has sought to oppress your culture , language and intelligence . 
  seriously ? 
  are you calling massive food shortages , government censorship , massive technological gap with the west and kgb being able to anytime come knock on your door and make you lose your job , your house and a few of your teeth somehow better than the democratic government of an independent nation in the eu under protection of nato ? 
  the reality of the situation of lithuanian collaborators with the nazi german government is quite a bit more complicated than that . 
  i can assure you , that their collaboration is far from celebrated in lithuania and the awareness of it is growing . 
  the reality is , we simply do n't have enough records to assess the amount of collaboration . 
  lithuania is also 6th highest by `` righteous among nations '' awards , so while a few collaborated , many sheltered and risked their lives for jews instead . 
  also , i ca n't help but notice you use the word `` partisan '' , the lithuanian word for `` guerilla '' . 
  the collaborators were far from guerillas by them . 
  your usage from the word most likely comes from soviet propaganda , which portrayed [ the post-war lithuanian partisan fighters for lithuanian independance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans ) as nazis , a view which is simply wrong . 
  also , on the `` biulding on a graveyard '' . 
  as someone who lives near there and has seen the entire affair develop , i ca n't help but notice that : 1 ) the article failed to mention that \u0160nipi\u0161kes cemetary has long been destroyed . 
  in fact , it was destroyed back during early soviet times , and vilnius sport palace was biult on top of it , where it still stands . 
  the convention center is to be biult on top of the sport palace , as the biulding is crumbling and has long been in disuse . 
  2 ) the article also does n't mention that the lithuanian goverment has done its best to commemorate the location of a graveyard and a small memorial park is there . 
  there is no intention to destroy the memorial and in fact almost all of the convention center will stand on where the sports palace already stands , on the higher part . 
  there will be minimal damage to the graveyard remains beyond what was already there . 
  3 ) there is no graveyard to save . 
  like i said , it was destroyed during soviet times . 
  the bodies have either dissapeared or were reburied else where , the gravestones were taken and used as biulding materials ( famously one of staircases leading up to the sports palace is made of them ) and the entire thing was paved over with concrete . 
  there is nothing left to save but the new memorial . 
  lol , nice edge . 
  do n't cut yourself on it child . 
  i am sorry , but what happened to an independant lithuania ? 
  also , is this some `` ss was a counter-terrorist organisation '' bullshit and ignoring of the racial motivations behind the holocaust ? 
  it 's almost as if major political changes in most powerful nations in the world have effects on the world around them !, 
  uhh , are you suggesting that almost the entire jewish population of lithuania was in support of the communist goverment ? 
  and if you do , can i see some academic sources for that ? 
  panda your shift to blame israel for its atrocities is whataboutism as well . 
   where 95 % + of the hundreds of thousands of jews living their were murdered essentially by their neighbours . 
  since we are talking history here , i will reasonably request a academic or primary source for that . 
  particulary `` essentially by their neightbours '' part , as you seem to overestimating the impact local collaborators had . 
   the crimes were committed so severely that even the ss were shocked at the methods and enthusiasm showed primary or academic source please . 
  preferably both . 
  poland votes poland most compassionate and least arrogant . 
  except when said ban then bans from people who have leggally immigrated from said countries into yours from travelling as well , including your military supporters who had to be accept due to danger they faced for supporting you , and you also give exceptions to minority-religions . 
  and ignore the fact that the visa process is already a brutal and long process , especially for the banned nations and deny already existing visa holders as well . 
  in the old days internet was n't a thing , so friends and family were typically the way youd find a place anyway . 
  uhh , since this is history , do you mind posting some proper sources ? 
  image your son going around swearing at random people and then saying `` dad , but the president does it too ! '', 
  oh look it 's almost like he wants to look like a badguy , complete with a snarky henchwoman . 
  actually the treaty of brussels was first . 
  london 4 city state 2018, 
  a complete ban is ridicilious , once you take into account that muslim-majority countries do have non muslim and liberal people and that it includes nation like malasia and singapore , but in light of our migration system effectively overflowing , tougher requirements might help . 
  have you ever applied for a visa ? 
  you know peoples livelihoods and nuclear arms are on the line right ? 
  this is n't a game . 
  wikileaks originally was n't a pro-republican organisation . 
  wait russia cutting belarussian gas supply in half ? 
  lukashenko pushing away from russia ? 
  this is very interesting news ... 
  in case you do n't know , clash of civilizations is and long has been / r/badhistory material . 
  his divisions is by far often considered to be mostly based upon stereotypes and shit pulled from his ass . 
  no , just no . 
  it both makes us barely better than the people we are fighting and will most likely produce no quality information as the guy just screams out first names to come to his mind . 
  likely a joke vote . 
  quite an overwhelming response on the current immigrant policy being corrent , but in need of cooperation and enforcement . 
  the pool of recruiters and money for the attacks is limited however .
