  ow look , here is paris in 1968 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yydge-krely does n't look very peaceful , does it ? 
  very much so . 
  the people refuse to move out even if they get paid more for their land than they 'd earn in 50 years and i believe some time ago in the goverment someone decided that the land should n't be allowed to be sold to high rise projects anyway . 
  unfortunately for russia , merkel , unlike putin , does not control what the media says . 
  finland pls, 
  i do n't think there was much possible to be done barring a straight up us tanks in moscow style deal . 
  the prominence of corruption in ussr meant that unless someone who had the military behind him and was willing to do some seriously major reforms ( even more than khrushchev or gorbachev ) , it was inevitable it would fall down to this . 
  the problem is that the people this time of the century appear to be very willing to knee jerk reactions and populism . 
  i mean , if you take a look at pre-putin russia it was a god damned mess . 
  the october parlamentary crisis , 1st chechen war , rise of the olygarchy and rapidly stupidier and stupidier economic policies . 
  it also proved that facts like climate change do n't matter when you have feelings . 
  simple . 
  putin love people who want to burn eu and nato . 
  and perhaps a plan what to do if eu suddenly and totally unexpectadly fails ? 
  it 's okay , it 's only our national sovreignty , stability and future at stake ... / s, 
  this is worrisome news . 
  in a deal between a reality tv show star and an ex-kgb agent and former head of fsb , i think we know who will win more . 
  if you think a divided europe will be richer or stronger , you are very wrong . 
  i agree all is not well , but burning everything down wo n't make it better . 
  yep . 
  dissolving the eu is now not what we need . 
  we need a joint military asap . 
  we ca n't let ourselves become puppet states to russia or us or similar . 
  divided europe is weak . 
   chechenia while the 1st chechen war was a disaster , they basically won fully with the 2nd . 
  and we are facing the russian forces of the 2nd war . 
   georgia frankly i do n't see russia 's weekness here . 
  they basically got a bunch of unrecognized puppets states inside georgia as a result . 
  militaraly it was a sweep too . 
  no , seriously , if russia will put its mind on it and nato standby , you guys are fucked , baltics too . 
  does n't mean that you guys wo n't fight to the last drop of blood , but russia has more blood to spend and more ways to bleed you faster . 
  that 's the hope , but at this rate anything is possible . 
  that 's the hope , but at this rate anything is possible . 
  1939 ussr disagrees . 
  also yeah , now is a good time to review europe 's dependance on us, 
  concerned is an understatement . 
  dissapointed as well . 
  yeah , look at the poll questions and answers . 
  the headline is bs . 
  that 's the point . 
  no matter what answers are given , approapriate political conclusions can be drawn . 
  the poll says 73 % of pollsters could n't understand why is fights , while 20 % do . 
  the headline says 1 in 5 muslims support is . 
  it 's all political bullshit . 
  but they not terrorist they glorious irish freedom fighters / s, 
   without making the national debt explode . 
  look at italy . 
  they already have . 
  yep . 
  anti-eu is the new hot thing . 
  french style of talking = / = actually good journalistic content . 
  misleading title . 
  mere difference in attitude and phylosophy of journalism . 
  i mean this is pretty reasonable . 
  the only reason switzerland gets and exception is because it 's the ultra-neutral switzerland aka so neutral we even avoided ww2 . 
  uk can not and should not expect the same treatment . 
  of course they are . 
  as if us are the only ones bombing lol . 
  france on its own has more might than uk . 
   plastic from these bags only degrades into smaller molecules . 
  it does not disappear completely from the environment . 
  maybe because having stuff dissapear completely is physically impossible ? 
  the alertenative is n't continuation of nato in that case . 
  it 's collapse of nato . 
  the difference is lack or preasence of the eu army . 
  and if nato collapses and eu army is formed , baltic states are as good as dead . 
  yes . 
  france is higher than uk on its own . 
  but there is no denial that uk gets preferential treatment . 
  virgin mary glorious lithuanian , remove polish hemegony . 
  us would love a joint eu army . 
  suddenly it 's not 27 individual countries you have to try and pull in money from , it 's just one . 
  eu can manage payments on its own side and leave us to just manage big picture . 
   several reasons :   1 ) it 's easier to make sure that all eu countries pay when it 's eu itself vetting them   2 ) dealing with eu as a whole is easier than dealing with 27 individual state militiaries . 
  much easier . 
    3 ) partially political . 
  atm in nato uk is more important than france or germany alone due to size of its military . 
  uniting eu militarily will allow it to pull its weight in nato . 
    4 ) better participation in peacekeeping operations . 
  let 's be honest here , us can be wish-washy on weather or not to send in troops to stabilize a situation , as the politics in us can change fast . 
  us did n't send troops to mali , france did . 
  in fact us rarely does peacekeeping and rather focuses on invasions and similar . 
  a joint eu army would allow to operate peackeeping operations in a much more effective capacity without having to involve us without its will . 
  several reasons : 1 ) it 's easier to make sure that all eu countries pay when it 's eu itself vetting them 2 ) dealing with eu as a whole is easier than dealing with 27 individual state militiaries . 
  much easier . 
  3 ) partially political . 
  atm in nato uk is more important than france or germany alone due to size of its military . 
  uniting eu militarily will allow it to pull its weight in nato . 
  4 ) better participation in peacekeeping operations . 
  let 's be honest here , us can be wish-washy on weather or not to send in troops to stabilize a situation , as the politics in us can change fast . 
  us did n't send troops to mali , france did . 
  in fact us rarely does peacekeeping and rather focuses on invasions and similar . 
  a joint eu army would allow to operate peackeeping operations in a much more effective capacity without having to involve us without its will . 
  to stay relevant . 
  a united eu military will be far stronger than uk 's military , even if it 's just france + germany . 
  a united eu military in nato , means that eu will get more importance than uk , where as now uk is more important than germany or france alone . 
  go away brexiteer . 
  you made your choice . 
   existence of such a force could ultimately render such an alliance purposeless . 
  very unlikely .
