  the us still remains the largest spender of cash on military in the world , fielding a massive nuclear arsenal , the best naval fleet in the world and housing very many military bases all over the world . 
  and their entire army is still a professional army . 
  20 migrants vs 80 neo-nazis . 
  `` the refugees started '' . 
  against a 4 times larger group . 
  sure . 
  the nazis are totally not at fault at all ( even though they even followed the migrants back to their housing ) . 
   do you even speak russian to comment on what gets shown on their tv channels ? 
  funny thing about that ... 
  i do . 
  i am not sure about the jews . 
  perhaps that was the case in poland , because in lithuania , the jews were of nought problem , as has been the case for a very long time up until the partitions . 
  however i 'd point the cause for lithuanian isolationism the forced replacement of lithuanian aristocracy with russian aristocracy after the partition and active supression of lithuanian language by russian authorities all the way until 1904 . 
  this put in place a significant dislike of russians in lithuania . 
  this happened with polish people after the annexation of vilnius after ww1 . 
  well , no , there are plenty of independant outlets with a more pro-russian outlook , or a more pro-right-wing outlook . 
  it 's just that the russian ones are the biggest , because russia pays for all their stuff . 
  your janitors earn more than doctors here !, 
  well , rt is owned by the russian goverment in full , so there is that . 
  and it also has a history of pushing a pro-russia bias ( unsuprisingly ) and an anti-western one too . 
  remember , if you feel something , it makes it true . 
  only the putin 's goverment . 
  the homophobia based laws , media nationalization and the constant `` eu is falling , evil refugees at it again '' on russian channels ( which , once again , are owned by the state ) tend to give this perception . 
  number 1 : the ukranianian crisis . 
  as it turns out funding separatists groups and secretly ( not really ) sending your troops in there to war on their behald , while justifying everything with a nationalistic `` protecting ethnic russian minorities '' is n't very appealing to the left . 
  number 2 : russia has n't been a very free country , but the completely nationalization of all media by putin and instatement of his cronies into every angle of the goverment and the mysterious dissapearances and `` suicides '' of prominent leftings opposition leaders gives a bad feeling to the left . 
  number 3 : homophobia and homophobia based laws . 
  number 4 : at the end of the day , russia still is an oligarchy state , it 's just that it turns out that the yeltsin 's oligarchs have been replaced by putin 's oligarchs . 
  what did he do ? 
  part of problem is that uk parlament does n't seem to give a damn about certain parts of the country , notably north scotland, 
  and where do you think they will get that money from ? 
  this needs to be posted . 
  yay for manslaughter am i rite ? 
  yep . 
  look at germany . 
  it got almost as many migrants as france or sweden , maybe more , but they are doing fine - there is no calais in germany . 
  but instead it 's their fault the french were stuck up . 
  because the politicians want easy decisions that boost their popularity . 
  they all want to be `` the saviors of the nation '' . 
  look at the burkini ban . 
  they wo n't . 
  in fact media will probably say `` why are we spending our muney on those filthy migrants , just drown them !, 
  well truth is , the polish isolationism started all the way back in the midwar period i 'd argue . 
  i think the change in uniform style is important . 
  it signifies difference , it makes identification easier and is a massive boost in morale , because it makes soldiers understand that this is no longer the ukrainian military that is buddy military to russia like before . 
  well a military allience and a full blown joint army are not same . 
  nonexistent threats lol ? 
  look ar ukraine , putinbot . 
  i image this project nato will end up integrated anyway . 
  i recon it 's a good idea , even with nato . 
  especially if nato were to collapse . 
  depends where . 
  should we ban non transparent motorcycle helmets aswell . 
  i agree that those would n't be on in public transport or a bank . 
  so lets ban non transparent motorcycle helmets !, 
  exactly . 
  so why are we forcing people to not wear something ? 
  if the extremist treat them like children who have to be forced , and we treat them as adults who can choose , guess who they will side with ? 
  totally . 
  that is why lithuania is n't catholic conservative . 
  o wait . 
  you see , everyone jumped to be catholic because it became a symbol of defiance against ussr , including all other of its injustices . 
  i agree . 
  save for places where security takes over all ( political rallies ) , banning burka merely buys political points while solving not the main issue : that the women either feel that this conservatism on part of their dress is ok or that they are too afraid to stand up to their relatives . 
  but they do attend . 
  because they and their parents understand the importance of education . 
  because they were tough and propagared too . 
  ideas dont wither because you alienate and isolate people who have them , they do so because a ) you killed everyone who has them ( totalitarian dictator approach ) or b ) they understood what is wrong with said ideas and why they are better off without them, 
  thing is , banning the burka , unless for security reasons , in which case ban all clothing thst cover the face similarly aswell , is just attacking a symptom . 
  hell , it 'll make it a symbol for conservative muslims . 
  education , propagation of right ideas and cooperation defeats extremism , not alienation . 
  yeah this has got a war on drugs wibe to me . 
  imprisoning people for 5 years due to 10g of weed instead of educating people to the dangers of addiction . 
  well to fair this kind of stuff demands a shitstorm . 
  it 's literally religious intolerance no two ways about it - it 's not a security issue . 
  i dislike religious conservatism , but giving them more reason to hate others because they can put on type of swimwear which nicely aligns with their religious beliefs is stupid . 
  what 's next , ban wearing baptismal crosses because conservative catholics ? 
  what ? 
  this is straight up religious intolerance . 
  there is no security reason to banning the burkini , the only reason you give is `` i do n't like apparel of muslims who believe islam different to me '' . 
  maybe we should ban wearing baptational crosses on chains because someone does n't like catholics . 
  im pretty sure it wasnt soviets who burned warsaw down . 
  im pretty sure it wasnt soviets who burned warsaw down . 
  because certain putin-bots like to shout how usa is evil world police while turning a blind eye to russia 's interventions . 
  one should n't have to pick apart actual political points between insults . 
  imagine if science debates were like this - nobody would get anywhere . 
  but it 's not dissent , it 's just baseless hypocritical insults . 
  he 's clearly not negotiating , nor stating anything , just hurling insults and being an obsticle in a way of a clean brexit . 
  no offence , but it 's not so much uk that are being scalded , but farrage , who is actively trying to get the worst deal possible for uk . 
  it 's the british way . 
  send them off to die when you need them , and throw them away when you do n't . 
  i am suprised just how many municipalities there are , especially in basque country . 
  remmember , the immigrants are lazy , but they are also stealing our jobs !, 
  funny thing is , the goverment overthrow was basically because the goverment did n't want a eu-ukraine association agreement . 
  it 's silly . 
  hold on , they dont have on already ? 
  yeah , but it 's not like an extended limbo is going to be good for anyone . 
  here in lithuania and young . 
  i am really bitter , because this is going to set an example for the 65 + people in lithuania , which make up about 40 % of the voting base . 
  throw in 15 % of 50-65 and bam .
