  wrong color . 
  what about l\u00e9on gaultier ? 
  you know the former collaborator ? 
  i got the feeling the resistance groups camaret and biagge represented were less like partisans and more like chetniks . 
  simply most votes . 
  not voting does n't mean saying `` neither of them is good '' . 
  it is instead saying `` my voice does n't matter and pay no attention to it . 
  if le pen had n't railed against eu and euro she would n't be le pen . 
  that was her entire shtick . 
  beyond `` evil eu , evil foreigners , evil euro , good putin '' there was no actual policy . 
  everything was based around it . 
  why wo n't people tolerate my holocaust denial , wehrabooism and desire to exterminate others reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee / s, 
  fashist rest in hell . 
  political disinformation is directly linked to warfare . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  yes , camouflage , fake maneuvers , etc. 
  is part of maskirovka , but ensuring that even on a strategic level the enemy is unaware of allegiance of fellow members of enemy 's alliance is a part of that . 
  the sudden unexpected leaks just in time so that macron could n't release a statement that have been proven to be filled with fakes , it is clearly proven - le pen is coordinating with russia , and russia wants le pen to win . 
  this is not a fn vs en marche vote . 
  this is a vote for russia or for france . 
  clearly russians . 
  it was perfectly coordinated . 
  just hours before end of campaigning . 
  maskirovka at its finest . 
  yeah the current left 's trend to factionalise is scary . 
  reminds of pre ww2, 
  le pen shows yet again that not unlike trump , in reality she has no idea what she is doing . 
  liar liar , orbans pants are on fire . 
  christ , i hate people like him , erdogan , le pen or trump . 
  they are basically cult leaders for the modern world . 
  their supporters will standby no matter what they do , will support them no matter what they say and will continue to ignore anything that disagrees with them . 
  you could rob them in front of their eyes , but if their great leader says nothing being stolen , what do you mean , i never had any money to be stolen to begin with !, 
  plagiarization shows unwillingness to put effort into which you promote , indicating that one might not truly stand by those principals , but merely wishes to have gain from decieving others that they do . 
  very good vacation spot . 
  what action ? 
  you know when things like fates of multi-million nations with nuclear arms are at stake , i think one should overlook petty reasons and actually realize the stakes . 
  that was supposed to be sarcasm if you did n't notice from the `` arbeit macht frei '' . 
  but muh rite to deny genocide and war crimes so i can keep supporting fachists / s, 
  is putin a belorussian conspiracy to make money something other than border crossings and potato ? 
  just saying . 
  how ? 
  by not making empty promises he ca n't keep like le pen ? 
  by not lying his ass off to the workers that he will somehow magically save them from the grand turning wheels of the global economy without long term destroying french economy like hitler did with germany ? 
  this is what news that make sure everything is fact-checked before they say it look like . 
  eritrea is basically an african north korea . 
  lot of incentive to run , as there has n't been enough time for the propaganda sink in and border patrol get good enough . 
  question ? 
  as an fn supporter , how do you justify people living abroad using eus freedom of movement and work , who have also studied abroad , using eu benefits to do so , yet at the same time campaign for a french exit of the eu as soon as france has to help lift a burden with the rest of eu ? 
  simple !, 
  you see , they want to maintain movement of freedom for themselves , but not everyone else . 
  ayy , this is not heading for a train wreck at all !, 
  like what ? 
  a free pint for everyone farange determines to be `` good jobbers '' ? 
  rounding up the sikhs ? 
  kill the poor ? 
  lower levels of education and development . 
  lol , are n't they the party that accepted all the collaborators and sympathizers after ww2 ? 
  30 to 70 is quite a big margin . 
  it ranges from `` logistical problems '' to `` we dont have enough rifles for everyone '' . 
  sounds a bit too much like a false flag . 
  anti-putin organization letter to media , little proof that they are actually behind it , a shit ton of guns stolen somehow from a shooting club , way too organized . 
  considering this is russia , smells false flag . 
  economic terrorism ? 
  i think that 's a good reason for regulation . 
  capitalism ladies and gentelmen , and why it needs to be regulated . 
  correction : lone mentally ill gunman jumping under the is banner sprays down a passing police car and runs away . 
  compared to coordinated bombs across several metro stations and busses or a group of 3 storming a theatre with guns , yeah , good progress if a daily occurance in la is now international news . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  ayy yeah because the ira were so much better , get out . 
  christ , unfortunate that the story was posted during prime us time , so a bunch of americanos who dont know nothing about europe suddenly call fire and brimstone after a lone gunman sprays down a cop car . 
  many robberies are deadlier than this . 
  if this is the kind of terrorism attacks that are to be expected , i 'd say we have done good progress . 
  poland leaving the realm of reality and sense is the common campaign now in poland . 
  ow look who came out to defend the daily heil . 
  `` hurrah for the blackshirts '' was satire , right ? 
  the daily heil cheered for mussolini pre ww2 . 
  and hitler . 
  they were and are far right . 
  i mean , i get they still need to live , but this is straight up selling their soul . 
  ow look the daily heil is at it again . 
  exemplary biuldings . 
  + they collapsed and decayed quick . 
  crap like . 
  they were biuld with bad materials and a non motivated labor force . 
  unless renovated , they leak heat extremely , the flat roof causes regulary rain water coming through the cieling , paint is often leaded and falls of ( if there is paint to begin with ) , ect . 
  they have not fared well . 
  i think that 's the point and i agree with him . 
  the eu needs more power . 
  starting with a conjoined military and police force , seek to standardize laws , ect . 
  i mean them being neo-nazis is n't exactly bringing good memories of europe 's past . 
  absolutely heretical, 
  / r/badphilosophy goldmine, 
  excellent poiny !, 
  i mean the language always did , it 's that nobody bothered to write it down for the longest time . 
  belarus ? 
  what 's a belarus ? 
  is that a part of greater lithuania ? 
  in mass production the blade is typically made of higher quality materials to resist wear and tear , to reduce the amount of times it is changed , which costs money . 
  nobody is asking to throw away culture or traditions , but you ca n't deny how useful common laws between nations would be ? 
  it would make eu into a strong and diverse economic block .
