  it 's satire . 
  it 's mean to be like the_dolan except for a pro-eu candidate as opposed to an anti-eu one . 
  yes , but apparently it 's because migrants are `` stealing jobs from french . '', 
  aka fuck you and your free market , long live fashism . 
  so you are suggesting declaring war on the entire north africa ? 
  nope . 
  unfortunately 2016 is the year radicalism and hyperbolie sells , on both sides . 
  i mean fuck trying to educate them and integrate them , it 's not like it will lead to radicalisation or anything / s, 
  that requires a country able to afford sending students across the country to commercial pools then . 
  yeah , but nowadays people care more about isolated incidents than actual statistics . 
  it 's mostly not because having a decent pool is expensive . 
  a basketball court is much cheaper , since it doubles up as also exercise and volleyball space . 
  it 's the national policy or has been national policy at some time in past 60 years of most isreal 's neightboars and is not neccesarally connected islam as much as nationalistic politics , so no . 
  neightbors that wish to war isreal from existance maybe ? 
  they also supported industrialized murder of millions and a disastirious war that made their country from one of the strongest in europe to the 5th strongest in berlin . 
  you 're the one that started spouting stuff everyone disagrees with . 
  the burden of proof is on you first . 
  ah yes the pointless dickwaving that only includes russia funding pet rebels in a eu aspiring country and breaking international treatys as part of which ukraine gave up its nukes . 
  totally pointless . 
  adolf merkel whitegenocide amirite guys / s, 
  fuck off burger, 
  fuck facts and accuracy , am i rite ? 
  i do n't say that they have no biusness reporting on germany 's news . 
  it 's just that , not being german , they obviously wo n't have as much information . 
  as an analogy , it 's not that a sociologist has no right talking chemistry - he can if he has the knowledge , but a chemist 's word should be taken above his . 
  but your mother in this analogy is not starving . 
  so what does african conflicts have anything to do with former yugoslavian nations ? 
  wikipedia is not a credible source . 
  nytimes meanwhile has no authority when it comes to german matters on media . 
  they have a left viewpoint , so clearly they are liars , because all commies are known to be liars / s, 
  i mean , i know it 's rare in uk and us , but there is such a thing as making sure that something is true and correct before reporting it and ensuring that you have proper data , aka actual journalism . 
  wikipedia is widely known as an unreliable source , especially on history and politics . 
  he litelary posed you articles from mainstream media from the day after . 
  while you cite wikipeadia . 
  ayyyy, 
  itt : far-right coming out of the woodwork to voice support for a meaningless act and damnation against perceived strawmen, 
  the invisible liberal strawman, 
  bit of a selfish worldview , no ? 
  that 's why many far-right parties are vermently anti-eu and anti-similar pan-european institutions ? 
  something something strawman, 
  how about 1995 instead ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre clearly all serbs are genocidal ultra-nationalists . 
  tanks are useless if you ca n't affort to have proper logistics to keep them . 
  if a country has to choose between having 1 tank and 2000 at4s , the at4s will be a better deal . 
  there is nothing more scary for a tank , than having to worry that an at4 is lurking around every corner in your average town . 
  yes , mend ties between crimea and russia . 
  now how about an actually modern map with rebannings ? 
  yeah , but the problem is , when the yugslavian refugee crisis was around , russia was having 2 chechen wars , several economic disasters , yeltsin , olygarchisation and more . 
  russia of 1991-1999 is nothing compared to russia of today . 
  you say that , but they just elected a president for themselves in us . 
  because `` evil liberals '' . 
  eu literally embodies liberalism - open borders , support of each other by funding and loans , common currency , freedom to work where you want , no trade tariffs , etc. 
  but the people are sick of experts !, 
  well what can she do that does n't violate democracy ? 
  unfortunately , it is the duty of the voters to take caution to these things . 
  or maybe intentional false flags to keep funding for fire department high ? 
  why is there a mod with no permissions ? 
  lichtenstein was n't occupied, 
  your statements are wide and general , yet you neglect to present sufficiant or any at all examples to support such an opinion , nor do you support your opinion by sourcing it from a verified pulication/authorative source ( ie a study/book/quote from a respected and know historian or sociologist ), 
  wide sweeping claims and generalizations with no sources . 
  yeah . 
  i understand why they did it - doctors without borders often prides itself on treating people regardless of allegiance or political situation . 
  xerxes did nothing wrong !, 
  it 's the greek 's fault for their bretherin rebelling !, 
  i too listen to the revolutions podcast, 
  i mean that is a lot of sausage . 
  something something leak of personal data of military , police , special forces personel . 
  ow and also witness protection data . 
  plus lots more . 
  not unless we inplement mandatory training to use one . 
  and even then it 'd be a risky proposal since , well , everyone has a gun with which to rob/cause shootings/escalate situations with . 
  they do n't even follow eu law anyway . 
  they just use schengen and have euro . 
  this is like saying because ecuador uses us dollars it 's part of the us . 
  eastern/central europe goverments everyone . 
  half arsed electronic systems are just too common . 
  lol , i am visiting scotland , have to dodge constant bamboo traps by charlie over here . 
  good . 
  shame this is getting little media attention . 
  can we get the commonwealth flag while we 're at it as well ? 
  catalonian invasion of madeira soon, 
  switching sides works . 
  he saw how he could get more and he took it , morals be damned . 
  a goverment officially calling opponents shills . 
  welcome eternal president and leader of nation orban !, 
  what is the cause of such a drop in bih ? 
  ah yes , the approach of closing off the market . 
  could n't possible go wrong , nope ( cue venezuela , ussr , north korea , ect . ), 
  uh , how the fuck does property ownership and profiting from it compare to what amounts to eu funds given directly to the state ? 
  so czechs should be assumed to not uphold treaties they sign ? 
  in that case , i think it 's a good idea to kick them out of nato . 
  make better equipment then . 
  almost all of nato use carl gustavs - germans , us rangers , etc. 
  but sweden is n't even a nato member . 
  the fn mag is used across the world , even though belgium only has 12 million citizens . 
  make better stuff and it 'll be used . 
  putin wannabe or someone who is honest and believes in democracy . 
  tough choice . 
  i yell because i do not actually have good arguments, 
  i mean brezhnev stayed in power for long , does n't mean it was a good thing .
