  lietuva can into spaaace !, 
  unlike polan . 
  the broken ussr system is the reason for the population decrese . 
  it left us a corrupt system , a non-existant economy , a somehow still not finished education system and a country run by old men and lies . 
  so to put it simply they are doing what many dictatorial governments did - they are spending and spreading propaganda crazy and are hoping they will die with as luxurious lives as possible before the truth catches up with them ? 
  polish government is stupid . 
  correction - probably evil . 
  i like them . 
  they remind me of burnt bodies in the depths of mordor . 
  nato in lithuania has a very positive image . 
  and for good reasons too . 
  the social democrat party sounds like it has no principals at all . 
  question : what kind of punishments can nations expect for not adhering to the paris agreement in the eu ? 
  the lng terminal in poland , like in lithuania is n't actually meant to be the main or even the major source . 
  the main purpose for the terminals was simple - price ceiling . 
  i do n't know how it was in poland , but in lithuania gazprom and gazprom lobbied politicians would keep raising the gas price . 
  this has slowed down greatly after the terminal was built , since suddenly gazprom had competition . 
  the secondary purpose , obviously , is an emergency source , in case russia would decide to turn gas off due to political reasons - would n't be the first time it has happened . 
  of course they did . 
  i recommend reading the whole article . 
  the situation is quite a lot more complicated . 
  there are implications that the banding together is occurring either due to upcoming hague investigation into possible war crimes among kosovo 's albanian leadership or due to fear of corruption charges should vetevendosje win . 
  overall , quite interesting . 
  rip . 
  one of the greatest inventors of our time . 
  greens too . 
  the numbers seem a bit off ... 
  weak and wobbly . 
  creationist , homophobes , unionists , climate change denialists and populists . 
  may 's wet dream . 
  edit : unionists , my mistake . 
  the only reason they want a soft border is because they fear the return of the ira . 
  and considering how much pro-protestant pro-uk they are , they should . 
  i guess you ca n't have a 21st century thacher without her own version of the troubles . 
  why were they made ? 
  you joke , but in the countryside for those farmers who were smart with the funds , they practically elevated themselves into some of the richest people in lithuania . 
  frankly , it was the only thing that saved the villages and small towns from emptying . 
  yup . 
  it seems like england suddenly forgot north ireland . 
  probably because they think nothing will happen . 
  they are throwing the gfa in the bin . 
  yeah , but that implies actually combating the problem as opposed to exploiting the incident to push through tools to combat political dissidents . 
  i mean it 's not like uk and us troops took over italy and north africa or anything . 
  something something kosovo, 
  wait wot . 
  also , i image serbia ai n't too happy with that , what with nato intervention during bosnian war and in kosovo and all . 
  it 's us time . 
  the only americans that are online at this time on / r/europe are far right arses . 
  `` hans we need to put more swastikas somewhere . '', 
  how about all over the floor ? '', 
  i mean when the money goes back around to curing me when i am sick even if i have no money then , why not . 
  not enough bling, 
  hey , they tell you not to go there . 
  it 's like going into a biulding about to be blown up , your own fault . 
  ya know , da meymey or when it 's used unironically , well . 
  that meme comes from a group of people who literally commited genocide . 
  http://imgur.com/a/cjkgo map of known mass grave locations white is territory controlled by serbian aligned forces at 1993.05.01, 
  this is why i find it disgusting when people unironically call for `` remove kebab '' . 
  it shows a lack of education , lack of understanding of what was done . 
  edit : http://imgur.com/a/cjkgo map of known locations of mass graves . 
  white area - territory controlled by serbs . 
  my bet this has to do with that due to being an ethnicity that suffered the most from nazi occupation , they were more easily accepted and approved by the occupying army into the communist party - they were more likely to be supportive of purges by communist against supposedly `` nazi elements '' , seeking revenge against perpetrators , real or not . 
  rather ironic and hardhearted by ussr - someone who was formerly hunted for his perceived fake guilt , now put into a position where his emotions could be played to hunt other innocent people . 
  how is it a money loss , if it was funded by eu 's and student 's own money ? 
  if the students were forced to study in danish , international students would n't study in denmark , because the language is too obscure to be reasonably considered to be learnt ( like german or french or spanish ) . 
  but he is an evil ( ( ( banker ) ) ) . 
  can confirn, 
  i guess the gas chamber counts a roof . 
  and people complain about eu regulations ... 
  yeah , why not let people drown !, 
  manslaughter is fun !, 
  migrants , no matter how much you or i dislike their culture and actions , are still human beings . 
  \\ #notwithpis, 
  i mean it 's one of the main pillars of your current rulling part , pis , what do you expect . 
  the turkish population already exist in germany . 
  before , it bosnians and kosovars . 
  germany has seen this before , not on such a scale , but nothing newm, 
  well , the games do n't follow the book 's storyline , but make their own , while other adaptations have been shit . 
  also , netflix is big . 
  plz be actually good . 
  not like the other attempts . 
  itt : people blowing things out of proportion . 
  again . 
  also pretending like there are simple one policy cheap solutions . 
  both commisar rex and kobra 11 used to be very popular in lithuania around 200x, 
  nice , good to see uk is burning every bridge they can . 
  not likely to backfire , nope . 
  itt : hamburgers pretending to be smart-asses . 
  stop pretending to be european , hamburger . 
  hamburger , i do n't think you get what it is trying to say . 
  nice , advocating for attacks because your political candidate did n't win . 
  this is what the far-right actually stands for . 
  power at any cost . 
  people in eastern europe remmember communism because it was recent . 
  they do n't remember nacism , how our neighboars were slaughtered , how germans looted our villages . 
  happy defeat of a genocidal regime that industrially killed 11 million people ? 
  maybe uh try to sieze the means of moderation then ? 
  fashists rest in hell . 
  the education system too - it is much easier to study in a fellow eu country than for example us . 
  i mean crying over dead ss typically does not garner much sympathy .
