i would love to read it . 
  yeah . 
  but once they become unbearable shitholes , its victims flee to other places like the western world . 
  which makes it our problem . 
  is it such a bad idea then , that we advocate that shitholes adopt western values , since its people seems to like it here ? 
    campaigns to abolish laws that condone child marriages , honour killings , legalized apartheid , legalized slavery , forced marriages , marital rape and so on . 
   shees i am glad we resolved those - no more of those issues around the world - right ? 
  that 's a pretty dismissive answer . 
  the last 50 years have seen tremendous global social progress due to political activism and international campaigns to change horrendous customs and laws . 
  i never said that we have resolved the issues , which is why i support these flight attendants activism . 
  i hope that the next 50 years will be marked by even greater social progress . 
  i thought about the potential positive impact one could have by going to such places . 
  it 's just too hard , emotionally , for me i think . 
  but i am definitely open to it . 
  especially after your nice recount of your trips . 
  i agree . 
  but i think the choice was on air france , and not the flight attendants . 
  air france made the choice of introducing a route to teheran without even consulting their female crew regarding these laws . 
  hence , they are now protesting , which i think is right of them . 
  air france should refuse to fly to teheran until iran removes discriminatory dress codes . 
  and also , refuse alien religious practices being forced on people of other faiths or people with no faith . 
  i know !, 
  that 's why i think it is so important for western women to refuse the values that the forced head scarf represent , and thereby supporting the iranian women that fight for equality in iran . 
  to show that mandatory dress code is not part of the modern world . 
  if iran wants to join , gender equality must be on the agenda . 
  i do n't need to meet iranians to understand that there are some wonderful people there . 
  i just could never travel to a country and be robbed of my individual freedom . 
  as an atheist , to be forced to partake in religious activities that goes against all of my personal beliefs . 
  i could never enjoy travelling to places where i lacked basic civil and human rights . 
  no matter how beautiful the country . 
  ( it 's not only iran . 
  i refuse to travel to china , thailand , zimbabwe , cuba , north korea , russia , iraq and all the other 50 dictatorships in the world . 
  i could never enjoy a vacation in a dictatorship . ), 
  i know . 
  i get so sad when i see pictures from iran during the 60s and 70s . 
  amazing country , amazing people . 
  i think my point in this case was that distaste for the forced head scarf is not a personal value , but rather a universal one . 
  beating someone for their sexual preference is wrong , regardless what the law says . 
  we demand countries to change their laws all the time . 
  campaigns to abolish laws that condone child marriages , honour killings , legalized apartheid , legalized slavery , forced marriages , marital rape and so on . 
  i do n't think this is a frivolous set of personal values that we impose on other countries because of imperialism ; removing archaic world views is social progress . 
  sure , they can have an all male crew or muslim flight attendants that wants to adhere to the head scarf . 
  or you know , air france can refuse to fly to iran as long as disciminatory laws against women remains . 
  so , if the law mandates everyone to join in on daily beatings of homosexuals , your guiding moral principle is : `` obey the laws of that country as long as you are there '' . 
  these flight attendants ca n't just refuse to do their job and not travel to iran , so they protest the practice because it goes against their moral values . 
  perhaps they will obey the law , but i still think it is right to protest an unjust law . 
  they were mandated to wear the head scarf in iran , but also to wear a `` modest '' uniform : no skirts , only trousers and a tunic , * on the plane * . 
  the law is insulting to women and men everywhere . 
  just because it 's law in a backwards country does not mean that we ca n't see its moral inanity and wrongness . 
  we , the western world should stand up against arcane world views like that , and that is what these flight attendants are doing . 
  yes , head scarfs are mandatory for iranian women . 
  ( and apparently for all women on iranian soil . ), 
  why should people with a modicum of social progress even go to places like iran ? 
  thank you for your informative post !, 
  i will definitely follow how these events unfold . 
  it is rather strange that ekh did n't step down immediately for the sake of her party ... 
  wow , interesting !, 
  as a swede , i really should be more informed about the politics in our lovely neighbourhood . 
  questions : it sounds insane that venstre have that much confidence in 1 ) eva kjer hansen , and 2 ) in a potential re-election . 
  do you think venstre will win majority in a re-election today ? 
  do you think the vote of no-confidence will be withdrawn ? 
  what is the general danish sentiment regarding eva kjer hansen ? 
  are they in support of the no-confidence vote ? 
  i think there is a difference . 
  there is no major conflict between following in the steps of jesus and secular law . 
  in fact , christian values permeates european law . 
  you are envious when you prefer to have one car instead of two , if you can stop your neighbour having more cars than you . 
  your type of equality is called envy . 
  so if you and your neighbour has 1 car each , you are both rich ? 
  if you have zero cars , and your neighbour has 3 cars , people say you are poor . 
  if you get 2 cars and your neighbour gets 1000 cars , are you poorer ? 
  possibly , but the uk has a pretty average gini coefficient , and scores very low on the corruption perception index ( transparency international ) . 
  in any case , the inequality oxfam highlights is not gini , but differences in capital assets ( i think ) . 
  so i still wonder about this implied effect of capital ( wealth ) inequality on poor people . 
  no it is not . 
  they do n't show any support that inequality , in of itself , makes poor people poorer . 
  the title is vacuous . 
  is this a problem for the group on the lower part of the wealth distribution or not ? 
  people know . 
  but unfortunately , we do n't really care . 
  around here , romania is only known for gypsies , and orphanages . 
  really ? 
  do you think so badly of us ... : /, 
  thank you for your completely irrelevant link , as a response to the complex philosophical issue regarding the objective basis for human rights in international law . 
   we throw out the concept of human rights [ yes ? 
  ] ( http://www.iep.utm.edu/hum-rts/#sh5b ), 
  but why is this visa thing so important erdogan ? 
  ca n't wait to get out of turkey , eh ? 
  you forgot our continued wave of car burnings in malm\u00f6 . 
  it has been on average 10 car burnings per week since 1 july . 
  no suspects yet but most likely young men . 
  haha , you do realize that there were many that were outspoken supporters of kaplan , including green party leader gustav fridolin . 
  there were facebook groups , opinion pieces , twitter storms , all in support for something that was clearly indefensible . 
  not for the fake degree . 
  that was discovered in 2007 . 
  he resigned due to allegation of buying sex from [ prostitutes ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/valet-2010/littorin-snudd-pa-outhardligt/ ) , which was in 2010 . 
  this reminds me of sven-otto littorin . 
  that guy flaunted a fake degree from a known diploma mill . 
  which , in my opinion , is a much worse reflection on a politician 's character than , on the limit , dui . 
  i love how the regressive left in sweden went full retard in the case of mehmet kaplan .
