  the post-modern swedish left is incredibly easy to manipulate since they have no concept of right and wrong . 
   it is social problems such as corruption and the eu insisting we keep the fight that we appreciate the most . 
  good for you , but honestly , do n't you think that low levels of corruption and high level of transparency should have been a condition of accession instead of making it a social problem for the eu to solve ? 
  if eu membership was so attractive for romania , politicians should have been highly incentivized to forcefully tackle corruption to be able to join . 
  eu could have still helped . 
  granting eu membership while corruption is still an acute problem removes any motivation to tackle corruption , especially given all the eu funds coming their way . 
  haha , i would love to hear what they propose as an alternative to the police . 
  nope . 
  they state , on their [ official webpage ] ( http://blacklivesmatter.com/11-major-misconceptions-about-the-black-lives-matter-movement/ ) , that it is a misconception that the blm is a one-issue movement . 
   although it is true that much of the protesting to date has been centered on the issue of police brutality , there is a range of issues that movement work will likely push in years to come . 
  they are also focussing on the following : * failing system of public education , which is a virtual school-to-prison pipeline for many black youth . 
  * complete dismantling of the prison industrial complex . 
  ** many of the movement 's organizers identify as abolitionists , which in the 21st-century context refers to people who want to abolish prisons and end the problem of mass incarceration of black and latino people . 
  ** * safe and affordable housing , * issues with food security * reproductive justice challenges affecting poor women of color and all people needing access to reproductive care . 
  they have a whole page where they try to respond to so called misconceptions . 
  however , i am more convinced that they are a black supremacy movement . 
   if we do n't have freedom of movement and they do n't replace it with a permit scheme then the industry will just close down '' ok , so introduce a seasonal worker programme ? 
  i mean , that is an actual possible solution right ? 
  no one said this shit would be easy , but that does n't mean it was n't the right thing to do . 
  what 's with the down votes ? 
  i like it . 
   there are a variety of medical tests used by [ eu ] member states and some can be quite invasive , traumatic , and inaccurate . 
  well then , i guess this organisation is equally horrified that such comprehensive medical age tests have been used regularly in many hundreds of thousands of adoption cases in all eu member states , for decades ? 
  ( i am quite familiar with such tests . ), 
  seriously , kurt g\u00f6del . 
  for goodness sake , georg cantor !, 
  he is a giant in mathematics , the man invented set theory !, 
  indeed . 
  if crick is included , so should rosalind franklin !, 
  the british list is hard !, 
  so many great writers and scientists to choose among . 
  would you consider florence nightingale ? 
  i am very fond of her . 
  florrie 's sanitation reforms increased british life expectancy by 20 years . 
  and , she popularised the pie chart . 
  the pie chart . 
  definitely . 
  / u/th3cz has added him . 
  ah , that answers the question !, 
  i wonder though whether the swiss think of rousseau as theirs ... ( edit : they do . 
  see the list of / u/chirschi ) by the way , the french has such a rich history of great thinkers . 
  french society really knows how to cultivate brilliant , bold and unconventional minds . 
  hey , do you consider jean-jacques rousseau as french or swiss ? 
  i think poland wants a word with you . 
  / u/vertitto just put marie curie on his list . 
  i 'll start a swedish list then . 
  * carl von linn\u00e9 , father of modern taxonomy * alfred nobel , inventor and founder of the nobel prize * dag hammarskj\u00f6ld , secretary-general of the united nations . 
  * raoul wallenberg , diplomat . 
  considered a great man due to his efforts to save hungarian jews during ww2 . 
  * ingmar bergman , film director . 
  bringing swedish melancholy to the world . 
  * carl michael bellman , singer-songwriter , poet . 
  * august strindberg , novelist and playwright . 
  that is correct . 
  but first the us reformed japan so as to remove them as a potential future threat to the united states : * democratization by issuing the removal of restrictions on political , civil , and religious liberties directive * land reforms , and economic liberalization that destroyed deep japanese traditional economic systems . 
  * undermining nationalism by abolishing shinto as a state religion and prohibiting some of its teachings and rites that were deemed to be militaristic or ultra-nationalistic . 
  * implemented a new modern constitution of japan . 
  * new labour laws and education reforms . 
  * women 's right * dismantling the japanese industry to minimize their capacity for warfare . 
  can you imagine the outrage if israel tried something like this ? 
  i looked through the causes of palestinians ' death : 18 were killed as bystanders in riots and attacks ; 6 appears to have been just murdered ; 20 were killed as they were killing or assaulting israelis or other palestinians . 
  sorry , i went to the b'tselem website to find the statistics that support your claim , but i ca n't find it . 
  could you provide a direct link ? 
  umm , turkey ? 
  ataturk elevated turkey from a backwards islamic country to a modern and secular state through dictatorship . 
   edit 40 : apparently erdogan is seeking asylum in germany after being denied landing in istanbul . 
  the irony . 
  i would fight for britain , any day . 
  i would n't want to go on in a world without british comedy or british mystery shows . 
  i would fight for europe . 
  not for plots of land , but for the ideas of the enlightenment , science and individual freedom . 
  perhaps , because i am an atheist , i identify strongly with my values since i have reasoned and examined them so carefully all my life . 
  i have exactly one life on this one earth , and i refuse to live it small and confined . 
  those events in history arose because of fundamentalism and ideology , and they ended through successful warfare , and the ideas of the enlightenment . 
   fucking learn from history . 
  real mature , denmark ... pfffft ~, 
  according to [ eu stats ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics#youth_unemployment_trends ) , no . 
  slovenia 's youth unemployment is above both sweden and luxembourg . 
  but below the eu average . 
  ok , real late for the party . 
  but statista.com ? 
  what is that ? 
  there is no information on how this statistics was constructed unless you pay for it . 
  which sounds crazy to do , since this information is * free * here : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics#youth_unemployment_trends . 
  since these two sources differ drastically from each other , i would like to know the methodology of statista.com before i conclude that the youth in greece has an unemployment rate of 50 % . 
  ( if there is interest , i can make a graph of the eu numbers , similar to this one . ), 
  employment protection . 
  an employer can dismiss a worker for 2 reasons : lack of work and personal reasons . 
  * reason 1 : lack of work . 
  * if you have a lack of work due to decrease sales/demand , or financial troubles , an employer must dismiss workers according to the rule `` last in , first out '' . 
  i.e. , an employer ca n't choose to just keep the most competent and productive workers . 
  in practice , this rule can be circumvented by negotating and paying off the union ( maffia style ) . 
  which in turn , means that the cost of making a mistake in hiring is extremely high . 
  which in turn means that very few employers can afford to take a chance on unexperienced young adults . 
  * reason 2 : personal reasons . 
  * the only valid personal reason for dismissing a worker is if they misbehave in a manner that is borderline criminal . 
  a worker that just do bare minimum , lack ambition , bad attitude , hindering productivity , regularly makes mistakes , disliked by co-workers , difficult to work with and come to work ill-prepared , can not be fired as long as they complete their work tasks . 
  lack of `` soft '' skills and ill fit in the company are not valid reasons to fire someone , even though such people can hamper productivity in the workplace . 
  again , very few employers can afford to take a chance on unexperienced young adults with little to no documented evidence and references of these soft skills . 
   really ?
