the official one is god save the queen , because we 're still british citizens and you 're right that we do n't have an official one for just scotland . 
  currently , we mainly use flower of scotland ( which is the rugby one ) but someone could probably make a good argument for scotland the brave given how recent the change to flower of scotland seems to be . 
  edit : scots wha hae would probably also be in the running but i 'm not sure it 's had as much official backing in the form of sports as either of the other two recently . 
  my bad , i forgot there were two different amendments proposing it and kind of combined the two in my head . 
  the snp version was to move towards ffa and still included barnett due to that as it would n't be ffa immediately whereas there was edward leigh 's one which was full ffa immediately and no barnett . 
  still means it was shot down in the commons though but by 298 to 68 instead of 309 to 60 . 
  just as an aside about this , the snp acknowledge they do very well out of fptp and , unless their position has changed , have said they 'd back reforming it to a pr system . 
  it is also in their manifesto from the general election . 
  felt it was worth clarifying that given how huge the bonus they get from it currently being fptp is . 
  to be fair , i did make a mistake by using government originally and they seem to have seen it prior to my correction so that might have obfuscated my point a little bit . 
  the amendment to the scotland bill got blocked in the house of commons 309 to 60 with 56 of the 60 being mps for scottish constituencies . 
  so no , i meant it got blocked in westminster . 
  edit : i 'd made a mistake in regards to what amendment to look at . 
  i took the figure for the snp 's amendment which was start moving towards ffa rather than edward leigh 's amendment about going straight into full ffa so the actual result is 298 to 68 ( with 56 scots in there ) instead of 309 to 60 . 
  was n't it the uk parliament that rejected the idea of full fiscal autonomy for scotland ? 
  edit : just to clarify , i had government in here originally when i meant parliament is why the reply goes into government . 
  i 'd corrected it before the reply , but yeah . 
  and that affects the number of people eligible to vote in both referendums within the borders of scotland how , exactly ? 
  i mean , i 'm assuming you did n't just trot out `` more scots voted to remain in the uk than voted to remain in the eu '' only to throw that last comment out without addressing the fact that the data we have on both the independence referendum and the eu referendum are on how people residing in scotland voted , not how scottish people voted ? 
  more scots also had the ability to vote in the independence referendum due to the lowering of the voting age to 16 , and eu nationals could also vote . 
  neither were the case during the eu referendum . 
  more scots could also vote in it due to a lowering of the voting age to 16 for that and eu nationals could also vote during the independence referendum . 
  neither were the case with the eu referendum . 
  so while it 's true it 's not an entirely genuine comparison either . 
  more people could also vote in that referendum as well though . 
  voting age was lowered to 16 and eu nationals living here were allowed to vote and neither were the case for the brexit referendum . 
  just pointing out there are some holes in that comparison . 
  it means day . 
  pretty much the exact same thing we do with ending them with day in english , just happens to be before the sun/moon/god . 
  the eu argument was one of the major ones brought out by better together throughout the campaign and was one of the major reasons i voted no as well as many of my friends . 
  it is also not unreasonable to assume that was a large consideration for the eu nationals living in scotland who were also allowed to vote . 
  in regards to spain , as far as i know , they 've only made it clear they 'd never accept a unilateral declaration of independence but have thus far been fine with bilateral ones . 
  compare their treatment of kosovo to their treatment of montenegro . 
  two of the reasons for that discrepancy that were n't touched on is because the voting age for the independence referendum was 16 instead of 18 for the brexit one and eu nationals could vote in the independence referendum making a larger pool of voters available . 
  was the original house of cards not a bbc series based on infighting in the conservative party ? 
  about 25.5 % of the total population of scotland eligible to vote , excluding eu nationals who live here . 
  still a large amount but what you said originally completely misrepresents that figure . 
  38 % of scottish people that voted in the eu referendum . 
  if you 're going to throw out percentages at least use accurate ones . 
  yeah , media spin is the thing i 'm most worried about at the moment in regards to the comments from rajoy and hollande . 
  brexit itself just kind of proved how much the british news can spin information when it wants to . 
  i 'm actually happy it 's ruled out that pipe dream to be honest . 
  it means the other political parties here in scotland need to make a proper commitment to being pro-independence or pro-uk , as opposed to what they were trying to go with yesterday ( which was basically the reverse greenland thing ) . 
  i said in another reply it 's a completely reasonable position in my opinion . 
  my main worry about this is how the media will use this current rejection ( as well as spain 's ) as an argument against independence . 
  basically , i do n't worry about the idea of france vetoing us ( spain maybe though ) but i worry how the british press will run with that comment given what we saw with the last independence referendum and with the brexit campaign . 
  to be fair , it did n't seem to be against an independent scotland talking with the eu nor even a particularly extreme position . 
  seemed to be against us talking prior to independence , which while it 's an understandable position ( imo anyway ) it 's also more than likely going to be a huge wound in a second independence referendum when combined with spain 's objection . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-36656980 has the quote . 
  well , france just came out against talks as well, 
  do you think the the uk media can successfully brand nick clegg as a soothsayer and make him pm ? 
  figured he might have more credibility that way rather than it sounding like a prediction based on expertise , which we now know england does n't like . 
  i do n't seem to recall that last part being a stipulation actually , especially given the support given to the snp with a manifesto that more or less explicitly said they 'd push for a second independence referendum in case of a brexit . 
  they also happen to have a parliamentary majority on this due to the greens also being pro-independence due to brexit . 
  it was about `` we can keep bernie sanders in the race ! '', 
  kind of crap with some justification about americans keeping an eye on euro politics being here . 
  i just want to say thank you for posting that . 
  i 'm getting real tired of people going `` look at their deficit '' when we do n't have the full controls from westminster to try and reduce it that an independent country would have . 
  i understand it 's still a large point , i 'm just tired of people pretending it 's a simple issue is all . 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhxo0udpoxm ), 
  george r. r. martin is american actually so both the books and script are american . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  this was n't anywhere near as grim as i was expecting . 
  apparently so , that 's what remembering stuff from school gets me . 
  i seem to remember being taught it was early 11th century but most of the sources i 'm finding quickly seem to point to about mid-10th for strathclyde and about the 970s for lothian . 
  my bad on that part . 
  you 've made sort of a weird leap there at the end . 
  the brythonic kingdom of strathclyde got invaded by the kingdom of alba in the 11th century and , as far as i know , the region remained notably brythonic until about the 13th century , so how exactly did the area become fully english there exactly ? 
  edit : also the whole scottish lowlands ( as your post says ) were not part of northumbria , part of them were . 
  for comparison : [ the scottish lowlands , as they would be defined now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b0xzuvy.png ) vs [ northumbria ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b2loyvc.jpg ), 
  please send help . 
  normally something along the lines of `` how am i going to break that fucking personal union ? '', 
  more seriously i think of it as staunchly catholic , conservative and where the witcher series is made . 
  i think i 'd go with `` bonnie '' as in bonnie scotland etc. 
  it never occurred to me that the root for that was the french `` bonne '' but apparently it is . 
  i mean , by poking fun i meant stuff [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eauyafe.jpg ) or the people raising mexican flags near his golf course . 
  i also do n't understand why you 'd be upset at us making fun of him to be completely honest . 
  it 's not like we do n't have our own bones to pick with him after all . 
  we seem pretty aware of it here in the uk , i 'd say . 
  the media also does a pretty good job of making it clear how divisive it is . 
  for example , i believe there was some coverage of the protests going on earlier . 
  maybe it helps that where i 'm from ( scotland ) seems intent on poking fun at him whenever possible at the moment as well . 
  i 'd miss some of my relatives who are immigrants to america . 
  i think i might miss the rest of you lot eventually but i 'd probably appreciate the time without your politics being everywhere at first tbh . 
  more seriously , the effect of that would be huge in general and i think you 'd be missed due to many reasons and that 's without going into the idea of a power vacuum after the sole superpower vanishes . 
  the university of edinburgh , university of glasgow and university of st andrews are the top 3 for scotland . 
  based on the qs world university rankings from the 2016 -2017 edition they are 19th , 63rd and 77th in the world . 
  chemistry or physics . 
  more or less accurate , though you missed out the more infuriating variant where they said they 're scotch and then correct you calling yourself scottish and other such crap . 
  the other scottish guys got it right that it kind of just ignores what we generally think being scottish means here . 
  that bit in particular annoys me as i remember an american tourist trying to say one of my friends who was born and raised here was less scottish than he was due to the fact my friend is pakistani in terms of ethnicity and the american was white . 
  part of it is a culture clash and part of it is certain people being massive cunts about it . 
  i asked an estonian friend of mine if they had mcdonalds there when i was 14 or 15 . 
  it sounds really dumb but i thought there may have been like a local branding thing like walkers and lays have here in the uk . 
  he says it 's probably still the dumbest question i 've ever asked him . 
  my high school tried one for a while after some students asked for it . 
  it was shit , nobody read it and they eventually stopped production of it as it was n't worth it at all . 
  i 'm still not convinced he is n't after our windfarms , to be honest . 
  fallout : new vegas or spyro 2 : gateway to glimmer . 
  ca n't bring myself to choose between them .
