  shogun ii fall of the samurai : tosa or nagaoka empire total war : great britain euiv : brandenburg/prussia , the byzantine empire or one of the jurchen tribes . 
  enemies that require annihilation are always austria , ottomans and ming , in that order usually . 
  ck2 : usually played in scotland or ireland . 
  the enemy were the karlings , wherever they may hide . 
  civ 5 : japan or france . 
  age of empires 2 : japan or china age of empires 3 : russia c&c red alert 2 : uk or russia . 
  c&c red alert 3 : japan c&c generals : china , infantry general in zero hour . 
  not sure the c&c ones are what you 're looking for but aye . 
  kilts are generally a part of formal wear here so you might see a lot of them around if there 's a wedding or some other special event nearby which means you 'll see them relatively often by comparison to some other traditional outfits . 
  some people also wear the less formal ones just generally for comfort though it 's not really common here in glasgow . 
  basically , it would n't really raise any more eyebrows than a tuxedo would for the formal versions or than a suit would for the slightly less formal ones . 
  barefoot year round . 
  same for my whole family . 
  i have some family in the us . 
  feels like it 's relatively common here to have some extended family in north america . 
  i always saw that but with indigo added in between blue and purple . 
  a paid helper ( generally , can also be a family member ) who regularly looks after a sick , elderly , or disabled person . 
  scottish gaelic . 
  that can be done without the general level of self-loathing that is shown in some of the more extreme posts like that though . 
  i find the americans that are like europe is so much better even though i 've never lived there etc more frustrating than the murica idiots , to be honest . 
  to be clear , i 'm referring specifically to the extreme examples who seem to actually hate the us or act like they do to try and get a more favourable response or something . 
  a few tourists i 've met seem to have expected scotland to basically be like it is in outlander . 
  there are some pretty obvious problems with that given that 's set in a fictionalised version of the 18th century . 
  quite a few also think they 'll be able to get really high quality whisky on the cheap here . 
  this may be more unrealistic than the outlander one . 
  it was supposed to be a throw away and i made it with my ( now deceased ) cat sitting next to me . 
  my cat 's birthday was on the 17th of july . 
  i 'm mainly posting this because someone thought it was referring to the act of union before and i did n't even think about that when i made it . 
  worth mentioning that i 'm not an expert and i 'm also cutting out a lot of information in order to keep it relatively brief . 
  there 's the jacobite risings as some obvious ones . 
  they were basically rebellions to try and put the last catholic british monarch or his dynasty back on the throne . 
  there 's the marian civil war which was basically a war between supporters of mary , queen of scots , and the regents who ruled in the name of her infant son , james vi , over who should rule . 
  there 's the scottish civil war which is part of the wars of the three kingdoms . 
  this was a war between scottish royalists against the covenanters ( who were allied with the english parliament ) . 
  it was basically fought because the convenanters sided with the english parliament against the king and the royalists sided with the king . 
  there 's obviously a lot more to it as that period was basically a clusterfuck . 
  i 've seen the wars of scottish independence counted as civil wars before but they 've always seemed a lot more like outright invasions compared to the others i 've listed . 
  pretty sure it 's another name for a binman/garbageman etc. 
  california or new mexico . 
  i quite like colorado 's as well for some reason . 
  i lost count of the number of times i was asked if i was irish when i was studying in the us . 
  made an irish friend there who apparently got asked if he was scottish a lot so this mix up might be relatively common . 
  [ the river clyde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/river_clyde ) feels like an appropriate size for glasgow i suppose . 
  probably better asking in / r/askuk / for a wider range of answers . 
  no but i 've only ever watched one game . 
  i 'll take your word for it , i 'm atrocious at linguistics . 
  i 'm still struggling with gouda and van gogh for instance . 
  also craig would be / k\u0279e\u026a\u0261 / using ipa . 
  i think that 's how you said you pronounce it but figured that 's clearer either way . 
  i think german and maybe dutch uses a similar ch sound some of the time . 
  [ i 've never heard a native scot say it as anything but this or something very similar . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=driwbrs3oc8#t=0m50s ), 
  loch being said as lock drives me up the wall for some reason . 
  as does craig being said like it rhymes with greg . 
  also til it 's not pronounced like gooda . 
  thank you . 
  how would mj\u00f6lnir be pronounced , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  never been quite sure . 
  i think i end up going with something like myole-near usually . 
  kelvin did most of his work in glasgow but he was born in belfast . 
  i 'd definetly put him up there for the uk as a whole . 
  james clerk maxwell , robert burns and adam smith would be the big 3 that come to mind for scotland for me . 
  i was originally just going to say i feel no list for the uk would be complete without maxwell on there but was n't sure that contributed enough . 
  edit : david hume would probably be another well known one . 
  edit 2 : there 's also james watt and alexander fleming as two other obvious choices i missed out . 
  a lorne sausage on a morning roll probably . 
  [ well , this happened a while ago . 
  you seem like you might be interested in it so aye . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/12/nyregion/us-police-leaders-visiting-scotland-get-lessons-on-avoiding-deadly-force.html ), 
  i 'm pretty sure we tend to get the ginger bit as well . 
  a song of ice and fire would be my favourite series and it would be fight club by chuck palahniuk , trainspotting by irvine welsh or american gods by neil gaiman for my favourite stand alone book . 
  that we 're perpetually drunk and/or angry and hate the english . 
  the four million was me missing a word by accident . 
  it was meant to be four hundred million . 
  seems my edit was too late , sorry . 
  i think it 's fair in regards to the argument i was trying to make initially , which was that just saying everyone was racist , homphobic and xenophobic does n't mean there were n't degrees within that . 
  i just get a little annoyed when i see someone bring up `` oh , everyone was racist '' to try and dismiss someone 's point like that . 
  you 're right though that just comparing roosevelt and churchill probably is n't entirely fair . 
  the way that quote reads to me suggests lord moran saw it as pretty old-fashioned thinking though but i 'm not an expert so ca n't say that with any degree of authority . 
  i honestly do n't know enough about kipling to say for him . 
  winston churchill : the struggle for survival , 1940-1965 by lord moran ( the doctor in question ) cites the diary entry i was referring to . 
  `` to the president , china means four hundred million people who are going to count in the world of tomorrow , but winston thinks only of the colour of their skin ; it is when he talks of india or china that you remember he is a victorian . '', 
  edit : missed a rather important word ( hundred ) in that quote . 
  we have evidence to suggest that churchill was considered racist even within the context of it being the 1940s . 
  see the diary entry by his doctor comparing roosevelt and churchill in regards to india and china for an example . 
  i passed through new britain twice when i was in the states so sort of i guess . 
  my only thought on it was that it was inaccurate as it was incredibly sunny both times i went through it . 
  lived in the us for 7 months . 
  was there to study for a semester with 3 other people from my course at uni and i was staying with my uncle who moved there about 20 years ago . 
  there were also 2 other people on my course who went to study in the us that semester but not in the same part . 
  quite comfortably is an understatement with this guy . 
  i think he was earning something like $ 7.4 million a couple of years ago . 
  i watch quite a lot of stuff from people who make a living on youtube and that still baffles me . 
  there 's also the three musketeers as an easy one for france . 
  i also had to study all quiet on the western front so that 'd be a german one . 
  you realise we have high schools in the uk , right ? 
  it 's actually the most commonly used name for them in scotland ( as in most of them are called x high school or whatever ) . 
  i 'm not sure , to be honest . 
  the full plan i saw was [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/graham.omalley1/posts/10154140334369404 ),
