  and that is the problem  one does n't simply become dutch just by moving there . 
  dutch is more than just a nationality , it is also implies ethnicity , no matter how much the dutch ( and other europeans in similar situations ) pretend otherwise . 
  i am not ethnically dutch yet no one cares because i am white . 
  we here in the netherlands have been a home to refugees from european religious conflicts in the past , like spanish jews and huguenot french . 
  do n't you fucking tell me what my country is or is n't . 
  this is painfully true . 
  the current government of the netherlands is very sympathetic to the position of the british government but are also frustrated about the way they try to negotiate . 
  cameron has simply overplayed his hand instead of compromising and teaming up with denmark , the netherlands and sweden . 
  it is a huge difference with hollande , for example . 
  he , somehow , managed to get what he wanted almost every single time , especially during the crisis with greece . 
  `` i was hoping mephisto would come in person . '', 
  `` to you ? 
  he is in sochi . 
  paintballing with a client '' shots fired, 
  lol , that stuff was shocking a hundred years ago :'d, 
  there has always been tons of mediocre art and we only remember the cream of the crop . 
  i love it !, 
  atlas shrugged is not tough ; it is shit . 
  i read all of it . 
  i thought so, 
  france is allowed to cross german airspace then ? 
  crybabies , the dutch government that is . 
  you had your chance in the 1920 's :p, 
  but it is not just for turkey . 
  it is for the reputation of nato , which depends on it . 
  turkey does n't care about isis because they want to see assad lose . 
  turkey is in nato and a very important member, 
  and the byzantine empire alienated and persecuted other christians so much that they preferred to be ruled by muslims over the byzantines themselves . 
  it is one of the major reasons why the initial islamic conquests was so successful ; they promised to leave them alone as long as they paid their tax . 
  or croatia . 
  well i expect you guys to recognise use because we are fellow red-white-blue lovers . 
  that is pretty cool . 
  the place where i was born , the town where my parents live and the city where i am currently living are all on there . 
  ever heard of the teutonic order ? 
  it grew up be a tiny country of no significance called prussia, 
  and we are rude as shit, 
  you should read more about french history then :p, 
  where are the bonapartes when you need them ? 
  [ we should all at least dust of our nice flags ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/be/imperial_standard_of_napol%c3%a9on_iii.svg/2000px-imperial_standard_of_napol%c3%a9on_iii.svg.png ), 
  yeah my bad , it linked to the dutch version for me automatically . 
  i got it because of this article : http://news.err.ee/v/politics/education/86e4d056-d28a-4380-b399-ccab6095afc1/estonia-ranks-high-for-english-proficiency#.vjoyrnomhrc.twitter but this did n't include the list itself . 
  it is almost exactly the same :( watch this video if you want to be more depressed about it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcbjwgj3jbk, 
  and at the same time they do n't want people to build more houses because they are afraid that people who already own a home lose money . 
  housing prices are absurdly inflated and simply need to go down . 
  of course they are , were do you think that stereotype comes from :p, 
  we did , in limburg and brabant, 
  this means war . 
   ice skating ? 
  really ? 
  i beg your pardon?\u0ca0 _ \u0ca0, 
  post wwii of course, 
  there is not reason to except the barbaric use of a `` z '' as a `` ts '' . 
  thank you , i can speak german so it is no problem . 
  always interesting to see how tunisia was such a core part of the empire . 
  we even got one dutch citizen somewhere . 
  lol whut, 
  why would we be against it ? 
  we do n't even have an army anymore :'d, 
   there is no reason for the russian gouverment to invade any country in baltics or ex-soviet union , if the west stop expand the nato to ex-soviet states those states joined nato to feel save from russia . 
  they would n't have done so if they did n't have anything to fear . 
   yes god forbid we cooperate with russia , one of the largest military powers in the world with the largest nuclear arsenal . 
  excluding russia from the world order has been counter-productive . 
  here 's some real talk : who 's been blowing up western cities in the 21st century ? 
  hint : it 's no ivan . 
  ha , that i would see the day that an american would proudly bow down to russia :'d, 
   no war with russia unless russia invades the baltics, 
  so is everyone in the baltics put shopping for explosives and guns ? 
  i think they would preferred to buy a real castle and not some kitschy 19th century replica . 
  good , i am hoping for a lot more but every little bit helps . 
  to be fair , the american revolution was a super tame revolution . 
  which was also the reason why it was so successful . 
  just compare it to the french or russian revolution . 
  she could be from anatolia . 
  that was greek at the time . 
  i wish they would work much harder in the eu to help fix the problems in italy . 
  they are the ones who benefited the least from the euro and its economy is way too big to risk fucking up . 
  it is wishful thinking but i wish they just invested a fuckton in italy to prevent future problems . 
  yep , there are simply no real challengers, 
  i do n't know but it is really good . 
  bit off topic but david foster wallace 's essay on federer is amazing , even if you do n't care about tennis, 
  haha , i mean `` we '' as in the eu . 
  which is something we all should , the chances of it ever happening will greatly decrease if we are better prepared . 
  i am dutch and have n't really noticed that so far ^ ^, 
   serious question ... why on earth would they do that ? 
  it makes little to no differences to them being easy on the uk threatens the eu and if the eu collapses than the economic damage would a whole lot more than just a manageable percentage of their gdp . 
  dutch labour is inconsistent as always , this has happened before, 
  aftikaans looks very childish to me . 
  everything is close by ^ ^, 
   we do n't we use xtc . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  english speaking ... what germans try to speak hardly qualifies as english . 
  2 gigs of data and 300 minutes will cost you around 18 euros . 
  holy shit that is really cheap . 
  shooting at horses is borderline cheating as well . 
  you guys clearly deserve eachother < 3, 
  the french can happily forget agincourt with the knowledge that they beat the english just as hard near the end of the hundred years war . 
  * applause *, 
  dutch or spanish ? 
  as someone who is actually studying arthistory . 
  a lot of the facades of these buildings have been built about 200 years later than the original building .
