  it does n't really help that your flags are also very similar, 
  and that makes us like them even more, 
  yes , i 'm still trying to decide which one i should learn . 
  i honestly do n't know about the demographics of the time but i know that there were quite a number of notable roman berbers and even a couple of berber emperors like [ septimius serverus ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/septimius_severus ) . 
  berbers also lived in carthage/roman north africa . 
  carthage was founded by phoenicians who came from the middle east . 
  stikstof in dutch, 
  exactly , i wish it was more similar because that would make my exam on wednesday a lot easier . 
  btw one of the reason that you probably have trouble understanding it is because of the vowel shift . 
  i read part of a 15th century bible from k\u00f6ln in a museum and found it easier to read than high german, 
   saldejums what is this ? 
  i get pictures of ice cream when i google it xd, 
  wtf is this ? 
  edit : it is still pretty funny even though i do n't understand any of it . 
  surstr\u00f6mming transcends language, 
  danish sounds impossible to pronounce to me and i have a very hard time telling norwegian and swedish apart . 
  finnish sounds awesome . 
  well at least oman is safe in the middle east :p, 
  it is ridiculous that you are being downvoted : s. i would love to visit iran . 
  iran is safe when it comes to crime . 
  there was a dutch women who was raped and they took it extremely serious and put a lot of police on the case . 
  iran is utter shit in a lot of ways but the if you adjust to their laws then you will be fine . 
  because you can probably travel to crimea and be fine and there is a risk of being killed in the border regions of azerbaijan and armenia . 
  a friend of went crossed the border to iran from either armenia or turkey ( ca n't exactly remember ) and two weeks after they crossed the border the crossing was attacked and a couple of iranian soldiers were killed . 
  political instability in morocco ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  friends of mine went to iran last year and they had a wonderful time, 
  and that states had a shit ton of rights and you had a civil war :p . sounds like the unification of italy and germany . 
  says the brit :p, 
  i never said they had to get . 
  if people want to stab each other in the face then they have my blessing , 
  but do n't people get stabbed in the face ? 
  mensur fencing is pretty insane . 
  we have a winner !, 
  i read ( half of ) a book on it and it is a study done by archaeologists , historians , microbiologists and few people i ca n't remember and they tried to put all their information together and they found convincing evidence that at least some of the people were killed by the same bacteria . 
  i ca n't remember if it was a 100 % certain that it caused all the deaths . 
  i 'm jealous :p, 
  nope, 
  i guess that it is newsworthy if it stops raining in bergen, 
  they are rarely big enough to cause harm so it sounds more impressive than it really is . 
  one of the world 's first suicide bombings done against a country that was trying to secede, 
  whoo my time to be pedantic . 
  [ the plague of justinian ( 541 -- 542 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plague_of_justinian ) was also caused by the same bacteria . 
  mare nostrum part ii !, 
  you are right and i was being a dick . 
  my apologies . 
  yeah great idea , let the greatest threat to peace in europe of the last 150 years reunite without some precautions . 
  we know that it went well right now , but do n't forget that that is with hindsight . 
  the problem with germany is that it is too powerful compared to the rest of europe . 
  in france they clearly did not forget about the two world wars and wanted a way to keep germany in check . 
  i do n't think you can blame them for that . 
  you are probably right . 
  i 'm just pissed off and probably unreasonable but i just expected more . 
  i expected at least some vision and leadership but what we got instead is slimy politicians on one side and naive and overconfident politicians on the other side . 
  the soviet union collapsed , why would the cold war continue if germany would remain split in two ? 
   this is not about punishing or humiliating this is about finding an agreement and tsipras just was in no place to negotiate anymore . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  it is very clear that sch\u00e4uble wanted to punish them even when tsipras had basically surrendered to everything they ask of him . 
  this problem needs a solution and not pushing agreements to make themselves seem like the stern , rule abiding politician the people want to see . 
  there was the option to kick them out , but they probably were afraid that it might make them ( netherlands , germany , finland etc ) look bad . 
  and there was no alternative scenario ? 
  they could have stayed two independent countries . 
   there are a lot of shades of gray , but what seems very clear is that greece borrowed money to spend on nice things and now they ca n't borrow any more , some how that is the fault of `` the evil troika '' and germany . 
  that is not why people , including me , are upset about this . 
  if they do n't want to lend them any money then they should just say so . 
  but they are offering unreasonable demands in the hope that they will leave themselves or that it will destabilize their government . 
  it is the way in which it is done that is so infuriating to me . 
  i do n't give a fuck about syriza or tsipras but this just hurts european unity . 
  shitty politicians ? 
  a-fucking-men . 
  it is not hard to imagine why france might be hesitant about the german re-unification ... 
  the 50 billion dollar privatisation fund in another country is unnecessary . 
  also no extensions ( yet ) or cuts . 
  we know that greece ca n't pay these loans . 
  so we either stop bailing them out or solve this problem . 
  not this kicking the can down the road bullshit . 
  i genuinely appreciate that !, 
  we might not agree but at least i appreciate your politeness !, 
  like i said in another comment : i would be fine if they just would n't bail greece out . 
  but now they are just punishing them with humiliating demands . 
   merkel is just saying what many people are thinking . 
  of course she does that , she does n't do anything else . 
  the problem i have with it is that she should say that she is not going to bail greece out or they should come with demands that can fix these problems and get greece back on track . 
  but that is not what they did . 
  instead , they offered terms to humiliate ( privatize and send the money to a foreign fund ) or punish greece . 
  and with that move that showed they she cared more about how she appeared than about european unity and fixing this issue . 
  i would have completely agreed with you if the demands were reasonable . 
  finding someone who is smiling and eating popcorn `` annoying and obnoxious '' comes across as pretty salty to me , 
  it seems to me that people here are missing the point of these accusations : the writer does n't blame the fact that they demand reforms from greece . 
  he blames merkel for wanting to ** punish ** greece with unreasonable demands . 
  i 'm not a big fan of syriza and i absolutely believe that they need to reform and fix their tax/government spending issues . 
  but they should demand structural reform from greece to fix this problem and they should not punish them to appease their own constituency . 
  that is what is ruining germany 's reputation and is putting european unity on the line and that makes them just as bad as tsipras and varoufakis, 
   l that is dependent from which country you are . 
  i think most of the nordic countries , like the netherlands , are supporting germany . 
  i really do n't understand the hate for germany now . 
  have you actually read the article ? 
  lutherans are not even real protestants anyway :p, 
  i agree . 
   years ago , everyone was so relieved when she finally consulted with a stylist because her dresses and hairstyle were awful that could also be a thought out image .
