  haha oops i breaks this `` rule '' way too often, 
  another tip , do n't tell dutch people that dutch is basically the same as german . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  sorry but i fail to see how being in favor of imposing sanctions/isolating russia is lusting for war . 
  i simply want putin 's russia to stop with the annexation of the east of ukraine . 
  i personally think that punishing such behavior harshly will actually prevent war . 
  what if he successfully annexes eastern ukraine ? 
  that would be a huge boost to the militaristic nationalists in russia 's government , and i 'm afraid that might be going after the baltic countries next and that will get nato involved . 
  if we make it clear that any sign of `` imperialism '' ( for the lack of a better term ) will not go unpunished it might be a deterrent to try something bolder next . 
  good !, 
  do you the historical context of that song ? 
  it makes a lot of sense if you know . 
  there are too many powerful people in russia that have way too much to lose , if putin really fucks up one of the other oligarch will remove him from power . 
  nope , france and the uk alone could take the conventional military of russia , if we remove their nuclear threat they will have not much left, 
  so , when are we going to invest some serious money in a nato missile defense shield ? 
  it 's a deserved reputation . 
  germans are quite direct but they lack the warmth of dutch people, 
  you realize we can obliterate their economy if we simply stop buying their products ? 
  you can hardly justify the use of nukes in that scenario . 
  your point about nukes is valid however and i think we should invest a ton of money in a anti ballistic missile shield . 
  that 's bullshit , china will never ally with russia unless china has nothing to lose . 
  china is going to sit back and try to take advantage of the situation . 
  they have been spying on us , dutch citizens , for ages . 
  crimean war was pretty messed up as well as the thirty years war, 
  too be fair the greeka were kinda dicks and the persiana were pretty chill, 
  which fuelled the militarism in france , united kingdom , russia and germany . 
  more pointless . 
  i fail to see what 's heroic about being shot to pieces by the millions by machine gun fire . 
  world war i was neither glorious or heroic , it was the result of blind nationalism and imperialism . 
  my experience is not enough roadworks , some roads were in really bad shape in comparison to highways in the netherlands, 
  i thought the roads were a lot better in the netherlands than in germany, 
  hrvp ? 
  finally, 
  shooting the wrong person is still murder . 
  i do n't know , i found the reaction of a lot of people reacted with apathy, 
   and ~ ~ a russian flag ~ ~ russia in flames would be nice . 
  they are in shock , they will be angry, 
  now it does, 
  look i 'm not talking about war . 
  no fucking way that the dutch people are going to accept anything short of serious action now . 
  154 dutch people died in that crash . 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  they are a `` loser '' country . 
  huge problems with alcoholism , nepotism , no freedom of press , no democracy . 
  instead of whining about it they could take some responsibility and try to fix the shit their country is in, 
  the rest was a good idea though !, 
  vanilla coke is n't that rare in the netherlands so i doubt it will be rare in germany . 
  of course , but what the hell is russia going to do about it . 
  fuck amazon , they are basically extorting publishers , they avoid taxes and want to gain a monopoly . 
  go france, 
  too be fair , the german tanks at the start of the were n't any spectacular either . 
  ah you beat me to it, 
  depends on what you define as worse . 
  better , there is more and more discussion about it and a judge actually prevented the city of amsterdam from hosting the festivities this year . 
  oh sorry , in the netherlands . 
  the attitude is changing here though . 
  germans manage to be polite and efficient . 
  germans are not rude and tend to have more respect for authority , that 's the biggest difference imho . 
  nrc handelsblad , the guardian , reuters . 
  ah yes , tolerant in the sense of lifestyle . 
  it 's really hard to judge for me because i 'm not racist and neither are my friends and family . 
  it makes it very hard to judge about how racist the netherlands, 
  what !? 
  dutch people being politically correct ? 
  we are whiny , tolerant , rudely direct but relatively optemistic , but definitely not politcally correct . 
  capital : rome of course, 
  they do n't sell to me many berlijnse bollen and de belegde broodjes in the netherlands are either fricking expensive and luxurious or cheap anddisgusting . 
  in germany they are cheap , simple and good . 
  most belgians speak better dutch than most dutch people, 
  you sure he is n't an undercover german , 
  nah it 's alright you simply have a shitty sense of humour, 
  we do have a sense of humor , that 's why i 'm not laughing . 
  okay tell me then i 'm dutch . 
  i do n't think these people died for peace , they died `` for their country '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they died because of militarism and nationalism . 
  http://www.beke.nl/publicaties/kwetsbaar_beroep?publ=alle%20publicaties&amp;p=16 this research uses police sources which suggests that about 30 % -40 % of the prostitutes in amsterdam are forced . 
  i can only speak for the netherlands but the problem is not the legalisation itself , it 's the way it is being enforced and regulated . 
  there is n't enough control here . 
  i support legalisation if it is strictly regulated . 
  shut up , stupid hick, 
  in thr netherlands it 's actually changing because of the high numbers of girls being forced, 
  those laws exist to stop women from being exploited, 
  also trouw , nrc , telegraaf and de volkskrant combined . 
  individually they are biased but we do n't have one type of newspaper dominating the others . 
  it 's a simplistic view of europe . 
  i ca n't even go three generations back without having roots outside of the netherlands . 
  europe is a melting pot and it has been for centuries . 
  my result was exactly the same ^ ^, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's sound if da police by krs one, 
  i do n't like watching sports much . 
  i used to do taekwondo so i watch that during the olympics but that 's about it . 
  what about frederich the great of prussia and karl v, 
  i want to avoid it as much as possible, 
  it tastes like slimy seawater, 
  how much tea do you drink ? 
  do you own a gun ? 
  willem iii stadhouder van nederland and king of england . 
  only because he was blackmailed for being gay, 
  different william, 
  fun fact : the dutch royal family ia actually from germany,
