  really depressing , especially since they do n't have gay marriage in germany, 
  and most of europe likes it that way to be honest, 
  bibi blocksberg is awesome at least it 's my level of german :'), 
  and you get downvoted by butt hurt muricans :|, 
  it 's adorable, 
  he sounds like a right wing wacko to me to be honest . 
  okay , sorry if i came across a bit harshly then but i still disagree . 
  if you consider it from only a realpolitik aspect then russia simply fucked up , they alienated their neighbours and pushed them into the arms of the west/eu/nato . 
  they are starting a cold war-ish conflict with a the two greatest world powers ( eu and us ) which they ca n't possibly hope to win . 
  we ( the west ) could simply destroy their economy if we stopped buying their gas , it would seriously hurt our economy but there comes a point were the goal of stopping russia becomes more important then a economic recession . 
  sure they will beat ukraine but look at what cost , this whole `` invasion '' is simply to safe face of having supported rebels who probably would have got their ass kicked . 
  the cost to the russian economy is not something you should overlook simply because the eu leaders could have done more . 
  ( sorry if this post is a bit incoherent ) one more point : any serious actions by russia in the baltic will result in war , there is simply too much at stake for the politicians in charge . 
  obama would probably be impeached if he allowed nato to collapse and he will never allow that to happen . 
  itt : butt hurt english, 
  fuck that attitude seriously , the west is not barging into russia 's sphere of influence . 
  a lot of those ex-warsaw pact countries were begging to join nato and the eu . 
  russia alienated those countries by dominating them by threatening them with military intervention if they were n't acting like they lapdogs . 
  they ruined their own sphere of influence themselves and no all act butt hurt because they have an inferiority complex . 
  i think you are overestimating them a bit . 
  the netherlands has a model that is quite similar, 
  they are power hungry dicks with an inferiority complex . 
  i just saved you 2 minutes and 30 seconds . 
  the countries who matter will , the us , uk and france together with the eastern european countries . 
  yeah me too and the irony of the situation woukd be so awesome . 
  you mean with proper pronounciation instead of the z as ts and s as z, 
  most people ate a shitload of bread or porridge before the arrival of the potato, 
  and that kids , is how wwiii started, 
  laugh translate to lach and glimlach ( literally shine laugh ) translates to smile, 
  that statue is amazing, 
  they got guns in their pockets, 
  it 's not like any of the others are any less hideous, 
  it 's hideous, 
  the ancient civilization of the spanish habsburgs . 
   you would n't have to wait for the us main armies . 
  and the ~ ~ us ~ ~ nato air force could be there within hours . 
  quite a few planes are already in rammstein , germany . 
  i tried to find how many military aircraft all of nato has but i ca n't find anything, 
  it 's part of the deal . 
  the us defends us ( europe ) and europe does n't fully re-arm itself . 
  not doing anything would be politcal suicide , of course they will react . 
  i can basically see it from my house even though it is about 15-20 km away :( , hard to ignore something which pollutes my horizon so much, 
  you forgot zoetermeer , the lelystad of zuid-holland, 
   randstad / grachtengordel on the countryside there is the sentiment that those people in the randstad / grachtengordel are making stupid government rules and are living in a hippie fantasy world disconnected from what really matters . 
  and in the randstad we like to think that there are only bloody conservative hicks in the rest of the country, 
  do n't you mean pork ? 
  and milk , veggies and cheese i guess . 
  and the netherlands dominates germany !, 
  ( this is probably the only time i will be able to use this exact sentence . ), 
  btw ireland imports the most from the uk, 
  war is always an option . 
  we do n't live in a post war utopia . 
  a lot of other european countries are still very wary of germany , it would be highly controversial if germany would start spending as much of their gdp on their military as the us . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's toyota in the netherlands, 
  ah no they are worse , i just did n't want to blame it on merkel alone, 
  merkel and the cdu can go fuck themselves . 
  well putin 's `` plan '' simply did n't work , he did n't expect the ukrainian army to kick the rebel 's ass . 
  amen, 
  i agree , if we ( us and eu ) work together we can probably shut ourselfs off russian gas, 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/75/groot_nederland_english.png greater netherlands but let 's not call it dietsland , that would embarrassing and confusing, 
  we ( the netherlands ) tried to be neutral in wwii just like we did in wwi , but it did n't work out that well . 
  i 'm not sure if he is kidding or not, 
  which provocations ? 
  examples please ? 
  nato is not expanding eastwards , eastern countries are being pushed into nato 's arms because of russian aggression . 
  i find it hilarious that you think there will be a new warsaw pact ? 
  who do you suggest is willing to join them ? 
  belarus ? 
  maybe we can shoot some missiles at them and test their reaction times . 
  you get taken away to spain by a turkish bishop, 
  remember 1688 we will invade your island again and let you claim it we were invited to safe face . 
  most 70 year olds do n't need a wheelchair . 
  can we join ? 
  ( the netherlands ), 
  the dutch and danes are also genetically more similar than danes are to germans or dutch are to germans, 
  they had some pictures on twitter, 
  and the grammar system, 
  there need to be a honorary mention for fryske s\u00fbkerb\u00f4le, 
  no love for stroopwafels ? 
  hutspot is heavenly, 
  tell that to the serfs of europe . 
  to be fair , it 's not as if europe itself was very peaceful at the time . 
  how to spot the racist , lesson one . 
  what about using tidal power ? 
  you bastard , i live in zuid holland and it 's dreadfully ugly here :(, 
  we were first !, 
  the symmetry makes me happy, 
  i do n't know about that equals part , romans adored everything greek and it 's not coincidence that greek replaced latin in the long run, 
  china was known by the romans , at least sort of known, 
  picts forever !, 
  speak for yourself !, 
   do n't try to imitate swiss german . 
  unless you 're actually trying to learn it , then it 's fine . 
  but seriously , do not even think of adding random - li 's to standard german . 
  it does n't work like that . 
   in a similar fashion , do not insult our dialects unless you want to actually provoke a fight . 
  note to self : do n't go to switzerland because i will get into a fight . 
  that 's only because you need to drink away your inferiority complex , 
   do not ever say something like `` this is done better in my country '' . 
  instead , say : `` we do this differently in my country . '' .
