  the only reason a german would talk to a stranger is to correct him after breaking some rule, 
  why do you need to register to vote ? 
  here you just automatically get your voting card in the mail . 
  he was the only communist leader that got what was coming to him , so yay romania ? 
  exactly !, 
  i felt homesick when i was on vacation in weimar because of the lack of water . 
  good luck conquering westeros with these dragons, 
  good point, 
  all studies are available in english here in the netherlands and if you go amsterdam there will be plenty of people of moroccan descent who might help you out . 
  it sounded good enough for the ottomans ^ ^, 
  it is a pretty nasty bite . 
  i 've seen pictures of people being bitten by them, 
  last week someone said : `` are n't dutch people from norway ? '', 
  the uniting never happened . 
   the reconquista * and crusades were reactionary movements meant to combat muslim aggression in europe and christian dominated areas of the middle east . 
  this is partly true , but the northern crusades were simply the spreading of christianity by the sword . 
  they even fought other christians in the north . 
  yes , at a time the church was mostly busy in-fighting over the holy trinity . 
   you do n't seem to understand that muslims were a extreme minority when they invaded the levant and egypt . 
  i perfectly understand this because i have read a book about it . 
  i can source my claims if you want to . 
  http://www.amazon.com/great-arab-conquests-spread-changed/dp/0306817403  they could n't just go murder everybody because that would n't make sense at all . 
  by surpression they managed to get extremely rich from which in turn they could expand their huge caliphate . 
  this is both correct . 
  your interpretation is what is wrong with it . 
  why on earth would they want people to convert if they earned them so much money ? 
  they actually tried to make it harder for people to be acknowledge as muslim . 
   and both the levant and egypt could be conquered because there was a huge war that exhausted both the byzantines and sassanids leaving them vunerable . 
  this is also true , but the local population often just let them take control of their cities without a fight and one of the reasons for that is that they would n't persecute them for their beliefs , at least aside from paying taxes . 
  the abbassids took much much longer to defeat the north african berbers because they did actually resist . 
  the christians and jews had the ability to pay taxes in first place . 
  christians would have just straight up murdered them , like they did with the monophysites in the levant and egypt , which os why islam was able to take a foothold in the first place . 
  there was no islam when the church was just founded :'d, 
  i care godverdomme !, 
  this makes me proud since you guys have 2,5 times the population, 
  people love italy but think it is a bit of a mess when it comes to politics, 
  we improved it . 
  also finland was invaded by russia first during the winter war . 
  i mean , i see your point and i am probably really pedantic but try to argue your points from facts . 
  russia invaded romania in the crimean war . 
  maybe russia should stop being a dick to their neighbours . 
  people would n't want those shields if they felt safe from invasion/war . 
  the german frisians do n't even speak frisian . 
  the freedom to be the bitch of the us , china or russia, 
  the baltics and belarus are as flat as the netherlands, 
   less than half arsed . 
  he basically had two problems , he needed to appear to negotiate and get something , and he needed to make it look like the eu could actually reform . 
  he failed in both , but basically made out that he achieved both . 
  he tried to appeal to the british voter too much and either did n't care or did n't realise how it would alienate the leaders of other eu countries . 
  our pm and cameron get along really well and he simply never bothered to capitalise on it . 
  i can understand why he did n't want to do it ; he wanted to look like he was tough against the eu . 
   i doubt even that would have yielded much in the short or even medium term to be honest . 
  if he played his cards right he might . 
  there is a lot of criticism on the way the eu works as an organisation , even from europhiles like me . 
  all of this aside , i also think that the way the brexit campaign is talking about europe is not strengthening their position in the case of a brexit . 
  people in the eu would be much more amicable if they simply said things along the lines of '' we should go our separate ways '' type of stuff . 
  the tone they currently use has alienated a lot of people in the eu and the way the exit procedure works , as in requiring near-unanimity and unanimity to extent the 2 year re-negotiation period , means that there only have to be a couple of countries that think `` fuck the uk '' to make it an utter mess . 
  i ca n't imagine a europe without france , benelux , germany and italy being in some kind of union . 
   i 'm not sure that german , french and italian politicians will want to see uncertainty hit their own industries and economies in exchange for something as intangible as a possible disincentive for other countries when it comes to leaving the eu , same goes for access to the financial markets via london . 
  but the new trade deal needs near unanimity , so if there are only a few countries that want to screw over the deal then there wo n't be a new trade deal, 
   why should people be under the thumb of an institution they know nothing about and generally do n't want to participate in . 
  it is your democratic duty to inform yourself before voting . 
  or offer an opportunity to close ranks because the most disruptive member has left . 
   actually , that 's pretty much exactly why the uk is having a referendum . 
  even the people arguing the case for remain want to see the eu change significantly ( their strongest argument is that within the eu , we can make the changes that are needed to make the eu work for the uk . . ) , if you look at various surveys that have been done , the biggest support for the uk remaining in the eu is around a ` reformed eu ' . 
  ** that 's also why cameron did his little thing before the referendum kicked off . 
  ** he made a half-assed attempt at doing something . 
  if he really wanted to reform the eu he would have found allies in the netherlands , finland and denmark and might even have accomplished something . 
  instead he wanted exceptions for the uk, 
  the raid on medway part 3 : the euro-boogaloo, 
  if you guys leave it might be an incentive towards further federalisation, 
  why should we ? 
  we ( the eu ) have the better negotiation position if they choose to do so anyway . 
  yes , getting played against each other by china , russia and the us . 
  i am 1,82 and i have never heard of girls having problems with my height, 
  lol as if that will ever happen, 
  there are neighbourhoods which are n't great to walk through at night but there are n't any no-go areas, 
  haha , we talked about this quote in my art historian class and it is like sm stuff . 
  my thoughts exactly, 
  in the same vein : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/20/canada-baby-jesus-head-statue-church-restoration this one is als amazingly awful, 
  `` uk about to wipe the floor with the german army ! '', 
  cats are cute though, 
  are n't the phoenicians originally from syria ? 
  nice try putin, 
  but those are our taxhavens, 
  `` we could totally nuke berlin '', 
  look at this brave soul defending the poor fascists, 
  how is your economy doing again ? 
  ah reality will hit them at some point, 
  ** patriotism !, 
  you 're the puppet !, 
   but had japan not closed itself off at the start of the tokugawa there 's a good chance it would have suffered the same fate as china . 
  which is ironic because they themselves opened up because they were afraid the same thing would happen as happened with china . 
  that is also why they westernised so quickly , they recognised the military supremacy of the west . 
  i have a source for this if you want but now i am too lazy to look in my bookcase to find the title of the book , haha . 
   how come germany and germans always seem so leftwing because people knowledge of german politics tends to end at immigration . 
  merkel herself is also the person that is blocking gay marriage in germany . 
   why did the european culture evolve so early , expanded and stayed till today so successful not downplaying european civilisation but the europeans only truly dominated china since the 19th century . 
  also there definitely was collapse , the most spectacular in the period between 1200-900 bc . 
  living in the netherlands , i can say you will be disappointed at how `` fluent '' most people are in english .
