  i would like to clarify that i do n't think that there is anything wrong with focusing on the rise of nazism/wwii/holocaust in education , but i think it ia also important to not let things that happened over 70 years dictate your decisions today . 
  the fact is that germany is absolutely crucial for europe and to me the military is also a important aspect of that . 
  it does n't have to spend a huge percentage of it 's gsp on defence , as long as they are on par with france and the uk . 
  you are absolutely right , and those people who complain about the 4th reich bullshit should just get over themselves . 
  they still have a wwii guilt complex and are trying very hard to ignore the fact that they are the richest country of the eu and that they should start taking a leadership role, 
  definitely spring , best weather and the blooming of flowers . 
  til i want to move to the azores, 
  yes , that 's why it is so cruel that you take away our only moment of glory . 
  what about the netherlands ? 
  they gave us belgium after the napoleonic wars but you kicked us out, 
  we still sunk your fleet and burned your flagship !, 
  feudalism is complicated and nation states are simple . 
  i guess that 's why they chose that flag . 
  he did take a lot of soldiers and ships though , the fleet was bigger than the spanish armada, 
  the netherlands has promised to increase their spending in phases ( not sure if i remember it correctly ) but it will take a while . 
  france and united kingdom can . 
  i do n't get why asking military personnel to stop wearing a uniform while commuting is seen as `` giving in '' cowardice . 
  i personally feel that it is a smart response . 
  you are taking away their ability to easily carry out a , what by extremists can be argued to be a legit , attack . 
  let me clarify that i do not think that this is a legitimate attack , but those isil extremists believe that they are fighting a war and attacking what in their view is an enemy soldier . 
  it would be a propaganda victory for them if they would pull that off , not to us but to young radicalized muslims . 
  we should do what it takes to take that chance away from them and it also buys time to use the dutch intelligence to track these people down before they do anything . 
  we have had massive surveillance in the netherlands for ages . 
  even before 9-11 . 
  that is a load of bullshit , the salafists have nowhere near the support fascists had . 
  i want sources for that . 
  civil wars do n't work that way . 
  no eu country is going to touch an interal spanish conflict with a 10 ft stick, 
  ground troops . 
  goddamnit finland , we were nr 1 last year :(, 
  good point but my view is that the protection of democracy from democracy should be an un-alterable part of the constitution . 
  the banning should be reserved to judges of course not other political parties . 
  of course but the ones who truly believe in what they stand for , and most people just do n't care enough to support something if it is illegal . 
  we live in a democracy , look at the cda for example : they fucked up and got punished for it . 
  no but their are showing their support for an organisation that actively carries out a genocide . 
  we should n't interefere in people private thoughts but we actively ban racist political parties . 
  no but you can de-legitimise and ban them before that happens, 
  democracy should be protected from undemocratic organisations such as communists , nazis , facists and religious extremists . 
  democracy , human rights and rule of law are all vulnerable to populism . 
  i agree that we need to keep a close eye on on these things to prevent the government from abusing their powers but tolerating an organisation like this is not an option imho . 
  we 've had those rules in the netherlands and germany since wwii and we 've not turned into an oppressive dicatorship, 
  democracy is vulnerable to populist extremist , the reason these laws exist is to prevent democracy from abolishing itself . 
  pff they are pseudo catholics , and so are lutherans . 
  calvinists are the only true protestants  . 
  well he is the ambassador , so not being dumb would be one of he things quite high on my lists of expectations . 
  good . 
  converted over time , just like the christians . 
  look , i 'm not claiming that they were n't killing the christian and jews because of some modern idea of humanism ; they were n't killing them nor forcing them to convert because they could task them more . 
  why the hell would you slaughter your cash cow ? 
  bull fucking shit , do you have some proof ? 
  i never understand why they skip over the burgundian netherlands so much , it 's quite interesting . 
  i 'm pretty sure mohammed was n't committing any genocides or was n't beheading any journalists . 
  it 's not as if austria was comprised solely of puppies and angels in those days , 
  we are kinda rude, 
  are you inviting us to invade and depose your monarch again ? 
  but seriously , i often wonder what would have happened if willem iii and mary stuart had any kids . 
  wtf , why ? 
  i like your reasoning but there are problems with at least two of them : singapore , because it is not a democracy and the problem with israel is obvious . 
  i do n't know enough about panama, 
  your flag is confusing me . 
  and beer i hope ? 
  the big blue blob * shudders *, 
  too small i guess . 
   science aside , as far as you can call these disciplines ` true ' science , you are not going to start with the stem masterrace bullshit now are you ? 
   what i was combating is this constant urge by some factions in dutch society to make the average dutchman look like an inherent bigot , guilty of discrimination by default . 
  racism can be subconscious of course and it is naive to ignore the impact that can have . 
   we should wake up , and stop petting people on the head whenever they do something drastically wrong . 
  that 's something we 've done that for 40 , if not 50 years already , and - it - does - not - work . 
  we should start talking , start adressing the problems and above all : start solving the problems instead of finger pointing . 
  how do you propose to solve this issue ? 
  like i said before in this thread , it is very hard to punish/push those who fuck up without alienating the ones who are successful . 
  i know this is anecdotal but i think it is relevant . 
  my neighbors , a mostly uneducated immigrant couple with 6 children , always encouraged their children to study and those are all successful ( the ones old enough to have finished their education at least ) and have finished at least hbo and speak fluent dutch of course , even with each other . 
  yet one of them told me that the only time they feel completely accepted as dutch is during football . 
  the problem is of course is to pressure/encourage the bad apples without alienating the ones who are really trying . 
  it can have advantages to wait a bit ; you can wait for all the teething issues to be resolved before adopting new technology . 
  me neither , i can even use my pin card in my local pub . 
  because they are quite conservative when it comes to technology . 
  mobile phone subscriptions are almost a third more expensive then in the netherlands for example , they still use faxes quite a bit and it 's hard to find free wifi in caf\u00e9s and such . 
  yes, 
  it 's really ugly but one of the coolest cities of the netherlands, 
  polish would seem the obvious choice . 
  he should be afraid for his political career , if he had n't been so overconfident he could have allowed the scots to vote for federalism , an option most people seem to prefer . 
  he would go down in the history books as the guy who destroyed the union . 
  there will be a lot if lawsuits over this issue, 
  my emphasis was slightly different , 
  rijksmuseum of course . 
  just do n't be offended that there is part of the flagship of the english navy on display, 
  they are broke as shit , why would we care what spain thinks . 
  this is way too dramatic . 
  life will go on as usual either with a yes vote or a no vote . 
  and now you run shit . 
  and it 's not that hard , at least not as hard as dwarf fortress, 
  ah i looked it and it is only the eastern portion of aragon, 
  is n't catalonia basically the same area what aragon ( the iberian part ) used to be ? 
  his hair is too distracting, 
  good point !, 
  the gay rights thing is a bit depressing though . 
  it would be hilarious to see what will happen if they vote no . 
  they promised so much to the scots and i wondee how long it will take them to withdraw their promises,
