why not the eu as a whole ? 
  the uk is the ones that wants to renegotiate with the eu . 
  i would like to see what the uk can offer in return to the concession of allowing them to limit immigration . 
  this has a very easy solution , just threaten to ban immigration from the uk to the rest of europe in return . 
  that 's fine by me , but only if we ban uk citizens from immigrating to eu countries in return . 
  i 'm currently against it but i think that it is very important for the safety of the eu ( and europe in general ) that we stop demolishing our military capabilities . 
  it is time for us to create a european defense oriented army . 
  i do n't care what you call me but previous conflicts in europe has made clear that appeasement is just as dangerous as warmongering . 
   cooler heads must prevail . 
  up to a certain point . 
  leiden , the netherlands - it is known for being the birthplace of rembrandt van rijn . 
  do n't you mean crows ? 
  ah fair enough, 
  i think you are missing the joke . 
  he is talking abouy belgium . 
  we got the uk back !, 
  you can keep him !, 
  this makes me feel good actually , seeing how everyone hates each other . 
  i watch a lot bbc and also quite a lot of flemiah tv and the difference in the way the war is portrait ( spelling ? ), 
  is very striking . 
  the bbc is my only source on this so it might have skewed my view but sometimes it does seem like you guys are obsessed with your national heritage . 
  i mean you even had a debate on tv on who started the war . 
  it feels so sensationalised . 
  amen !, 
  i want them to leave . 
  i do n't hate them or anything but i just think we both would be better of if the uk was n't a eu member . 
  maybe then they can use the money to fix their bloody roads . 
  maybe from the egypt campaign ? 
  but he hated communism and never returned to russia . 
  prokofiev and rymsky-korsakov are also pretty cool . 
  the wonderful irony that they played tchaikovsky . 
  who was gay . 
  i have so many places i want to visit thanks to this subreddit, 
  hutspot masterrace !, 
  limburg and brabant are actually affiliated with catholicism and the rest of the country is more affiliated with protestantism . 
  it is rude and dumb but teenagers are rude and dumb . 
  i do n't really now what the general reaction to radical atheist is . 
  i was raised as an atheist/agnostic i guess so i 'll explain my situation . 
  my father was raised as a catholic and my mother as a reformed ( calvinist ) . 
  religion was simply not talked about much . 
  i once wanted to go to church when i was 10 but my parents discouraged it . 
  i went to a catholic primary and high school but most students were atheist like me . 
  being openly religious would result in being mocked and laughed at . 
  and we get scotland < 3, 
  haha but singular, 
  is it der or die euro ? 
  our eu our rules ... . 
  without ever needing to suffer the horrors of social interaction . 
  the end . 
  still a dick move, 
  and kinda dumb . 
  i would n't want to piss off rich and influential people . 
  haha i love it thay you coloured groningen red . 
  burgundy ftw !, 
  wrong adjustment !, 
  we do n't care that the british are in denial !, 
  it is still an invasion . 
  that 's 300 years ago ... 
  maybe they are closet self-hating homo sexuals ? 
  haha are you still pissed off about william iii ? 
  for sale , yes . 
  the irony was that we managed to stay neutral in the first wwi because we had a relatively strong army . 
  belarus does n't give a shit . 
  they have some leverage on russia which allows them not giving a shit . 
  fuck krampus , always messing up my base when i 'm playing do n't starve, 
  and the eu is free to keep out switzerland, 
  are n't orthodox priests allowed to marry ? 
  it kind of spoils that picture though, 
  those kurds are probably the right wing, 
  nah , it is just that threads like these bring out the racist dickbags . 
  there already is a moderate solution : enforce the fucking laws . 
  i 'm pretty sure supporting terrorists and attacking people is illegal in all of europe so these people nwed to be arrested and tried in court . 
  so instead of giving those people a fair trial we should simply deport them to another country so that it is not our problem anymore ? 
  people who want to abolish human rights , simply because some fucktards are threatening/attacking people , digust me . 
  we should n't resort to this cheap bullshit . 
  we should show them that our society is superior than their backwards barbaric way instead of fighting fire with fire . 
  should that also apply to white german converts ? 
  nsfw, 
  it is also insanely expensive . 
  not a fan of the eu ? 
  i hope so . 
  that looks awesome !, 
  all those downvotes for telling the truth . 
  he also speaks russian btw, 
  germsny is cheaper in general , especially food . 
  i 'm dutch myself and who do you thinknis a better alternative, 
  dull and competent, 
  she makes me furious but i 'm not german, 
  he is like our current cabinet , dull but competent . 
  not that it would be any different if it eith cda or d66 in power but boring politics is good politics . 
  strangely fitting song : looptroop - these walls https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl8te2ienqc, 
  speed skating of course, 
  you 're just jealous because your squirrels are ugly little shits !, 
  history never repeats itself but people will be people . 
  i 'm liberal and while i hope things will be different , i do not think it really is different . 
  i 'm not sure about the technicalities but i 'm pretty sure that that situation would still be a reaaon for nato to intervere . 
  now i want to go to galicia ( spain ) !, 
  ah come on , you know you want the netherlands , denmark and austria . 
  buy a more convenient bag, 
  i do realize that it is easy for me to complain about this because i did n't grow up with it .
