  i do n't think he is bad but he is very career oriented and i think that is important to keep in mind . 
  he is the type of person that is wonderful if you have him on your team but terrible to have as an enemy . 
  i absolutely no idea if this is good or bad . 
  i took care of it ^ ^, 
  that guy would sells his grandmother if it would help his career . 
  he is basically the maxim verhagen of the pvda, 
  someone 's else their issues ? 
  around 210 eu citizens were killed by what is probably a russian intelligence officer . 
  you are right about that . 
  that is why i asked nicely . 
  if you would used them in a way that would have made sense then i would n't have asked you to clarify your post . 
  i did n't ask for simple language . 
  i asked for proper english and not german literally translated into english . 
  too wet :p, 
  i did recognize the picture :p, 
  it is from shoemaker but i needed to cheat :(, 
  i 'm envious that you guys are not the one of the 3 last western european country to legalize gay marriage . 
  try asking them about google, 
  the highest place here is 322 m, 
  the average wages are 3x higher here, 
  that is how loans work though . 
  it will probably be a small asteroid, 
  dutch is better , it is like german but without the cases . 
  learning a language is just something that does n't work very well with the `` test and forget '' way the whole school system is based on . 
  it is a waste of time without a lot of immersion and repetition, 
  this makes me extremely jealous, 
  they are and so are the danes and the fins . 
  i know the feeling :(, 
  5 '11 here and i am completely average . 
  pedantic mode on : that is a comet :p, 
  it would be impossible to smash an asteroid , that has the size to actually wipe out humanity , out of orbit, 
   the us want to rule the world , riiiiiiight , / r/conspiracy is this way m8 . 
   russia wo n't subject to anyone . 
  no they will just subject all their neighbours, 
  we got our crown back . 
  the dutch government was spying on its citizens before it was cool . 
  the dutch republic was anywhere near a democracy though, 
  stadtholder 's day !, 
  since when is being ruled by the danish winning ? 
  hahaha well clearly you did have to remind me :'d . 
  was n't this building ( see below ) , build in the shape of the device a saints was executed on ? 
  that sounds like something a religious fanatic would do . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_escorial you are probably right that our view of him is highly biased . 
  the 80 years war is basically our `` american revolution '' . 
  hahaha you beat me to it . 
  i guess that being dull , down to earth conformists can have its upsides :p, 
  `` republic '' all of the stadhouders were of house oranje-nassau, 
  not maurits ? 
  he had his political rival executed . 
  nope, 
  they feel entitled to be seen as a world power just like the soviet union was ; an equal of the us . 
  could you rephrase that last sentence please ? 
  i do n't want to misinterpret your post . 
  you can type it in german if you want . 
  ( i just wo n't respond in german because that will take forever ), 
   putin 's agenda is simple : to restore russia to her rightful place in the world , and geopolitics . 
  to restore russia to what he thinks is its rightful place . 
  we are the ones that have to deal with their delusions of grandeur . 
  like you said in your previous post :  russia has nothing to lose when it comes to talking to poland , thus there 's no leverage . 
  * russia would be royally fucked without germany , * which is the reason why eastern ukraine is n't part of the russian federation . 
  russia would be royally fucked without the eu , and that is exactly what i think we should do . 
  if he wants to see us as his enemies , then we should show him what that means * strictly economically speaking * . 
  simply stop trading . 
  i know that this is unlikely since we are depended on their gas but we should at least be working our asses of to get rid of that addiction . 
   so we can as well be actually bad and reap some profit so we must make sure that there will be no profit . 
  make them pay for what they are doing by using our economic powers . 
  the whole of the eu has a gdp of us$ 18.451 trillion and the usa of us$ 17,416 trillion in comparison to us$ 2,057 trillion of russia . 
  they do n't deserve the position they think they are entitled to . 
   it has been snubbed in the 00 's too often poor russia , they have been snubbed by the big bad us and now need to invade ukraine to feel better/s, 
   oh and the awkwardness when you are in the netherlands on vacation and your friends start to talk in german with everyone they meet . 
  ( bloody commas ), 
  greatest slav in history !, 
  eu popcorn supply is shrinking fast . 
  you mean speculaas , right ? 
  [ carice van houten ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/carice-van-houten.jpg/266px-carice-van-houten.jpg ) , she is currently in games of thrones with [ michiel huisman ] ( http://www.ilovefashionnews.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/michiel-huisman-chanel-640.jpg ), 
  that is very interesting , thank you . 
  i simply regurgitated what i read in that book , so you are probably right , 
  than explain why , during wwii , the 2 largest groups of resistance fighters were either communists or reformed calvinists . 
  i got this from geert mak hid book *** de eeuw van mijn vader ***, 
  yeah it is but germany seems very different at times . 
  maybe it because i expect you guys to be very similar . 
  [ obligatory prokofiev ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xydkezdlgtm ), 
  haha , i was about to post the same thing . 
  a miserable life :p , life should n't be fun . 
  calvinists are quite anti-authoritarian in a way lutherans ( well at least germans ) are not . 
  dutch society is way more egalitarian when it comes to authority . 
  when i was in high school we called our teacher by their first names and said the informal `` je '' instead of `` u '' . 
  and most people also call their boss by their first name and would say `` je '' . 
   better a good front charge rather than to get stuck at the bottom of a hole . 
  they tried that in wwi but the forces on both sides were too equally matched for this to work . 
  take that finland !, 
  dutch is good to curse in though and being romantic sounds a lot better in dutch than it does in german . 
  your name is on the sidebar just below the subscribe button . 
  then you click bewerken and you can choose your flag . 
  the germans did something even worse to the z , they pronounce it as an ts . 
  and they pronounce the s like a z. 
  and the \u00df sounds like an actual s, 
  in dutch all vowells are dipthongs !, 
  which one should i learn if i want to learn norwegian ? 
  it still sounds a 100 times better than quebecois french , that is almost as bad as swiss german .
