  oh i am not a historian as clarified in response to another post xd, 
  oh my bad !, 
  i 'm just regurgitating what i read in hugh kennedy 's book about the arab conquests, 
  not that bad of an idea imho . 
  the education on our colonial past is pretty bad . 
  justinian 's greatest mistake right here . 
  focusing on recapturing the west instead of beating the persians . 
  the war that the persians and byzantines ultimately fought left them vulnerable to the arab conquests which ended the persian empire and nearly ended the byzantine empire . 
  the germans were not impressed last time , 
  to be fair to wilders , he is at least competent and not a fucking dumbass, 
  they are too small to matter anyway, 
  euhm have you been reading the same news ? 
  it was the center leftwing mayor of rotterdam in combination with the center right wing prime minister that handled kicking out the turkish minister . 
  the problems with muslims in the netherlands are not as big as in france , belgium or germany and importantly , it is improving and is being taken seriously by everyone . 
  wilders on the other hand has barely any party program , ran away from government a couple of years ago and alienated his only potential allies , tried to avoid debates as a tactics , which failed btw . 
  wilders fucked up this election by expecting a win . 
  in the past wilders tended to poll higher than the amount of votes he actually got . 
  this in combination with our current pm 's roll in the turkey issue and wilders mediocre to bad performance in the debates does n't make it seem likely . 
  pathetic, 
  it hurts some feelings apparently but i feel like the dutch sense of patriotism does n't give . 
  shit about flags, 
  wilders is saying : `` even if you like it here , you can leave '', 
  the thing is that even if is only for pr reasons , it is still a thing the vast majority of people agree with . 
  from what i can tell from my very leftwing bubble is that the response of most people seems to sit between being amused and feeling that the government did the right thing . 
  what is this unpatriotic nonsense !? 
  money is our only relic !, 
  we should sell them stroopwafels , after that they can do with it what they want . 
  as a true dutch patriot i would have sold them out flag so they could burn it . 
  nothing more dutch than making money without regard for morals o7, 
  that is because they have all been painted in the same room . 
  girl reading a letter at an open window , officer with a laughing girl , woman holding a balance , woman with a pearl necklace etc etc etc. 
  they have even reconstructed what they think the room looked like . 
   always fascinated with some arab and turk mentality the people who are causing the most problems in the netherlands are north african berbers and not arabs, 
   it is interesting how 2nd nd 3rd generation of turks living in netherlands are still more turkish than dutch . 
  this is a common problem when it comes to integration and by no means unique . 
  the famous jazz clarinet player artie shaw talks about how he and his immigrant friends for small gangs and cause trouble . 
  he was born in new york city in 1910, 
  that is actually normal here . 
  two or three party coalitions being the norm and four being a bit much but nothing too crazy, 
  this wo n't help the pvv at all . 
  wilders thrives on being mad at the establishment and the establishment just fixed this problem . 
  he is probably pissed off about this, 
  people outside of london / s, 
  even though my cynicism tells me it was so the vvd will do better in the coming elections , even i can not help but being impressed . 
  iirc most names for mom and dad is the same across languages because they are easy sounds to make . 
  for the useless information of the day : omma ( eomma ) is mommy and appa is daddy . 
   wilders has n't been very outspoken on russia . 
  which is pretty suspicious when you think that they shot down a plane full of dutch people . 
  a huge tit , yes, 
  the proud `` nationalists '' of the pvv voted against that . 
  one of my friends collects antiques weapons and he said that everything related to wwii and especially wwii germany is worth about 5 times as much as similar pieces from a different time period . 
  so i guess there must be some truth in it . 
  ah they just link to `` medieval poc '' , which is an interesting but flawed blog . 
  ( and what they are doing has already been done ), 
  manafort ? 
  i know more about korean than japanese but i will try anyway . 
  japanese works in syllables and their syllables generally have a consonant and a vowel . 
  most of their words also end on a vowel . 
  so they are not used to putting multiple consonants in a row , which is why they add extra vowels . 
  another thing , the stereotypical accent is a stereotype for a reason , it is no different than making fun of french people not pronouncing the ` h ' in english or dutch people not knowing the difference between the ` th ' in ` three ' vs the one in ` the ' . 
  it is ne-deol-lan-deo , or if you speak dutch ne-dol-lan-doh, 
  dutch cuisine is awful . 
  i am dutch myself and like stamppot on occasion but it really is just too bland, 
  it is not about that . 
  the us is very turned to itself , in such a way that when people bash or use sweden as an example it is only for their own internal politics . 
  for a design by committee project it looks amazing . 
  gdi , being pedantic clearly misfired for me , 
  it is a 19th century palace , so not really old . 
  just basic neo-gothic stuff, 
  that is exactly what this, 
  you can just leave if you want . 
  maybe to russia or even serbia ? 
  true patriot who is paid by russians and israelis and wants to destroy the economy of his country . 
  to counter olwoof 's post . 
  i will post a video of what i think is arguably the best piece of classical music ever written . 
  movement 4 of his 41st symphony https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=six3z_for5k mozart uses counterpoint in a way that puts bach to shame imho and the video makes it easier to follow along with all the different voices . 
  you guys are n't even in the eu yet :'), 
  we can keep our cultures and differences but form a unified front towards the rest of the world, 
  depressing is n't it , but the american media dominance is clearly the cause of this . 
  christian alien robot is not a bad metaphor for the eu, 
  that is not how they build gothic churches in the 13th and 14th century , at least not according to my architecture history professor . 
   no way could this of been medieval block/brickwork skill this palace is from the 19th century but do n't underestimate the skill of medieval masons . 
  just look at the french cathedrals , which were build from experience and not through careful calculations . 
  the alt right are just a bunch if losers turned fifth column . 
  they would n't recognise patriotism if it hit them in the face, 
  medway the best way, 
  we should invade the uk again . 
   hang on , when did they have a refferendum on this ? 
  we do n't have a direct democracy bud . 
  again ? 
  i mean , i 'm pretty sure that the us still leads the world even though trump is doing his best to change that . 
   for instance , f you think cooking is for women , you 're sexist . 
  no woman is going to take my cooking away from me . 
  i just had an exam about it a few weeks ago and i ca n't agree more, 
  borromini died too seen though . 
  i think you can get mecklenburg-vorpommerm back if you ask nicely . 
  it is not as if there is anything there, 
   and at least one hamster see battle boo ?!, 
  run boo , run !, 
  amen to this piece .
