  we do n't need a huge military build . 
  the military of the countries of the eu is big enough to destroy the russians even without the help of the usa, 
  german politicians are acting like weak cowards again that are only interested in their own careers . 
  nothing new here, 
  history never repeats itself . 
  i know but it is important to realize that it is n't the fault of the west . 
  it is their bull shit propaganda, 
  the only people who have humiliated russia are the oligarchs who plunder the economy and the complacent people who are supporting them . 
  we do n't need military threats , we need sanctions , but german politicians are too afraid to do anything that might harm their holy economy . 
  merkel has shown time and time again that her political career is more important to her than actually solving problems . 
  numbers do n't really matter that much these days . 
  nato will have air superiority and that will decimate any ground invasion, 
  haha my thoughts exactly, 
  i meant the autobahn in germany . 
  i live in the netherlands and i worded my point very poorly . 
  no problem , it was a really crappy sentence that i had written, 
  they do n't have streetlights everywhere on the autobahn in germany , they do have them in the netherlands . 
  it suxks but driving on the autobahn without streetlights also sucks, 
  yup i checked with a pair of binoculars, 
  bloody helicopters flew over my house all day on monday, 
  where is the netherlands ? 
  there is no reason for us to believe in any conspiracy theories about our government because everybody knows already how much our government spies on us ( a lot ), 
  this might actually get his party banned . 
  yay d66 !, 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure the vvd is n't stupid enough to work with then a second time . 
  i 'm a big fan of verhofstadt and i 'm afraid to watch that video :'), 
  we basically loan it and then loan it to them . 
  putin 's position is not as strong as it seems . 
  he did n't succeed in provoking the ukrainian army and now he is diplomatically in a bad position . 
  he knows that when it will come to sanctions that he will lose . 
  it will suck for europe but it would n't be a disaster for us . 
  lot of whataboutisms . 
  good point . 
  what i make of this so far is that they only take crimea and are likely to get away with it because the eu ( wisely ) does n't want to risk their economic stability . 
  chamberlain would have been proud, 
  there is press all around that place . 
  i doubt it . 
  it is actually quite in the ukrainians favour . 
  it will leave without a doubt who the real aggressors are . 
  the russians tried very hard to provoke the ukrainians but they failed . 
  china agrees with russia according to russia, 
  why are so many people talking about russia like it is some kind of global super power . 
  it 's economy is smaller than that of italy . 
  the only reason they are able to do this is because of nukes and we ( nato ) have those as well . 
  russia would be obliterated in a conventional war . 
  china is not siding with russia . 
  china is simply going to watch the events unfold and do what is in their own interests . 
  i 'm getting a deja vu from the 2008 crisis * sigh *, 
  having no gas sucks but having no money is worse . 
  whataboutism strikes again !, 
  i think you are turning it around . 
  the us is a force for democratic value unless it is in conflict with their strategic/business interests . 
  the german government being spineless only makes things worse . 
  i 'm really ca n't read the news right now without getting extremely angry . 
  it would be incredibly dumb if they would attack . 
  i was n't saying you implied . 
  apologies if i did, 
  the outcome will have already been to decided if it comes to a conventional war . 
  it is very unlikely that russia can defeat the combined armies of the european nations even without the usa . 
  this is n't the cold war anymore . 
  obama has basically threatened to use every measure available short of war and putin still did n't back down . 
  i guess he will have to act on his threats, 
  why not ? 
  putin has said multiple times that he saw the fall of the ussr as one of russias greatest tragedies . 
  people saw his imperialist rhetoric just as propoganda but the situation in ukraine certainly disproves that . 
  i think the eu should cut off russian gas and oil . 
  sure it would suck and it will be a huge problem but it will devastate the russian economy . 
  oh sorry i misread i think, 
  i got that number of 60 % from an article on the guardian site i think . 
  still 12,5 % is big enough to hurt a lot . 
  plus the radicalization of tartar muslims . 
  or the eu realizes the 60 % of the income of russian government comes from gas and will start to get other sources for gas because they wo n't need it as much because it 's almost spring, 
  and accepting that russia is annexing another country is harmless ? 
  having the hypothetically most wealthy nation ( eu ) as your potential ally would be enouh of a deterrent for anyone who wants to annex part of your country, 
  another dumb question from me today : what if the usa/eu actually stationed troops in ukraine as a preventative measure ? 
  i just read that as well and the police is already `` casually guarding the building '' . 
  let me clarify my idea which might be totally far fetched and naive . 
  what if those armed people were approached by a unarmed police force and asked to clarify their actions / leave the airports . 
  it 's not like they are very trigger happy . 
  insulting my intelligence is not adding weight to your arguments . 
  i realize that my argument is far fetched but you could have just said that in a civilized manner . 
  i mean something as expanding this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_missile_defence_system or things similar to that . 
  economic sanctions ? 
  the goal is not to arrest them but to provoke them . 
  it might give nato more incentive to projects such as http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_missile_defence_system, 
  i know but that 's the whole point . 
  if they would use violence they would have a legitimate claim that they are being invaded, 
  and that 's why we need to have european integration . 
  i wonder if they would be so eager to try and mess with a united europe . 
  thanks !, 
  they do n't need to panic because they are members of nato , but i expect that they wo n't accept this annexation . 
  i do n't have a clue what will happen but something will . 
  this might be a dumb question but why do n't they just send in the police to arrest them ( without force ) ? 
  i would n't be so sure that country 's like poland and the baltic state would simply accept the annexation of ukraine . 
  i 'm very pro europe but it simply is a bureaucratic mess . 
  downvotes incoming by people who need to see things in black and white . 
  sort of, 
  completely true , that has treated the middle east as their bitch since the fall of the ottoman empire and now they are suprised that the people there hate their guts . 
  i do like german a lot but it just seems overly complicated sometimes, 
  dutch is n't that easy to learn but at least it 's still easier than german .
