  [ relevant zoot sims and al cohn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw2eekqoo68 ), 
  the squirrel takes his matchbox and delivers his beef-labellings-guard-assignment-transfer-regulation-anniversary-duty and sets it on fire . 
  ( or something ? ), 
  a dog died :(, 
  i 'm 28, 
  are you from western turkey ? 
   it 's literally just bits and pieces of english , german , and scandinavian stuffed together . 
  so it is just like any other language ? 
  i have n't been to london soni ca n't comment on that but i really liked the van gogh museum myself . 
  the building is a bit awkward so i can understand why it would work better in a different location , but the art itself is what matters to me the most . 
  we ruled the seas in the 17th century not the 19th, 
  it is ugly as shit, 
  i agree for the most part except about the buildings and the musea . 
   the museums are shit i guess you have n't been to the rijksmuseum , van gogh museum or het stedelijk museum ? 
  teach me how to deal with people like this !, 
  netherlands in the 19th century sucked ass though . 
   / r/european is a containment board . 
  it is not really good at keeping it contained, 
  it is better than the dozens of responses by accounts less than a week old . 
  you are either colourblind or you overlooked bask , arabic , turkish , frisian and latvian/lithuanian . 
  they are all there . 
  you 're right !, 
  yes because germany did n't exist until 1870 . 
  it was part of the holy roman empire, 
  which was german . 
  oh wait haha , i 've actually seen this . 
  i will neither confirm nor deny that i was crying at the end . 
  only the dark blue bit is different between england and the netherlands, 
  you do n't have to tell me who vincent van gogh is :') . 
  i just suspected that a monet painting would be worth more . 
  i am not surprised that the netherlands and england are so similar . 
  thailand and japan should n't be coloured in , otherwise it is correct :p, 
  mozart was german !, 
  i still need to learn the states of the us . 
  the fact that a lot of the states are rectangles is what makes it harder because i normally learn the countries by shape :(, 
  it surprises me that the van gogh ( netherlands ) is worth more than the monet ( france ) . 
  also no caspar david friedrich for germany ? 
  i guess the most expensive paintings are not being sold . 
  rembrandt 's night watch is ensured for half a billion euros at the moment . 
  they will . 
  klimt is no joke . 
  munch ? 
   you either have some form of representative democracy or you have a form of direct . 
  why ? 
  you can just create your own subreddit and leave if you disagree, 
  a lot of ( dutch ) responses in this thread is exemplary of the dutch attitude towards this issue : i.e. 
  trying very hard to pretend that it was a `` disaster '' to avoid popping the safe little bubble people live in . 
  it was murder either committed by or supported by russian troops . 
  i 'm pretty sure we make fun of you guys more than we do of the germans . 
  they could stop calling it a disaster and administration that it was shot down . 
  they have been totally lacklustre in showing any type of resolve regarding this issue . 
  sure they went all sad and shit but they are to scared to lose some precious business to really take a stance . 
  red dye was cheaper and we got conquered by france :(, 
  it will only force the vvd to do that though and it is up for discussion if that is a good thing or not :p, 
  what about otto ? 
  to this one of course : http://digilander.libero.it/shinano/battaglienavali/barfleur/450px-prinsenvlag.svg.png, 
  it took me an embarrassing long time to find the swastika, 
  do n't you mean this one : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/e/e9/20090824080203!flag_of_the_kingdom_of_france.png, 
  too bad no one will form a coalition with them xd, 
  i love you too, 
  we know that by now . 
  you really do n't have to repeat that every time it comes up, 
  you are not supposed to it eat it , 
  i think that it is safer to say that the average redditor has trouble getting the good-looking girls :p, 
  yes , i thought that was the record :d, 
  i want some too !, 
  yeah , i noticed that as well . 
  how do you survive 85 days of rain without going crazy ? 
  it is so annoying on an overcast night . 
  haha , my pedantic attitude has come to bite me in the ass . 
  that is insane : s, 
  we already have a housing bubble . 
  or she just fell asleep . 
  i 've seen tristan und isolde and 4,5 hours is too fucking long for an opera . 
  is n't naturalism a period in literature ? 
   i 'm going to greatly enjoy it when the resurgent nation-states of europe ride the eu because it worked out so well last time coughworldwaricough, 
  business as usual . 
  which is not really re-assuring if you think about it :p, 
  the reconquista of the iberian linx, 
  they are punishing us because they shot down a plane ... 
  it is doable but overtaking would kind of annoying . 
  long live the poldermodel, 
  no , i just value my self-worth and because of that i mostly have an attitude of `` her loss '' towards cheating . 
  i think it is unfair to question my emotional investment in a relationship . 
  the uk has a great catalogue though . 
  better than the us one imho . 
   cheating is amongst the most despicable things people do imo i 've been cheated on before and it was n't the end of the world . 
  it sucks but some people are really overly dramatic when it comes to infidelity . 
  i really loved that movie . 
  i saw it in my local art house movie theater just last week . 
  only because the french threatened us :(, 
  not again, 
  deal !, 
  thank you !, 
  cheese is no laughing matter my friend . 
  this is personal :p, 
   dutch  english  italian  french cheese . 
  could you recommend me some great portuguese writers other than fernando pessoa ? 
  these are all great . 
  goddamnit this thread makes me want to visit portugal so bad .
