  i know :p we prevented it by annexing it . 
  haha you are right . 
  i think that the image of the uk being the us their dog is very cliche but the comic itself is good enough so that it is funny again imho . 
  when did old prussian went/go ( ? ), 
  extinct ? 
  i had one right because of the context xd, 
  that only seems that way . 
  euiv is just a slightly more complicated version of risk . 
   like it always should have been . 
  or both to france xd, 
   the netherlands took parts of zealand . 
  what you meant to say is that we prevented a piece of belgium to become independent . 
  look you are even leading them with a leash !, 
  so when are you going to invade french to get savoy back ? 
  that was really hard :p . i got west-frisian , german , danish , english , dutch and afrikaans, 
  they cheated on us as well . 
  they have an english website :') http://wwww.socialdemokraterne.dk/a-english+version-our-values-default.aspx?site=english&amp;func=article.view&amp;menuaction=select&amp;menuid=736574&amp;topmenuid=736541&amp;id=736568, 
  the ability to be able structure such a long piece is something that can be taught and the students will get graded for it . 
  i ca n't imagine that you can pass such an exam with meandering argumentation or pointless verbosity, 
  that was the best king we ever had !, 
  come on , it was n't that bad and the last hitchhikers book was n't that good . 
  do n't you dare to try and take that away from us !, 
  do n't forget about 1688 !, 
  it was mentioned in the wiki article but i was too lazy to type it out , haha . 
  thank you for the clarification though . 
  the as in the is more like a d and the one in three has something of an s in them . 
  you blow air in between your lips and tongue while saying the last one . 
  here is a video to explain it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ivtdjixrw0 edit : i thought you were italian at first ( did n't look careful enough ) so it might just be your accent, 
  okay , i looked it up and the \u00d0 / eth ( the name of that letter ) is only used in the middle of words and is pronounced as th , like in the ( voiced ) . 
  ( according to the wiki ) and \u00fe / thorne is pronounced as the th in thick and three . 
  ( unvoiced ), 
  okay , i looked it up and the \u00d0 / eth ( the name of that letter ) is only used in the middle of words and is pronounced as th , like in the . 
  ( according to the wiki ) and \u00fe / thorne is pronounced as the th in thick and three . 
  that letter is also a th sound . 
  i have no idea who that is, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/ancient_sasanid_cataphract_uther_oxford_2003_06_2%281%29.jpg ), 
  this looks more complicated than it really is . 
  i was only pointing out that if you would make an image like this : http://www.easypacelearning.com/images/verbtenses.jpg for dutch or german that you scrap the continuous and the present continuous . 
  i 'm not trying to dismiss the trouble you had with it . 
  learning a language is hard and i respect you for trying . 
  i think that you are right ^ ^, 
  this is nitpicking of course but it will translate more to i will walk home . 
  walking implies that you are doing it at the moment you are describing while `` ik zal naar huis lopen '' leaves that open . 
  if you try to say that in dutch it becomes a very awkward sentence . 
  you would change it to `` dan ben ik onderweg naar huis '' then i will be on my way home . 
  yes but we do n't have crazy things like : '' i will have been being '' or things like that . 
  of course we can express that sentence but we do n't have that tense . 
  in dutch you only have simple present/past , present/past perfect and the future tenses . 
  we do n't have the continuous tense and neither does german . 
  this is the least aggressive fight i 've ever seen, 
   i think it 's good because we have such a beautiful language your language is adorable . 
  it almost makes me want to learn it . 
  english is just close enough to make it easy and not too close that it is mostly confusing ( german ), 
   fancy-schmancy marketing people marketing people have all sold their soul to satan . 
   rules for tenses are simple compared to other languages i 've seen . 
  english tenses are harder than the dutch and german ones . 
  til the turkishs laugh are the same as the dutch laughs, 
  hihi is also used . 
  there were plenty of native converts and they were expelled as well . 
  british english is easy . 
  you just leave out the r at the end of words . 
  it is so annoying . 
  i like british english better but i feel like a pretentious asshole whenever i try to speak that way . 
  i would call that a good start :p, 
  well at least they are making it easy for the intelligence agencies . 
  i found the monarchist !, 
  why is n't frisian recognized anyway ? 
  i kiss or hug my female friends and my female friends kiss or hug each other, 
   napoleon and bismark used the state to create suffering on a much wider scale for equally pointless goals ( national glory ) . 
  napoleon also laid the basis for liberal constitutions in a lot of countries . 
  not because then we are finally relevant in europe . 
  together < 3, 
  our tap water is of a higher quality than the bottled water . 
   western people are reluctant to discuss politics with strangers , because it 's impolite . 
  in the netherlands it is not really impolite . 
  it is a taboo in germany though . 
  signed, 
  it is the vicky 2 masterrace clearly . 
  colonial oppression and it is more complicated :p ( it is easier though ), 
  that would be so awesome, 
  amen !, 
  i agree with you . 
  i have some sympathy with the people who are reacting negatively to americans on this subreddit because reddit , being an american site , can show a very one-sided view on things . 
  but that is not reason to be a dick to people here . 
   that checks out , new yaris is listed at 11 990 euros on toyota.de  the cheapest one probably . 
  but why would you put a rent cap above the equilibrium price ? 
  it would be a bit useless then, 
  i am an idiot, 
  haha , that was dumb, 
  how useful is this map ? 
  do you also have one with christians ? 
  i suspect the whole world would be ~ ~ red ~ ~ in that case . 
  edit because i am an idiot . 
  is this the new genocide olympics ? 
   it 's the region , clay of superior quality . 
  it is absolute shit to build on though . 
  subsidence ( i think it is called ) is a serious pain in the ass when it comes to building roads and people need to drive concrete piles in the ground before constructing any buildings here . 
  it was ? 
  i 'm not sure of the specifics but a lot of fluvial ( wind ) deposits in the south of the netherlands are from this region .
