  ah well we only have old white guys . 
  not exactly a minority, 
  libya is far from stable but i agree with the rest . 
  everything above a hundred meters is an abomination that should be destroyed . 
  historians would argue otherwise , but there are just jealous because they are bad at naming things . 
  the netherlands one is wrong , moroccans are the largest group and germans are the second largest group, 
  there were even some problems that the militias did n't want to leave their home state :p . 
  business is business mate . 
  the uk is even worse . 
  just do n't use them to invade countries . 
  the reason that the usa did terrible in the initial phase of the war of 1812 was the unreliability of militias . 
  you guys started kicking ass when you realized you needed a modern army . 
  dumbledore 's army, 
   sprint to the hague and hope i can still catch the kings ' plane to london along with the cabinet . 
  dude , you are missing a golden business opportunity . 
  sell them stroopwafels , clogs and cheese !, 
   sometimes i wonder if some get paid to spread anti-russian propaganda . 
  i would gladly accept money for doing something i would be doing anyway !, 
  where is neelie kroes when you need her ? 
  i 'm not arguing that there against that people think badly about the ottomans . 
  i 'm arguing against the statement that they were somehow extraordinarily evil . 
  imperialism has often gone hand in hand with violence and oppression and the ottomans were certainly no angels but neither were the romans , british , carolingians , mongols etc. 
  that is because they were not heretics in their eyes :p . copts and nestorians were persecuted . 
  also the byzantine empire ended over 500 years ago so they are probably looking at it with rose-tinted glasses . 
  you are also making generalising statements about the abbasids , rashiduns and umayyads lumped in with the ottomans , which are at least over 400 years apart and were of a different culture ( arab vs turkish ) . 
  that is like making generalising statements about charles v and adolf hitler . 
  it was a good career opportunity for a poor non-muslim . 
  being a serf in europe was n't that great either . 
  the byzantines actively persecuted monophysites , that is why a lot of them preferred to pay more tax over getting killed . 
  those empires were quite normal with regards to oppression etc. 
  it is stupid to romanticise them and it is also stupid to use them as an example to prove that islam is evil . 
  why did they refuse them ? 
  we ca n't rebuild the roman empire without north africa for fuck 's sake, 
  maybe , just maybe it is time to take a long hard kook at yourself if your former allies and countries that used to be neutral are joining an alliance that was founded to oppose your country . 
  yes, 
  because of bad diplomacy . 
  the dutch , danish and finnish governments would love to side with the uk and reform and ton of stuff , but the way the uk is handling it only alienates their potential `` allies '', 
  using weed is not that socially accepted and visiting a prostitute is really not socially accepted . 
  people would think you are a creep/a loser for visiting a prostitute . 
  international communism sure has, 
  the war that was strongly influenced by the creation of nation states all over europe was not caused by nationalism ? 
  sure ... 
  nationalism has been turned into a bad word by the first world war . 
  haha aww . 
  this comment was even more lovely < 3, 
  i would like to point out that it was identical to yours , what that says about your comment i will leave up to you , 
  it is not the vowels that are the problem when it comes to spelling , it is the consonants . 
  i thought it was that your grandparents are born here, 
  you are correct, 
  bruno was killed because he said heretical things not because for his scientific thoughts . 
  which is still bad of course, 
  now i want a latte, 
  well they created cows that looks like them . 
  well crack down on that show stuff then . 
  prosecute the people that visit brothels that do n't have a permit . 
  there are options but it will costs money of course . 
  government run brothels should be the solution or way more government control and regulation . 
  we are hot , though . 
  you mean attempt 2 ? 
  i must admit that i am not a 100 % sure anymore :p but according the the malinois wiki page the german police uses them . 
  it is really hard to judge by the picture , they look a lot alike and a german shepherd just have longer hair i think . 
  the us police even use dutch commands , it is quite funny . 
  that is a malinois which is a begian shepherd and is a breed that is used by customs , the police and the army . 
  it is not a german sherpherd, 
  the baltics are n't even slavic : s, 
  it is depressing , is n't it ? 
  referenda are a joke if people are unwilling to inform themselves or are just asking for one to make a gesture . 
  amen, 
  i thought it was an battle hymn against the austrians . 
  if the uk leaves the eu there is a 2 year period to sort out all the legal stuff , if that is n't sorted out then all the treaties with regards to the eu will be terminated at the end of those 2 years , including free travel in the eu for uk citizens and the free trade agreement . 
  so they basically have 2 years to get a new treaty but every eu country can veto that new treaty . 
  i agree , but it is also a statement that might bite you in the ass . 
  btw i am very pro eu myself but i can understand that the uk and the eu might not be that great for each other . 
  i am mostly just interested in this topic btw . 
  btw all of this aside , the thing i would do as the leave-campaign would be to suck up to ireland as much as possible . 
  i had to write a short paper on the risks/benefits of leaving and you guys do n't want to piss off ireland since they can veto a new trade agreement . 
  ( i live in the netherlands and there is no way our government will oppose a trade agreement ) the success of the uk outside of the eu is really dependant on how well you guys will be able to promote yourself internationally . 
  there is the opportunity for growth but if your government fucks that up than it could hurt the uk a lot . 
  what are your thoughts on this may i ask ? 
  there is one crucial argument against the leave campaign though : no one knows what is going to happen en investors generally do n't like that . 
  it might work out fine , but you are taking a big risk . 
  american nukes do n't need them either . 
  as if we ever seriously have any lack of water , 
  it will be over before christmas !, 
  do i need to remind you that you lost the 100 years war ? 
  the imperial flag looks much better imho . 
  we should have kept the orange , white and blue, 
  that is why we , europe , need to be independent from russian resources asap and then just cut all trade . 
  if they want to play 17th-18th century politics then that is fine but they should do so without access to our market or without travel between countries . 
  just let them rot in their own delusion of grandeur . 
  some of my friends who worked in tourism related stuff said that a lot of french people were also very happy if you talked to them in french , while germans just expected people to speak german . 
  french tourist have quite a good reputation here . 
  this is really sensationalised . 
  it was one team leader who tried to do this and the politicians and bureaucrats at the council of amsterdam have said he is not in the position to ask that of people ; hell , they thought it was a joke at first . 
  that righteousness did n't protect you from french cannons :p, 
  because trying to conquer territory in france went so wel last time :p, 
  it is because drugs are n't legalised :(, 
  yes , but then we can just ignore them, 
  that is why i am for a brexit !, 
  okay , i will settle for just as good .
