  as a proud statist , i am happy to see these people this angry edit : getting downvoted by filthy anarchists  :(, 
  hahah , oh god those youtube comments . 
  is a genocide okay as well ? 
  they still committed plenty of atrocities on the eastern front . 
   most germans do not really want the country to be in a position of ( political ) power as a result . 
  i think most of us would prefer to hang back a little in that regard . 
  unfortunately not really possible since having a strong economy always brings political power with it . 
  that is my main frustration with germany at the moment . 
  i know that it is unfair for me to judge that attitude so harshly but i think that a politically stronger germany would be good for europe . 
  the one with the zip ties around his feet is the cop ? 
  you took the fucking jam out my doughnuts tommy . 
  you did . 
  he looks stereotypically german, 
   exactly . 
  humans behave unscientifically , hence all this is semi-science because whatever you take with humans is not really reproducible . 
  i do n't know about economics though but if you are studying history they make it very clear that their conclusion are not facts but an interpretation of a written source . 
  haha good point , but i also think that economists do n't see their models the same way physicists do . 
  it is also a severe simplification of reality and more like predicting the weather than figure out orbits . 
  / r/badeconomics, 
   if it was science it would predict all the shit that happened . 
  getting humans involved makes things infinitely more messy than anything the natural sciences deal with , so this is an unfair comparison . 
   it 's macro , and the problem is we can not research without experiments , and experimenting on people is illegall . 
  there is plenty of experimenting done on people . 
  from medical to psychological experiments, 
  do we ? 
  i mean , frisian sounds better than gronings . 
   sowing terror amongst the weak poor tourists, 
   in the tri-border area the germans and the dutch sound very much alike when they talk dialect ( or dialectish ) . 
  actually , despite being from different language areas they can understand each other when they talk dialect . 
  and no one else can . 
  and why does the eastern part of the country speak german : s, 
  whoops sorry, 
  speaking is not the same as being arabic . 
  german is like that for me . 
  most parliaments are like that i assume . 
  even in the netherlands they pound on their tables if they like a speech . 
  i 'm a liberal democrat and an europhile ; that probably explains it :'d, 
   the greek crisis has been one the purist smear campaigns that i can remember . 
  that is partly true but you should n't ignore a lot of the grievances that us northern europeans have . 
  instead of going on a charm offensive the current greek government made it seem like they were really trying to alienate everyone . 
  syriza certainly worked hard to alienate everyone . 
  i wonder why he came up with the brilliant idea to alienate everyone . 
   if dijsselbloem is petty enough to let personal dislikes influence his politics he should just resign , and i 'm dutch myself . 
  you realize that we are putting a lot of money on the line by helping them ? 
  why should we help them if they treat us like shit and use the first chance they get to meet with the russian , who possibly have killed 300 dutch citizens . 
  it is tsipras and syriza who should be more diplomatic . 
  what does a dutch identity/culture mean to you ? 
  i sort of agree but we i doubt that we can even agree on what is dutch and what is not . 
  everyone who thinks that nationalism is bad gets downvoted to oblivion ... 
   belgium 's infrastructure is among the best in europe and the world according to the world bank . 
  it 's just not well maintained the only reason the roads in the netherlands are so well maintained is that otherwise they would be completely useless after a few years :') . 
  because their whole economy would basically collapse . 
  you guys are a bit mweh when it comes to classical music if you compare it to austria , germany or france, 
  like debussy , monet , manet , renoir , matisse , ravel , faure , degas , boulanger , saint saens ? 
  i looked at the map and they are not in the same position . 
  i 'm confused . 
  happy since the only person i knew who legally owned a gun ( that was n't a cop ) [ killed 6 people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alphen_aan_den_rijn_shopping_mall_shooting ), 
  ssssh , do n't tell them, 
  yeah , if only government spending worked like that :'), 
  i want it for the sake of completeness mostly . 
  we lost belgium the last time :(, 
  you get rid of erdogan and you can join us , we both win !, 
  is n't it comparable to the unifications of germany and italy ? 
   germany and france would love some beach property . 
  i doubt they would want greek beaches , since you ca n't dig holes in them ,, 
  the grand duke of luxembourg still has some power . 
  poor guy, 
  not until it is run by an austrian ? 
  amen, 
  busted :p, 
  but i assume that you have ac or really thick walls . 
  i am melting here :(, 
  i do n't know , but i am happy that you are happy !, 
  yesterday was the hottest 1st of july since 1901 over here :(, 
  do you have ac or a properly insulated house ? 
  we are only behind switzerland , norway and luxembourg . 
  the fact that your house prices manage to shock me , a dutch person , should say enough . 
  houses are already ridiculously overpriced here . 
  here is a great video why it is so expensive : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcbjwgj3jbk, 
  yeah but they got a new leader and everything is fine now . 
  i doubt they even know the meaning of that word , 
  social democrats are the ones that are failing . 
  the liberal democrats and the greens are not , at least not here in the netherlands . 
  you are an inspiration to us all . 
  i 'm crying after reading this thread :'d, 
   all they ask is to surveil you , while you are doing your freedom . 
  germans would never do that of course :'d, 
  haha , in the netherlands there is at least 50 m of soil before hitting bedrock and probably a lot more . 
  maybe you are just not that smart ? 
  make the dinosaur joke does . 
  people that have gender dysphoria often have the symptoms from a very early age . 
  people should be helping them with this difficult transition kids like this have it hard enough and there is no reason to be dick about . 
  besides it is only his gender on his passport . 
  there is a good reason they use meds to delay puberty and wait with surgery . 
  we do n't need to determine that you want to be a bigot because you already display all the characteristics . 
  it is also not included in the maximum price for rent subsidies, 
  710 not considering electricity and water, 
  it is a good that history = money in a lot of places . 
  historical sites bring in a lot if tourist dollars/pounds/yen, 
   i think he meant zeeuws-vlaanderen .
