  they have made it clear that they see us as their enemies and we should treat them as such . 
  it is in turn the average voter 's fault that they wo n't allow politicians to make mistakes . 
  we expect way too much and politicians promise too much ( or else they wo n't get elected ) . 
  we need a realistic outlook on politics . 
  the overall trust in democracy is pretty high in the netherlands . 
  sure it does n't work perfectly but i think that people expect too much from their governments . 
  the problem is that if you get a bad leader you just get rid of it . 
   the delta-works were a mistake , the netherlands should just be given up eventually . 
  nice try to make antwerpen the biggest port in europe, 
  i completely get your the point that you are making , but a lot of these things can also be said about the bible . 
  did n't god destroy sodom and gomorra in the old testament because those cities were sinful ? 
  i just think that islam is not any more evil than christianity or juda\u00efsm and we should allow people here in europe to follow these religions , but we should demand from all religions/religious people that they should follow our laws . 
  it is fucking absurd that people like salman rushdie ( probably my favorite author ) has to fear for his life because he dared to write a book that draws a lot of parallels/allusions from the koran . 
  source please, 
  no we should take see the guy that got nailed to a tree as an example instead of the guy that founded the biggest empire up until that point . 
   like it or not , isis is doing what muhammed did . 
  like genocide and mass rape ? 
  the link you posted is being disputed by the lack of sources btw . 
  i am not saying that muhammed was the nicest person around but he was n't particularly cruel for the time period . 
  i know what muhammed did . 
  the point is there is more nuance to it than you imply . 
  i could easily start listing the crusades , reconquista , baltic crusades , 30 years war and balkan wars as evidence that christianity is a violent religion, 
  take a bloody history lesson before spouting your nonsense . 
  it took hundreds of years before there was a muslim majority in many of the countries they conquered . 
  if they imposed it like you claim then that would have happened a lot earlier . 
  the problem with your original statement is that we can not conceive what would have happened if the us did n't exist . 
  if america did n't exist , does that mean that thr current territory would have still belonged to the uk ? 
  kill everyone , no people no corruption !, 
  flawless logic, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_the_ottoman_empire http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_the_ottoman_empire, 
  only if you get us a king as awesome as louis bonaparte, 
  haha it was just a joke mate ^ ^ . 
  i completely agree with you that monarchies are outdated, 
  such as yourself ? 
   it seems that the theme through all the pictures is of the equipment of an ordinary infantry soldier , so you can see the change in equipment over time of the same role . 
  i had n't thought about it in that way , thank you ^ ^  also i suppose that they chose the equipment of the local `` english '' soldier rather than the invading normans . 
  yes i realized that after typing this and edited it . 
  i was just slightly surprised because the equipment ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) from 1066 seems a little dated . 
  thank you !, 
  it is slightly weird that they chose a huscarl for 1066 because it was the mounted knights that were a decisive factor in the victory and `` modern '' at the time . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot and should have realized that it was the gear of english soldiers so no frenchies, 
  it is not as exciting as i thought it would be . 
  sfw : http://youtu.be/relnqubvfeq, 
  we were talking about gibraltar were n't we ? 
  :p  i know you guys are n't familiar with the spanish weather outside the touristic areas ( the mediterranean coast and the islands ) but it can be quite cold and snowy in winter in the interior of the peninsula and in all the mountains ranges . 
  that 's not a tropical or subtropical weather . 
  i know but the climate maps are very generalizing anyway . 
  i do n't even know if spain has the general `` mediterranean climate '', 
  from wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subtropics#/media/file:subtropical.png http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subtropics, 
  subtropical is still tropical ^ ^ or ^ ^ something, 
  haha , i actually considered posting a-fucking-women but i thought i was trying to hard if i did that :p, 
  amen , it is really just a matter of confirmation bias that forms this opinion in people, 
   my biggest pet peeve with the social justice crowd is their inability to see things from outside a americancentric perspective . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/et_tu,_brute%3f ), 
  russia always claim they are the third rome . 
  greece demands ? 
  i would make more sense if iran demanded it . 
  iran could also demand money from saudi arabia then btw . 
  already corrected it, 
  i honestly did n't know , my apologies, 
  soon ! \u2122, 
  i meant that she will rarely take any risks . 
  or so it seems to me anyway, 
  but they caused the flooding ! / s i 'm pretty sure we have idiots like that here as well . 
  so it is just merkel being merkel :(, 
  i get the impression that a lot of islamic law is a sort of compromise between almost a jewish/christian view of women and marriage and traditional arab customs . 
  a lot of the things mentioned in the koran were an improvement for women . 
  i do n't know how much it actually happens . 
  traditional islamic law allows polygamy but there are certain rules . 
  yeah , i thought so . 
  most political parties support it , right ? 
  she did ? 
  wtf !? 
  if a politician from a mainstream political party ( including the dutch version of the cdu ) would have said such a thing they would have ruined their career instantly . 
  thailand/europe :p, 
  i find it very disappointing that germany is one of the last western european countries to legalize gay marriage . 
  thanks to the cdu, 
  your brother sounds like an insecure asshole . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  no , why do you ask ? 
  it is embarrassing that only france supports the uk out of all the eu countries, 
  not that much in comparison to other countries, 
  the netherlands is the first country to allow ~ ~ civil union for gay people in 1998 and ~ ~ gay marriage in 2001 . 
  i think that the situation has improved a lot since i was in high school 10 years ago but i think someone who is actually gay should answer what it is like in everyday life . 
  edit : i was wrong and denmark was the first with a civil union for gay people in 89, 
  it still does , birds are everywhere :p, 
  they never settled there , anatolia was inhabited by greeks for hundreds of years . 
   it 's not like the 500k + / - oghuz turks that came to anatolia somehow bred faster than the millions of greeks and armenians already living in anatolia right ? 
  this is something i always suspected but never really looked for any studies in those areas . 
  most successful conquests ( especially in the first millennium ) were accomplished by armies around 20k troops . 
  i do n't know the numbers about the seljuks but both the germanic invasion of the roman empire and the foundation of the rashidun caliphate really had more than 30k troops . 
  that is nowhere near enough to replace all people . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  with that logic anatolia should belong to greece, 
  it let 's you see unread posts in threads and you get a notification if your name is mentioned . 
  as someone who is actually quite a fan of feminist frequency ( i am fully aware of its flaws so please let 's not get into that ) , he really annoys me . 
  he seems like a mocking stereotype of all liberal/progressive people . 
  his self-righteousness makes me want to vomit . 
  amen , i am reading this and do n't know if i should laugh or should be concerned . 
  he screwed over cohen quite badly by leaking internal messages to the press .
