  thank you !, 
  this is fantastic ^ ^, 
  without learning our language, 
  okay i really did n't have a clue so thanks !, 
  hahah touch\u00e9 that was quite good . 
  hahahahhaha ukip , please my sides . 
  of course all euro federalists are gay sluts who make god so angry that he floods the uk . 
  whats even more hilarious is that he is bitching about big banks when the uk government is always doing it 's best to bend over for the city . 
  aww look the little puppy is butt hurt . 
  it must be so hard , being oppressed by those `` eurofacists '' everyday . 
  instead of launching your ad homonym attacks and rants about the eu you could have used your time more efficiently and actually try to make a coherent reply to my post . 
  why should we hold a referendum about what the people think about a treaty ? 
  the treaty is pretty clear , this is a package deal . 
  they signed it and now they want to chance it . 
  you simply ca n't do that if you want your country to be taken seriously . 
  they also accepted the guillotine clause , they are free to chance what they want but then they also need to have the balls to except the consequences . 
  well ideally they are but at least they are better informed than the average voter . 
  dropping the guillotine . 
  i 'm not really sure actually , do you have any clue ? 
  direct democracy sucks balls . 
  people simply are n't interested enough to make thought out decisions on a lot of subjects . 
  myself included, 
  depends on how the uk reacts really . 
  i 'm not sure how these things work but does n't the uk have a veto vote for these kind of decisions ? 
  what actually keeping people to their agreements ? 
  this is realpolitik , welcome to the real world mate . 
  the problem is that the british goverment actually has a veto vote in this case . 
  this could be very bad for the eu . 
  welcome to the real world mate . 
  trade is not charity, 
  can you recommend me some ? 
  i 'm learning german at the moment ^ ^, 
  why are all german movies dark adn depressing ? 
  i maks you a racist piece of shit actually , go and crawl the fuck back to that nazi hole you came from disclaimer : i 'm not implying that thr czech republic is a nazi hole . 
  i meant his personal nazi hole . 
  i got -6,5 on both libertarian/authoritarian and on left/right issues and it was as expected . 
  i always get angry when people trying to impersonate a dutch accent because we do n't sound like that . 
  our accent is really shitty but a different type of shitty, 
  so the uk and the french do n't have their own nukes ? 
  i thought we were speaking about the eu as a whole . 
  why should we police the world anyway ? 
  we are still not doing shit in north korea . 
  we did n't do shit in rwanda and we are not going to do shit in syria . 
  we only intervene when it 's in our interests . 
  the dutch officer who was stationed near sebrenica was much worse than just passive . 
  he should be tried as a war criminal . 
  that being said , it 's quite easy to judge soldiers but they were outnumbered 4 or 5 to 1 and they were denied any airsupport . 
  they only thing they could have done was dying . 
  ( instead they helped the serbians ) i think it 's kind of a cheap shot to use sebrenica instead of responding to the content of my post . 
  it is a defense weapon of course, 
  why would we need any other hard power ? 
  and iraq , afghanistan and the the drugs mess in south america are the perfect example that doing things is not always the right thing . 
  okay you actually convinced me , sorry for taking such a long time to reply . 
  i automatically view my own country differently because i support a party that is very pro europe . 
  the downside is that it costs a lot of money . 
  this is not actually a serious suggestion but people are just getting fed up with the attitude of the uk government . 
  most people ( myself included ) would love to have britten as an eu member but the current attitude in the uk towards the eu is just really annoying . 
  it is holding us back . 
  i was n't being serious because the notion that one gender or the other suffers more in war is ridiculous, 
  how nice to see such an eloquently written response . 
  i want a referendum on the uk being in the eu for everyone in the eu except for uk, 
  well it does n't actually bother those men because you know ... 
  they are dead, 
  good point . 
  since i 'm a member of d66 i 'd love to see that, 
  go germany !, 
  and nobody is mentioning they threw out a staatssecretaris ? 
  ah bugger off , she one of the few true liberal vvd members, 
  lots of hot girls . 
  60 % of the students is female, 
  i 'm afraid to watch it , he is the european leader of the party i 'm a member of . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  russia can fuck itself, 
  luckily greece will never be a threat to the rest of europe militarily, 
  zwolle has a population of 120,000 so it is not exactly small . 
  yes , 
  are n't killed the english , in your country ? 
  boskoop apples !, 
  ah well at least we are not as terrible as the english , but they are way better bakers and so are the germans :( . 
  politics have been boring for weeks now which is a good sign, 
  museum fees are still pretty high , around 10-15 euros, 
  prokofiev , tchaikovsky and stravinsky, 
  i 'm very pro europe and wonder what you think about european foreign policy . 
  i see it as a way to finally being able to stand up to china , russia and the usa . 
  i can understand your points especially with a country with such a long history . 
  i personally like the description '' right wing nut jobs '', 
  but they are not racist, 
  i 'm going to vote on d66 a progressive pro eu party that is part of the european liberal party . 
  no they do n't . 
  power is way more compelling than money, 
  `` that will teach them !, 
  lending us money and everything , how dare they '', 
  i think that the problem is that the gypsies you tend to meet as a tourist are the shitty ones . 
  what was all the fuss about with spain then ? 
  wth why not russia ? 
  we would never supportbtue swedes if it was in our national interest * cough cough *, 
  aww now i feel all warm and fuzzy, 
  friends okay but i would n't want to share a union like the eu with them, 
  because idiots prefer some vague concept of sovereignty over unity and strength, 
  since when are we tolerant to homophobes ?
