  france and germany will fuse and form wilhem bonaparte and conquer the world . 
  reason no . 
  1 : my grades are not high enough so no university will accept my application . 
  i have no idea what they are saying but i 've seen worse . 
  holy fucking shit , i thought i was desensitised enough that i would n't be surprised anymore . 
  i agree, 
  where is robespierre when you need him . 
  good , traitors all of them . 
   the future queen of the netherlands not if i can help it . 
  long live the republic !, 
  french : la tourneuse de pages italian : la dolce vita spanish : el laberinto del fauno, 
  you forgot elsevier which is a high quality rightwing conservative magazine . 
  good point but i mean like 9/11, 
  it is fucking ridiculous, 
  the fact that we see more `` lone wolf '' type of actions is a sign that surveillance actually is working . 
  they ca n't do coordinated attacks because then they will get caught . 
   no , telegraaf is one of the few ` rightish ' papers . 
  it is utter shit though . 
  so it no longer is an order ? 
  you mean ecclesiastic latin :p, 
  but you can say properly sexy/dirty things in dutch without it being absolutely comical like in german, 
  french sounds pleasant and cute german , when properly pronounced ( !!!, 
  ) , sounds pleasant and a bit formal english sounds neutral to me . 
  i 've heard/read it too much to really judge it objectively portuguese sounds nice but i think the brazilian dialect sounds nicer . 
  finnish sounds adorable danish sounds difficult i 'm having a lot of trouble telling swedish and norwegian apart . 
  polish sounds quite pleasant spanish sounds as if someone is trying to speak a nice language with a speech impediment . 
  if salman rushdie can live safely in the open in the usa then so can they . 
  i think that this is a sign that all that surveillance is working . 
  they are forced to work alone because they get caught if they communicate . 
  i think i 'm the only heterosexual guy in my group of friends/acquaintances who has never kissed another guy . 
  most of my guys friends have also kissed a guy , so what ? 
  as if only bi guys like shopping . 
  i 'm straight and i like shopping goddamnit, 
  my toe hurts and i 'm too lazy to do the dishes . 
  traitor !, 
  how can you forget that it used to belong to the netherlands until 1890, 
  seems a bit outdated since race is pretty arbitrary anyway . 
  and meadows , which can be nice but mostly they are a bit dull . 
   europe is a christian continent we fought long and hard wars to make sure of that !, 
  we beat the pagans and the joos and the muslims and we sure are not going to lose now ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  nato is safe as long as we have enough nukes . 
  sphere of influence is so 19th century . 
  i did not know that , thank you for clarifying ^ ^, 
   well , it is hard to estimate ex ante , there is also the cost of enforcing the ban , right ? 
  i always think of prohibition in the us and how well it worked . 
  but they want to be seen as tough crime fighters  . < so it is okay then . 
   agreed , i think it would be better to regulate it than just sweep it under the rug . 
  i only have a problem with the way it is being done : the dutch way aka half-ass it . 
   that 's not true . 
  writing legislation is costly - in fact it generates both direct and indirect cost . 
  it does n't costs as much as making sure that the current legislation actually works . 
  it is also not popular and it will be very bureaucratic . 
  the government needs to be way more involved for it to work properly . 
   also making something illegal does n't solve the problem . 
  i absolutely agree , that is why i want them to actually enforce the current rules and make sure that people are n't forced into prostitution . 
  i think it is a good thing that it is legal . 
   invaders totally not a hyperbole . 
  utrecht , haarlem , leiden , delft and all the old hansa cities in the east of the country such as deventer and kampen . 
  my parents went to wroclaw this summer and they were really impressed by it and they had a great time . 
  that is not true , it is not working well in the netherlands . 
  there are still a lot of people forced into prostitution and politicians would rather abolish it instead of fixing the problems . 
  but fixing problems costs a lot of money of course and writing legislation does n't . 
  i like german , finnish , norwegian , portuguese and french, 
  de dutch word for realschule is havo . 
  de dutch railway company is called ns . 
  your royal highness is z.k.h. 
  and the abbreviation for see other side is z.o.z. 
  and then you got the dutch labour party which is p.v.d.a. 
  we do n't even know how to teach it to native speakers . 
  it is infuriatingly random, 
  i do it involuntarily when i am annoyed . 
  my aunt is hungarian and that is what it sounds like when she talks to my little cousin ( her son ), 
  spelling is much easier in german because it makes some sense . 
  with dutch there are so many useless rules . 
  for example : some abbreviations you write like with normal letters with dots between them , some you write with capital letters with dots between then , some you write in just capital letters and some other you write in just small letters . 
  especially if he is straight . 
  do n't be such a prude, 
  i quite like it actually . 
  it is better than most boring non-offensive abstract art that is in most public places . 
  the war of 1812 aka the war of clusterfucks, 
  it is not like you are loosing something of great value there . 
  i would !, 
   if anything , it is the belgians that ignore the netherlands . 
  they prefer france . 
  at least germany still loves us < 3, 
   the dutch act loud , arrogant and ungrateful to be fair , that is how we act towards everyone, 
  it literally means close off dyke . 
  it is basically the dutch word for cunt, 
  not just the flemish , also french huguenots and jewish people from spain . 
  leiden , rotterdam , amsterdam , utrecht and haarlem are all within an hour 's distance from den haag . 
  you can see all of those cities in a month . 
  no shit , it is dipped in ice , 
  you ca n't even buy an apartment for 150k in the netherlands, 
  detective series like midsummer murders , luther and sherlock . 
  no , the quebecois are the wheel chair assassins . 
  i have no idea why the s is there anyway since we pronounce it as tjaikovsky, 
  prokofiev 's piano sonata 's are the best of the 20th century and mussorgsky use of harmony was absolutely revolutionary . 
   `` some of the best classical music there is '' by which you mean tchaikovsky - who else is there ? 
  really ? 
  scriabin ?
