  * the great arab conquests : how the spread of islam changed the world we live in . 
  * boston : da capo press , 2008 . 
  lol , this type of hysteria reminds of the the anti-catholicism hysteria in the usa around the turn of the 20th century . 
  we will win this culture `` war '' easily by the simple fact that our culture is dominant and much more attractive to the vast majority of muslims . 
  it never ceases to entertain me that the ring wing , who often promote strength , are such pussies when it comes to problems in our society . 
  this is typified by the fact that they seem to cry about anti-fa all the time . 
  since when do people take this bunch of pathetic squatters and druggies seriously ? 
  it is not as if they are the rote armee fraktion , lol . 
  thank you !, 
   i would n't say europe really pulled ahead of china economically and militarily until the renaissance . 
  more like , until the 18th/19th century . 
  if you just look at the troop numbers involved in the [ japanese invasion of korea in the 17th century for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_invasions_of_korea_ ( 1592 % e2 % 80 % 9398 \\ ) ) pretty mind blowing . 
  i often overlook as well just how many people live ( d ) in east asia . 
  it is easy to compare japan to france or england but in fact the population was much larger, 
  do they really count if they are that godawful ? 
  we create our own lebensraum, 
  dude you know that there are places in europe where women could n't vote until the 70 's , right ? 
  if we were a bit further down the line i would agree but the assumption that men and women are equal is much more recent than a lot of us , including myself , take into consideration . 
  in the time of postmodernism anything is possible , my friend, 
  i do n't know about humidity but marble is terrible at dealing with rain . 
  put a marble statue outside in northern europe and it will have eroded in 100 years, 
  not enough charles v, 
   there 's no benefit to the eu in running the clock down . 
  if the eu wants to take that much of an extreme-hardball stance , it could simply say `` here 's your deal . 
  take it or leave it . 
  call us if you want to take it . '', 
  the eu negotiators can then just walk out . 
  the clock-run-down situation does n't provide any benefit to the eu over that . 
  maybe in public opinion ? 
   i wonder if it means brexit talks can be concluded in three years instead of two . 
  you mean 4 months ? 
  being educated does not equal being morally good and visa versa . 
  us liberals pay people to do that cause capitalism, 
  haha , the byzantines made sure of that  . 
  to be honest , i do n't know . 
  they may have been send here as part of the plan to split the refugees ? 
  i live in the netherlands and that was n't exactly a very popular country for refugees from the middle east , not like germany , denmark and sweden . 
  the only thing i know is that , while living on benefits at the moment , the amount of money they receive from the government is enough for them to survive but it is far from luxurious , which i do n't disagree with . 
  which is also the reason why the father really wants to get a job . 
  ( i am unsure if he is allowed to yet and if he can get schooling or anything . ), 
  well all non calvinists are heretics of course but at least they are our heretics, 
  well yes , otherwise my stupid joke would n't work haha, 
  after cutting funding on the police who actual investigate these people  . , 
   refugees are meant to go back to their countries once it 's safe to do so . 
  i doubt a significant number of them intend to ever go back . 
  my parents volunteer to help a syrian family adjust to live here . 
  ( helping them sorting out paperwork , help with learning dutch and helping them get a job ) they do want to go back but they are skeptical about what state syria will be ; if it is ever safe enough . 
  they are basically model refugees anyway : young couple with 3 kids , guy is a car mechanic who is really motivated to get all the correct certifications here , all work hard on dutch and their kids ' neighbourhood friends are syrian christians . 
  but that is the problem is n't it ? 
  the way the refugee crisis was handled meant that we did n't make sure there were n't isis fucktards among the well meaning people . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  better to let people air their gripes with representation in parliament then letting them radicalise . 
  3 seats basically means that they are irrelevant anyway . 
  just make sure we keep a close eye on their relations with erdogan . 
  but i feel like the knaussgard title was on purpose, 
  orthodox , catholics = potato , potato, 
  oh god and i am 30 t_t, 
  we already had this fight mate , it took us 30 years . 
  they are the wrong type of christians . 
  do n't sneakily try to re-catholisize the protestant countries, 
  kampen is much more beautiful though, 
  because new building materials lead to new aesthetics . 
  it would be dumb to make them look as if they are made from stone while they are really made of concrete and steel . 
  so what about this jan van eyck painting from 65 years years earlier ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/jan_van_eyck_070_virgin_of_chancellor_rolin_adj.jpg scan is not great or this rogier van der weyden https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/rogier_van_der_weyden_006.jpg the so called flemish primitives already used aerial perspective if that is what you mean . 
  edit : rereading this , i hope i do n't come across as being too aggressive , if so , my apologies ^ ^, 
  i study art history and i agree . 
  compared to some of his contemporaries da vinci is n't even such a good painter . 
  he pales in comparison to michelangelo , titian and raphael . 
  playing dumb is an old republican tradition but i am unsure if trump is doing that . 
  or float, 
  to be honest , i do n't think is is ugly but it feels a bit like being stabbed in the eye by a box of coloured pencils . 
  [ i got you covered ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/2417_-_m%c3%bcnchen_-_asamkirche.jpg/2560px-2417_-_m%c3%bcnchen_-_asamkirche.jpg ), 
  you take the words right out of my mouth . 
  it only because people trust the government and the bureaucracy to , at least in the end , work for the greater good . 
  i will silently judge you , 
  outside of amsterdam it is definitely frowned upon . 
  it is much more accepted to drink a glass of wine or have a beer than light up a joint . 
  in amsterdam it is accepted but the locals will still judge you for it even though you wo n't be reprimanded for it or anything . 
  in parks and stuff it is absolutely fine, 
  i mean they have to eat something, 
  you guys won in the end though . 
  get conquered and instead of the greeks turning roman the romans turned greek . 
  we mostly sold it since our food is still bland as fuck, 
  i study art history and we have texts in english , dutch , french and german . 
  we are just expected to deal with that . 
  i mean entry level stuff is in dutch but anything more advanced is mostly in english, 
  oh god why ? 
  that is shooting yourself in the foot . 
  dutch simply does n't have enough people speaking it as their first language which makes printing the material super expensive, 
  good point , i have no idea . 
  you ? 
   keep diplomatic relations , improve economic relations . 
  understand their point of view . 
  why should we lower ourselves to cater to the needs of a country with an economy smaller than italy ? 
  while i do n't think that the us ' government is full of nazis , you ca n't deny that there are people who would benefit from the narrative that the uk government is hiding the ethnicity from the public . 
  oh i agree on both cases . 
  it is awful that it is necessary but it is good that it works but `` good '' news is no news apparently, 
  surveillance works , it often gets buried quickly but every now and then you hear reports about groups getting arrested . 
  it is now wonder that a lot of the attacks were made by people acting alone and driving a truck , they are easy to get , and legal , and no info can be leaked .
