  because he is such a huge wanker ( sorry for the awful joke ), 
  i think you are mistaking his target audience . 
  he is most talking to the rest of europe with this and not the uk, 
  translation : ** joris luyendijk : it 's time to say goodbye to the british ** * enough is enough . 
  in normal times the british sabotage was tolerable . 
  but these are not normal times , finds joris luyendijk . 
  so let 's go out together - as friends * the european union should kindly point the united kingdom out the door . 
  for years , london has played both sides : it benefited from membership of a club to undermine them simultaneously from the inside and even blackmail . 
  in the brexit referendum of june 23 vote , a slight majority are likely to remain in the eu . 
  the playing of both sides then continues , just at a time when the eu can only survive if it is reformed in depth . 
  this requires members who act honestly and openly . 
  it is better if the eu and the uk separate as friends . 
  it is tempting to think that great tv makers and cosmopolitans like louis theroux , michael palin , stephen fry and bbc correspondent john simpson are representative of the united kingdom . 
  the opposite is the case . 
  for five years i have lived , a dutchman , in london . 
  i would like to exemplify the attitude of the english intellectual and political class towards europe , i chose the finals of the passa porta literary festival in brussels , at the palais des beaux-arts . 
  it happened during an interview with ian mcewan , perhaps the most prominent british writer of this moment . 
  when mcewan was asked if he ever had been in brussels , he grinned cheerfully . 
  `` no , '' he replied , `` but i have discovered that there are i both some of the most beautiful and the ugliest buildings in the world . '', 
  later that night i expressed my surprise at another leading british writer : finally mcewan , deep in his sixties . 
  by train you drive in two hours from london to brussels . 
  the writer was genuinely surprised at my surprise : `` i 've never been to uzbekistan . 
  that 's no reason to go ? 
  `` a mix of unsuspecting indifference and self-imposed ignorance . 
  featuring the views of a large part of the mainstream british towards the eu and europe . 
  but the ` euroscepticism ' has a different , much less innocent side . 
  over two years , i worked on the editorial board of the british newspaper the guardian . 
  along with the much smaller financial times , the guardian is regarded as the only pro-european british newspaper . 
  indeed , i 've met people there who understand the european project and support it . 
  but they are a minority . 
  more representative is the influential economics commentator for the guardian , larry elliott , who recently compared the eu with the soviet union , `` but without the gulag . '', 
  or take the journalist who almost carelessly said to me : `` well , ultimately the eu is nothing more than an attempt by germany to still win the second world war . '', 
  people say such things without a trace of irony , as you can see the tongue in cheek is nowhere to be seen . 
  the head of the ` out ' camp , the former london mayor boris johnson , claimed no essential difference between hitler 's plans for europe and of the eu . 
  gerard batten mep for the anti-eu party ukip , the next day wrote a much stronger parallel between the eu and the nazis . 
  his party in westminister likened eu membership with `` chained have a corpse , '' while the conservative minister of state for the armed forces penny mordant told why world leaders are wrong when they argue against a brexit `` when our country in 1940 after the defeat dunkirk only stood , we were also excluded and ridiculed . 
  true leadership sometimes means you 're isolated state . '', 
  can you call this still euroscepticism ? 
  or is this europhobia ? 
  in recent decades , tabloids like the sun , daily mail and daily express their millions of readers serves a daily dose of exaggerations , distortions and lies about the eu . 
  the same goes for the daily telegraph and the times . 
  the bbc meanwhile must meet impossible demands of ` impartiality ' , so that each claim must be accompanied by the eu with a counter-argument of the ` out ' camp . 
  this gives the fatal impression that the truth always lies in the middle , making even the most bizarre statements by europhobes get a semblance of credibility . 
  in that respect , the referendum is hugely useful : it will finally be clear how deep the europhobia goes . 
  a very significant part of the london-based media and political elite uses an absurd and false caricature of the eu to paint itself as superior to the rest of europe , and to dream away at revanchist fantasies about ` britain make great again '' - as if it is only because of the eu that the united kingdom is no longer a world power . 
  in the ` in ' camp meantime , treat people like prime minister cameron membership as a favor to europe , where `` concessions '' must be compared . 
  other ` stayers ' see membership as the lesser of two evils , or a load they must bear . 
  jeremy corbyn agitated a long career at the eu . 
  now he is the leader of the labour party , he will not go beyond an appeal to voters to accept the eu , `` warts and all '' - or `` including warts . 
  the only parties that embrace the eu , the scottish nationalists and the liberal democrats . 
  then there is new labour of tony blair and gordon brown , but they have largely lost their credibility by the illegal invasion of iraq and their close links with the global financial elite . 
  in large parts of the british media and the political landscape is ` europe ' is a term of abuse . 
  so you would expect that the ` out ' camp heading for a victory . 
  but the polls say otherwise . 
  the population knows that there is no economic case for brexit - ` out ' may well mean the end of the uk . 
  if the english vote for leaving and the scots will vote to stay , then the scottish nationalists will resume their battle for independence with renewed vigor . 
  therefore , the chances are that on 23 june a narrow majority will vote to remain , possibly helped by the wave of disgust after the murder , by a neo-nazi , the pro-eu mp jo cox ( labour ) . 
  undoubtedly , such a result will be celebrated as a victory by the crisis managers in brussels and many european capitals . 
  but this is short-sighted . 
  as the brussels-veteran and liberation correspondent jean quatremer , wrote : `` if the uk decides to stay then they will make the lives of the populations in the other 27 countries worse than ever before . '', 
  to solve the refugees and euro crisis and finally become truly democratic , then the eu must fundamentally change . 
  and while these steps are taken in the near future , says quatremer , will cameron and his successors force ` concession ' after ` concession ' . 
  politicians and commentators on left and right play openly with the idea of a second referendum , voters could decide to want to continue after the 23rd of june : the neverendum . 
  also realize that the eurofobic newspapers are owned by a handful of billionaires . 
  the most important being rupert murdoch . 
  he was quoted saying : `` if i go to downing street , they do what i say . 
  if i go to brussels , everyone ignores me . '', 
  therefore murdoch is against the eu . 
  is that really `` sovereignty '' ? 
  enough is enough . 
  in normal times the british sabotage was irritating but tolerable . 
  but these are not normal times . 
  the eu is in a crisis . 
  the eu is about to collapse . 
  schengen is not working . 
  the euro does not work . 
  and the eu is simply not democratic in its current form . 
  a democratic eu would mean that citizens in elections get to decide what they want for the eu . 
  that 's not what is happening right now . 
  no , european voters should periodically validate what is taking place behind the scenes . 
  negotiated between the technocrats of the european commission , an appointed lobby of the industry , the european parliament and their prime minister or president . 
  perhaps the refugee crisis proves unmanageable , the euro crisis unsolvable and a truly democratic eu an illusion . 
  but the question that every european should ask is whether we throw in the towel or if we try our hardest to make the european project succeed . 
  in the latter case we can use only countries that are willing to fight openly . 
  countries which are rational and based on a realistic self-image . 
  countries also where the public is not held hostage by europhobic billionaires . 
  the united kingdom , and england in particular , meets none of these requirements and at the same time they have shown to have zero interest in reform proposals . 
  the consensus in london is that the eu is unreformable . 
  the british have much to gain economically from their membership that they will probably wo n't remove themselves from the eu . 
  nor will they cease to undermine and blackmail the eu . 
  let europe therefore be the wisest . 
  let 's stop wishful thinking , to think that the english ever want to truly belong with us , and let us say goodbye to the dogma that no one should go out of the eu . 
  an amicable divorce , or `` when friends go out together . '', 
  is that given our irreconcilable differences not the best for everyone ? 
  fortuyn was murdered by a radical vegatarian, 
  because murica, 
  [ gimmeh my fancy red pants or i will riot !, 
  i agree that it is , but the system seems to be set up in a way to favour the eu . 
  anyway the dutch government will give you a deal , no doubt about it . 
  ah okay that explains , thank you !,
