  oh please , we are better than nordic except for norway , 
  in the netherlands it is kinda complicated but the same for both genders . 
  hi there !, 
  short answer : it is bullshit ^ ^, 
  yellow , that is not bright yellow . 
  is nearly always really ugly, 
  i quite like it to be honest :'), 
  i really like the sound of arabic , french , norwegian , german and finnish . 
  i really like the sound of german , as long as it is high german . 
  lol , as if he stands a chance at becoming pm . 
  he might het the most votes but you wo n't be pm if all the other parties hate you . 
  lol, 
  because the last time you tried to take french soil work out great , right ? 
  that is the wrong willem :p . i am not talking about stadhouder willem 3 but king willem 2 and 3 . 
  thanks willem ii and iii !, 
  we kinda were a bit of a backwater in comparison to other european countries at the time . 
   back then you were invaders and fascists , and you still are . 
  lol , pot meet kettle, 
  but that is just a part of the uk . 
  zuid holland in the netherlands has a population density of 1200 km2 xd, 
  yep, 
  i know . 
  i do n't think i am special for being able to , especially since i learned it in school, 
  i already speak 3 other languages at various levels of competence . 
  verbing nouns is the best part of english . 
  we rely on trade , i mean suicide is a bit harsh but it would be monumentally stupid, 
  for the netherlands it would be economic suicide . 
  do you still have any napoleons left ? 
  no , we should adopt the accent that americans think is an english accent . 
  yalright guvnor ? 
  i mean , it works in minecraft . 
  damnit , i really need to portugal one day . 
  i genuinely like the open sky feel of the grassland and the canals . 
  forests are nice and all but they can also be dull . 
  i have the same dreams of a united europe and i think that a brexit might be a good thing . 
  it leaves us to go along without there being one of us who is not really into it . 
  we care to see you leave :p, 
  we will call you back , sir . 
  do n't bother calling us , 
  ha , we are not making the same mistake again :p , nice try, 
  ravel , koechlin , poulenc , milhaud , tailleferre , rameau , lully , d'indy , massenet , faur\u00e9 , chabrier , messiaen , ropartz , dukas . 
  i guess i do n't have to say what my favourite period and country are when it comes to classical music :'), 
  forgetting szymanowski is an unforgivable crime, 
  a united europe would be ( one of ) the richest country in the world with the highest hdmi and also the freest country in the world . 
  we should be fucking proud of that . 
  it used to be 1.85 here a few years ago :'), 
  haha , well no . 
  english feels like throwing all kind of weird ingredients into a blender and getting a decent meal and french feels like a car that is tapes together but seems to work . 
  there is nothing civilised about your spelling rules . 
  i mean , i love english but it does n't make much sense . 
  so that their language will be as messy as english ? 
  because the french started to use cannons and cannons  longbows . 
  in the first part of the war they did . 
  then at the end , the french got their shit together and the opposite happened . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_castillon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_formigny, 
  \u00f4 \u00e2 \u00fb are quite common in french so probably yes . 
  i dare fucking you to call dutch a german dialects one more time !, 
  well , at least the germans acknowledged the superiority of french taste , 
  maurits van oranje , fuck him the orangist prick :p, 
  lol maybe you should read a newspaper then . 
  there cover it quite a lot actually . 
  politicians in the netherlands have n't been covering up anything . 
  do n't project other countries ' problem onto us . 
  if they will co operate they will do what zalm did to the lpf cabinet . 
  they will implode it from within because let 's be honest , the vvd is the one that has the most to gain from the pvv falling apart . 
  euhm the banking crisis of 2008 was a pretty big deal . 
  it is not slim it is not non-existent, 
  of course aboutaleb telling them to fuck off is saying that we should respect their wishes / s, 
   how much speech is actually limited throughout europe when it comes to criticizing religion , religious beliefs , or even profiling issues ? 
  none of these things are limited here in the netherlands . 
  only hate speech is banned and you need to push it quite far to actually be convicted for that . 
  providing free mandatory language lessons costs money, 
  oh i definitely agree . 
  but the fact that there are n't enough council houses and jobs for the poor is a separate problem . 
  the problem here is that the government/the public wanted to feel good about accepting refugees , something which i agree with , without realizing ( or wanting to realize ) what the consequences are . 
  this is all very easy for me to say because i also strongly feel that there should be more social housing for everyone , but the dutch housing market is fucked up , in the same way as that of the uk, 
  social cohesion will improve if these people are fluent in dutch , are familiar with the culture and have a job . 
  these three things can be fix with money . 
  making sure people speak the language and have job can be fixed with money and those are two very important factors to encourage social cohesion . 
  for both sides, 
  exactly, 
  it is easy to fix but it costs a fuckton of money and that is why wo n't be fixed . 
  you mean hezbollah fighting isis . 
  facepalm, 
  over my dead body traitor !, 
  [ commonwealth stronk ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0c/chor%c4%85giew_kr%c3%b3lewska_kr%c3%b3la_zygmunta_iii_wazy.svg ), 
  never been to the north ? 
  sure , they are going to confuse people from afghanistan with people from syria -_- . 
  it is not like they speak an entirely different language, 
  why the hell would we want that ? 
  i think we are more patriotic than nationalistic but insee what you mean . 
  it is not about enlightenment . 
  you simply do n't know what you are talking about . 
  of course they are of a differentethnicity , but that should n't make them feel less dutch . 
  there is no dutch ethnicity because any white european who is born here will be seen as dutch . 
  i have a friend with polish parents who has never been regarded as anything other than dutch . 
  how can dutch be an ethnicity if that is the case ? 
  my moroccan neighbours tell me that they only feel accepted as a dutch person when it comes to the world cup/euro cup . 
  this comes from both ways . 
   one does n't simply become dutch just by moving there .
