  or french, 
  no , no , no that is way to undiplomatic . 
  we should annex flanders and call it groot vlaanderen , but keep the dutch political system . 
  i still love you guys < 3, 
  i do n't think that evolution works like that m8, 
  good point , i ca n't remember what my point was :p, 
  okay , that is nice , i guess . 
  thank you !, 
  you guys are the experts so you probably know what you are talking about . 
  haha , i prefer sp\u00e4tzle , berliner and flammkuchen when it comes to food ; and poulenc , debussy , ravel and messiaen when it comes to music . 
  you forgot the greatest russian composer : stravinsky !, 
  prokofiev and rimsky-korsakov are n't bad either :p . 
  haha , i 've already seen this but it is awesome :'), 
  just like girl only with skw, 
  thank you belgium for preserving the dutch language and having awesome writers . 
  thank you germany for the delicious food . 
  thank you finland for keeping our egos in check and having an adorable language , maybe someday i 'll be masochistic enough to attempt to learn it thank you uk for making us and finland look reasonable :p thank you france and russia for the awesome classical music and awesome painters thank you ireland for the most amazing writer of all time . 
  edit : almost forgot thank you poland for making me have faith in the future of former warsaw pact countries . 
  that are words you do n't hear very often . 
  you mean archeologists , right ? 
  historians study written sources . 
  the ottomans did n't . 
   woman are not forced to do so due to their gender role ( for the vast majority ) . 
  they are not forced but it is sort of expected . 
   women are still expected to carry the family load more than men , and they end up having to go part time . 
  it is a waste of talent and money imho . 
  dutch women are on average more highly educated than dutch men but a lot of them still end up working part time jobs . 
  this probably works when you are on vacation but it sadly does n't work for my german examen next week :p, 
  they are and that is very annoying when you are learning them . 
  i 'm dutch myself and i can never trust my intuition when it comes to words . 
  for example : in dutch ` aangeven ' means to pass : `` could you pass me the butter '' . 
  in german `` angeben '' means to brag . 
  my ex-inlaws thought it was hilarious when i mixed those up . 
  ah , i can understand but getting a credit over here is pointless . 
  i automatically get a pin card and can use it nearly everywhere ( except for markets and stuff ) . 
   i still do n't see why they are a hassle ? 
  all you need to do is fill in your card details , and sometimes an additional password . 
  there is no simpler system . 
  to use a pin card you just use your pin number . 
  great idea !, 
  i hate using cash , coins are heavy and i often spend way too much if i have cash . 
  you can pay almost everywhere with your pin card in the netherlands , even at bars . 
  thank you, 
  it was not about game of thrones . 
  dutch prosecutors wanted to sue a guy for saying `` fuck the king '' in a public space . 
  did we ? 
  or did n't we ? 
  i ca n't remember what they decided in the end, 
  we did burn your fleet though :p, 
  i can imagine :(, 
  / r/unitedkingdom is waaaaaaay saltier, 
  [ raid on the medway ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_the_medway ) it is seen as one of the most heroic victories in dutch history, 
  that is true :p, 
  antique science buildings society ? 
  it is more that mercantilism implies strict protectionism . 
   mercantilist i do n't think you know what mercantilism means, 
  and ruined ours !, 
  i tried to learn the correct use of punctuation in dutch . 
  so i went the side of the language union and tried to read up on the rules regarding commas , colons and semicolons . 
  the answer was something like this : `` there are n't any clear rules on how to use them , here are some examples that do work , good luck with the rest . '', 
  at least the german use of punctuation makes sense : use it as much as possible . 
  we would have won anyway because , you know , germans are europeans too, 
   this is simply a large group of disenfranchised youth with very little perspective in their lives and no opportunity at all to change politics through the established institutions . 
  i am skeptical about this statement , most of the people i know who are radical left wing are decidedly middle class . 
  absolutism is pretty centrist . 
   do n't get me wrong , i think this protest is pretty fucking stupid , but comparing anarchism to fascism because they both use violence is so extremely ignorant and only contributes to the degradation of political knowledge anarchists are the ones that shoot/bomb politicians , right ? 
  it still works though ? 
  democracy is frustrating a lot of the times because of all the marketing talk and career politicians but at the end of the day it is the results that matter . 
   i think it 's time we got rid of career politicians for good . 
  democracy rewards marketing over substance , that is simply inherent to the system . 
  the chanting was clearly aimed at all moroccans, 
  people also protested against satanic verses , a book which is hardly more offensive than life of brian . 
  some people simply think of these things as if they are a team which you root for : `` i am left wing and everyone who criticizes islam is right wing so they are wrong . 
  '' ( happens the other way around as well ) at the same time a lot of people would be outraged if the catholic church would try the same . 
  what if the members of monthy python were killed after life of brian . 
  would you still have said that it was unnecessarily offensive ? 
  i have seven megabit for 20 euros :(, 
  ah bummer , thank you for the help ^ ^, 
  btw , do you know why the german language subreddits are so dead ? 
  / r/thenetherlands is almost 3 times as big as / r/de . 
  benelux scandinavia should unite and out compete germies-frenchies-ukies . 
  i nearly chocked on my breakfast reading that . 
  you want to see other people , austria is still lonely . 
  i speak : * dutch * english * a bit of german and i want to learn : * french * either norwegian , danish or swedish * finnish because it sounds adorable * latin * arabic of farsi, 
  there is a hotel with a swimming pool nearby . 
  ( the swimming pool is mostly to give the building a tolerable humidity ), 
  i love the name . 
  to give such a multi-million dollar project such a stupid name is absolutely brilliant, 
  til that latvia is protestant and lithuania is catholic, 
  yes and they reason they act the same is because the earthworms you see in the us are actually an invasive species from europe . 
  ah that explains a lot actually and makes it far less forgivable imho . 
  baklava is fucking delicious, 
  i do n't think that anyone cares about this here . 
  then we should buy our gas from iran, 
   i do n't know how well students are learning about algerian genocide in french schools , congo in belgium , bosnian genocide etc i learned about all three of them . 
  it is fucking embarrassing . 
  haha , i just checked it myself . 
  haha, 
  i think we should reform our energy infrastructure radically to get rid of russian gas asap . 
  we should cut all trading with russia when that is possible as long as they are continuing with their current policies .
