  they can have the dutch part of limburg as well . 
  of course i laugh at her as well ^ ^, 
  i 'm dutch and my german girlfriend always laughs at me because my prononciation makes me sound like a caveman, 
  yup it 's worth it, 
  dear frisians please take groningen with you if you secede, 
  but still let 's not forget your that great idea about shoving zeeland into the sea, 
  i think the euro and the eu is flawed because it does n't go far enough . 
  both systems are a weak compromise . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that people who have problems with zwarte piet think all people who do n't have a problem with it are racist . 
  i think it 's racist but it 's pretty innocent , but just look at the hair , the lips , the earings . 
  it 's kind of naive to say that it is not based on africans . 
  i do n't think it should be banned btw . 
  the un is just considering if sinterklaas is cutural heritage which deserves protection but they are taking the racism argument in to consideration against that . 
  what 's your view on this conflict ? 
  you said you learned the lessons from our mistakes , i gave you two arguments why you did n't . 
  the fact that you have a black president now and we do n't have a moroccan prime minister has nothing to do with it . 
  i know that a huge numbers of jews were deported to concentration camps and we have these laws to pevent such a thing ever happening again . 
  trying to derail the point we are discussing is not strengthening your points . 
  it still took you about 19 years after world war ii before you had racial equality . 
  also the mccarthyism of the world 1950 's . 
  apparently not . 
  i agree this is getting embarrassing . 
  haha i never realized that this was n't common anywhere else . 
  i laughed out loud reading your comment, 
  you realize that to export goods to the eu you will have to conform to rules you do n't have any influence on ? 
  switzerland has that problem right now, 
  make that 3 if you count the napoleonic wars, 
  our accent is just really ugly . 
  2nd hand = stolen bike ,, 
  pfff pseudo-belgians you mean . 
  i thought about including england but this makes it clear that i should have done that . 
  ~ ~ spain and france ~ ~ england !, 
  this map desperately needs florida man !, 
  they will have to deal with the results of those votes so it is not surprising that they have an opinion of it . 
  a democratic choice is not immune to criticism . 
  you can argue that you guys did n't start wwi , so ... 
  nah because your leaders will likely be so inbred again that they mess everything up , 
  i do n't think that the rest of germany would mind to lose east-frisia . 
  haha how the hell did you find that one , it was ages ago when i saw that account . 
  no shilling is considered shilling . 
  i remember one was called john smith . 
  i loled when i read that name . 
  unless you like a herd of cats  . 
  pim fortuyn was killed by a fanatical vegan . 
  anti-fa are mostly filthy squatters and not that frightening . 
  the holy roman empire sucked big time but it would be a proper representation of reality . 
  haha this is hilarious . 
  haha touch\u00e9 . 
  i 'm currently learning german and one of the most annoying things is that the genders are not necessarily the same in dutch and german . 
  for example the car : is `` de auto '' in dutch and is feminine/masculine ( dutch does n't differentiate between genders only male/female and neutrum ) . 
  in german it is `` das auto '' which would translate to `` het auto '' in dutch . 
  uugh so annoying . 
  traitor !, 
  it is actually made by the people who founded studio ghibli !, 
   how about denmark/uk + intermarium and the us , and we scrap nato . 
  maybe the dutch would join too . 
  we would join in a heart beat . 
  have you ever eaten flammkuchen ? 
  the great austrian navy ... 
  the people were very helpful though , so it was n't a problem . 
  the city itself really exceded my expectations, 
  i was weimar last month and nobody spoke , or wanted to speak , english . 
  luckily we spoke some german but it must have been confusing for a lot of the chinese and english/american tourists we saw there . 
  our queen is argentinian, 
  yeah but that is stretching the definition a bit isnt it :p, 
  i do n't know actually . 
  i thought it was around 198 even with kosovo and taiwan included :p but i see your point . 
  that is impossible , there are n't even 200 countries . 
  giving up nuclear weapons worked out great for ukraine after all . 
  food is definitely not cheaper in the netherlands . 
  especially eating out is at least a third cheaper in germany . 
  long live the aldmeri dominion !, 
  ( i was disappointed that i could n't join them as a high elf . ), 
  ironically , the iconoclasm is what saved a lot of byzantine mosaics because they white washed them , which preserved them . 
  what is the name of the alphabet you guys use ? 
  it sounds like tswai and not zwai ( in english that is ), 
  lower german sounds like a eastern-dutch dialect but then in german . 
  was is quite logical if you think about it, 
  for years everyone is crying for germany to act more actively and put our financial and economic power into action , and now that we do , it 's suddenly selfish and reckless . 
  the problem is not that germany is doing something , it is the way merkel reacts to situations like this . 
  always choosing the safe and popular option . 
  trade will become more expensive , which is bad news for us . 
  because europeans are fucking cowards ( source : i 'm a fucking coward ) who have forgotten that having freedom and money is not enough to magically make bad things go away . 
  the arab spring went against american interests . 
  has the middle east ever been stable ? 
  it is just as bad as europe when it comes to internal conflict, 
   guess the spanish police could arrest the catalan government for high treason . 
  that would be a great way to make sure that there would be violence, 
   i dunno if some minoan dude with a fancy new bronze sword could afford it all on his own , either . 
  i do n't know about the minoans specifically but greek hoplites had to buy their own equipment . 
  it is insanely expensive and it rains a lot :(, 
  since when did all these syrians refugees decided to take a detour via libya ? 
  they will go to germany anyway, 
  i agree , i think we would have a lot to gain by getting a constitutional court btw . 
  instead of de eerste kamer . 
  center-left . 
  i would be a member of social democrats but they are incompetent idiots . 
  too bad our constitution is just for show . 
  we do n't even have a constitutional court :(, 
  haha nice ^ ^,
