  napoleon iii was n't executed, 
  i expect them not to be racist, 
  it should n't be forgotten but it also should n't be celebrated, 
  the war crimes of the allies are irrelevant in this discussion, 
  whataboutism , stop trying to change the subject . 
  we should n't remember a institution like the wehrmacht, 
  whataboutism , stop trying to divert the topic pleasr, 
  the german wehrmacht commited a lot of atrocities in eastern europe , that was n't just the ss, 
  hmmpffgrrr alright, 
  we do n't need the rest anyway . 
  yes , most people use it . 
  i immediately thought it was the extreme right because it would n't be the first time in belgium, 
  it 's not okay , with the freedom to vote comes the responsibility to inform yourself and participate . 
  i disagree , the people who are n't voting are those who fail to be a responsible democratic citizen . 
  germans invade our beaches and ruin them by digging holes !, 
  yup, 
  nah he fucked up a while ago , he will never get a chance of being in the goverment again after the racists chants from a while ago . 
  pvda is n't racist, 
  the party was founded ( ? ), 
  in 1966 and the d stands for democratic, 
  i voted for and i 'm a member of d66/liberals . 
  does n't surprise me , switzerland is full of xenophobic fucktards anyway, 
  that 's why china is n't a direct threat to world peace , they know that , if they do n't ruin their economy or pollute the country too much , they can just sit back and watch their country grow and surpass the us and the eu in a couple of decades . 
  we should have evolved trunks by now , that would be much more convenient, 
  india is kind of shitty to be honest, 
  stop uttering your ridiculous papal propaganda !, 
  uniom of utrecht part ii, 
  wilhelmus was written before the plakkaat of verlatinghe . 
  i thought they wanted to send a message that they still supported philip but rebelled against alva, 
  bloody catholic traitors !, 
  that 's what they are !, 
  i think that 1m a year is a wee bit optimistic, 
  depends on the speed on which the water is rising . 
  that 's luxembourg, 
  i know , but they are currently in power in the uk and in australia . 
  we still love you , no matter how hard you pretend to be an island in the middle of the atlantic ocean , we know that you are only about 50 ( ? ), 
  miles away from the netherlands, 
  conservatives that 's why . 
  with blackjack and hookers and less shitty kings, 
  dutch , english and a bit of german and i can understand a tiny bit of french, 
  no it 's even bigger, 
  okay , russia has proven to be extremely unreliable and imperialistic . 
  they do n't seem to be wanting a union based on corperation but they want to dominate it . 
  they are quite open about that . 
  putin has said multiple times that the collapse of the su is the greatest tragedy in the history of russia . 
  so if you allow people , even through a democratic process , to persue a union with russia , you are basically indicating that you accept the russian domination . 
  becoming a vassal state is not the same as joining a union, 
  democracy needs to be protected frol forces that want to abolish it, 
  well that 's all relative of course, 
  ca n't they just immigrate to russia, 
  traditional values like annexing parts of other countries and silencing critics, 
  thanks !, 
  i was clearly wrong my apologies, 
  russia had serfdom even in the 20th century , you were better off paying extra tax because of your believes than being property . 
  i need s source on the forced conversions, 
  awesome i 'm a compatriot, 
  ow those horrible ottomans with their religious freedom and freedom for peasants, 
  cows and polders mostly, 
  why would they speak english ? 
  this makes me tear up with patriotism, 
  germans take note !, 
  of all the things you could have mentioned and you mention the food, 
  is that because of new types of artillery shells because it did n't work that well in wwi, 
  no , we just need to make sure to stop young people from radicalising and make muslims in general feel more european . 
  labour day ? 
  dutch is not a german accent, 
  our stadhouders ( leaders of the republic ) were not really chosen , they were all van oranjes ( family name ), 
  yeah but not we are not so left wing anymore when it comea to child care and such, 
  it 's a bit of an overstatement but it 's not false, 
  in the netherlands they are viewed as politically similar in a way but the netherlands is a bit more economically liberal . 
  you ca n't base your entire economy on just those goods . 
  i read and watch a lot of british media and they seem to predict the downfall of germany/france every week and rise of britten every month . 
  that makes it hard to take seriously . 
  or ww i and ii . 
  i can understand the context and i still think it 's silly, 
  lol homogeneous , try telling a german from nordrhein westfalen that he is like someone from bavaria . 
  i love this poem !, 
  haha that 's how some germans see us as well . 
  english , because fuck logical pronunciation rules !, 
  flemish sounds like a french person that tries to speak dutch . 
  of course they did , i 'm not denying that but you got to keep in mind that those countries which you call homogeneous are n't homogeneous at all . 
  take the english for example , a mix of celts , saxons , danes and people from france, 
  i think you are overestimating the damage the persians would have done to greece . 
  to call them a horde is really not doing their civilization any justice , you seem to be too strongly influenced by patriotism . 
  random order : john locke napoleon bonaparte martin luther karl marx otto von bismarck, 
  i 'd put arthur zimmermann on that list instead of lenin , he personally send a train of communists to russia and the zimmermann telegram got the united states involved in world war i, 
  the view countries as `` homogeneous '' is a relatively modern invention . 
  what this really mean : russia backs down because otherwise their economy will collapse . 
  be careful you might be arrested for spreading gay propaganda :'d, 
  that makes me feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside . 
  i just hope the rest of europe feels the same . 
  but the russian people support putin, 
  with the personality of voldemort, 
  ah my bad , thanks for the info !, 
  it was n't really that important to the usa and the allies probably would have won anyway unlike wwii . 
  russia was weak in wwi and did n't pose a serious threat, 
  world war one was n't a war about ideology , simply about power . 
  and he is giving the baltics and poland the perfect reason to letting them station the missile shield, 
  i would n't cripple the economic recovery , it would delay it maybe year or so . 
  while losing about 70 billion dollars in the economic backlash,
