  lol, 
  ah they are all real communists alright, 
  we have a socialist party but they are more like very leftwing social democrats, 
  they are a completely irrelevant party in the netherlands . 
  your communists have seats in parliament ? 
  you can just go to a shooting range . 
  it is not to expensive and it is pretty fun from what i 've heard . 
  are you crazy ? 
  it is amazing !, 
  so many great museums , be it art , natural history or history ; great cheap food and drinks , fantastic atmosphere . 
  it is my favourite city and when i was there it made me want to live there . 
  i agree , amsterdam is not big enough in comparison to other european capitals . 
  however you are within an hours train ride of the entire randstad which should give you tons of things to do . 
  you could visit rotterdam , the hague , leiden , utrecht and haarlem and if that does n't entertain you then you are really hard to please, 
  sure it looks like shit , but there a nice parks , museums and museums , and tons of cafes and restaurants . 
  what does bad weather in bergen look like ? 
  permanent rain ? 
  i spend 4 days in berlin 2 weeks ago and the weather was amazing, 
  thank god they are that dumb . 
  they are basically giving the intelligence agencies a present, 
  it is like dwarven warfare except with cheese instead of battle bread, 
  wilders will not get elected until he does the impossible and get a majority on his own . 
  something that has never happened in dutch history, 
  does isis even have a coherent ideology except for `` burn it all down '' ? 
  aw :( rest in peace, 
  there are problem with those migrants as well . 
  the difference is that there is n't a group that is specifically trying to recruit the people who have an identity crisis in those communities . 
  there is no `` temptation '' of extremism for those people . 
  whelp my apologies, 
  did n't the british invade afghanistan ? 
  oh okay , i was born around 10 years earlier, 
  i am 1,82 and i am now officially below average t_t, 
  is it a fucking full moon or something ? 
  who is bringing out all the crazies, 
  agreed but er learned our lessons over 10 years ago and it is clearly showing in the the statistics . 
  most children of immigrants feel dutch and feel accepted , despite having more problems finding a job . 
  also the fact that aboutaleb , a hardliner when it comes to radicalisation , is considered to be a potentially pm is a good thing imbo . 
  we are clearly doing something right . 
  the amount of media attention inspires more people, 
  we did n't luck out ; we did n't fuck up our integration policy like france did . 
  i have to pay 2k a year of university, 
  i quite like that one, 
  [ mfw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/l41yedibenubh6ljo/giphy.gif ), 
  it is a great way to launder money :|, 
  it is very easy , ask yourself `` do i like this or find it interesting ? '' . 
  that is how i appreciate it or not and i am an art history major . 
  the financial side is a whole different story btw . 
  that is just messed up . 
  pfff , i love germany but france is more interesting when it comes to culture/art . 
  russia could have better relations with the eu if they did n't act like assholes to their neighbouring countries, 
  you lost that war mate :p, 
  we are taking your banks . 
  you can keep the rest , 
  but only one party wants out and no party will get a majority here on their own . 
  it is almost as if he is a human being :'), 
  they get stripped off their voting rights . 
  '' altmaier 's office has issued a clarification , saying he did not mean british politicians should rethink the brexit decision itself '', 
  but this vote has great political and economical consequences . 
  you ca n't just pretend it did n't happen . 
  you do not carry on as normal if your wife just pulls out the divorce papers . 
  `` altmaier 's office has issued a clarification , saying he did not mean british politicians should rethink the brexit decision itself '', 
  no , because the eu does n't want it . 
  that uncertainty would not be great for the uk 's credit rating . 
  if investors hate one thing then is is uncertainty, 
  this is yurop !, 
  we have no need of any of that fancy `` freedom '', 
  i have no clue what they actually can do , but they are not happy to be honest.the eu is having a meeting on tuesday with the uk and a meeting without the uk to decide what to do next . 
  i wish you guys the best and i think it is for the best that you are leaving ^ ^ it was a much needed divorce . 
   we must do everything we can to keep at least the largest and most powerful nations of europe together . 
  at least keep the founding nations together . 
  neo francia here we come !, 
  the rest of the eu members have already made clear that they will not accept that and will keep increasing the pressure until you do invoke article 50 . 
  you will risk seriously souring the relationships between the eu and the uk if you will start to use this result to try and negotiate . 
  wilders might get the most votes but he will never get an absolute majority on his own and the only parties that wanted to work with him hated his guts because he betrayed them . 
  i wo n't say that a referendum in the netherlands is impossible but it is unlikely, 
  once it will become clear that this is terrible both for the uk and the eu , then the people in charge will realize that this is an issue that will need to be resolved asap . 
  i completely understand , and now you voted to leave and i wish you the best , but we need to get on with our lives . 
  if your decisions also influence our political and economical decision than you 'd better believe it is personal . 
  i am personally not all that worried , not for the uk and not for the eu , but the breakup needs to happen and the longer it takes the more investors will get spooked . 
  reich ; part 4 let the bodies hit the floor, 
  haha < 3, 
  i would sacrifice my first born for that to happen . 
  i do n't feel confident to make predictions since i know shit about economics , but it will be interesting to see what happens at least . 
  you only have a veto on tax and foreign policy , this is a dangerous game you are playing and games are things you can lose . 
  that would be a very very hostile reaction , lol, 
  okay , sweden it is then, 
  mweh , i am interested to see how it will turn out and i am excited to see the brits on the negotiation table . 
  i do n't see the problem, 
  you mean perfect timing . 
  yeah but wilders bailed out when he needed to make concessions, 
  more polite, 
  they would need the vvd and cda not hating them and i dont see that happening, 
  i would move to belgium , same language , better food , close by . 
  okay , 50 % of our gdp comes from trade . 
  risking that would be utterly moronic, 
  they might not veto them because they are n't in the eu, 
  this is not a treaty change so they can do fuck all, 
  news : wilders really wants a referendum badly but does n't have the majority to call one :'d, 
  wrong country, 
  maybe you can ask cameron ?
