  it is politicians we are talking about after all . 
  she is a great pacifist because she is great at doing nothing . 
   that sounded interesting , so i pulled up recordings of different german dialects and discovered that if you do n't know a language , it 's pretty much impossible to distinguish between dialects . 
  and if you become slightly better at it , you can tell that they are speaking with an accent but no clue which . 
  german is just ill equipped to deal with sexiness . 
  it can be romantic though . 
  i mostly now it from this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go46zvq7goy her accent sounds very proper french and his euhm not so much, 
  whoops i mixed them up . 
  the council is the one with the heads of state , right ? 
  he may be popular but open revolt against merkel is something else . 
  i do n't think that merkel is that unpopular . 
  open rebellion will not make him popular, 
  fantastic idea , as long as it gets rid of the european ~ ~ commission ~ ~ council . 
  is it common for a minister to publicly voice his disagreements in germany ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  can merkel sack him ? 
  ( that would be nice ), 
  i have no problem understanding spoken high german but most dialects seem to be about pronouncing as few words as possible : s, 
  frisian sounds very charming to me imho, 
  quebecois french is to normal french what the swiss dialect of german is to high german . 
  they both sound awful to me :'d, 
   hollanders just ca n't appreciate the beauty of limburgs . 
  you gave us wilders so you have a lot to compensate . 
  if history has told us anything is the fact that we should just go to war with austria before uniting . 
  germany can not into democracy, 
  [ some appropriate debussy for you all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsnij96cedo ), 
  best national anthem < 3, 
  the british press is having a massive wank because the ez is struggling . 
  thank you joris luyendijk . 
  i was about to post this :p, 
   in my opinion the european commission is the bane of the european idea because it continues the haggling over national interests on the european stage . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  i did n't know about that . 
  god damn it , i do n't think i 'll ever be well informed when it comes to the economic/monetary crisis . 
  haha okay , he is like rutte and merkel then ? 
  he seems to be doing an all right job , so why not ? 
  what do you think of renzi , if i may ask ? 
  they are still one the richest countries in europe but i get your point . 
  live press conference : http://video.consilium.europa.eu/webcast.aspx?ticket=775-983-16108, 
   last weekend tsipras was the persona non grata in europe and today he is the messiah who was crucified by the eurozone ? 
  i thought he was a dick because , at the time , it seemed like the creditors wanted the best for greece ; the behaviour of the representatives of the netherlands , germany , finland etc has clearly shown that this is not the case and that they are willing to risk the euro to appease their constituency . 
  thank god that he replaced his cardboard spine with a brain, 
  france and italy should be able to counterbalance germany in theory . 
  call me naive but i have hope that greece can have some hope on better deals if they are able to pull this off . 
  if implementing this will not restore trust then nothing will . 
  last night was a hard wake up call for me and i have a lot more sympathy with the greek people now . 
  [ nah , no politician would be that bad , would they ? 
  ] ( http://i1014.photobucket.com/albums/af261/sockmanthesavior/gravity%20falls%202/em_28.gif ), 
  i suggest you check your museums , 
  amen, 
  i 'm getting the impression having these kind of negotiations hurts the reputation of the eu/eurozone more than actually giving greece debt relief ever would . 
  hollande and renzi should have done that and they did n't ; not enough at least . 
   short of body-snatchers getting hold of him , how can tsipras ' bizarre behaviour be explained ? 
  he has no other option . 
   pechtold would sign away our sovereignty if he could . 
  good , i would as well . 
  i feel like i was manipulated/an idiot . 
  they clearly played hardball with greece to appease their own constituency . 
  https://twitter.com/apechtold/status/620456248341856257 leader of the dutch party d66 ( liberal democrats ) :  de schade die koppige regeringsleiders de slagkracht van europa hebben aangedaan , kan wel eens groter zijn dan het hele griekse probleem ...  the damage that the headstrong head 's of state have done to the power/reputation of europe , might be even bigger than the problem with greece, 
  leaking/presenting harsher demands than you actually want to implement is politics 101 . 
  it is quite obvious if you pay attention to less sensitive political issues . 
  they that so they can appear to be reasonable by lowering their demands . 
  it is like wage negotiations : you always ask for more than you actually want . 
  i do n't know if this is the case right now ; it could be that employees of the ministry of finance leaked it to sabotage sch\u00e4uble 's position . 
  these kind of manipulations happen all the time . 
  i also quite suspicious that this `` leak '' might be a way to scare the shit out of greece and that the actual deal might be more realistic . 
  they are playing a very dangerous game if that is the case . 
  i trust in the european parliament but not in the leaders of the eu countries . 
   the eu wo n't end because of a grexit in a million years . 
  no but eu will end if germany starts to demand the capitulation and humiliation of other european countries . 
   his hope is that hollande and renzi will be scared into action . 
  that is my hope as well . 
  i think that is enough news for me tonight or else i might have an aneurysm . 
  that is awesome , thank you !, 
   but seriously , the fuck ? 
  i 'm all for pooling sovereignty for a fiscal union , but this is making greece a protectorate . 
  it 's about time france make their fucking move and save us all , because i want to be no part in such a heinous deal . 
  amen . 
  i do n't like syriza at all but i care deeply about the eu and this is fucking up all what we have achieved so far . 
  i think it is absolutely fair to be critical of the greek government and to demand reform to make sure greece has a viable economy again . 
  this just seems like they want to punish them for resisting and humiliate them . 
   may i suggest that the signing should happen in versailles . 
  i agree and i do n't think that this is a hyperbole at all at the moment . 
  syriza fucked up big time but to humiliate greece this way is sickening . 
  maybe i should learn norwegian after all , 
  that is exactly how i feel now . 
  i 'm absolutely livid . 
  to risk the future of the euro out of sheer arrogance and self-righteousness is absolutely disgusting . 
  amen , i am not a fan of syriza but sch\u00e4uble can go and fuck himself . 
  france and italy are acting like only fucking adults in the room . 
  netherlands as well, 
   is old man sch\u00e4uble losing it ? 
  clearly . 
  at least the minister of foreign affairs of luxembourg , hollande and renzi are still acting like grown ups . 
  i 'm getting way too angry about this issue . 
  [ there is a rumour that sch\u00e4uble had a fight with draghi ] ( https://twitter.com/albertonardelli/status/620195495596683265 ), 
  even if that happens then it is not hard to imagine that at least germany , the benelux , italy and france would continue together . 
  a former useless stoner and now a pretentious snob . 
  music , literature , history and politics, 
  step 4 : very drunk finns,
