  haha , my sister was on vacation in lisbon earlier this year and she was having dinner in a restaurant when a group of spaniards came in . 
  they began talking in spanish to the waiter and he replied : `` we only have a menu in portuguese and english , not in spanish . '', 
  and he winked to my sisters and her boyfriend when the group of spaniards left angrily . 
  i genuinely thought for a sec that this was near my parents ' house buy the trees on the right do n't match up, 
  portugal ? 
  some can but not the dutch ones . 
  i live in the centre of leiden and that looks so much better, 
  nah , most moroccans speak one of the berber languages anyway . 
  it is up to you guys to preserve our common language , do n't expect any help from us . 
  while i love driving here , those planned out neighbourhoods are a terrible eyesore, 
  my experience is that most germans drive perfectly fine but the crazy ones drive even crazier . 
  no problem maat , i will even get you donuts for breakfast if you want to . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  charlemagne came from northern francia and kicked the ass of the saxons !, 
   china will take what ever it wants around it . 
  china would sit back and enjoy the fireworks . 
  oh those silly americans with their love for guns and tank . 
  they simply ca n't help themselves . 
  these are great arguments for the secession of noord-brabant and limburg !, 
  so now you are danish . 
  we kicked the shit out of the vikings when they were raiding our shores . 
  ( lets see how long we can keep this up ), 
  oh wait , i misread your post . 
  my apologies, 
  they already said that any sign of `` little green men '' would be seen as an invasion . 
  so they actually will react , they simply have to react otherwise we might as well dissolve nato . 
  oi mate , we ruled the world seas while your country was still a herd of cats . 
  we successfully invaded england and beat them at war 2 times on top of that , something you did n't even managed once . 
  hell , you were probably even part of denmark during that time , 
  ah well ca n't comment too much on that . 
  where do you live ? 
  we have no right to mock belgium culture . 
  they have great writers , food , drink , beautiful medieval cities . 
  the netherlands and the flemish part of the belgium are very different culturally . 
  i doubt it will work out . 
  really ? 
  i think victoria 2 is quite a bit better than eu iv and ck ii, 
  327 years !, 
  glorious revolution never forget . 
  you mean victoria ii right ? 
  i already poster about that below, 
  i do n't know enough about how your country is run but i can understand your point of view if there is a lot of corruption . 
  there have been a few corruption scandals here lately but most politicians here are ( relatively ) competent and honest . 
  the shadiest thing that happens to everyone is what kind of job they get after they retire from politics . 
  we are you from ? 
  yes but those people could have made a lot more money if they went into business instead of politics . 
  the problem is that experts are also politically divided but in general i think that it sounds like a good idea . 
   it seems to me most of the politicians are narcissistic greedy psychopaths and therefore we should pay them less , so not everybody goes to the politics for money . 
  no one is in politics for money . 
  power is way more appealing . 
  i like the orange bar for rutte . 
  who would you want to govern in a technocracy ? 
  the euro sign does n't look very aerodynamic, 
  then we agree and i should remind myself to stop talking about things which i nothing about . 
  my apologies . 
  why does the wikipedia page on cultural relativism explicitly mentions cultural relativistic criticism on human rights ? 
  i see your point but i still feel that western values on freedom are superior to that of countries like china , russia , saudi arabia or iran . 
  i am all for understanding other cultures within the context of that culture , as long as they do n't violate human rights . 
  the article on the nrc site clearly mentions that they are suspecting the rebels . 
  and the sea on the other side . 
  they were lucky they held out for so long :p [ list of sieges of constantinople ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sieges_of_constantinople ), 
  i 'm pretty much a sjw and i agree . 
  cultural relativism is stupid . 
  yeah , i have problems with that one as well . 
  tom scott videos are always good ^ ^, 
  it looks manmade so cultural landscape . 
  look i do n't mean that it is bad or something , it just implies that it is man made . 
  i 'm just saying that it is impractical , it is not a value judgement . 
  calling [ this ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/50/33/71/hoover-dam-from-the-bridge.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/martis_creek_beaver_dam_2012-10.jpg ) both nature is not a very practical way to describe what you see on the pictures . 
  yeah i agree that it is lovely in a lot of places , it is just not '' the rugged outdoors '' . 
  the cultural landscape ( is this the correct term ) can be very beautiful though , just do n't expect rugged nature . 
  if i 'm in a forest i can safely walk off a random path i would probably reach another path within an hour , and reach a road in 3-4 in the worst case . 
  are you serious xd ? 
  there is no real nature here . 
  only cultural landscape or `` fake '' nature . 
  germany ? 
  that is a great point . 
  i live in one of the most liberal/progressive cities in the country in the most progressive part so my perspective is very limited because of that, 
  finnish sounds so cute, 
  creationisme is definitely not on the rise in the netherlands . 
  dutch , my english is quite good and my german is improving . 
  if you use cable you can get around 50 if you want . 
  i think german is the same as dutch in that there is no word for town . 
  only for village and for city . 
  sort of , you do n't air-kiss completely here , that is just weird . 
  at least they are not as lonely and cold as you guys !, 
  those fucking picts , always generalizing . 
  here they do . 
  i 'm from zuid-holland and i greet my female friends/relatives with 3 kisses . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is universal . 
  it would make my german ex-gf so uncomfortable , it was hilarious . 
  austerity, 
  i 'm quite optimistic when it comes to the problems with immigrants in the netherlands . 
  i grew up in a neighborhood with a high number of moroccans and all the kids that got into trouble are all settled down now . 
  ( me and my friends got in trouble as well btw ) my direct neighbors all speak fluent dutch and their kids all went to university or other higher education . 
  somewhat related : in an autobiography i read a while ago , the guy talks about doing the typical 2nd generation immigrant shit as kid . 
  getting in finds , stealing stuff and stupid vandalism . 
  it was the autobiography of artie shaw , who was born in new york in 1910 from an austrian mother and russian father . 
   it 's sad that the european culture is going to be destroyed in this way . 
  while i agree that there is a problem with some immigrants , this is overly dramatic bullshit .
