imagine the movies though . 
  like about the vietnam war , only in siberia instead of the jungle . 
  imagine the profit !, 
  i 'll vote for the father having the say on whether the child gets born or not in the cases when pregnancy is transferred to him . 
  yes . 
  it 's a risk . 
  no risky activity comes with an option `` perform the act but without the risk '' . 
  when a man and a woman engage in vaginal intercourse , presuming they are both fertile ( and surgical sterilization is not an option in bulgaria except for medical reasons ) , there 's a risk of conceiving . 
  unfortunately , biology does n't put men and women in the same basket regarding this so it 's the woman who potentially carries the child and either gives birth or gets an abortion . 
  the man does n't even have to face this choice , it 's non existant for him . 
  there 's this misconception that abortion is a way out for the woman and men do n't have a way out should the woman decide to keep the child and this is unfair . 
  this is completely false . 
  abortion is not a way out . 
  once a woman is pregnant she 's already in and there 's no choosing to get out of it , the only choices are how to proceed - but the pregnancy is a fact and : hormonal changes start right away ; one way or another it ends in a fairly safe but still risky procedure ; it 's potentially life changing to a varying degree , even if the chosen course is abortion . 
  the woman takes the bigger risk in the otherwise fun activity called `` casual sex '' . 
  no law can change this and make men and women `` equal '' regarding pregnancy simply because men can never face pregnancy . 
  men tend to overlook this . 
  i do n't know how the law works in other countries , but in bulgaria it 's like this . 
  let 's say two people who are not married have sex and somehow the woman gets pregnant . 
  in case the father does n't want to be a daddy and the mother wants the child , she has two choices . 
  one , does n't involve the father - in this case the birth certificate does n't mention a father and that 's it , he is not involved at all . 
  two , after the birth of the child she sues the father , presumably wins the case ( which she will if he is indeed the father ) , and the unwilling person is stuck with obligations but is also given rights . 
  now imagine being de facto a single mother , receiving monthly alimony for the kid but having to seek the father 's assistance for many decisions regarding your kid because the father 's signature is needed . 
  there are many cases in which the unwilling father makes the life of the mother difficult just out of spite this way , and the women regret ever involving him - the alimony is not that great anyway , to say the least . 
  so if the father is unwilling to be a father the mother is really better off leaving him alone . 
  there is one further issue . 
  when the kid turns 18 , he/she has one year to sue the father and presuming he is indeed the father the kid will inherit him . 
  this is not a law in favour of the mother though , it is a law in favour of the child . 
  it is presumed that two adults having sex know that no contraception is 100 % effective so they take the risk of becoming parents , and the law protects the rights of the child . 
  in my opinion , this is as equal as it gets . 
  interesting . 
  i can think of two possible reasons for this : one , they were not in the eastern block , two , they are southern countries . 
  i do n't know which is closer to reality . 
  i think western europe wo n't understand you . 
  yep , it 's masochism . 
  practiced a lot in this part of the world on a national scale . 
   only thing that would work is forbidding citizens to leave the country . 
  ca n't do it . 
  eu members and all that jazz . 
  wanted free movement ? 
  got free movement . 
  so people are moving - out . 
  yeah , the situation is fucked up and out of control ; the more young people leave , the worse the social and economic situation in these countries gets , the more young people want to leave , etc. 
  as for your second proposition , it 's way too far out in fantasy land to even address it properly , lol . 
  ( yeah , it is n't funny , i know . ), 
  we already have them . 
  i mean , i am a bulgarian and an european and i ca n't imagine the two contradict each other . 
  i 'm also a number of other things as well and i feel no internal struggle . 
  i also do n't seem to meet a lot of people struggling to put to peace the various ways they identify themselves . 
  the struggling begins when one identity threathens another ; before that it 's just , meh , whatever . 
  you 're making it sound so simple , yet in your own words there is something quite unclear . 
  what is ethnicity and how is it being defined ? 
  you 're wrong , by the way . 
  people have identified themselves as members of some group or other , or a combination of several , since just about forever . 
  nationality happens to be one of the types of groups . 
  it may be new , it may be engineered , it does n't matter because for all purposes in real life , you have people identifying themselves by their different nationalities , amongst other things . 
  just try to eliminate this by proclaiming an universal nationless state of all united and watch all hell break loose . 
  lovely . 
  another `` vote '' campaign . 
  if people do n't vote , it 's not because something 's wrong with the people , it 's because there 's something wrong with the system voting is a part of . 
  but , yeah , this year vote , will you . 
  otherwise you 're cutting your arm off . 
  jeez , what an inspiring message . 
  i 'm not voting and somebody needs to take propaganda lessons , if they exist , or develop them , if they do n't . 
  i dunno what the logic is any more , at this point i have to assume it 's `` the more , the merrier '' . 
  the blood will be cleaned off the ruins eventually , after all . 
  or something like this . 
  not a particular desire of mine but if it suits them , why not ? 
  it 's up for them to decide . 
  the point is , this discourse is missing . 
  it should n't be missing . 
  i have a crazy suggestion to the countries that want a multi-speed europe . 
  britain set the example . 
  ( sort of . 
  we 're still waiting to see how they perform their marvelous exit . ), 
  so follow , will you ? 
   plus they share the common backgrounds like catholic , language , now you 've stepped on lots of european toes both on religion and language , regardless of what you meant . 
  i do n't know where europe seems universal from , but the fact is it is n't . 
   came for the balkan shit show . 
  is this politically correct ? 
  i ask for a friend . 
   i think it would be better if the eu recognized the annexation of the west bank and treated palestinians the same as israeli citizens . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  then we would be able to talk about gaza in a more reasonable manner , too . 
  regarding the west bank , you are not correct . 
  a significant amount of it is governed by israel . 
   it looks like the eu nations are inching towards a unilateral recognition of a palestinian state . 
  ah , this would be extremely interesting , since there would have to be defined national borders . 
  i wonder who would get to define them and how would said body defend the definition in front of both israelis and palestinians in order to be able to pull it off . 
  depends on what goals the eu has ? 
  the usual custom ( pardon me ) is to first define the goals one wishes to pursue , then to define the means to implement them . 
  it 's a miserable , hot and dry summer down there ( and by `` down there '' i mean both `` low '' and `` south '' ) . 
  ps this is just my guess based on who knows what bits of knowledge i 've gathered . 
  ( plus having been in the area in the summer . ), 
  i do n't really know what kind of a dynamic the mountains and seas around make , and i tried to find a more informative explanation but so far no luck . 
  well , technically , it was n't ; the intention was to have control over a buffer zone between the ussr and untrustworthy western states . 
  the ussr had kinda ... bad recent experience with those , you know . 
  not willing to be scared of something does n't mean said something does n't exist . 
  just stating the obvious , of course . 
  edit : willing for an answer that does n't match reality for the sake of personal comfort , now this is beyond my expertize but i suppose it falls into fantasy land .
