  both the left and right have no problem with interventions abroad and those generally result in an increase in approval ratings for the government in power . 
  that being said i personally think boots on the ground in syria is probably not a very good idea . 
  i definitly support other means of support for the kurds though . 
  no one likes paris in france . 
  you wo n't meet a non-retarded french person that see the rainbow warrior affair as something remotely positive . 
  insulting just makes you look like a hateful person . 
   most french , and most of the nazis on this sub probably look at this terrorist attack with pride like large sections of muslims do with their attacks . 
  source : 2015 study by the department of human sciences of the `` university of / u/this _ sort_of_thing 's ass '' . 
  sorry if that is the case but the way you worded your comment it really sounds like you are implying that at least it is a good thing he is not an islamist . 
  `` he is pimping his own wife , surely that means he is a good person since islamists would never do that ! '', 
  your comment made my eyes bleed . 
  there is a difference between giving an example to explain the process i am talking about and citing figures as scientifically proven facts . 
  if you do n't see the difference i am sorry for you but the fault is not on my part . 
  we also need those moon bases for when the world will be too polluted to live in . 
  g36 is a pretty neat weapon as long as you do n't get into intense firefights in hot climate . 
  i mean for european climate it is pretty good . 
  the hk417 is going to be an improvement though . 
  i got only great things to say about polish , italian and portoguese immigration in france . 
  for the most part they are honest and hard-working people who identify as french basically as soon as they settled . 
  some discrimination appeared during the immigration waves but basically disappeared completly after a few years when people realized they caused no trouble whatsoever and today you would be hard pressed to find any discrimination toward da silvas or mancinis . 
  algerian and moroccan immigration has more trouble integrating somehow . 
  they are not all bad at all and i would even say a lot of them are cool but they definitly represent a good part of criminal activities in france despite being a minority and still identify as moroccan or algerian after four generations . 
  looks like big cultural differences do count in one 's capacity to integrate . 
  i am not retreating . 
  i never presented these numbers as fact . 
  i presented them as examples indeed , to illustrate the way i do n't think you will ever win with this kind of system . 
  do n't be dishonest please , it does not really make talking with you an enriching experience . 
  when did i cite any number as fact ? 
  ah we are giving sources now ? 
  or is it just me that needs sources ? 
  more seriously if you are giving away a part of your salary in exchange for cheaper prices , the executives and stockholders are gon na take their share of it . 
  they wo n't lower they prices just because they want to be nice with you , they will lower their prices because it benefits them and giving back everything or more than you have given them is just not worth it . 
  i can pretty much guarantee you that you will get the shaft in the end . 
  true . 
  and if you are lucky for every 3 $ of decrease to your salary you get 1 $ back thanks to lower prices . 
  what a bargain . 
  so having lower wages benefit you ? 
  then i guess you do n't mind giving me 30 % of your income ? 
  surely you will be much happier . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  daily , i like to check it regularly during the day . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  it is part of my daily subreddit rotation so pretty often . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  france  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  french ( native ) , italian ( fluent ) , i can read very basic russian but i am pretty shit honestly . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  i love the cultural diversity mainly . 
  more precisely food but not only . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favorite : being able to discuss about science , culture and history with other europeans without annoying americans interfering . 
  least favorite : even though i am for a pretty strict control of immigration i feel like there is a clear overload of immigration posts and i feel like something can be done about it without necessarily needing censorship . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  nope  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i want to beat / u/dclauzel as the most hated french person on / r/europe . 
  more sincerely i feel like the mods here are often criticized , sometimes with reasons . 
  i want to try and make a difference . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i am good at not taking insults personally . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  nope , but i live in the same city as dclauzel , i am sure i could discuss all that with him around a good pint of beer . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i think the starting idea was okey but that it was not followed through ( at some point new pieces of news were not updated in the original post ) . 
  it should have been made clearer that everything immigration-related had to be posted in the megathread . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  cheese . 
  i literally can not resist a good piece of cheese . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  do i get to choose the place ? 
  if i can somehow attract the duck sized horses to a funnel of some sort i am pretty confident that i could prevail . 
  the horse sized duck sounds like a pretty impossible fight . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why i will sum it up in one picture of my creation : http://i.imgur.com/zelfq1g.jpg, 
  funnily both these events greatly profit the super rich . 
  yeah because every single middle east country is a lawless shithole ... and people imply i am a racist ... 
  haha , sounds about right . 
  i never voted fn and probably never will . 
   my cousin is renting an apartment to two syrian families in berlin and both are educated and have found jobs . 
  so much for your ` benefits ' crap . 
  whenever there is a news article about refugees attacking someone people say `` this is but one example , this means nothing . '', 
  and they are right , one example means nothing . 
  except if germany has an infinite number of jobs to give , there has to be a point where refugees wo n't be able to work because there just wo n't be work left at all . 
  this is just simple logic . 
  the current refugee wave is not the first and is not the last . 
  your country will have to adress this problem sooner or later because reality does not care whether you believe in it or not . 
  she is cute as hell though . 
  out of compassion or because you have been forced to do so ? 
  still not adressing the issue . 
  germans apparently . 
  more seriously there is a difference between seeking a good life and just choosing countries based on their generosity towards the less fortunate without knowing shit about the local culture , language or history . 
  this is just opportunism . 
  it is the same difference between talking to someone because they seem like an interesting person and you want to know more about them and talking to someone just because they have money , completly disregarding what makes them a person . 
  nice way to avoid adressing the point i make . 
   so , why are they doing 4500km to go to germany when there are safe countries right next to where they live ? 
  they love goethe ? 
  maybe they are passionate about wagner and leibniz ? 
  i do n't doubt they are in danger but they are also incredibly opportunistic , stop kidding yourself . 
  it is a very reputed brand of kitchen ware .
