  thanks to them we have been given the opportunity to sit at the victor 's table despite p\u00e9tain . 
  of course . 
  i do n't see where i said things have been handled perfectly . 
  no , mostly they are disinfranchised youths like the one from la haine . 
  they speak french but feel stuck in their soulless periphery districts . 
  a part of them turn to drug dealing to make money and some of them just refuse this and look for `` higher purposes '' . 
   world of open borders would still have its tribalism and violence . 
  probably more i would wager . 
  borders exist because human tend to regroup with people that look like them , love it or hate it . 
  borders have been existing since we stopped being nomads . 
  in the end i am pretty sure that clearly defined borders actually prevent conflicts more often than not . 
  every muslim i know does ramadan . 
  i am talking about unveiled women and people drinking alcohol ( not during ramadan of course ) . 
  doing ramadan is not necessarily a sign of being very religious for a muslim in my opinion . 
  just to clarify i totally agree , i know they are not a majority . 
  you do realize that asking me to speak up against hateful anti-immigration people is basically the same as asking muslims to speak up against isis ? 
  why should i justify myself for them ? 
  why would you associate me with them in the first place ? 
  basically the first ones to arrive were pretty westernized . 
  they were mainly workers coming to work in france . 
  they felt okey with the `` religion comes second '' rule as they were not super religious people . 
  it still held true with the second generation . 
  now the fourth generation feels a kind of longing toward what they feel are their roots and some take a keen interest in islam as a result . 
  as a lot of people who feel like they are not as legitimate , they sometimes go over the top , mingling with radicalism etc. . . 
  as it was just said anti-tank missiles are pretty much useless against planes . 
  are you french ? 
  because the fn literally never said that muslims should be kicked out . 
  they are very tough with illegal immigrants and very secularism oriented but i just went through their programme following your comment and i never found anything regarding kicking muslims out . 
  the context mainly . 
  of course there would be . 
  there are some at the bottom of the comment section if you want to see them . 
  i just loath the way you use this event to push your own agenda by putting all anti-immigration people in the same bag . 
  or maybe they are pro-immigration people who want to spark a wave of sympathy towards migrants to push their agenda ? 
  maybe we could also avoid retarded conspiracy theories ? 
  i am pretty actively anti immigration and i think it is awful that they died . 
  the fact i do not necessarily want them to come here does not mean i do n't consider them as human beings or that i want them dead . 
  i did not post because i did not want to raise any polemic on this particular event and yet here you are sparking controversy . 
  it 's pretty tame , really . 
  too bad the most vocal ones are not the kind and gentle ones . 
  just a question , can you tell with certitude what will be the consequences of taking that many foreigners with very different culture and values in such a short timespan in the long term ? 
  the answer is no you ca n't because no one can and that includes mrs merkel . 
  seeing how militant at least a part of them are i do n't really see how the change will be a positive one . 
  good sentiments is good and i am okey with them in theory but you have no idea what will be price for it in the long term . 
  in france we cater to everyone 's kink https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyesnhs9dcm, 
  i would watch that show . 
  to be honest the only people on earth more comfortable with being naked are probably in africa . 
  ah okey , sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  if you fight between brits , chances are one of you wins . 
  just add a saucisson and you have a french `` ap\u00e9ro '' . 
  we do have fights from time to time but no as often as you guys . 
   we do n't refuse to introduce them , at least not anymore . 
   what we do wonder about is how effective they will be given that they do n't work with mobile/tablet apps ( afaik ) or the various reddit mobile interfaces since they are just css hacks . 
  i deduce from this that that was what was preventing you from doing that before . 
  so because the filters can not be used by mobile users you let the bus get shitty for everyone ? 
  there are still people browsing reddit on home computers , even if it 's just half the people i do n't see any con argument that would justify not putting lables that can be filtered by the people . 
  we love to drink . 
  the most french thing you can do is `` ap\u00e9ro '' . 
  you bring a saucisson and some wine or beer to a friend 's and you eat [ saucisson ( dry sausage ) ] ( https://t1.ftcdn.net/jpg/00/32/02/84/400_f_32028496_2n5z1znfiplrrkyislxzdeqorjfnfkc7.jpg ) while drinking wine and / or beer . 
  when you get out of saucisson you go bar crawl and get drunk . 
   halloumi just googled it , seems pretty appetizing . 
  10/10 will taste if any occasion arises . 
  we can add some hormones , corn syrup and bleach to them so they fit your refined tastes better if you want . 
  everything . 
  everything is important about french cheese . 
  french cheese is life , french cheese is love . 
  french cheese is god . 
  yeah , no . 
  they are separate issue . 
  i like my country and i would probably call myself a patriot if asked about it and i do not rank people or cultures . 
  i like my country the same way i like my appartment , it is not the best or the worst but it is my own , it is somewhere familiar where i feel good and i feel lucky to be born in france . 
  i love to travel and i love discovering other cultures but i always miss france a bit when abroad . 
  idiocy is the basis for cultural relativism and ranking countries . 
  there is nothing wrong with patriotism as such . 
  what are they shouting ? 
  3 months, 
   it 's about money , yes , in the short term , but , and there 's no doubt about it , scientology 's ultimate goal is world domination . 
  as we speak italian government is actually using tax payer money to bring them in europe on italian navy boats . 
  that 's the main problem . 
  we can not humanly let them drown so the only solution is rescue them , then send them back in a friendly african country where they can be processed . 
  ue could strike a deal with one of our african partners , pay a few billions a year and the problem is hardly a problem anymore . 
  france and other countries has been fighting to keep west africa as stable as possible for decades ( not because we are nice but because we have economic interests there ) , senegal and mali are pretty okey from a security point of view . 
  we also have plenty of troops and permanent military bases in djibouti so i am sure we could broker a deal with them as well . 
  we already have a permanent military presence in these countries so any refugee would be pretty safe there . 
  do that and the refugee problem is no longer a big problem . 
  no not really . 
  no they are not gypsies . 
  they are ethnically french and have french nationality . 
  gypsies are foreign . 
  roma and `` gens du voyage '' are different . 
  roma are the brownish eastern people begging in the streets and scamming people . 
  `` gens du voyage '' are ethnically french people who choose to live in caravans instead of having a house . 
  yeah that 's what i was saying . 
  islam has nothing to do with scientology . 
  a little video in english on her for those interested : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4q8bimipcm, 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  scientology is an abusive business trying to masquerade as a religion . 
  france sanctions scientology because it is a scam . 
  last i checked islam does not require its believers to give it all their money or any money at all . 
  the only thing requiring believers to give money in islam is the duty of charity requiring well off believers to give to poor people . 
  what did she do ?
