  i love the rosbif grenadier 's march as heard in barry lyndon battle scene : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbfpw-459vu 10/10 would kill frogs whistling this tune if i could whistle which i ca n't . 
  [ my little friends would like to differ ] ( http://gfycat.com/bigheartedsorrowfulelectriceel ), 
  the main menu of [ `` hogs of war '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0fx-uxbngw ) ? 
  sorry but i loved this game so much as a teen that this music is forever linked to it now . 
  damn these marches are catchy . 
  i totally imagine ottoman army marching to battle . 
  cossack looking guy smoking pipe in combat , check . 
  polish winged hussars , check . 
  god this polish clip is fucking cool . 
  [ `` la strasbourgeoise '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylxswfeyai0 ) always gives me the chills ( not perfectly chanted but this is chanted by actual marching soldiers after a [ 41km ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=albi+castres&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=xf6vvdzvkit6ulfapaan ) march in full kit ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0k7xs_hl44 ) is a better chanted but less authentic version . 
  i love that it is generally interpreted in canon , that adds an amazing effect . 
  -  my little daddy , are we at mardi gras ,  because i see you here dressed as a soldier  my little daddy tell if this is for laughs ,  or to scare the little blond angels ( bis )  no , my child i leave to serve the motherland  it 's a duty all daddies have to perform ,  kiss my little darling ,  i will come back home very soon ( bis )  tell me mommy , what is this medal ,  and this letter brought by the postman ,  tell me mommy , you cry and you faint  they killed my beloved daddy ( bis )  yes my child , they killed your father ,  cry with because we hate them ,  these atrocious wars that make the mothers cry ,  and kill the fathers of the little blond angels ( bis )  the snow is falling at the city gates ,  there is sitting a child of strasbourg . 
   she remains there despite the cold and wind ,  she remains there despite the cold of the day  a man passes , to the child gives  she recognizes the german uniform . 
   she refuses the charity given to her ,  to the enemy she says proudly ( bis )  keep your gold , i keep my suffering ,  go your way prussian soldier . 
   i am only a child from france ,  but to the enemy i do hold out my hand ( bis )  while she was preying in this cathedrale ,  my mother died crushed by the collapsing porch . 
   hit to death by one of your bullets ,  hit to death by one of your shells ( bis )  my daddy died on your battlefields ,  i did not even get to see his coffin . 
   hit to death by one of your bullets ,  it is the reason for my mourning dress ( bis )  you already have the alsace and lorraine ,  you already have millions of foreigners ,  you already have germania and bohemia ,  but my little heart you will never get it ,  but my little heart will remain forever french . 
  sorry for our now friends from germany because this song is pretty hateful towards you guys but this song is so incredibly sad and powerful and i love it . 
  the ban on recording people 's religion and ethnicities by the state dates from 1978 so it had been there for 30 years in 2008 . 
  this ban has been enforced by a law after a nation-wide scandal in 1974 when it was revealed that the state was constituting databases of citizens based on various criterias , the public protested against it and the government acted on it , creating this law and creating an organization ( the cnil ) in charge of making sure it did not happen again . 
  so no , they did not create this to hide anything , they created this because the people of france asked for it basically . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commission_nationale_de_l%27informatique_et_des_libert%c3%a9s concerning your question itself . 
  it is no secret that poor muslim youth is responsible for a lot of the criminality , any french person would probably tell you that without hesitation so it is nothing secret . 
  is it 60 % ? 
  no idea . 
  muslim organization probably have interest in inflating this number but they are probably not far off . 
  honestly though , what is this about ? 
  putin basically took the strongest chechnyan warlord opposing him ( kadyrov ) and made an ally off him . 
  in exchange kadyrov has become the boss in chechnya and has basically free reign to do as he pleases in his country . 
  the chechens are happy because they are led by one of them , kadyrov is happy because he submitted all the other warlords he had to compete with before and putin is happy because chechnya remained in russian federation . 
  everyone is happy . 
  posting bilingual stuff is okey but i do n't really see the use of posting an article in swedish without at least making a quick sum up of the article in english . 
  right now only swedish people are able to read and react on this so op could just post it on / r/sweden honestly . 
  that is not what jealousy is . 
  funny story time : i did some hitchhiking with a friend once . 
  we had to go to strasbourg and dared ourselves to do it through hitchhiking for fun . 
  one of the guy that took us was a chechen , we was big and scary and had a big bushy beard . 
  we ask him if he does not mind us cracking a beer open he looks at us as if he was going to murder us and says something about him being a muslim in a pretty scary tone so we do n't . 
  then while he drives 180km/h in 90km/h zones ( `` i only got chechen licence they ca n't cancel it '' ) he proceeds to tell us that he really likes france , that he used to `` steal people and ask their family for money when he was in chechnya '' and that `` some people in this line of work they kill the hostages after but i did not because i have a heart '' . 
  he says he ca n't turn back to chechnya because he is wanted there but that in france he behaves and try to make an honest living . 
  the trip went okey but we were glad he chose to behave and stop `` stealing people '' when he got in france . 
  this is my only interaction ever with a chechnyan person . 
  they do seem to be slightly more lenient with journalists . 
  i would rather kill myself than fall into their hands as a kurdish fighter though . 
  `` come on guys , make it super easy for us to fire people and we will hire soooo many people we swear , it is % 1100 # happening . 
  really , just trust us we wo n't abuse this at all . '', 
  - big companies everywhere . 
  i 'd rather pay unemployment for 10 % of our population than trust these guys honestly . 
  sure our labor code could and should probably be reformed to be simplified but i do n't want firing to be made any easier as it would make life way shittier for the 90 % people who work just to put 5 % more people to work * in the best of case * , that 's just not worth it . 
  maybe because 99 % of the people on this sub wo n't be able to understand it since it is not in english ? 
  also honestly the english title you put does not make much sense but that could just be me . 
  everytime i need a username for a website i go on wiktionary and hit `` random page , all languages '' repeatedly until i find something i like . 
  every six months or so i delete my reddit account and create another one using the same process . 
  last username was in croat and the one before was in inuktitut ( inuit language ) . 
  makes me discover new languages and i suck at coming up with funny usernames that are not already taken . 
  yep it 's frisian for great aulk . 
  hehe to be honest from the few times i went to belgium it seemed like the flemish speak french much more often than wallons speak flemish which is kind of unfair in my opinion . 
  i laughed so hard at givi dancing like a poof . 
  mainly because it does not seem to be constructed with the best interest of the people in mind but seems more constructed as an opaque organization benefitting big companies and their politician friends . 
  so satisfying when the guy gets arrested . 
  this guy was provoking the cops and insulting them since the beginning . 
  kudos to the cops for their patience and professionalism . 
  anyway yeah it is this kind of jerk i talk about . 
  most people who feel like they need to drive for hours to go have a joint and fuck a prostitute are not generally the brightest of any population . 
  it 's not . 
  the legalized weed thing attacts a lot of jerks . 
  i do n't understand why we do n't do the same honestly . 
  i am a very daring person . 
  i would rather we invade them . 
  seems easier . 
  pretty useful in belgium too . 
  let me guess : sell the nhs ? 
  sarkozy certainly would like his retarded son jean sarkozy to succeed in politics but it is not going to happen in my opinion . 
  look at that [ punchable face ] ( https://alaindumait.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/jean-sarkozy1-37dad.jpg ) , this guy could be on the cover of the `` i never had to do anything by myself because daddy is influent '' catalogue . 
  is is a common sentiment ? 
  these guys are just leeching other countries ' tax evasion why do we need them ? 
  i think you 'll find this in most countries . 
  the us do that a lot too . 
  went to amsterdam once , got in a coffee shop because one of my friend wanted to smoke a joint ( he was an occasional smoker ) . 
  even though i do n't smoke myself i order a coffee because it seems polite to order something and then notice the group of eight low tier scum ( the french equivalent of british chavs ) speaking loudly in french like they owned the place while smoking their joints and i cringed a little . 
  i think the problem for amsterdam is most of the french people who go are just interested in smoking weed and maybe a quickie with a local prostitute and they are not always the best and brightest our country has to offer . 
  a lot of us hate our country for a reason or another but we do n't want filthy foreigners to know about that fact . 
  testa di minchia ? 
  i never thought the italians as insufferable personnally , it is more the `` my-grandma-is-italian-therefore-i-will-insist-a-lot-on-the-fact-that-i-am-italian-even-though-i-never-went-to-italy-and-don ` t-speak-italian '' french people that are super annoying . 
  i went a few times in italy ( including a 6 month erasmus trip to florence ) and most italians i met were super nice . 
  they were all convinced that every french person hated them with a passion for some reason though and would always ask me why i had taken the trouble to learn their language . 
  you guys should be more confident on the attractiveness of your language and culture !, 
  we love you too even though any poll made of french people 's opinions on romania would most likely be skewed by all the morons that associate you with roms . 
  what i am trying to explain to you is that this is not an acceptable behavior regardless of the context . 
  and no i travelled quite a bit and never rioted while chanting the marseillaise because a country refused me access while i had no visa . 
  because i asked for a visa and because i recognize any country has the right to grant me access to their land or not . 
  sure but why `` allahu akbar '' ? 
  they may think they are mistreated or that they do n't know the law ( which is quite laughable honestly , who never heard about visas ? ), 
  but why do they feel like `` allahu akbar '' is remotely apropriate here ( or anywhere outside of a mosque really ) ? 
  the only reason you would shout `` allahu akbar '' defiantly in the street like that in a non muslim country is if you have a `` us ( muslims ) vs them ( infidels ) '' mentality . 
  okey so they are arriving on a continent that they know is mainly inhabitant by people from a different religion and culture and they come shouting `` allahu akbar '' in an agressive manner ? 
  sorry i do n't see how to interpret that any other way . 
  i never talked about is or djihadists , i just said that it just showed they are not here to abide by our laws and respect our culture since they are already breaking our laws and are already making it obvious that they do n't care about respecting our culture by brandishing the main the main thing that distinguish us from them in a threatening way . 
   that 's a very ussr thing to say .
