  thanks for clearing that up . 
  we always hear a lot of contradicting news on you guys . 
   you claimed france broke all laws nope  i asked you about one . 
  you admitted france did n't break that law . 
  you asked if france annexed any other country in 2014 . 
  it did not . 
   this proves france did n't break all laws if you are taking things that literally then russia did not break all laws either and north korea either . 
  so by your definition no country on earth is a rogue nation ? 
  not sure it makes much more sense ... 
   i said france annexed no territory not that it broke no law . 
  you really have a problem with english . 
  twisting again . 
  i said france annexed no territory not that it broke no law . 
  pay attention to words , they are important . 
  i say every nation is rogue according to your definition which is  fairly certain calling ** somebody who does somethings against all laws and procedures ** rogue ai n't exactly hyperbolic . 
  as i said your only argument is pretending this comment of yours did not exist . 
  thank you for proving me right once again in thinking you are completly immature . 
  i do n't have an argument ? 
  your only argument is saying `` nope did not say that '' even though i quoted the exact sentence where you did . 
  yes you are throwing a fit because you wo n't ever say that you were wrong even if you are given every element showing that you are indeed wrong . 
  this is the behavior of a 10 years old and i am being nice to you , my little sister stopped doing that around 7 years old . 
  there are ways to prevent from happening . 
  also no need for them to actually be girls . 
  you are hilarious . 
  i think the funniest part is how you downvote every single one of my posts like a 10 years old throwing a tantrum . 
  then you are contradicting yourself . 
  that 's okey . 
   russia , the country that invaded another sovereign nation and annexed part of that territory . 
      fairly certain ** calling somebody who does somethings against all laws and procedures rogue ai n't exactly hyperbolic ** . 
  it 's pretty spot on . 
  from your own definition most countries would be called rogue . 
  what part of `` no '' do you not understand ? 
  takes one to know one !, 
  we did not but we surely do a lot of illegal things according to international laws . 
  okey let 's create an austrian joke / r/europe , one word each do n't cheat : austria, 
  we do n't really have british jokes actually , too busy with jokes about belgium and nazi germany i guess . 
  why do french people have to be buried face down ? 
  because you would never have enough earth to fill in their big mouths . 
  it 's the only one i know . 
  i sense an opportunity for a `` muricans suck at geography '' joke . 
  damn this comment section is pretty funny , have n't laughed that much on / r/europe since the last dclauzelgate . 
  [ latvia is on fire today !, 
  this kind of bothers me . 
  yeah progressive , except in the districts where swedish law does not apply because police hardly goes there . 
  with this definition every country in the world is a rogue nation basically . 
  thanks for the other version . 
  sounds like convenient bullshit as usual . 
  they are not even pretending anymore . 
  who ? 
  what if the foreign legion sends gurkhas too ? 
  i like the relationship we have with belgium . 
  i guess it 's like when people call muslims `` snackbars '' here . 
  basically that . 
  ps and r\u00e9publicains have been cuckolding their voters for 30 years or so and people keep voting the first or second in power seemingly at random because [ this time it 's totally going to be different ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkmmcpeiqoc ) . 
  now they act all surprised that a lot of voters are turning towards fringe parties like the fn . 
  corrupt bastards . 
  got ta love this old paedo . 
  i think he knew he was screwed either way . 
  mbts are not terribly useful currently as most conflicts in which the west gets involved are guerilla warfare that favors very light and agile tanks such as the erc-90 . 
  it does not mean that europe should not equip itself with good mbts because we never know what could happen . 
  mbts are basically like nukes , the chances that you will actually need them are slim but if you need them and do n't have them you are screwed big time . 
  the free french were pretty metal with french collaborators who in their view had greatly stained the honor of france making the whole country pass for traitors and they were not happy about it . 
  the french felt greatly humiliated by the swift defeat and occupation that followed and some resorted to blind vengeance whenever they found collaborators . 
  i am not condoning it of course , everyone deserves a fair trial but that 's how it often works with traitors or people seen as traitors in any given conflict . 
  more likely he got killed because he was a collaborator , the smartass retort was just the last drop i think . 
  yes they are , german milans are now a common sight in iraq / syria . 
  damn , you reassure me . 
  i thought for a second that we would have to stop selling weapons to blood crazed dictators so as not to shock you !, 
   why do they want their headquarters in the netherlands ? 
  my guess would be partly for tax reasons , partly because the germans would not want it to be in france and the french would not want it to be in germany . 
  hehe i guess but that 's okey . 
  i said in another comment that i apparently overestimated the fame of the infamous charlemagne division . 
  this was added by me after the original title `` tank makers nexter , kmw set to sign merger deal : figaro '' . 
  the sentence appeared in various french speaking medias and i thought it summed things up pretty well . 
  eg : http://www.franceinfo.fr/emission/tout-info-tout-eco/2013-2014/europe-vers-un-grand-airbus-de-l-armement-terrestre-07-02-2014-07-53, 
   let 's take it back and associate it to something more positive . 
  like a mbt for example ? 
   just kidding . 
  of course you are right . 
  it seems i overrestimated the fame of the charlemagne division . 
  do you see france or any other nation bitching about illegals being able to pass through other countries ? 
  no you do n't because everyone knows how hard it is to manage thousands of very determined people . 
  having another country stop people before they cross your border and keeping them in their country willingly is a unique privilege only you benefit from because it can not be done anywhere else in europe . 
  is it right ? 
  i do n't think so but it is the current state of things . 
  if you want to continue to benefit from this privilege it is only normal that you help . 
  this is our problem only because we are being good sports and accept to make it our problem . 
  you should be thankful yet in a typically british way you are not because the urge of bashing france is just too strong . 
  my problem arises when i have to keep hearing people from uk bitching and moaning about france not doing its job and being a failed state . 
  what we are doing could be summed up as `` what we legally can '' . 
  insulting us is not helping , saying you would do oh so much better is not helping either . 
  fair enough . 
   i genuinely hope we do send in the troops , at least we know there will be people on the ground capable of doing the fucking job . 
  you are doing it again . 
  no you wo n't do any better because it is not a problem of competence it is a problem of being allowed to act by human rights treaties . 
  france has about 2251km of land borders to watch , you guys have a 10 meters wide tunnel , you are absolutly in no way in a position to give lessons to anyone . 
  you are just being the annoying coworker who has the easiest job in the company and that spends his days telling other people to work faster and that he could do it so much better should he be given the chance and saying stuff like `` damn what would you guys do without me ? '', 
  or `` do i have to do everything myself for fuck sake ? 
  i just think it is a good idea from germany and wanted to comment it with a michael scott gif . 
   a weaker euro , falling raw material costs and other seasonal tailwinds accounted for about one-third of the operating apparently a part of luck was involved .
