  are they rioting while chanting allahu akbar or not ? 
  you are so full of shit , that 's incredible . 
  stop pretending you do n't have an agenda . 
  i do n't care what excuse they have for doing that , it is unacceptable behavior and they are shitty people for doing it . 
  period . 
  continue painting me a racist for calling a cat a cat , it just makes you look like a fool . 
  you are doing it again . 
   i really wonder what agenda you are following to paint everyone disagreeing with you as a stormfront drone . 
  yes , it is indicative of the attitude toward religion of the people pictured in the video and this attitude is unhealthy to say the least . 
  because regardless of context i do n't think it is acceptable . 
  you have the right to think it is but stop insulting everyone disagreeing with you . 
   its the same thing they say in mosque while praying . 
  yeah i know and that 's the problem to me , it should stay in the mosque . 
  if i saw people rioting while singing christian prayers i would think they are religions nuts too . 
  insulting people disagreeing with you of racist does not make you more right , you know . 
   the video is n't indicative of anything at all to anyone with a shred of integrity rioting while shouting `` god is great ''  indicative of nothing at all . 
  you are hilarious . 
  come on ... as if the guys on the video were going around chanting `` godamnit godamnit godamnit '' . 
  if they follow due process and immigrate legally there is nothing to say they have every right to be there . 
  makes total sense : `` hey honey , we are in danger , the regime will kill us at any time so i will take a boat to europe where i will be pretty safe , settle there , find a job , an appartment and during this time i will just leave you here with the children within easy reach of the regime for some undefinite time that could be years . 
  i think it is by far the safest plan , right ? 
  you are deflecting my question . 
  that illegal immigrants most of the time are not coming here with fraternity in mind . 
  the examples are plenty and it seems most people still get stuck in a irrational `` but we should help everybody we are all humans '' , sure we are except keeping this attitude with someone that only means you harm is completly retarded . 
  i remember talking with a morroccan guy one day and he summed it up pretty well `` i do n't understand why you european take all these people , they hate you with all their guts and you offer them lodgings , food and everything as if they were family '' . 
  that 's what i am asking . 
  the situation has nothing to do with religion , yet they feel like they need to chant it while wrecking stuff . 
  what the fuck this has to do with anything , indeed . 
  you are the one using strawmen here . 
  maybe you are the one that can not be logically argued with . 
  can you confidently say that you keep your mind as open to others arguments than you would like them to be to yours ? 
  if not you are part of why the discussion fails . 
  ah yes , the good old strawman argument . 
  really makes it easier winning internet debates , right ? 
  i wonder how long people like you will keep denying the obvious . 
  you now understand that most of them are not at all in danger and are just here for the money . 
   can you provide some context ? 
  a riot of some kind ? 
  where ? 
  why ? 
  come illegally to a country that never asked you to come and do n't want you to  get rejected because you are an illegal  riot because the country rejected you while shouting allahu akbar to show them they are really missing out by not letting you enter and settle on their lands  ?? 
  oh yeah the magic invisible hand hardcore capitalists believe in . 
  the one that fixes any problem , it 's easy you just have to deregulate everything !, 
  really ? 
  price reducing produces come by nature from countries with low regulations in terms of what can be grown and how . 
  france is not really among them . 
  it mainly stems from being fed up with the us treating their partners like shit ( nsa spying etc. . . ) . 
  you ca n't blame people for wondering if the grass would be greener elsewhere to be honest . 
   a copy of `` the origin of species '' darwin 's is a pretty controversial theory in the us , you should take care of what you say . 
  it is a well proven fact that jesus created the world in 1776 . 
  did the professor give him 100 $ while all the other students clapped and cheered ? 
  no , it is not recognized as being part of russia in france . 
  voicing support for putin and disdain for obama is not an illegal opinion . 
  it may be considered a jerk opinion or whatnot but that 's all . 
  why did you get the idea that something should be done though , that 's what i was asking . 
  no , not sarkozy . 
  reminds me of this http://i.imgur.com/ojpvcqb.gif, 
  he is a member of senate and no there wo n't be any repercussions . 
  why would there be ? 
  are n't people entitled to their opinions in your country ? 
  why should there be repercussions ? 
  guy is a known russophile , i do n't see why we should persecute him for it , it is his opinion and he has a right to it . 
  i think that 's what they want . 
  they do n't care about dying , they want `` the forces of rome '' to shred them to pieces so as to trigger the apocalypse ( according to ancient prophecies they are following ) . 
  batman does n't give a fuck about your glasses apparently . 
  obama could have said something like `` as a us president it is not my business telling uk what it should do or not '' . 
  is it normal vacations or the famous russian vacations where you bring your ak and plate carrier ? 
   any part of the quran or hadith that talks of violence against them are probably with respect to war time or maybe they do n't have the same definition of what is a wartime . 
  we do n't necessarily think we are at war with islam but we can not ignore that a part of them definitly think they are at war with us or christianity in general . 
  mate , the only reason the sentence `` remove-kebab '' even exists is because the ottoman empire was the only non-christian power powerful enough to not only challenge but invade and occupy european nations . 
  you should take `` remove-kebab '' as a tribute to your history honestly , even if that is not the way the people using this sentence understand it , it still definitly is . 
   resist the categories . 
  defend the rights of christians from persecution , but do so because they are human beings whose rights should be protected , not because they are ` our side ' . 
  if they had been buddhist there would have been the same reactions . 
  it just seems to me that `` islam + majority = oppression of anyone not muslim '' is a pretty common occurance while the opposite is just not true . 
  you do n't have any unit equipped for these situations ? 
  or because they book told them to do so ? 
  if the christian refugees had been the majority do you really think it would have happened ? 
  i am all for leaving the muslims alone if they do n't annoy anybody but yes islam tends to create situations like that as soon as they are a majority in any given group you got to look at the reality . 
  to say `` no this has nothing to do with religion , they are just assholes '' is just denying reality . 
  i thought muslim hatred was the cause for israeli actions . 
  funny how people claiming to be anti-racists are always the ones calling for more censorship . 
  around lyon we got [ st marcellin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint-marcellin ) which is a pretty small round slightly runny cow cheese . 
  it is often eaten hot in salads but really it can be eaten the way you want . 
  in picardy where i come from we got [ maroilles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maroilles_cheese ) it is square , orange and it stinks a bit . 
  it has quite a lot of taste . 
  the best use for it to me is to cook it as a [ tarte au maroilles ] ( http://www.laetidelices.fr/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/tarte-au-maroilles.png ) . 
  damn why did we not think of that before . 
  you should have paid it in credit and default . 
  `` humm she is romanian , she is attractive , surely she is a prostitute , right . 
  no way i am wrong on this one ! '', 
  good job holiday inn ... good job ... 
  i hope the person responsible for this loses its job . 
  it is really shameful . 
   `` woah , that does n't sound like allahu akbar '' hahaha i really laughed on this one . 
  yeah . 
  i had a girl called nurg\u00fcl in my class in high school , pretty girl with freckles and auburn hairs . 
  she liked to read poetry in turkish and i remember it sounded pretty cool but a bit weird at the same time , much less harsh than other languages from the area . 
  is it any reason that the guys in the ambassador 's march are pictured that white ? 
  i mean people in the south of france have darker skins than that so it is a bit surprising .
