  i do n't speak any swedish , can you make me a little sum up ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's called a false dilemma . 
  he forces the debate into a ridiculous `` if you are not pro-immigration , you are just being an hypocrite populist who wants people to drown '' . 
  it allows to short-circuit legitimate arguments against immigration . 
  it is a very old way to force an agenda on someone who does not want it . 
  nothing new here . 
  funny thing is it looks like it works here . 
  pro tip : sign a deal with a stable african country  rescue immigrants  drop them there instead of dropping them in europe  problem solved . 
   do you understand democracy ? 
  during his term , he 's free to do as he pleases . 
  if the electors are dissatisfied they can vote him out in the next election . 
  so the opposite of democracy , then ? 
  it just sounds like you are talking about a temporary elected king here . 
  he is not leader of his voters though , he is leader of italy as a whole and his decisions will affect all italy . 
  they already do so for the most part so they will probably keep doing that . 
  this is not a big stretch . 
  even when far right disagrees with lgbt , in our countries they mostly just demonstrate peacefully like the opposition to gay marriage did when the gay marriage bill was being passed in france . 
  it is not about what they did for gay people . 
  it is about what they plan to do regarding immigration . 
  some gay people see a convergence of interests , this is nothing more complicated than that . 
  call them racists or cynical if you want but it is their opinion and invalidating it just because they are gay and you are gay so they should be the exact same as yours is not cool . 
  that 's exactly what i was pointing at . 
  you keep thinking because that 's what your life was , it is necessarily what their lives were . 
  every person has a different story . 
  if i understand well you joined a conservative party looking for approval and then you left them because you thought you would never be them no matter how hard you tried . 
  this is a sad story and i am sorry that happened to you but that is not necessarily what happened to every gay person not sharing your opinion . 
   i 'm not narrow minded , i have been there . 
  you only approve of him because he 's a gay guy parroting what you like to hear , i 've also been there . 
  and as soon as he stops parroting what you want to hear , suddenly he 'll stop having agency , and he 'll be just another narrow minded queer . 
  i do n't approve of him . 
  i am not a fn voter . 
  i just do n't invalidate him as a person just because of his sexual preferences and i cite because he is a good example of a gay person being at the decision level of a party not commonly associated with lgbt . 
  the thing is even if far right will sometimes be critical of openly gay people , foreigners coming from cultures where the man is expected to be tough and manly are much more likely to actually go ahead and attack openly gay people in public . 
  [ this study by the university of amsterdam ] ( http://www.uva.nl/en/about-the-uva/organisation/faculties/content/faculteit-der-maatschappij-en-gedragswetenschappen/shared-content/news/2008/11/obsession-with-manliness-leads-to-gay-bashing.html )  ** moroccans overrepresented : **  suspects of physical violence against gays are predominantly young men between the ages of 17 and 25 . 
  they are just as likely to be ethnic dutch as of moroccan descent ( both 36 % ) . 
  given the fact that 39 % of all amsterdam youth under the age of 25 are of dutch descent compared to 16 % of moroccan descent , moroccans are overrepresented as suspects of the type of violence in question . 
  most violent crimes ( 55 % ) are committed outside the typical places that attract homosexuals ( nightlife and gay meeting places ) . 
  in this regard some homosexuals do feel like immigration is a bad news for their lifestyle and make the decision of voting for anti-immigration parties as a result . 
  not necessarily to blend in like you did , but because they believe anti-immigration ideas and they are not brainwashed . 
  this is their opinions . 
  i am sure a part of them may share your unfortunate story but stop thinking that being homosexual and voting for the far right is incompatible unless you are being in denial , this is absolutly not true . 
   rohm was a top leader of nazi party too lol no he was not . 
  rohm never set any policy . 
  rohm was the leader of the sa which were the muscles of the party . 
  he had zero influence on the nazi party policies and ideologies . 
  you keep making false equivalences . 
   i understand their mentality , believe me . 
  how can i be narrow minded when i used to be them , but you never ? 
  that 's the difference ; i used to be him . 
  i understand how his mind works . 
  that 's where you are deluded . 
  he is a different person from you with different ideas and different reasons to act the way he does . 
  you are entitled to your opinion and he is too . 
  using your history to invalidate his opinion by saying `` i know he is mistaken , i used to be like him '' is narrow-minded . 
  i am not . 
  i am just laughing at you . 
  getting so low you have to use ad hominems to feel like you are right . 
  \\ #justxnicolexthings, 
  you do n't understand , he is number two of the party . 
  he is not parroting anything , he is actually part of the people choosing the party 's stances . 
  some even say that his influence on marine le pen is so great he is the one actually in charge in the fn . 
  he is not a doofus who does not understand that his party is against him . 
  he is a big part of the party ideology . 
  you may disagree with them and i know i do on a lot of things but presenting any gay conservative as a person who does not understand what they are doing is a bit narrow minded in my opinion . 
  did n't you know ? 
  palestinians magically inherit refugee status . 
  it 's a magic power only they have . 
  it 's like like civilization perks in civilization v. meaning that if we look at the total fertility rate of palestinians ( 4,1 child per woman ) one palestinian refugee couple in 1948 represents roughly 16 palestinian refugees after two generations . 
  this is the magic of palestinian statistics . 
  just wait fifty more years and we get our first billion of palestinian refugees . 
  depends on the countries i guess . 
  the number two of the fn is gay and everyone knows . 
  i do n't really imagine he would `` throw gay people in the chopper '' . 
  if people disagreeing with mass immigration are treated as nazis it is pretty obvious that you wo n't see many moderates . 
  does not mean there are many actual nazis , just that the criterias used to judge whether someone is a nazi or not are ridiculously wide . 
  my thought process is that turning the other cheek may work in the fantasy world but not in the real world . 
  i do n't think the migrants like us , i do n't think they care for our laws and i do n't think they are an economic asset . 
  i think they just imagine the roads here are paved with gold and that they will live the easy life here without having to change anything to the way they live . 
  demonstrating for solidarity with them is incredibly naive and sends the message that trampling all over us is totally okey because we will just counter that by being even more lenient and nice to them . 
  useful idiots, 
   westvleteren 12 is it really that good ? 
  never had a chance to taste it . 
  i used to live in picardy and we would often come to brussels to gorge ourselves on sweet sweet belgian beer . 
  i tasted the rochefort , the westmalle , the chimay , the orval , the karmeliet , the kwak and the kasteel . 
  i am not doing too bad !, 
  to be honest belgian beer is by far my favorite . 
  no they wo n't ? 
  i mean i am not a nra person but i do n't really see your logic here . 
  same here , spent my erasmus there years ago and i still love the city today . 
  star-shaped fortresses are more a renaissance thing , the very first appeared in the 15th century . 
  franquin ? 
  french goscinny ? 
  french peyo ? 
  i love asian digital reconstitutions . 
   they are a net gain for our society http://gfycat.com/massivegraciousauklet look i am not against a small number of migrants getting into europe but it is clearly charity from us , it is a net loss pretty much all the time . 
  typical sea shepherd bullshit . 
  these animals are not in danger at all and you hunt them for food . 
  fuck these guys . 
  illegal guns cost more it 's only logical .
