cite me one war with no civilian casualties . 
  i do n't understand why everyone is mentioning civilian casualties like they are privy to a secret or something . 
  every single conflict in history had civilian casualties , there is nothing special or secret about that . 
  of course it is sad and of course sensible armies have to do their best to avoid them whenever possible but there will be civilian casualties , that 's a given as soon as you talk about any military action whatsoever that is not the australian emu war . 
  funny that you linking jezebel actually reinforces the stereotype . 
  french army never communicates on what it does . 
   and how is praying on the street a provocation ? 
  unless they are praying specific dangerous verses i do n't see how it effects you , you need to mind your business . 
  maybe because it effectively blocks traffic which is illegal ? 
  street prayers are just a way to say `` fuck you we do what the fuck we want this is our street '' . 
  not completly illogical though . 
  the fn never talks about jews , their main scope is clearly on islam and i understand that jews victims of antisemitic attacks from some muslims may be tempted by a fn vote . 
  what is sad really is mainly that some muslims think it is a good idea to import the israel vs palestine conflict in europe . 
  would we want to live in a world without alcoholism ? 
  `` racaille '' is a derogatory term that means `` hoodlum delinquant '' . 
  so true , drug related murders are so much fun !, 
  may not be a good idea to do so while the anti-terrorist dispositive is at its maximum level . 
  [ the best source there is ] ( https://youtu.be/-6vlp07zepy?t=3m37s ), 
  french of corsican origin . 
  people generally think me either an italian or a lightly skinned arab . 
  loved this series in / r/photoshopbattles , are they still creating some ? 
  too simplistic . 
  there are islamist fanatics fighting isis too ( good old al qaeda for example ) . 
  the fact that you are anti-isis does not necessarily means you are not an islamist looney . 
  fighting isis just means you do n't recognize ole bad daddy as the new caliph . 
  not too kind , it is just guilt and a need to show that they have nothing to do with nazism . 
  we know you guys have nothing to do with that , you can stop the retarded stuff now . 
  to be more specific i made blood analysis because i was feeling depressed and very tired during winter and my doctor noticed that i greatly lacked vitamin d ( thanks office job ) . 
  she prescibed me vitamin d pills and felt better within a couple of weeks . 
  i do not say it is the same thing for everyone but in my case it was as simple as `` lack of vitamin d  add vitamin d '' . 
  the cure stays the same . 
  does not sell as much paper . 
  vitamin d is available in pretty much every pharmacy and does a great job at curing that : one pill every two weeks for two months during winter and you are good to go again . 
  source : i am a guy with mediterranean skin living in the north of france for most of my life . 
  i pay 2 $ for my phone bill and 34 $ of car insurance a month . 
  damn . 
  it totally works . 
  a friend of mine just moved back to lyon after years in south america , he brought back his columbian wife with him who barely speaks french and she is doing a mba here and the lessons are available in english . 
  if you live in a small town in the middle of nowhere sure . 
  if you live in a big city you can get by in english providing you are not being an ass about it . 
  pure provocation . 
  as i said i agree that by itself the peoples in the article mean nothing . 
  but we do have figures to put that into perspective and show that it is not an isolated 1 in 50.000 event , the major part of refugees go straight to germany and sweden , crossing several very safe countries in the process . 
  you want the figures on how many migrants are in germany and sweden as compared to eastern europe ? 
  the guys in the article are nothing by themselves , except the figures show this is a very general trend . 
  you are just trying to find poor excuses . 
  if they had relatives in sweden there is a procedure that works well , same for medical treatment , what medical treatment exists in sweden that does not exist in germany ? 
  seriously i think even you do n't believe in what you are saying . 
  this is just too far-fetched to be honest . 
  they make 4500km for social benefits , it is not a generalization . 
  why do you think they are all in germany or sweden and not in hungary or romania ? 
  how do you apply for danish citizenship as a french person ? 
  i do n't mind learning new languages and i will gladly participate in your raids against english coasts . 
  they arrived in germany and expected handouts and blowjobs . 
  they did not get them and now think sweden is where handouts and blowjobs are . 
  in my experience black guys generally prefer the fat ones . 
  and also denounce the european self loathing . 
  yes , we welcome refugees and we are decent people for it but having hesitations about hundreds of thousands of people from very different backgrounds coming over is okey . 
  no , it just means we should take refugees but we should also stop pretending europe is the worst and that europeans are racist because they ask questions while taking refugees . 
  hesitating and wondering about the future of our countries is okey and that does not make anyone a racist ( some people are genuinely racist but it is not the majority ) . 
  love it . 
  it 's very bloody and fighting like and shouting it in an angry way is the way to go . 
  yeah the immigration threads are a bit out of control at the moment . 
  to be fair it is the big issue of the time . 
  ever tasted horse ? 
  i love myself a good horse tartare . 
  they had the full support of our railroad company at the time , not so much anymore !, 
  needs more nudity though . 
  needs more big black cock . 
  [ `` purge it in flames '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mcmjjiwtlk ), 
  [ let 's add a soundtrack to this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arzoir24omc ), 
  are they completly stupid ? 
  if i were a corrupt elected official in romania right now i would make sure i behaved for the time being . 
  why would you take bribes knowing people are riled up about corruption and just waiting for you to slip . 
  because in europe if we care about the future of our countries we are selfish racists . 
  i thought you were saying it was a one time thing , my bad if that was not what you meant . 
  yeah it is just a `` for now '' quota . 
  before shitting on israel please remember that israel has a population is of 8m people . 
  even if they did take some refugees the number they would take would be minimal . 
  proper spelling would be `` sale boche '' actually . 
  you are not far off though . 
  `` boche '' would be enough though , like `` kraut '' it is supposed to be derogatory . 
  adding `` sale '' to it just sounds a bit redundant . 
  so next year we tell them to fuck off and fight isis and bachar with stones ? 
  i can pretty much guarantee that it will be yearly thing . 
  i 'd be willing to bet 20 $ on the fact that there will be more refugees next year and that they will be dealt with in the same way . 
  no , what i say is that we are already doing approximatively 800.000 times better than saudi arabia and that insulting each other of being racists is completly retarded and counter-productive . 
  the refugees do n't want to go to eastern europe , they just do n't . 
  what are you going to do germany ? 
  fill trains of refugees and send them in eastern europe ? 
  and then how are you going to make sure they do n't go back to germany immediatly afterwards ? 
  if we could force them to stay in a certain country that would mean we could prevent from entering in the first place , which ca n't . 
  sure , refugee hosting ue is selfish and xenophobic . 
  and what does that make saudi arabia and their record number of zero refugee welcomed ? 
  where was merkel when greece and italy were dealing with the worst of the crisis ? 
  she did not give a fuck then . 
  i think what they want is to fix the problem at the source . 
  if you have a hole in the hull of your ship , dealing with the water that entered it is a good idea but fixing the hole is an even better idea because then the water becomes much less of a big problem . 
  that being said , france does and will host refugees . 
  french people are generally pretty pro-war , have been for years .
