  i would add `` la grande vadrouille '' / `` do n't look now ... we 're being shot at ! '', 
  ( us title ) which is one of the cult and probably it 's most well known one in france ( even though most of his films are pretty well known here ) . 
  i you have n't seen him it is the story of him and another unsuspecting frenchman ( played by bourvil ) who suddenly find themselves entrusted with the responsability of the life of two downed english pilots during the second world war . 
  it is pretty awesome . 
  it is indeed . 
  this particular one is rabbi jacob where he plays an antisemitic ceo that has to impersonate a rabbi to hide from criminals looking for him . 
  it 's called `` the mad adventures of rabbi jacob '' in english . 
  in other words they would have been at home in the [ ss dirlewanger division ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/36th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss ), 
  huh , no it did not . 
  ca n't we just keep giving electronic handjobs to the heroes of the day and not dwell on whether the legion of honour is given to show business people or not or if it has been abused in the 1880 / is still being abused today ? 
  ca n't we just stop seeing the negative part of everything ? 
  that 's really something i hate in french people , in any positive event we always have to scratch the surface to see if there is any little negative aspect that we could promote instead . 
  we know the legion is honour is often abused , let 's just rejoice that this time it is 100 % deserved and that 's all . 
  not everyone wants to go on tv and have their name in the medias . 
  if i were him i would do the exact same thing . 
  one of your nationals is getting the legion of honour in france today also !, 
  https://videopress.com/v/1swfbqmp technically it did not happen in your country but i think it is relevant . 
  you can give benefits to your population without extending them to any refugee that comes illegally . 
  knights were nobility , they paid for their own upkeep . 
  we did not colonize anyone , we were merely `` spreading civilization '' . 
  more seriously i never think about it . 
  in one hand i think it was wrong on many levels to do it . 
  on the other hand i am not sure france would have the position it has today if it had not done this . 
  i also think it has to be put back in the context of the time , they did see the natives as barbarians in dire need of our shiny civilization . 
  we now know that it was terribly wrong but at the time it was not really seen this way . 
  i feel no shame or pride towards it . 
  these are events of the past and i had no influence on them whatsoever . 
  it somehow manages to be more retarded than the two french degenerates ' versions . 
  come on , it is clearly an abuse of the laws in question . 
  they sink their own ships on purpose . 
  cycling culture in france is summed as such : `` alcoholics cheering junkies on bikes . '', 
  in calais some of the locals hunt and mug the migrants to steal them their money . 
  they know the migrants wo n't ever turn to the police so there is no risk at all . 
  i know a guy in calais who has racist friends who do that from time to time when they need some money . 
  they drive around with baseball bats and when they spot one or two isolated migrants they beat them up and take all the money they have on them . 
  the hospitals in calais are full of migrants that have been injured this way . 
  as much as i dislike the migrants i just want them either given refugee status if they truly are in deadly danger in their country or sent back to their countries if they are n't but exploiting them is just scummy . 
  it is a controversial topic . 
  normal and sane people call it `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  some other lesser french people insist on calling them chocolatine or petit pain but in their heart they know they are degenerates . 
  `` oups sorry mate , i did not expect to find balls on someone who was trying to shoot unarmed people with an assault rifle . '', 
  it is actually a good thing they did not . 
  you can not interrogate a dead man . 
  which state is it ? 
  i visited the sonoma valley a few years and i thought their white wines were pretty good but was not really impressed by the reds i tasted . 
  ca n't really give any advice on these cities . 
  when you know for sure do n't hesitate to post on / r/france , it is full of good advices and it is a bilingual subreddit . 
  as someone who does not really enjoy driving i certainly empathize . 
  i feel like the italians can be given a pass providing how much they helped the allied . 
  i think italy should be made `` honorary allies '' for their participation in the destruction of nazi germany . 
  italy was the allies ' double agent . 
  they are controlled , not illegal . 
  you have to be a licensed hunter or shooter and fill some conditions but having a legal firearm in france is nothing impossible . 
  we do n't have much of a gun culture though so the huge majority people are not interested enough to do the paperwork and fill the requirements so we do n't have many people with firearms in the cities . 
  in rural france though hunting weapons are pretty common . 
  according to some studies france is pretty high in the list of countries where the population owns the most firearms . 
  apparently we would be the second most armed nation in ue . 
   is n't the ak outdated by today 's standards ? 
  depends which ak . 
  ak is pretty much just the brand , they manufacture a big array of guns . 
  ak47 is pretty outdated but the later ak74 series is extensively used in ukraine as we speak and they are great weapons . 
  a pack of thin cigarettes then . 
  no it is n't . 
  deal with it you heretic piece of shit . 
  mate , do n't ever name the french-piece-of-pastry-containing-chocolate . 
  it is a highly controversial topic . 
  in france we have a [ police unit called `` suret\u00e9 ferroviaire '' ] ( http://www.infonormandie.com/photo/art/grande/8138877-12698178.jpg?v=1439535076 ) which mission is to patrol the stations and the trains . 
  they have the same training and equipment than standard uniformed police and they are armed . 
  cool , where are you moving in france ? 
  the funniest way to annoy romanians in my experience is to mix budapest and bucharest , so how was your drive to bucharest ? 
  hey me too !, 
  i always buy black socks so when i lose one i can match the remaining one with another from another pair . 
  my girlfriend talked me into buying a couple of grey socks recently but i will make sure they remain a minority . 
  apparently you tried to tear down a quran and throw the pages in the toilets earlier today . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you mate ? 
  calais is part syria , part sarkozy 's personal crusade in lybia . 
  napoleon never was a corporal . 
  before becoming consul then emperor he was an artillery officer , then `` general in chief of the army of italy '' . 
  `` the little corporal '' was just a surname given by the troop symbolizing the fact they felt really close to him despite him being a general . 
  he is implying that your birth is greece 's proudest moment for lack of anything better . 
  yeah i know this is pretty cool . 
  as long as you guys will be neutral , you will never get to know german swagg in your country . 
  yeah thought about him too . 
  he is dutch right ? 
  i delete my reddit account every few months and then i go to wiktionary and hit `` random : all languages '' until i find something i like and create a new one . 
  it makes me discover different languages . 
  stole a bottle in a nightclub once but i do n't remember if it tasted any good . 
  got thrown out by the bouncer because i was drinking it from the bottle on the dancefloor . 
  love it too . 
  german uniforms were so impeccable and well cut . 
  i chose a recent event . 
  there are a lot of awesome french moments in history . 
  the face of rumsfeld is priceless . 
  in france russian women have the reputation to be beautiful but cold and very interested in money . 
  dunno if the reputation has any truth to it but i love french women as they are . 
  recently , villepin 's speech at the un saying france would not participate in the second iraq war . 
  excerpts :  no one can assert today that the path of war will be shorter than that of the inspections . 
  no one can claim either that it might lead to a safer , more just and more stable world . 
  for war is always the sanction of failure . 
  would this be our sole recourse in the face of the many challenges at this time ?
