  it was the reason for the paris attacks . 
  french army has an habit of keeping their operations low profile , it is not usual in a lot of countries but we are used to it in france . 
  i would like to disagree . 
  germany lost 2-0 . 
  do n't think we forgot that because of the events that followed the game , germany . 
  i disagree . 
  in my opinion it is the moment when we need to speak about civil liberties . 
  it 's widespread news in france . 
  nothing secret about any of that . 
  they were outside of the venue at the moment it happened so they are safe it seems . 
  the us and china are to thank as well for that . 
  gendarmerie is a branch of our military , they are not paramilitary . 
  also the arm\u00e9e de terre is not going to do the police job anytime soon . 
  please read the article carefully before commenting . 
  after a long day of work i would gladly have a media massage , whatever it is . 
  manuel valls is born in barcelona , if catalonia secedes catalonia will be his parents ' home country . 
  italy for food . 
  czech republic for guns . 
  fuckin ' traitors sided with the rosbifs during the hundread years war . 
  never forget . 
  there are not many resources concerning eu funding programmes , it is often pretty obscure , with shitty websites that are rarely updated etc. . . 
  the main issue is that a lot of these programmes are managed by regional authorities appointed by the commission . 
  some of these authorities are serious and make a pretty good job at informing the people in their area and some are just shit and do n't really seem to give a fuck for some reason . 
  i recommand europa.eu for general information on how shit works as it is a centralized thing created by the commission . 
  http://europa.eu/about-eu/funding-grants/ from there you should be able to find at least what is available . 
  depending on what project you want to create you generally have the choice between fundings that are limited to a specific field but can cover the whole eu from a geographic point of view ( and sometimes specific non-eu partners ) or more general funding programmes but that are limited geographically . 
  depending on what you want to do or where you partners are one may be better than the other . 
  i totally agree with you , make no mistake . 
  total integration is impossible therefore drug dealing , terrorism and arsons ? 
  i understand you do n't excuse his actions but it was still a conscious choice he made to go this way , other choices were open to him and he discarded them . 
  no one made him crazy but himself . 
  not a single person in france has ever been forced to eat pork or become a christian or an atheist , not a single one . 
  what is asked of them is just `` do n't be an asshole and be somewhat sensitive about other religions / philosophies '' . 
  that 's the single thing that is asked , if some people ca n't deliver that then fuck them honestly . 
  yeah , no . 
  a lot of children of immigrants make it brilliantly through life . 
  there is just some that think they should be handed out everything . 
  i grew up next to a neighborhood such as the one you see in la haine and i went to same schools as kids from these neighborhoods . 
  most of them were decent kids who showed up in school and tried to do something with their lives , most of these ones ended up having stable jobs . 
  some of them only went to school to sell weed or to bully other kids for lunch money . 
  i let you guess which ones are now 27 years old , with all kinds of criminal record and burn cars while whining that france abandoned them . 
  could the situation in these neighborhood be improved ? 
  definitly . 
  it is still very doable to escape this life in this country providing you are interested in your own future . 
  i am really tired of this bullshit culture of the excuse . 
  school up to high school cost my family pretty much nothing and my master 's degree cost my exactly 400 $ a year in tuition ( so 2000 $ total over five years ) and poor people would not even have to pay that . 
  everything is always the others ' fault , never your own . 
  you burn cars as a hobby ? 
  it 's the fault of france . 
  you do n't go to school because smoking joints with your friends and playing fifa is more appealing to you ? 
  it 's the fault of france . 
  you behave like assholes in public transportation ? 
  it 's the fault of france . 
  fuck these guys . 
  migrants are clueless but they are still part of the problem . 
  the fact wealthy people enable them because of their greed is another part of it . 
  literally no one says that . 
  people are just saying that the migrant situation benefits big corporations and that , as usual , the worker gets screwed . 
  migrants are here because we let them in and we let them in because people with much more money and connections than you or i think it is a good deal for them in the long term . 
  the fact you are implying that people fearing that a massive influx of migrants may be bad for the man in the streets are racists is quite telling too . 
  when living in a country you need 6 months / 1 year top before speaking at least enough for an entry job . 
  i thought it was the politicians who keep taking retarded decisions against the interests of the people they are supposed to represent but apparently some guy spewing bullshit on reddit carries much more weight . 
  my bad !, 
  maybe i should give it another chance . 
  yeah , it could have been worded better i guess , they are shit . 
  okey !, 
  the guy sure has an interesting family history !, 
  does he speak some french ? 
  i am okey with their choice . 
  wait , germany has a minister called `` thomas de maizi\u00e8re '' ? 
  it 's the frenchest sounding name since `` pierre dupont '' . 
  the most recent ones are not terrific in my opinion . 
  asterix and the falling skies makes asterix fights alongside teletubbies shaped aliens against evil robots from space . 
  this one was actually cringy to read . 
  asterix and the picts was not terrible but was mediocre at best . 
  i read it two months ago and i remember nothing of the story except that it made me go `` meh '' . 
  because the kid is going to be bullied all his life as a result ? 
  absence of gender . 
  he was born with both playsets and feels neither male , nor female . 
  you inform me that intersex people are n't a new thing , i think everyone is aware of that . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i do n't really have time to translate everything but a man born with both sets of genitals has been recognized as belonging to no specific gender . 
  another common swedish stereotype is that swedish girls are hardcore feminists . 
  like borderline man-hating tumblr feminists . 
  wait , you are n't ? 
  god i love these games . 
  they are really awesome . 
  i am currently re-reading the books and they are great too . 
  this was a common stereotype during ww1 . 
  if i recall correctly it was because some german soldiers would spread feces on french people houses in occupied areas to humiliate them . 
  french people took the conclusion that germans were into that and french propaganda soon took that fact and made sure it was known all over france . 
  it was then carried as a germanophobic stereotype . 
  always heard that it was launched by returning us soldiers who did not seem to understand that french people had been lacking the most basic hygiene products for years because german army pretty much took everything . 
  dunno how true it is . 
  probably because of environmentalism and feminism which all are common german stereotypes . 
  to be honest paris does not smell like chanel 5 either . 
  i think it is common to most capital cities . 
   nothing to hide , nothing to fear . 
  please tell me you are kidding . 
   eu people not in charge of ttip : `` that 's precisely the problem '',
