  it was a professional trip , i probably would not have come for leisure . 
   i thought the story of yarmouth was really sad , it used to be a pretty successful fishing city back in the time but apparently the fish just went and disappeared and it kind of failed to adapt and now the once nice seafront is full of shitty arcades and overweight chavs . 
  visited great yarmouth . 
  it 's pretty cool if you like unemployment and jackpot machines . 
  i really like seeing all these people pretending they got a nice flat in paris for 600 $ . 
  i know , i am currently getting an interest on the poland-lithuania commonwealth when poland was kicking serious amount of asses . 
  `` you 've come to the wrong neighborhood bitch . '', 
  i really want to visit eastern european countries , romania and poland sound like really great places to me . 
  pint of piss quality beer in a shitty caf\u00e9 : 15 $ unsanitary flat with common toilets : 1200 $ / month living in paris so you can feel superior about something : priceless, 
  france bought it from genoa , than had to conquer it because the corsicans were not happy with that . 
  everything will be public when it has been voted and can no longer be challenged you mean ? 
  captain haddock is the man . 
  so many possibilities !, 
  `` putain de bordel de merde d'encul\u00e9 de sa race maudite '' ? 
  i assume you do n't often play online . 
  french travelling people often say `` mange tes morts '' which means `` eat you dead relatives '' . 
  til a lot of bulgarians play online . 
  `` merde '' and `` putain '' i would say . 
  `` putain de merde '' is also a thing . 
  some did , some fought us . 
  it was a complicated conflict to say the least . 
  they sure will . 
  polar bears are known not to discriminate on religion or skin colour . 
   what 's with the random italian translation ? 
  it 's a tribute to the most beloved moderator of / r/europe . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  you can look up the numbers : manpower , equipment , economy whatever figure you take , none is in favor of russia . 
  period . 
  you are just trying to disguise your spinelessness as pragmatism but you are not fooling anyone . 
  \u044f \u043e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043b\u044e\u0431\u043b\u044e \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u044f\u0437\u044b\u043a * mi piace molto la lingua russa * edit : russian language mistake, 
  and by strawmaning the people who actually do care also apparently . 
  the first protesters were far left useful idiots if i recall correctly . 
  funny how for the most part they do n't realize that this is the uk asking france to block them out . 
  france is the bad guy preventing them to cross , uk is a paradise that is just waiting to welcome them with open arms . 
  i was not planning to sleep this week anyway . 
  ok guys , i know [ who did it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0arkulskbdu ), 
  there wo n't be any war for the mh17 do n't be dumb . 
  you are not being pragmatic , being pragmatic would be recognizing that russia is in a position of weakness on the mh17 and that they bark loudly because they know they are . 
  russian governments are known for barking a lot and playing the intimidation game , they do that to get russian people behind the patriotic argument and to try and make other countries buckle but they do n't have the bite to match their bark and they wo n't go to war against half the world ( including nuclear countries ) because the netherlands ask for investigation on the murder of 300 of its people . 
  how are they whining pussies ? 
  damn , we really should have delivered those mistrals , they would have scuttled them over some petty issue by now and we would have had the money . 
  they never said it would be too expensive to my knowledge . 
  it is just that the concept of `` boots on the ground '' generally ends up with western armies being seen as invaders occupying the country and this is counter productive . 
  helping the forces already on the ground deal with it avoids that to a point . 
  haha, 
  oh , sorry i did not get it without the proper language skills . 
  retarded `` we are all human beings '' rhetoric . 
  they think the solution is that we should have no culture so we can welcome everyone better . 
  not if two of these things are contradictory . 
  saying `` i am swedish '' implies that you feel a kinship with swedish culture and values and they are pretty far from those of isis . 
  i think romanian people going to study in the west are their best ambassadors . 
  all the romanians i met were super cool people and most of the girls were legit gorgeous, 
  paris : haughty assholes who think everyone in france is a peasant that dreams to live in paris . 
  marseille : gang wars , mafia , corrupt police and politicians . 
  despite all that they still manage to be obnoxiously proud of their city for some reason . 
  alsace : french people pretending to be german or german people pretending to be french , no one is really sure . 
  north / picardy : alchoholics and unemployed people shagging their own family . 
  they also have the reputation of being welcoming even if slightly retarded . 
  brittany : they are all sailors and fishermen ( formerly corsairs and slave traders ) . 
  they want to get to be their own country and like to wreck shit up when the occupying french government is trying to oppress them . 
  corsican / basque : fiercely independentists . 
  they all have firearms but would rather kill you by scowling at you if you piss them off . 
  bordeaux / lyon : sophisticated bourgeois . 
  center : does anyone actually live there ? 
  baguette is not bland if it is good . 
  when i would go buy some baguette for the next meal i would always eat half of one on the way back because i just could not help it . 
  concerning frederic miterrand it is a bit more complicated . 
  he says the book in which he said that is a `` novelized '' autobiography . 
  the quote is from a chapter where he is in thailand ( a country where he used to go in real life ) . 
  he defended himself saying that the `` young boys '' he was referring to were in fact 20 something boys that were poor students prostituting themselves and he admits he used their services occasionally . 
  this is shaky at best , no one would ever refer to a 20 something person as a `` young boy '' honestly . 
  yeah . 
  in france politicians publicly confess to having had relationships with children and no one even seems to care , once again we win uk !, 
  daniel cohn-bendit ( european parliament member ) :  it happened to me several times , children opening my pants zipper and start tickling me . 
  i reacted in various ways according to the circumstances , but their desire was a problem to me . 
  i asked them : `` why do n't you play together , why have you chosen me and not other children ? '' . 
  but if they insisted , i caressed them anyway . 
  jack lang ( ex-minister of culture , ex-minister of education , ex-mayor , ex-parliament member ) :  juvenile sexuality is still a forbidden continent , it is up to explorers of the 21th century to land on its borders . 
  fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric mitterrand ( ex-minister of culture ) :  all these rituals of ephebes festival , of slave market make me very horny . 
  the lighting is ugly , the music is nerve wracking , the shows are sinisters and we could judge that such a display , awful from a morale point of view , is also of a repulsive vulgarity . 
  but i like it more than is reasonable . 
  the profusion of very attractive young boys , and available immediatly , puts me in a state of desire i do not need to hide or restrain anymore . 
  money and sex , i am in the heart of my system . 
  i think the german issues with the g36 were mainly related to hot climates . 
  i do n't think the baltics has hot african climates . 
  also they fixed that if i recall correctly . 
  they do call for us when they are in trouble though . 
  also it is now a known fact thanks to wikleaks the dgse basically created the resistance . 
   ok , 400,000 protested against , millions were against . 
  their petition got 700 000 signatures total . 
  that is not `` millions '' . 
  if you ca n't even be bothered to sign a petition against it then you are not really against something . 
  `` repos dominical '' is an expression . 
  i would use it and i am not religious at all ... you ca n't use that to say `` french people are so religious omg '' . 
  no they are not . 
   for the mariage , needless to say millions of french protested against . . around 400 000 people actually . 
   but the sunday thing is worst : when trying to open shops the sunday , `` lawmakers '' said that it still would be an obligation to take a day off in a week ( from mon to sat ) , for worker 's right , etc. 
  senators disagree , so did the people , because it had to be sunday , because it 's the christian day off . 
  religious people are always listened to when passing laws , where they should n't be at all .
