  i am sure the fact the number two of the front national has been outed by a french tabloid greatly helped too . 
  yeah , probably djihadist wanabees who want a little piece of the fame . 
  i hope these losers are caught , even though i fear this kind of random action may be hard to investigate . 
  yeah they should have tried tickling him down . 
  yep . 
  my girlfriend 's screensaver at work today http://i.imgur.com/xjykah0.png, 
  `` red , white and blue panel manufacturer based in london arrested at his residence in link with paris attack . '', 
  also plane crashes are sort of an expected thing . 
  i do n't mean by that that it is normal or not tragic but people are sort of used to the fact that sometimes planes crash . 
  gunmen mowing down people for fun in the streets of an industrialized country ? 
  not so much . 
  i do n't think people felt less for the grief of russian families but the way it happened was less shocking in a way because less unexpected . 
  if gunmen started mowing down people in the nightlife district of moscow on a friday i am sure there would be worldwide reactions too . 
  do n't worry , this time it 's the police taking the fight to the terrorists . 
  yeah , i feel like french police is currently spending its days kicking all the doors they always wanted to kick without having enough elements to get a warrant for them . 
  the dog was there to sniff for explosive . 
  she probably saved many human lives doing her job . 
  i generally understand that as the leader in any criminal enterprise . 
  they are promised an eternity of sex with me if they die a martyr . 
  [ s&w shield ] ( http://guns.wikia.com/wiki/smith_%26_wesson_m%26p_shield ) , a popular handgun for ccw . 
   true , but that 's another matter entirely , and i fully disagree with disallowing ccw in those situations . 
  even if it was allowed i do n't imagine myself carrying in the middle of a mosh pit , even with a good holster . 
  it 's just that brits have the reputation of loving bets and your comment seemed too stereotypical to be true . 
  reassuring people is nice and it certainly is useful but only the long term will tell us whether his handling of this crisis is actually good . 
  you still see what you want to see in my comments and deliberately twisting them . 
  i think you are just here to troll and get a reaction out of me . 
  good luck with that . 
  with your flair i am wondering if you are serious or not . 
  hollande is great at crisis management and i mean really great , he is good at reassuring people and gives away an image of levelheadedness . 
  he is mediocre at pretty much everything else , not overly bad but not really great either . 
  the cops from the bri used a ramses shield and long rifles to take down the fuckers , what difference do you think a shitty s&w shield would have done ? 
  also even in ccw countries public places such as concert venues generally do not allow carry so it would have made absolutly no difference . 
  i can totally relate . 
  i used to work in retail and i would blow myself up in crowded area regularly for stress relief too . 
   wait , what ? 
  that 's obviously not true , it is well known that the bulk of radicalisation and planning is done online . 
  radicalization , yeah . 
  planning , no i do n't think so . 
  you can not seriously plan something as precise as the operation we saw friday without meeting face to face . 
  technology is also always a liability . 
  planning stuff on the internet always runs the risk of the careful planning being intercepted . 
  the good ole `` meet in a place somewhere and plan with a map , some paper and a pen '' on the other hand ... 
  you are twisting my words again . 
  i suggest you read my comments again without trying to make them fit what you want to hear . 
   you responded to a comment that asked why the suspected jihadists are not imprisoned by security forces . 
  you said they are probably not dangerous , and it 's safe enough to keep them under house arrest . 
  huh , no i did not ? 
  i said they did not do anything that warranted an arrest yet ( and that a lot of them will probably never do ) and that house arrest was a temporary measure to make sure they did not act in the short term . 
  if you are reading what you want to read by twisting my comment , that 's your problem , not mine . 
   those 104 should be locked up until proven innocent , this is a pragmatic problem . 
  if they did not do anything yet on what ground are you going to lock them up ? 
  we are not in north korea . 
  best we can do is watch them until they slip and begin to show clear intentions of preparing something . 
  house arrest is al capone 's tax fraud . 
  if they breach it it will give police good cause to hammer them with the full extent of the law since they now did something forbidden by law . 
  police is pretty much hoping they will not respect them . 
  what excuses am i making ? 
  i am just saying police is using it 's exceptionnal rights to their full power , exercising caution by putting people linked to radical islam but who did not act on it so far in house arrest . 
  i have a hard time understanding your comment . 
  would you care to point me out toward these studies ? 
  i do n't mean that in a passive agressive way , i am simply interested . 
  yeah and maybe they are , maybe they are not . 
  maybe the police want them to believe they are not being watched because they think it will make them careless and lead them to their leaders . 
  if you thought about it the police thought about it too , we are just wankers chatting on internet , this thing is their job . 
  restrictive enough but not too much either . 
  basically if you are a law-abiding citizen you can get a hunting or leisure firearm pretty easily ( you need to have been part of an authorized shooting club for some time and shoot your weapon a few times a year at the range in order to get the authorization ) . 
  france is the 11th country in the world when it comes to arms possession with about 32 % of french people owning a firearm of sort ( legally ) and the 3rd in europe if i recall correctly . 
  soviet rpg-7 are dirt cheap and can be pretty much be bought in bulk in the balkans . 
  no need to take the risk of smuggling weapons into europe when there already are cheap weapons in europe leftovers from the balkan wars . 
  hard to plot anything when you are stuck in your house 24/7 . 
  these guys did nothing yet . 
  they are on house arrest because police thought they maybe might be up to something but most of them probably were just guys with radical views that had no intention of making an attack . 
  the french police right now have enormous powers thanks to the state of emergency so basically if they think there is 1 % chance you have any connection to djihad they can and will house arrest you . 
  they no longer need any solid ground to house arrest you so they sweep arrest anyone susceptible to have any ill intention . 
  does not mean most of them did . 
  they are not withdrawing money from the local bancomat you know . 
  they would have lots of untracable laundered cash lying around for this kind of spending . 
  i doubt they were only interested in weapons . 
  they also seized a lot of computers , phones etc. . . which will no doubt give away unvaluable intelligence . 
  would you start plotting for an attack if you were sure the police was monitoring everything you did and anyone you entered in contact with would be added to a list ? 
  arbitrary arrests are wrong . 
  but some situations are exceptional and that is why the state of emergency procedure exists . 
  for 12 days police get a big boost to their investigative powers so it can cripple the terrorist networks as much as they can . 
  after that it will be back to business and police gets back its usual powers limited by law . 
  in most democratic countries , search of residence need the approval of a judge prior to the search . 
  for that you have to convince the judge to sign the document and therefore take responsibility for the raid in question . 
  it means you do need some evidence to seach a private residence because without them you wo n't be able to convince the judge to sign the raid and take responsibility for it . 
  with the state of emergency the police can raid houses without the approval of a judge so they can basically raid anyone they wish for 12 days without having to justify themselves to anyone as to why they do it . 
  it allows them to raid houses they always wanted to raid without having enough elements to go through the normal procedure . 
  they have been left for so long because the police had no sufficient cause at the time to raid them . 
  now with the state of emergency the police has pretty much all power to raid anyone they want without any need for a cause so they are now free to raid anyone they suspect of having any link with radical islam no matter how tenuous or remote . 
  basically the hounds were chained by common law and procedures and the paris attacks unchained them through the state of emergency . 
  the state of emergency grants exceptional powers to french police over the whole territory for the time of its duration . 
  among them is house arrests for anyone suspected of endangering the country and the ability to raid residences without the control of a judge . 
  all these power are exerced under the authority of the regional `` pr\u00e9fets '' which are the local representatives of the centralized state in the regions . 
  the state of emergency in france may only last for 12 days . 
  after that the parliament needs to vote a law in order to keep it going for a set amount of time if it judges that the threat is still relevant . 
  more specifically they are a product of not fitting in your society . 
  except if belgian society teaches its kid to shoot unarmed people for fun that is , but from my trips to belgium it does not seem to be a widespread activity . 
  we have bombing them for some time now .
