  ideally rights should be invented by courts and be absolute , logical , universal and unimpeachable by any process , democratic or otherwise . 
  france of all places has many arbitrary laws . 
  really , please tell me more about how much ussr cared about the universal declaration of human rights ? 
  because it is in our constitution , therefore any laws passed in france must respect its principles . 
  are french laws perfect ? 
  no way , but france definitly fits the definition of a rechsstaat just like any liberal democracy . 
   actually no , you do n't have a right to decide who your neighbour is - you can will yourself that right and call it that but what is a `` right '' then becomes almost meaningless , and that 's no more civil than any other kind of violence , so if you 're not going to put up laws that recognize people 's humanity do n't expect humans to recognize your laws . 
  countries are not generally in any position to assess whether people outside its borders , so deporting them simply for being does not make sense . 
  who talked about deciding who my neighbor is ? 
  you are out of subject , thanks for trying though . 
  i talked about a country deciding who has the right to enter it or not . 
  if i go to the us without a visa because i do n't care about their laws and they tell me to fuck and get back to france i will totally get it because i have been an asshole to start with , it is exactly the same thing with them except instead of understanding that they are assholes they riot and wreck stuff up while chanting allahu akbar . 
  i have worked with muslims before and i never minded them but the ones i worked with were not wrecking stuff and chanting allahu akbar outside of the mosque . 
  they were french people like any other that respected the law and others . 
  we have laws and they are not unfair or arbitrary . 
  we have a right to decide who we want in or not and we do let in a lot of people legally , these people are willingly trampling our right to decide who should enter our country or not , it 's simple as that . 
  i do n't think the estonians who left ussr arrived in other countries brandishing ussr flags and chanting how they will impose communism on their new countries ? 
  these people do n't look like desperate people , they look like extremists chanting the name of their god before going in combat . 
  just coming here is a crime already and that does not stop them even though they know it is . 
  why should be treat them any other way than like criminals and more importantly why should we give them access while they obviously do n't care about our laws ? 
  there are thousands of people each year going through the bother of actually doing things the legal way , asking for a work visa and whatnot , why should we show any leniency to people who deemed under them to respect laws in place and enter illegally ? 
  these people have demonstrated their unwillingness to cooperate and submit to our laws the second they set foot in a foreign country illegally . 
  they are in a camp because they willingly broke our laws . 
  not the other way around . 
  because they see europeans as an enemy to conquer in the name of their god ? 
  i honestly do n't see why they would shout that in a non religion related event apart if they have this particular mindset . 
  and what about the racist , nationalistic and anti-intellectual masses of migrants such as the ones on the video ? 
  you are deluded if you think there will never be enough of them to cause deep harm , because there already are enough of them to cause deep harm in europe . 
  the crime statistics among newly immigrated people are pretty dire . 
  are they forced to shout allahu akbar in an event completly unrelated to religion ? 
  it certainly shows that they are in a `` us ( muslims ) vs them ( christians / europeans ) '' mindset that is not wanted here . 
  if they are not happy about the living conditions maybe they can get back where they come from ? 
  except the barbarians were within the borders of rome mainly because rome had extended its borders over their lands . 
  they keep shouting `` allah is great '' so yeah . 
  i think if you gave me the choice between having 10 % of nazis or 10 % of these guys in my country . 
  i think i would go with the nazis honestly and i really do n't like nazis . 
  there is no diphthong in french at all . 
  gutter journalism . 
  i am sure [ these guys ] ( http://www.ouest-france.fr/sites/default/files/styles/image-640x360/public/2013/09/27/corse.le-flnc-se-dit-pret-reprendre-les-armes.jpg?itok=jp-0vfrp ) wo n't mind . 
  yeah but it is not magic . 
  you only get unemployment if you have periods where you work . 
  if not you can fuck off . 
  we do have a safety net open to anyone that can not pretend to any other help but it is around 400 $ a month . 
  you are not going to live with this . 
  it is actually a pretty good [ laughing matter ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/military/comments/23sric/remember_guys_your_ptsd_isnt_as_bad_as_hers_s/ ) on / r/military so i guess they are therapeutic in a way . 
  this is not how ptsd works for fuck sake !, 
  if he served during the second world war he probably did not sing this song as it was originally a ss marching song added after the war to the legion repertoire . 
  he must be pretty famous if he has a statue . 
  generally it is youth from poor multi-cultural districts such as the one you see in [ `` la haine '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113247/ ) . 
  it is kind of a competition between districs from different cities , they see it as an act of rebellion but they are just burning the cars of the poor peoples living in their disctrict with them . 
  no , but it is a gesture of rebellion . 
  there you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ss_marschiert#french_foreign_legion, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df6penfuzok ), 
  more surveillance will generally result in less crimes and more criminals caught . 
  the problem is more what you are ready to sacrifice in terms of personal freedoms for that . 
  i think there is a balance to be found . 
  yeah i totally understand your feelings , i think anyone that is not a genocidal neo-nazi shares them , i just feel we have to better than him . 
  well , i think he should be treated like everyone just because contrary to him norway does not practice arbitrary justice . 
  if norway 's laws give this opportunity to convicts then so be it . 
  honestly , would n't we do that for any other royal family ? 
  i mean let 's imagine the english or belgian royal family came to vacations in the south of france , would n't we make special security arrangements to make sure they are safe during their trip ? 
  or it is just a joke pointing out the fact that i honestly do n't know what we are supposed to do with this information . 
  are we supposed to rejoice ? 
  are we supposed to insult him ? 
  to be shocked ? 
  not international laws . 
  good for him , i wish him success . 
  we really need to find a legal way to deal with these situations or this kind of initiative is going to get more and more frequent . 
  i am talking about the south of italy but calais also comes to mind . 
  these situations are blocked essentially for legal reasons that prevent states from acting without being heavily fined or whatnot . 
  i know we are not talking about illegal immigrants here but about refugees but the problem is linked . 
  as long as we have no way to deal with illegal immigrants , the anger of the local populations is going to fall on illegal immigrants and refugees both . 
  if there was not all these illegal aliens wrecking stuff up and being assholes , this situation would never have happened . 
  our countries really need to move their asses and build a working legal system to either detain or send back illegals as fast as possible so that refugees do n't get targeted by people angry at the illegals ' shenanigans . 
  at least our military stood firm against the unarmed hordes of conspirationnist hippies . 
  i do n't know honestly . 
  this will be an interesting election for sure : the right is not terribly credible with sarkozy trying to come back but still having a dozen judicial affairs following him and no other charismatic leader in sight that is not being investigated by the police for multiple affaires of corruption , the left is in shambles with record low approval ratings , the far right fn is somewhat popular among a part of the population but will never pass the second turn of the elections so honestly it is pretty hard to tell . 
  hollande is generally seen as weak and awkward in france . 
  most people seem to think he is merkel 's bitch . 
  our prime minister is manuel valls , he is more popular than hollande but to me he is dangerous as he tends to use antiterrorism as an excuse to pass laws restricting personal freedoms . 
  we are not talking about children outside or at school . 
  we are talking about children at home on the family computer . 
  you keep making false comparisons . 
  so to you parents are not responsible for the children they are raising ? 
  this has nothing to do with fraternity it is about personal responsibility stop trying to derail things . 
  i am not responsible for these children , their parents are . 
  you are just excusing poor parenting by putting the burden on others . 
  there is always the `` do n't let children go on internet unsupervised '' option which should be the norm really . 
  `` technophobic parents '' should know better than leave their 5 year old unsupervised on the internet . 
  as long as we do n't have any option to actually deport them or stop the ships without breaking dozens of international laws the problem will remain . 
  we need to create a legal frame for this kind of situation at a european level that 's all . 
  seems like it as they escaped without hurting anyone . 
  just wants some free advertising . 
  we should just ignore him to be honest . 
  what the hell is this title . 
  is it from the pravda or something ? 
  i really like romania and romanians , the roma not so much . 
  by `` rome '' they mean any western nation . 
  the us , france , germany etc. . . are all `` rome '' . 
  it is just a way to call every christian culture nation .
