  where has the fact it was the religious day off ever been cited ? 
  never heard of religion in this debate , it is always a rights of the workers thing . 
  last i checked he got refused the legitimate use of force claim . 
  self defense is a very narrow concept in france . 
  you have to defend yourself during the attack but if you shoot the guy while he is running after he attacked you it is not self defence as you no longer are in danger . 
  apparently that 's what happened unfortunatly . 
  in my opinion the mistake a lot of people do is visiting paris only . 
  paris is nice and should definitly be seen but france as a whole has so many other gorgeous places with a lot less scam and pickpockets . 
  more seriously i think most people in europe do n't want guns to be readily available . 
  i know that is something a lot of americans have trouble getting and that is okey ( despite everything we do have very different ways to think ) . 
  i think you are overestimating the power of religion in france a lot . 
  hey we can play airsoft without any license for your information . 
  hopefully it will pass . 
  * shepherd 's pie , that thing is brilliant . 
   i hate the people , who are so religious , close minded . 
  french people are religious ? 
  i have been living in france for thirty years and i could not cite you one person i know who sincerely believes in a higher power . 
  boy scouts are pretty much present in every christian country i know fyi . 
  when i hear `` are you proud of being < nationality  ? '', 
  i generally understand it as `` are you happy of being < nationality  ? '', 
  but maybe i am wrong . 
  that is a pretty nice outlook on things . 
  if by proud you mean `` are you happy to live in your country '' i would definitly say yes . 
  i love the habit we have of always striving for better food . 
  that is not snubbiness as a lot of people think , this is more of an epicurean thing . 
  this is not limited to french food either . 
  i just love tasting the best things , wherever it comes from . 
  give me a good `` trafilatura al bronzo '' pasta dish or a good hamburger with homemade buns and a big juicy steak and i will love it as well as the saut\u00e9ed veal with olives that my grandma was cooking me when i was young . 
  other than food i like the fact we have a nice safety net . 
  i think success or failure in life is about perseverance and hard work but also requires a great deal of luck and i am glad to pay high taxes if it means those down on their luck do not have to choose between treating their health problem or having a roof over their head . 
  on the world stage we no longer have the position we had at some points in history but i think we are doing pretty well for a country of our size and we managed to retain a good deal of influence which is alright . 
  on the other hand , our politicians and political life in general is shit and so is our tv . 
  honestly he is . 
  i think he is awkward as a moderator and too politically correct on the immigration / islamism topic but he is a pretty chill guy . 
  european has been created by stromfront people if i recall correctly . 
  it has always been a subreddit made by and for racist people . 
  found the picture , it 's from a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 of his it studies and the caption is `` dclauzel pr\u00e9sentant un brouillon de poster scientifique , juil . 
  which could be translated with `` dclauzel presenting a draft of scientific poster , july 2007 '' . 
  he is pointing at the poster behind him , not declaring his secret allegiance to isis on his online r\u00e9sum\u00e9 . 
  honestly i met dclauzel three or four times in / r/lyon irl meetups , he is just a it guy that loves fantasy board games , ugly multi-colored shirts and sushis . 
  i think he is definitly downplaying a lot muslim violence and immigration related problems ( and i disagree with him a lot on this ) but i seriously do n't see him being a secret isis member in europe , to my knowledge he is not even a muslim . 
  i think he does that more because he really believes in being as politically correct as humanly possible . 
  the brits and belgians were there but the commander in chief was gamelin and most of the beginner 's mistakes done ( such as getting the whole army encircled and nearly trapped in belgium ) were his . 
   then did n't do great in ww1 i would disagree with you on this one . 
  french army really fought like lions in those trenches alongside their british allies . 
  after the initial push germany got halted and never managed to really take back the initiative . 
  1914-1918 was basically the german army giving back very slowly the ground they had taken in the first few months . 
  by 1917 german industry was outproduced and their economy was crumbling because of the british blockade . 
  the mere fact the germans sunk us ships ( causing the us to enter the war ) showed how desperate they were to turn the tide , they knew they were fucked if they did not sink us ships so they took this risk . 
  indochina was basically france vs china . 
  the viet minh were trained and equipped by china and had their number bolstered by chinese volunteers . 
  it was a conflict similar to ukraine today , ukrainian army is not fighting against just the separatists ( i assume they would have won by then if it was the case ) , they are fighting against separatists + russian tourists equipped with the latest russian equipement . 
  concerning algeria the defeat was political not military . 
  by the end of the military campaigns the fln was in shambles with most its leaders arrested . 
  the problem was that this dirty conflict led to great resentment and de gaulle made a good call , giving them a referendum to choose whether they wanted to remain in france or not because he knew it would only be a few years before another liberation movement started . 
  on a military ground , a lot of the tactics developped by french army for this conflict ( make locals fight the guerilla themselves by equipping their enemies for example ) are still used today . 
  concerning franco-prussian war and ww2 , nothing to say we done fucked up . 
  yeah i think it may have changed if we went to iraq . 
  lybia was a bit like our iraq : a stupid conflict launched for fake official reasons and that totally backfired ( we had agreements with kadhafi to keep illegals in check ) . 
  contrary to popular belief , french people are pretty militaristic . 
  that 's why we have so many soldiers scattered over half of africa at the very moment we are speaking . 
  both the right and the left have no qualm sending soldiers abroad and doing so almost always result in a positive response in polls for the government in power . 
  are we judging people on their flair now ? 
  i mean , really ? 
  i do n't agree with what he said but his flair is irrelevant . 
  yeah i started answering then deleted it all and just put `` are you serious ? '', 
  as i assumed it was the case . 
  i do n't see anything wrong in what you say . 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's really funny because the rest of europe thinks they are making you fat . 
   that 's a two way stereotype i guess . 
  does it make any sense for a german to be against it ? 
  i am kind of surprised 20 % do n't want it . 
  i mean german economy relies a lot on trade with other eu members . 
  maybe i am just being too simplistic and there are other things at stake . 
   published on 31/07/2015 it has been written yesterday but it has been published a couple hours ago . 
  just now : [ france & uk issue joint communique adressing the calais situation ] ( http://www.ambafrance-uk.org/bernard-cazeneuve-and-theresa-may-address-calais-crisis ), 
  they are good ships but no country has a use for them . 
  they are amphibious assault ships made to lug around heavy equipment and personel and deploy them quickly far from home . 
  so basically they are a projection ship when very country routinely project troops . 
  the countries that could have needed them already had similar ships , except russia . 
  i have my theory for those who wonder why . 
  i think a few sextapes featuring cameron leaked and he wants to make it harder for british people to stumble upon them by chance before someone recognizes him . 
  possibly , it involved big hairy men and a shetland poney but that is pure speculation on my part . 
  makes a lot of sense when you think of it . 
  as with any western `` democracies '' , they chose the one they deemed to be slightly less horrible than the others . 
  no homosex sorry , only goats . 
  ( i was kidding ), 
  what the hell are you implying you infidel dog ? 
  with this attitude , do n't be surprised if we do n't let you get into eu . 
  i think they are just backward fucks and have been raised acting like that . 
  i would not really read much more than that into it . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  2nd amendment bitch have you heard of it ? 
  dclauzel is a french mod of / r/europe that is often criticized for various blunders and faux pas and is often accused of serving an agenda ( hiding islamism related problems ) . 
  every time it turns into a big drama and it is always goddamn funny . 
  if i recall correctly human bodies are pretty good for the earth indeed . 
  and the garlicy flavor of french people is reputed . 
  french people really enjoy nazi germany jokes too . 
  given this alarming account , i would not be surprised to learn [ yuri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjpmrzjsh_y ) is involved somehow .
