  the timeline lacks a few events : when interviewed about a jewish artist stating that he would leave france should the fn get to power , he answered `` this is not surprising coming from him , he will be part of the next batch ( le pen used `` fourn\u00e9e '' which means batch in a bakery sense , it can be used figuratively and le pen pretended it was just that but honestly this is at best a very poor choice of word ) '' . 
  he made a pun on a political adversary 's name . 
  the person was called `` michel durafour '' , `` four '' means `` oven '' in french and le pen turned his name into `` durafour cr\u00e9matoire '' ( `` crematory oven '' ) . 
  i am sure i forgot a lot of them . 
  more strawmen and twisting of what i am saying . 
  it almost sounds like you do n't understand your own language . 
  our performance during ww2 definitly is our most embarassing moment in recent history . 
  decolonization wars were unavoidable and decolonization was bound to happen sooner or later so i do n't see that as embarassing but ww2 is truly shameful . 
  first we gave away tchekoslovakia to hitler , then we declared war in 1939 when he attacked poland but did not actually attack causing poland to get steamrolled while we did nothing , then our buffoon commander in chief gamelin managed to waste a okeyish plan that corresponded well to the equipment we had and the way french army was organized ( sit on the franco-belgian border and dig in ) by advancing all the way to the belgo-german border , allowing us and the brits to be encircled like noobs by germans crossing through the ardennes , leading to the debacle we know . 
  then when things looked dire enough already , p\u00e9tain manages to manipulate reynaud ( who was in favor of the continuation of war with germany and against surrendering ) into quitting by persuading him that he was politically isolated and gets nominated in his place . 
  p\u00e9tain then announces the end of hostilities and ask french troops to surrender despite the fact that he had no right to do that ( there had to be a vote and he did not negociate anything with germany , which is retarded : if you are going to make your enemy 's job for him , you should try and see what you can get in return for that ) . 
  then he exploited the chaos to give himself more power than any dirigeant ever had in france ( that 's right , the absolut monarchs of france before the revolution had less power than p\u00e9tain ) and installs a french version of fascism complete with collaboration with germany and jewish laws . 
  now sure there was the resistance and i do not underestimate its actions and how many lives they probably saved during d-day ( sabotage of electric plants and railroad caused some german units to be stuck for days far from the frontline , preventing them to reinforce the units engaged against the allies and causing them to arrive way too late to be of any real use ) and even before ( rescue of crashed allied pilots , smuggling of jewish people etc. . . ) but p\u00e9tain will always remain a dark spot in our history . 
   do you really not understand the concept of strawmanning ? 
   first it was ` different cultures lead to no integration ' and now it 's ` lots of people lead to no integration ' . 
  from my very first comment on this very thread ( it is still there , just scroll up a bit ... ) :  the more refugees and the more they differ from us culturally , the less they are motivated to integrate , the more racism there will be . 
  it will always be like that . 
  you do realize that a phenomenon can have several different causes right ? 
   nobody mentioned ` all far-right people ' . 
  i said neo-nazis and solely neo-nazis . 
  fairly sure their racism is not caused by eu policy , and they probably share cause with a lot of other people with racist beliefs . 
  then why are you talking about neonazis if you understand that far-right does not necessarily equates with neonazism ? 
  neo-nazis are maybe a couple of pourcent of any country 's population they are pretty much irrelevant politically . 
   so all racism is caused by illegal immigrants ? 
   i 'm fairly sure ( just fairly sure , not like it 's totally sensible or anything ) we had racism before illegal immigration was a thing . 
  never said that either . 
  it 's funny because you keep building strawmen and then accuse me of doing that . 
  try and pay more attention to what other people say and not to what you want them to say because right now you are just sounding a tad desperate . 
  a sketch about integration in french society http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xbsejy_pas-facile-de-s-integrer_fun, 
  p\u00e9tainiste !, 
   you 've now thrown a totally different point into the works . 
  no , it is still about integration . 
  i am talking about it since comment # 1 of this thread . 
   yeah , sure . 
  i 'm absolutely sure the the neonazi idiots everywhere are campaigning for change in eu immigration policy . 
  if you think far right people are all neonazis then you wo n't ever understand its cause and most importantly you wo n't ever understand how to turn the tide . 
   your argument : if we just get rid of other races , we can stop racism !, 
   bit like saying ` we can stop homophobia by deporting the gays ' . 
  except i never said anything about getting rid of other races , did i ? 
  i said illegal immigration should stop . 
  there are already non-white and non-christian people in europe and i am 100 % fine with that . 
   bit of a jump there . 
  i can imagine someone 's willingness to integrate is a lot more dependent on what kind of person they are . 
  see : british expats in spain . 
  and on their number . 
  if a refugee is thrown in the middle of thousands of natives he will have to behave like one eventually and will have no choice in the matter . 
  if a refugee is among thousands of his compatriots he will have the option to not give a fuck and just live exactly like he did at home , however backward it could be . 
   racism is bad and we should fight it . 
  does n't matter whether that 's fighting the cause or fighting racism itself . 
  way to cut the quote in the middle of a sentence . 
  of course it matters , fighting racism itself is pretty useless only fighting the cause of racism will give actual lasting results and the cause of racism is for the most part the retarded lack of real european policy when it comes to illegal immigration . 
   and if you mean ` the day we just build even bigger walls ' then of course racism figures will decrease , because that kind of racism will be considered normal . 
  how is stopping people ** illegally ** entering your country racism ? 
  it is simple law enforcement . 
  whatever their background , people not integrating and being jerks towards the nation they arrive in will always create racism . 
  yes if jews started to act like most refugees do that would create resentment towards them . 
  it would be the same if french people started arriving en masse in your country and behaving like jerks , attacking people and wrecking stuff while chanting the mareseillaise until you give them free appartments and food , people would start to hate the french and consider them undesirable and that would be entirely normal . 
  looks like the shitty `` let 's replace it with jews '' argument does not work all the time , you will have to actually think of an actual argument here . 
  `` we tell you far right people are more dangerous than isis wanabees why u no believing us ????? '', 
  the more refugees and the more they differ from us culturally , the less they are motivated to integrate , the more racism there will be . 
  it will always be like that . 
  you can not just say `` racism is bad and we should fight it '' and pretend it is actually not caused by retarded european policies in terms of immigration . 
  racism is just a symptom , it is not the actual illness . 
  the day european nations actually get together and agree on a plan to stop unchecked immigration and send back those that are not deemed compatible with our values will be the day racism figures start decreasing again . 
  they should be invested in eastern poland . 
  `` down with this sort of things ! '', 
  yeah and the us had called dibs on the natural ressources . 
  basically charlemagne died and his sons shared his realm into east franks and west franks if i remember correctly . 
  since then it only got downhill . 
  funny thing is that to ridicule us , / u/raven0520 had to ridicule belgium in the process . 
  belgium is everyone 's favorite collateral damage . 
   you ca n't change people 's level of interest , but there are still ways to improve the quality of journalism . 
  i think you can . 
  the main problem with politics right now is that most people think it does not change shit and that their opinions do n't matter : of course they do n't care about politics . 
  associate the people with decisions and you will see that the fucks given will grow exponentially . 
  i am pretty sure that most people on / r/europe have taken the habit of going to check the hidden comments at the bottom of the page . 
  glad we got the fuck out of there . 
  raspberry , mainly . 
   the initial allegation of a man hiding at the factory in dammartin en goele was made on the rmc radio station by the area 's french assembly member , yves albarello . 
  i hope the parliamentary who ran his mouth on air will be severely punished too . 
  german language and its ability to create infinite words is so funny . 
  i love russian and italian . 
  both are beautiful in my opinion . 
  probably the best description of english language i ever heard . 
  honestly italian is not hard at all for a french person to learn . 
  you will get the basics pretty fast which is always encouraging at the beginning . 
  getting to fluency can be hard ( like french it has a lot of irregularities ) but getting to the `` i can have understand basic italian and express basic ideas '' level is really easy . 
  you do n't generally find your own language sexy . 
  yeah i know you guys kind of disagree with that . 
  i do n't agree with the negative stigma attached to this though . 
  i think eastern europe has crazy potential but has been screwed by ussr . 
  as a french poland is seen as mainly in eastern europe but for france everyone is pretty much eastern in europe . 
  i believe poland will have a very powerful role in ue in the close future as the leading eastern europe country . 
  nan mais je m ` en fous \u00e0 la base . 
  it is ours , right ? 
  your food looks awesome / r/europe !, 
  what you linked is different . 
  both cr\u00eapes and galettes are consumed in france . 
  galette are generally eaten with savory stuff ( egg , chees , ham , mushrooms etc. . . ) while cr\u00eapes like the ones you linked are eaten with jam , nutella , sugar etc. . . 
  man fuck bds , i do n't claim to have a solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict but bds are as much bigots as the israeli far right .
