   so let us allow the united nations inspectors the time they need for their mission to succeed . 
  but let us together be vigilant and ask mr. blix and mr. elbaradei to report regularly to the council . 
  france , for its part , proposes another meeting on march 14 at ministerial level to assess the situation . 
  we will then be able to judge the progress that has been made and what remains to be done . 
   given this context , the use of force is not justified at this time . 
   ten days ago , the us secretary of state , mr. powell , reported the alleged links between al-qaeda and the regime in baghdad . 
  given the present state of our research and intelligence , in liaison with our allies , nothing allows us to establish such links . 
  on the other hand , we must assess the impact that disputed military action would have on this plan . 
  would not such intervention be liable to exacerbate the divisions between societies , cultures and peoples , divisions that nurture terrorism ? 
   france has said all along : we do not exclude the possibility that force may have to be used one day if the inspectors ' reports concluded that it was impossible to continue the inspections . 
  the council would then have to take a decision , and its members would have to meet all their responsibilities . 
  in such an eventuality , i want to recall here the questions i emphasized at our last debate on february 4 which we must answer :  to what extent do the nature and extent of the threat justify the immediate recourse to force ? 
   how do we ensure that the considerable risks of such intervention can actually be kept under control ? 
   in any case , in such an eventuality , it is indeed the unity of the international community that would guarantee its effectiveness . 
  similarly , it is the united nations that will be tomorrow at the center of the peace to be built whatever happens . 
   mr. president , to those who are wondering in anguish when and how we are going to cede to war , i would like to tell them that nothing , at any time , in this security council , will be done in haste , misunderstanding , suspicion or fear . 
   in this temple of the united nations , we are the guardians of an ideal , the guardians of a conscience . 
  the onerous responsibility and immense honor we have must lead us to give priority to disarmament in peace . 
   this message comes to you today from an old country , france , from an old continent like mine , europe , that has known wars , occupation and barbarity . 
  a country that does not forget and knows everything it owes to the freedom-fighters who came from america and elsewhere . 
  and yet has never ceased to stand upright in the face of history and before mankind . 
  faithful to its values , it wishes resolutely to act with all the members of the international community . 
  it believes in our ability to build together a better world . 
   thank you . 
  rereading today i ca n't believe how right villepin was . 
  true . 
  not much i think . 
  what an ugly mofo . 
  gas ? 
  [ vote emperor ] ( http://orig14.deviantart.net/e2cb/f/2011/325/f/2/warhammer___emperor_of_mankind_by_genzoman-d4g9y0f.jpg ), 
  no i do n't think it would be good . 
  it was just a facetious way to point out that in a free market situation people buy the brand they want . 
  saying `` why do we import beer when russia produces beer '' sounds communist in spirit . 
  i am not suggesting that russia turns back to communism i say that if they do n't like free market there are alternatives . 
  polish vodka is better anyway . 
  i knew i had seen him before , he was in leningrad . 
  for those who played gta iv they did this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bceukdsamhk he also participated in the inauguration of a bust of putin dressed as a roman emperor ( which is kind of hilarious when you think of it ) : http://www.rawstory.com/2015/05/a-conqueror-and-statesman-russia-unveils-bust-of-vladimir-putin-as-a-roman-emperor/, 
  free market is free , we have russian products here too and no one cares . 
  they can turn back to communism if they want to no one gives a fuck about them . 
  i ca n't say i read every single one of them but i read a good part and no one is saying that far right extremism does not exist . 
  could you just link a specific comment ? 
  i am not interested in semantics but you are doing a weird assertion and i am not going to take your word for it . 
  where is it said that far right extremism does not exist ? 
  i ca n't find any comment saying that . 
  damn , must have missed that , can you give any link ? 
  that far right extremism did not exist ? 
  i honestly did not read many comments supporting that . 
  the narrative defended earlier was that far-right extremism made comparatively less victims than muslim extremism . 
  no one ever said that far-right extremism is a hippie movement . 
  some grudges are very practical to hold when you have an agenda to push . 
  both . 
  he is both `` the lion of verdun '' and `` the guy who sucked hitler 's dick '' . 
  until pretty recently he still had a few of streets named after him in france . 
  it was tolerated but very controversial . 
  we can not really forget what he did in verdun but we can not forget what he did during ww2 either so it 's a bit difficult . 
  some people dodge the problem by saying he was old and clueless during ww2 and that he was manipulated by laval who was the real villain of the story . 
  it is not entirely untrue but i think it is a bit simplistic and it is kind of whitewashing him . 
  i think he was manipulated to a point but i still think he was willing and knew what he was doing . 
  funnily enough while france has debaptized its last petain street in 2013 the us still has a few petain streets named after him : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/rue_du_mar%c3%a9chal-p%c3%a9tain#.c2.a0.c3.89tats-unis, 
  i was referring to a discussion between p\u00e9tain and laval :  `` connaissez-vous , monsieur le mar\u00e9chal , l'\u00e9tendue de vos pouvoirs ? 
  '' -  `` do you know , sir , the extent of your powers ? 
  they are greater than those of louis xiv , because louis xiv had to present its edicts to the parliament , while you dont need to submit your constitutional laws to the parliament , because it is no longer there . '', 
  p\u00e9tain answered `` it 's true . '', 
  basically he had absolut , unchecked power while louis xiv still had some checks to his . 
  except the guy is afghan . 
  russia loaned them money after french banks refused to do it . 
  it may seem seedy to accept money from russia but it is still legal and does not constitute corruption . 
  which is why the ultra capitalists love them so much . 
  i am in no way a supporter but french political life will be much much more boring without him . 
  [ `` you are so ... so french in the end ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utrzthc_gqe ) [ - merci !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utrzthc_gqe ), 
  my girlfriend fucked up with her bonsa\u00ef and now i got to bring it to the local bonsa\u00ef shop to get it fixed because she is not available on its opening hours . 
  i do n't care about bonsa\u00efs and do n't know the first thing about them but i will do it . 
  for love . 
  i really like dr who but they could work a bit more on the scenario of individual episodes . 
  in the end there is always some magical device that appears and saves the day . 
  i still enjoy it despite the lazy writing though . 
  amy pond is crazy cute too . 
  same here , i love watching our boys abroad mistreating black people on tv while i eat my croissant and coffee . 
  i love la haine and i am currently watching season 2 of the wire with my girlfriend . 
  damn this series is brilliant . 
  idris elba rocks . 
  no , the unconditional hatred of this man is probably not all fair and justified . 
  it is kind a reflex french reaction since the end of the war . 
  he was pretty ignorant when it came to politics and had very simplistic views in terms of foreign policy . 
  while he was a pretty competent military commander he was absolutly not made for politics and he hated all the political games . 
  he thought hitler was just a `` plebeian willelm ii '' and that we could work with him `` with small sacrifices '' . 
  this was incredibly naive . 
  the real bastard in all this was laval but to me p\u00e9tain still retains a huge part of responsibility in all this and deserves some hate even though he should not bear the blame alone . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  honestly i do n't think they will ever get to the presidency , they may get more seats in the parliament though . 
  i think a lot of people in france , including people like myself who never lived while he was in power , kind of miss someone like him . 
  the guy bowed to no one and i liked the `` friends but not bitches '' relationship he had with the us . 
  surely there is a part of misplaced `` it was better before '' nostalgia but i still think we would be better off overall . 
  you should put a system like we have on / r/france . 
  you have flairs for the posts and you have button in the sidebar allowing you to hide / show posts about politics with one click . 
  you could totally do that with immigration posts and allow people to see / unsee them at will . 
  i am sure / u/dclauzel could explain that better than myself . 
  and we got a couple de funes / bourvil comedies on the topic which is pretty cool too . 
  the fn 's chances to get to power just increased tenfold .
