  when you try and help someone repeatedly and he always end up slapping your face in return , you will end up resenting this person and no longer be willing to help him . 
  that 's why they are hated , because yeah they are miserable but they do n't want our help , they just want to continue stealing . 
  a few years back , a few mayors in france started giving decent appartments to them so they would have somewhere nice to live . 
  all these initiatives ended up only one way : the roma stripped the appartments bare of everything , including taking the water pipings and electricity cabling , destroying walls in the process . 
  they then left the now unlivable appartments and disappeared in the nature to sell the pipings and cablings as scrap metal . 
  the worst is they knew that these now unlivable appartments would not be able to be used to lodge poor people for a while , forcing some people that could have used them to live in the street instead . 
  they just did not give a damn . 
  this is not an isolated event , this is the attitude they have toward any help we tried to give them . 
  they just do n't want it , they just want to live off the land and leave whenever people start hating them too much for it . 
  i wish we found a way to reason with them but i really gave up on them to be honest . 
  it is not so much the fact they commit more crimes necessarily , it is more their attitude to us . 
  numerous people have tried and helped them ( in france anyway , i do n't know elsewhere ) for example by giving them decent lodgings , it always ended up one way : them taking all the pipes and electric cabling and stripping the lodging bare and disappearing in the wild to sell it back , leaving the appartments destroyed . 
  there is only so much times this kind of thing can happen before people decide they are not worth helping and only come to hate them with a passion . 
  whether you are roma or not , if you are not agressively panhandling , wrecking shit or shitting in the streets people wo n't care about you . 
  now you talk about race but this is typically a us thing , in europe race is generally not really discussed , most of the problems are cultural things , not race things . 
  this is entirely true : http://www.adl.org/assets/pdf/press-center/adl-global-100-executive-summary-2015.pdf the row of antisemitic attacks in france provoked a great outrage , causing french people to be less antisemitic and feel a greater sense of kinship toward the french jewish community . 
  for those who do n't feel like reading the . pdf , before the attacks 50 % of french were worried about violence towards jews and since the attacks it swelled to 70 % . 
  since the attacks 81 % of french people agree to the fact that antisemitism is dangerous and 77 % think that `` attacks on jews affect everyone and are an attack against french way of life as a whole '' . 
  the pourcentage of french people harboring stereotypes towards jewish people also decreased from 37 % in 2014 to 17 % in 2015 . 
  `` godamnit , are you really robbing me with a bryco ?!, 
  now , i am offended ! '', 
  i understand that but where did people see that it was not `` actual stealing '' . 
  yeah i know it is done , does not mean it is not stealing . 
  so following your logic having police in any country is useless as it will `` become the most-coveted job blah blah blah amicable solution '' ? 
  tax evasion is actual stealing . 
  how in hell did you come to the conclusion that it was not ? 
  yeah and it is only worth it because you get checked every 10 years . 
  no , he is just an asshole and he is not pretending . 
  so you are willing to participate willingly in a misdemeanor for a small discount ? 
   what do you mean by enforcing ? 
  having a guy sit all day at every store and watch the transactions ? 
  just send plain clothed officers buy a pack of chewing gum or something . 
  if he does not get a receipt without asking : heavy fine . 
  an officer can visit 30 establishments in one day easily . 
   it 's actually quite hard to stop tax evasion on this level . 
  you need a lot of bureaucracy and a lot of tax officers for it . 
  it 's pretty easy . 
  send plain clothed officers in bars and restaurant : if they do n't get a receipt without asking assume it is a routine thing and fine the establishment heavily ( so it 's not worth the risk ) . 
  even if you control 1 on 10 establishment they will get scared and will stop pulling that shit at lightning speed . 
  sounds good . 
  let 's make a ten page `` voting conditions '' document that you will have to agree with before voting . 
  i saw my fair share of shitty troll wanabees since i got internet in the 90 's but you are probably among the least credible , try being less obvious it will work better . 
  the reason you can not make this kind of comparison on a state to state scale is that states are not made up of one person . 
  the person who benefits from the free money is generally not the person that ends up getting the shaft and crying on tv . 
  if we took your example and improved it to fit better , it would be two families . 
  the `` loan-guy '' would be a tyrannic father who took up all kind of loans without asking anyone else their opinion and giving only crumbs to the rest of his family , then when the bank comes to get the money back the guy would just empty all the bank accounts of the family then change country and change his name and let the rest of his family pay the loans he took . 
  so yeah sure the family benefitted slightly undirectly from the multiple loans ( maybe they had a better tv and ps4 that they could not have afforded ) but they never asked for them in the first place and only benefitted from them undirectly while the asshole father took up all the loans and used the money to live the great life and is nowhere to be found when it is time to pay the bills . 
  did you not read my comment or were you just itching to post your trolling comment and therefore disregarded the fact that it was irrelevant ? 
  honestly you french bashing people should really make up new stuff about us , these stereotypes are pretty overused . 
  yeah european diversity is dclauzel 's great crusade . 
  i do n't understand why people just choose to see arrogance in it , he just wants to see more of everyone 's own language . 
  in a way . 
  it has a reputation of corrupted police and politicians and violent mobs so it would be more something like chicago from the 30 's . 
  for a long time the corsican mob basically ran the city and used the gangs from poor districts as muscle , now the gangs have taken their independance and do the trafficking for their own gain . 
  there are some nice parts in the city of course but it still has very bad rep in france . 
  french humorist group called `` les inconnus '' described it as the first african city crossed by the paris-dakar . 
  the only way we could get to 100 % people employed today would be to invent always more useless `` bullshit jobs '' , why ? 
  no reason except that this way people are `` working '' even if working here means getting paid to sit on your ass in front of a computer doing absolutly nothing useful . 
  in short it is not working because it is needed , it is working for the sake of being able to say `` i am working '' . 
  whether we continue to make people compete for the few works there are ( driving salaries and working conditions in the process ) or we adress the fact that our societies absolutly do not need 100 % of people working full time and try experimenting with other better adapted systems . 
  is the basic income theory what we need ? 
  i do n't know maybe , maybe not . 
  we need to try it to truly know . 
  basically paying someone to come to your office and stay in front of a computer all day doing nothing really useful and paying someone to stay at home and do whatever they want is the same thing except that the one you force to come and remain at your office all day is 100 % sure to not be of any use to society as a whole . 
  the one you pay to do whatever they want may devote some of his time to volunteering , educating themselves , helping others etc. . . 
  even if only 10 % of people choose to do that it is still a net win compared to those who are stuck all day in useless jobs . 
  austerity has a meaning . 
  it is cutting costs on everything seen as not essential ( welfare , pensions etc. . ) . 
  explosives are generally used to open up armored transports which is a marseille specialty . 
  \\ #justmarseillethings, 
  [ it 's payday hellas !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dzcryfqet0 ), 
  i was talking about germany and france 's reconciliation more than germany 's reunification but your point stands , he was there at the right time . 
  i do n't know the first thing about kohl 's policies , what i meant is that in france we know him as the artisan of the reconciliation . 
  in france we got [ this photo ] ( http://france3-regions.francetvinfo.fr/lorraine/sites/regions_france3/files/assets/images/2014/09/22/000_par7981057.jpg ) in our history books . 
  yeah , i wish our lawmakers actually moved their ass to do something just anything to end this situation . 
  who said they were refugees ? 
  i wish they did here too . 
  we already do n't feed them , ngos do and we ca n't realistically prevent ngos from helping people not die of hunger , illegal as they are . 
  we used to have a camp but uk pressured sarkozy to have it closed in 2002 . 
  the punishment for illegally entering is deportation to your country of origin . 
  except we ca n't deport them if we do n't know where they are from . 
  it is a snake eating it 's own tail and the situation as it is is inextricable . 
  in most countries you can not just imprison people for undetermined duration without judgement . 
  you do n't understand . 
  they have no visa and no intention to apply for one . 
  they entered our country illegally they have no paper , no visa nothing . 
  every country in the world does what you are saying . 
  what about a blowjob and a cold beer too ? 
  you have to be kidding . 
  they are illegal migrants violating our laws . 
  they have no status . 
  they are illegals . 
  here too they have to justify why they are in danger and whatnot so that has to include their country of origin , except most of them do n't ask for refugee status here because they know that if they do n't disclose their country of origin they ca n't be deported . 
  that 's kind of a vicious cycle . 
  we should find an island somewhere and anyone not willing to disclose its country of origin gets deported there until they do so at least we could deport them somewhere but we ca n't do it the way law works currently . 
  and what if you can not determine their country of origin ? 
  sure but this is impossible to determine is what i am saying . 
   the guys do n't have papers and they know that if they tell where they come from they will be deported so they just have to shup up . 
  as others say it is basically a legal stalemate .
