  glad they are level-headed enough to not shout victory to early . 
  no he is not . 
  i just said the name would be controversial for a battle tank because of its association with waffen ss . 
  sure but it is a bit like the toothbrush moustache or swastika , they used to be normal things but their association with nazism kind of made them controversial . 
  they are not fooled , i would wager they knew all along but they often need turkey airspace for their operations in the middle east so they just ignore it . 
  the fact no country in europe can stop them should tell you enough about the impossibility of the task . 
  the only reason you do n't get your share of illegal assholes is because you are an island not because you somehow are super competent at the job so stop getting on your high horses giving lessons to other countries . 
  charlemagne would be kind of a controversial name for a franco-german tank as it was the name of the french ss division that ended up protecting the fuhrerbunker against the soviets almost to last man . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33rd_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss_charlemagne_%281st_french%29 most of them ended up being summarily executed by the free french upon capture . 
   the free french general immediately asked them why they wore a german uniform , to which one of them replied by asking the general why he wore an american one ( the free french wore modified us army uniforms ) . 
  the group of french waffen-ss men was later executed without any form of military tribunal procedure . 
  what is circlejerky is the `` we would do it so much better , france is a failed state hurr durr '' . 
  no you would not because you have the same human rights standards to respect as us and they will prevent you from just sending them back to a random country or basically do anything harsher than tell them to leave please . 
  i created one under a fake name with no photos of me . 
  i just it to keep in touch with friends that i do not see much because of distance . 
  it also helps when organising events such as birthday parties and the likes . 
  yeah it is not 100 % necessary sure but it is really useful for that . 
  if the problem had been handed over to you we would no longer have thousands of migrants in calais . 
  they would be gone already . 
  i do n't think it is a problem of personel , i think it is a problem that laws and human rights are preventing france to act . 
  we ca n't really bring them out in international waters , put them in an inflatable boat and tell them to fuck off . 
  yeah yeah , because the migrants obviously always dreamt of being in calais , they left everything to go sit in a slum in calais that 's obvious . 
  this has nothing to do with calais being where the border with uk is obviously . 
  you guys put so much bad faith in this it 's incredible . 
  i love all these `` uk would do it so much better omg '' reactions . 
  no you would not , stop lying to yourselves . 
  got ta love the anti-french circlejerk . 
  yeah yeah , i am sure britain would do so much better if they were all stuck in dover instead of calais . 
  maybe we should just let them go there and see how you do it so much better ? 
  no we are not . 
  they are stuck in calais because we police your borders . 
  if you were policing your own borders they would stopped by your police in dover . 
  they only are in calais because we are policing your borders for you . 
  they do n't give a damn about calais . 
   it 's a good idea , this has been going on long enough to demonstrate the french government are not capable of administrating their own territory , we can do it for them . 
  funny to hear when we have been policing your borders for you for so much times . 
  sure . 
  what i mean is i really hope `` do we have enough balls or not '' does not really enter in the equation . 
  basically no one talks them anymore except maybe a few old people in very rural areas . 
  the map make it looks like they are widespread in a major part of france which is not true . 
  they are not bullshit of course but they are not really relevant . 
  typical jewish shapeshitfer reptilian 's greed . 
  maybe uk should have thought about this before pressuring sarkozy to close the `` temporary accomodation '' in 2002 . 
  it would definitly curb unemployment though . 
  just saying . 
   if you want muslim communities to help you track down such offenders , do n't discriminate against them and they will [ help ] . 
  what about helping because you are a decent person ? 
  if someone knows something and do n't say shit they are accomplices and shitty people . 
  as i said i do n't think it is impossible but i doubt it would be piece of cake . 
  i am imagining you with a monocle , a thin moustache and a hairless cat so hard right now . 
  as i like to answer when a colleague sends me a mail with shitty unsolicited advices : `` duly noted . '', 
  thank god world politics are governed by facts and shared interests and not this kind of macho-man bullshit . 
  russia may not be the best army in the world but without the support of the us it would be a difficult conflict for us . 
  not impossible but very hard . 
  joke 's on you germany , we have no jobs to steal !, 
  once again french genius foils your evil plans !, 
  they are the only country with enough nuke shelters for all its populaiton . 
  they are heretics of the worst kind . 
  the king of france used to go burn a few hundreds of them from time to time with the blessing of the pope . 
  good times . 
  because if the ttip gets passed other similar cases could pass in the future . 
  i could not say really . 
  the last game i really played online was payday 2 and heroes of the storm and never really had any problems apart maybe with some russian kids . 
  maybe you got unlucky , maybe there is a confirmation bias and maybe more of us tend to be assholes . 
  i do n't really know honestly as i am a older guy just playing for fun without much at stake . 
  i do n't know . 
  what games are you playing ? 
  mobas and cs : go are very often played by 13 years old . 
  not below cost . 
  just above their production costs meaning they can hardly live with what they earn and often rely on the salary of their spouse to go by . 
  the problem is the fact they sell for so cheap makes it hard to modernize . 
  maybe the government should give very low rate credits destined for modernization only . 
  so we get vancouver , seattle and portland in brittany ? 
  funnily enough brittany has the reputation of being always rainy in france and i believe it is the case for seattly in the us too . 
  on the food front , definitly . 
  i think it was a joke . 
  jacques cartier had been sent to explore the north of the american continent by fran\u00e7ois 1er to try and find either riches or a passage toward asia . 
  he found some lands , befriended the locals and claimed the land for france . 
  the two trips of cartier : [ trip 1 ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:cartier_first_voyage_map_1_fr.png ) [ trip 2 ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques_cartier#/media/file:cartier_second_voyage_map_1_fr.png ), 
  i totally understand . 
  i really like you , can we be friends ? 
  i was just trying to encourage people to express their opinions freely . 
  yeah , i actually adressed that too in another comment . 
  of course the consumer is to blame as well for not buying local because it is slightly more expensive . 
  it is not a question of demand , the demand is there . 
  the prices are artificially lowered to the maximum by the big supermarket chains so they can say `` i am the cheapest supermarket chain around '' . 
  to do that instead of reducing their comfortable margins they put immense pressure on the producers , buying at prices that barely cover the production costs meaning the producers always remain on the verge of bankruptcy at any given moment . 
  spanish produces have less costs than them for producing because of differing laws and regulations in terms of labor laws for example and they therefore feel like they are being screwed in a fight they ca n't win . 
  they are 100 % right to feel that because that is the case , but it is hardly the fault of spanish farmers . 
  destroying foreign produces is wrong on so many levels , it is not the fault of spanish farmers if the big supermarkets is shafting them . 
  the blame is on big corporations for profiting off them and on consumers for not buying local because it is a little bit more expensive . 
  the spanish farmers are just putting their produces on display as it should be in any free market economy . 
  hollande is awful , sarkozy is awful . 
  most french politicians are awful . 
  any way it goes we are screwed . 
  no need to hide behind that piece of news if you want to hate us , you are totally entitled to your opinion . 
   none of that is true , so either you made up that narrative based on your underlying racist feelings , or you intentionally created that narrative to further your racist beliefs . 
  none of this is true really ? 
  are they illegals or not ? 
  are they coming to a country that did not ask them to come or not ?
