  deporting to where ? 
  it 's not like with mexico where you can just deport them to mexico . 
  these guys come from many different countries and most do n't have papers so we have no way to know . 
  and we can not just send them to any random country . 
  basically that 's a damned if they do , damned if they do n't situation . 
  they ca n't let the migrants pass because of uk , they ca n't round them up to send them to a random country because of human rights association and they ca n't put them all in custody either . 
  there used to be a camp where they were gathered but uk pressured sarkozy to have it closed in 2002 so now they are running amok and wrecking shit . 
  there is nothing they can do . 
  it is really easy to judge their competence from one 's armchair . 
  they just got their hands tied . 
  there are , there are also technological ways to repell them . 
  i got these subsonic repellent things , i put two of them in my bedroom and i get bitten maybe one time a week . 
  please do n't hate me but do n't you get screwed either way basically ? 
  okey guys just a little tip that really helps if you do n't have a/c : during the day keep the windows and shutters closed so heat does not get in . 
  around 6pm when the air outside is getting colder you open everything to let the cold air in and then you close everything in the morning before going to work etc. . . also when at home dress as light as decency allows . 
  makes the heat in your appartment totally bearable . 
  average people do n't set a hidden bank accounts in a tax haven . 
  economic / political elite do . 
  greece situation is yet another case of average people getting screwed big time by the rich and powerful . 
  and the worst is that most of those who were rich before and actually benefitted of this shit are still out there getting their dick sucked by supermodels on their yacht . 
  do you really think common folks like this pensioner are the ones avoiding taxes ? 
  when you open a bank account in switzerland it 's not to deposit 100 $ you know . 
  i surrender !, 
  no i am not really defensive about religious people . 
  i was just pointing out that christians tended to practice less in europe nowadays . 
  i am not judging either way . 
  i am probably downvoted for anecdotal evidences . 
  nothing wrong with anecdotal when it is clearly presented as such though . 
  i think you answered the wrong comment . 
  fair point . 
  oh yeah did not notice that the other comments were his too . 
  i do n't think he said that , that 's not how i understand his last comment anyway . 
  he said `` a christian-compatible society is what we had in the middle ages . 
  if the table is anything to be believed it does not look very efficient . 
  only belgium is sending more djihadists per 1m inhabitants . 
  `` salam ahmed , it 's the police , fancy taking a cup of coffee with us some day ? 
  i would have suggested doing shots but ... well you know . 
  xoxo , the police . '', 
   there are many millions of christians in europe . 
  christians yeah maybe . 
  church-goers who actively live as religious people , very few . 
  out of my ass if i take everyone i know in france ( and i lived here for 30 years ) i would say less than 10 % practice a christian religion or another . 
  france is taking a authoritarian turn and hollande is supposed to be a leftist in theory . 
  yeah also . 
  to be honest i never saw that as a real `` pre invasion check '' . 
  i always thought of it as another one of putin 's `` let 's say that / do that and see what they say about it '' thing . 
  you are cheating , lyon is the most amazing french city on earth . 
  not with total strangers generally . 
  that 's how it works for literally any sensitive document in every country in the world . 
  because we do n't greet you as if you were our long lost son does not mean we hate you or that we are being rude assholes to you , it 's just that you are not our long lost son . 
  not being overly enthusiastic to people you do n't know is actually respectful to me , it means i am not being an hypocrite pretending you instantly became my favorite person in the world . 
  we got enough unemployment in france as it is , thanks . 
  i totally understood your comment and i agree with it . 
  yeah and they are idiots too . 
  because enjoying cultural goods from another country does not necessarily mean you would enjoy living in this country ? 
  i do n't think many people here would vote for the us . 
  the us strikes me as a mess of a country . 
  with black people getting shot at on sight by the police , the rampant obesity , and of course the rise of public shootouts in schools , i do n't know how anyone could consider the us a functional nation . 
  i hope to god most of the american continent is at least somewhat less racist and functional . 
  i , too , can make broad generalization from snippets i have seen in absurdly biased medias . 
  of course not . 
  the employer is responsible to check on that . 
  it 's how it always works . 
  not bad at all . 
  there are a few things a bit off but it 's really good . 
  i would never do as good . 
  if i remember correctly the legend behind it is that a maure pirate kidnapped the wife of a corsican man and the corsican man went after him and came back home with his wife and the head of the maure pirate in a white sheet . 
  the moral of this story is that you do n't fuck around with corsican women . 
  this still holds today . 
  mainly they do n't really desire independance . 
  corsica votes for nationalists mainly to get more special statuses and privileges from france . 
  they would not really thrive by themselves and they know it ( well the huge majority does at least ) . 
  source : half my family is corsican . 
  yeah it 's that . 
  also when the two names are displayed they generally cancel the french one with sharpies . 
  \\  luxembourg \\  jewish i knew it !, 
  upvoted for bringing a bit of diversity . 
  you are agnostic , then . 
  so am i. 
  they were a genoan colony until the 18th century when they rebelled and kicked the genoans out . 
  they then created their own government and a constitution . 
  the genoans therefore sold the island ( that was arguably no longer theirs ) to the king of france because they did not have the military means to reconquer it . 
  the king of france sent his army and made corsica a french territory ( with some difficulties , as corsica is a great place to lead a defensive guerilla war ) . 
  the corsican language is mutually intelligible with italian so i would say they are culturally closer to italy but they are not italians and do n't want to be . 
  corsicans generally vote for nationalists to get more special status and privileges for corsica , i do n't think you will find many sane people that actually want to leave france . 
  you will find many people saying they want to though . 
  that 's corsica for you . 
  source : i am of corsican family . 
  some `` artists '' seem to be under the impression that the quality of your art depends on how much genitals you show . 
  my comment is intended as a joke . 
  so the macaronis are actually kebabs ? 
  god , that 's confusing . 
  you did not read the article , did you ? 
  some muslims vote fn because they are tired of extremists ruining islam for them and they think the fn is the solution . 
  fn muslim vote is a vote against muslim extremism , not in favor of it . 
  also , while the fn was and still is against gay marriage they openly said some times ago that it would not be realistic to cancel it now it has been made a law and that they would make no attempt to do that should they arrive in power . 
  do you even know what `` vous etes de quelle origine ? '', 
  means ? 
  it 's a way to ask what your roots are without implying that you are somehow less french . 
  i got asked this occasionnally because of my appearance and i never felt like it was a way to imply i was not french , it is just people being interested in you .
