  we bomb them because they are soldiers of a faction that declared war on us . 
  it 's not a judicial process , it is just war . 
  if russia attacked romania and romanian citizens joined russian army would you be for romanian army to stop any action for fear of hitting one of the romanian turncoat ? 
  if they surrender of course you are not going to execute them on the spot but as long as they are serving as soldiers they fight and die as soldiers for the side they chose . 
  they joined a faction actively at war with france . 
  if they are killed in the process there is no due process , just do n't join a faction that is at war with your own country and it wo n't happen to you . 
  when there is a war you do n't put every enemy soldier to trial independantly . 
  you just fight the war and if people join the enemy then they have to live and die with this decision they made . 
  if you want to go on the ground to check for sure you are welcome to it . 
  [ bin laden had nothing to do with 9/11 , bush knocked down twin towers , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrnx33xoh64 ), 
  to be honest you are kind of the friend who keeps reminding us everything he ever did for us in the past on a daily basis . 
  hard not to think about you . 
  we have an expression in french that is `` tirer sur l'ambulance '' ( shoot at the ambulance ) which means it is too much of an hanging fruit to criticize it . 
  never miss a blowjob party , mate . 
  that 's quite terrifying . 
  that 's a regimental flag though , the french flag during the first empire was the same as today . 
  yours is pretty cool too . 
  the cross on it reminds me of the `` lorraine cross '' that was the symbol of the french resistance . 
  any time i see a nazi flag , it makes me think of the [ `` are we the baddies ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1vxamejru ) skit from mitchell & webb . 
  they are cool as hell but that and the ss skulls and the plain black ss uniforms , i wonder if some of the ww2 german soldiers sometimes stopped and thought `` are we the baddies ? 
  looks like an ugly sweater from the 80 's . 
  so cute how you are giving each other blowjobs . 
  man , you the real mvp, 
  radetski 's march is my mother 's favorite , she never misses the vienna new year concert . 
  every single year she watches it religiously and every time she ca n't wait for the clapped radetski 's march at the end . 
  to be honest , it 's pretty badass . 
  the username checks out . 
   and of course the favorite of all eastern europeans this flag just made me feel as if you wanted to make me sign a bullshit petition . 
  what the fuck is this filthy communard talking about ? 
  thank you citoyen for putting this cur in his place . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5swtspft2ls&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12s ), 
  i always loved the [ flag from picardy ] ( http://www.maison-des-drapeaux.com/media/catalog/product/cache/4/image/1000x1000/b60752cf391b31acf028b5fd1f6ff899/1/4/drapeau-france-picardie-60-x-90-cm.png ) i think the fleur de lys looks dapper as fuck . 
  i agree with / u/vertitto too , the polish-lithuanian flag was cool as hell . 
  we treat them better than any muslim country would . 
  things may not be perfect but that certainly does not justify terrorism . 
  the more i read your comments the more i am amazed at the dishonesty you are ready to show to absolve islam of everything and put the blame on the victims of terrorism . 
  as my mother always told me , you are either a part of the annoying people who make a fuss or you are part of the idiots who get taken advantage of . 
  that 's just how our society works , if you do n't wreck shit up no one will defend your interests for you . 
  should have started years ago . 
  that 's the whole problem with politics today . 
  either you only have left leaning ideas or right leaning ideas but mix the two and you have literally no one to represent you . 
  could n't they just accept the guy in their fine art institute ? 
  was it really too much to ask ? 
  france favorite neighbor : italians , great food , great culture , landscapes , history and architecture . 
  least favorite neighbor : luxembourg and any country encouraging tax evasion . 
  these guys are useless , leeching tax evasion money from their neighbors and being super okey with it . 
  fuck these parasites . 
  yeah , i should have specified `` no one sane says that '' . 
  only brits can be so proud about their lack of education . 
  providing french people even get a chance to listen to french speaking artists . 
  no french speaking art producer can ever match us ones financially . 
  do n't start pretending like free market is a thing when talking about the us , the only person you are fooling is yourself . 
  `` who 's screaming the loudest about refugees ? 
  not the communities that are impacted the most . '', 
  literally means that for him those who complain about refugees are the ones that are the less impacted . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  we do n't care much about uk but british papers certainly have a weird obsession with france . 
  you do know we can read your papers now thanks to internet , right ? 
  no , i mean people unwilling to work and with an habit of wrecking shit up wherever they go until they have to move because local people hate them too much do n't make for good neighbours . 
  lots of people came to france with nothing and most ended up being able to make an honest living by themselves through hard work and perseverance . 
  italian , portoguese , algerian , polish etc. . . we had several immigration waves , all came with nothing but hope for a better life , today some are poor , some are rich but none of these people turned to scamming and breaking in private property to steal stuff and trash everything on a large scale like the romas did . 
  when 100 % of your daily interactions with roma people are them trying to scam you , pickpocket you , trying to break in your house to steal stuff or settling on private property and leaving it completly trashed afterwards what are you supposed to say ? 
  they are truly unique in this regard , i never met a people that had such disregard for others . 
  like i may criticize some traits from muslim community from time to time but i know a lot of muslims who are truly great people and i do n't mind saying it . 
  i literally never met a single roma that was not trying to scam or steal from me . 
  are there honest roma ? 
  maybe i do n't know but i never had a single encounter with them that was in any way positive . 
  i tried the `` they are just the bad eggs '' method at the start , then i grew tired of finding them excuses every time . 
  if i ever meet romas that seem genuinely cool maybe i will revise my judgement but that has yet to happen . 
  the only thing i could say to you is come live next to a roma camp for a full year and see if you succeed in staying completly impartial and neutral about them , i know i failed in this regard but you may be stronger than me . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  we can listen to as much us pop culture as we want on the internet . 
  the quota is just to give a chance to french speaking artists to be heard . 
  if what they do is shit they still fade from memory into a matter of months but at least they get their chance despite not having the same means as us artists . 
  basically that . 
  they know it never fails to sell paper so that 's the filler when there is no newsworthy event . 
  no one speaks about only talking about rousseau on french medias . 
  that 's not how this quota works . 
  french hip hop made by young sons of immigrants youth from poor neighborhood counts in the quota , we ca n't really say hip hop was performed at the court of louis xiv , it is still considered culturally french in the quota . 
  basically the goal is to leave a place for french speaking creation without erasing foreign creation ( because 40 % for french creation still means a radio is free to broadcast 60 % of foreign creation if they want ) . 
  you say `` who 's screaming the loudest about refugees ? 
  not the communities that are impacted the most . '', 
  anyone would understand by that that you talk about people next to where the migrants are living . 
  i am asking you to specify as a courteous gesture . 
  it is certainly not my fault if you were being unclear about what you meant . 
  your first comment is not being very clear on what you are talking about . 
  what were you talking about specifically when you say :  who 's screaming the loudest about refugees ? 
  not the communities that are impacted the most . 
  for those who do cry out , the argument is a pretext to cloak their bigotry . 
  it 's okay to call them out . 
  do you have any stats on how many gypsies are shot by european polices ? 
  do n't be dishonest ... you know the proverb : `` when someone is an asshole to you , then they are the asshole , when everyone is an asshole to you , then you probably are the asshole '' . 
  literally everyone that had to live next to a roma camp hates their guts within a week , the only people that ever defend them are people who live sheltered in districts where they never have to live next to them . 
  romas were virtually unknown in france five years ago , whenever they started arriving here everyone hated them within months and it is basically the same in every country where they go . 
  either they are being the assholes of the story or it is literally the first large scale psychic phenomenom ever observed in history . 
  i never downvote anyone because i think downvotes equal to censorship . 
  if you took a downvote it 's not from me . 
  i understand the point he was trying to make ( that the arrival of large number of migrants will have no real impact on eu populations because their number will remain stable ) , i disagree with it . 
  most european countries have a pretty stable demography and it is even negative in some countries , while the country where the refugees come from have much more positive demographies , which seem to indicate that their relative place into european population will probably grow with time .
