  it 's exactly like when americans ask each other where their families come from and the other say `` i come from an irish family , we emigrated during the 18th century blah blah blah '' . 
  are they assembling in hogwarts or something ? 
  fuck this guy, 
  les r\u00e9publicains : capitalists economically , conservative socially . 
  generally reputed pro-business . 
  parti socialiste : capitalists economically , more progressive socially ( they are the ones who allowed gay marriage for example ) . 
  generally reputed more friendly toward modest income people , in practice they are pretty much like `` les r\u00e9publicains '' and are pretty pro-business too . 
  front national : nationalists , conservative socially , economically protectionnists . 
  they pretend they care about the poor , they are actually very pro-rich but want to favor french rich people over foreign rich people . 
  they used to be seen as very racist , they are trying to change that image now with some success . 
  a sizable part of their sympathizers still are racists , concerning their leadership it is more open to debate . 
  anti-eu . 
  bretagne is a very regionalist region . 
  they like to keep their language and celtic traditions and mistrust the french centralized government . 
  sarkozy is a crook and the one that put us in this shit situation to begin with . 
  if the right had an ounce of common sense they would kick him out immediatly . 
  haha yeah let s continue to pretend that the fn getting good scores is just an anomaly , surely that will solve the problem . 
  the number of things i could do right now is close to infinite . 
  if a newspaper titled that i could grab a knife in the kitchen right now and go murder my girlfriend who is sleeping in the next room , would you start calling me an assassin and begin using my face in anti-domestic violence campaign ? 
  of course not , yet i totally `` could '' go stab my girlfriend right now , just like i `` could '' do an infinite number of other things . 
  that does not mean i will do these things . 
  i do n't even see the point of this article honestly . 
  dat moment when putin starts looking like the good guy of the story . 
  but ... but please tell them to stop being mean . 
  really ? 
  what about ? 
  i have not been following the news much these last days . 
  that was actually quite smart . 
  ue is not forbidding anything , they are just putting on labels and let the consumer choose . 
  by retaliating against labelling products from settlements as such , bibi is just saying he knows settlements are not morally defendable . 
  i hope i still can get a refund for these plane tickets . 
  personnally i felt like getting in the mindset that we are in war helps . 
  europe has a lot of experience of war and civilian victims are a part of it whether we want it or not . 
  millions of civilians died in ww2 , it was a time when you could literally get killed while you sleep by an artillery shell falling through your roof . 
  yet people lived , they still went grocery shopping , they still went to shows . 
  i do n't want our generation to be remembered as the one that sees one hundred people dying on tv and is then terrified of doing anything . 
  our grand-parents went through terrible shit and lived and so will i. 
  the best picture of the nation-wide tribute to the victims of the paris attacks ( french people were asked to put a tricolore at their windows ) https://twitter.com/reutersparispix/status/670216507356528640, 
  i really hope they will be safe . 
  we are here , just saying !, 
  the difference is that bank robbers want to kill as few people as possible , they just want money . 
  terrorists want to kill anyone they can . 
  sure it would be better if there was no robberies but in the end a `` simple robbery '' bears much less consequences for the people involved . 
  yes , i do . 
  hence the gif . 
   authorities believe that abdeslam served as a getaway driver for a set of suicide bombers http://i.imgur.com/d9g16vy.gif concerning his presence in gay venues , he was probably trying to blend in . 
  one of the kamikaze owned a bar serving alcohol for the same reason . 
  they purposefully do things an islamist radical would be forbidden to do so as not to raise suspicion . 
  it is part of their art of war or something . 
  apparently three months is now indefinitly . 
  it 's not a question of isis posing threats or not . 
  it is a question of giving weapons to the police to deal with the enemies of the inside that are currently within the population . 
  will they find them all ? 
  will isis still be a threat after these three months ? 
  yep . 
  will there be other attacks ? 
  probably . 
  it is still a major setbacks for would be kouachis . 
  dozens of cells will be dismantled ( they already dismantled a few ) and a lot of weapons and intell will be seized allowing the police to understand better how they proceed , what they plan , how they are organized and whatnot . 
  as much as we like to think the terrorists have unlimited manpower and funds , forming cells , smuggling them in europe , organizing attacks etc. . . takes time . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  who the hell talked about porn or p2p ? 
  i think it can help greatly honestly . 
  i remember a few months back on this very subreddit people asking why in hell would people filed as being linked to djihad movements be able to mount things like charlie hebdo ( all the perpetrators had a `` s '' file ) . 
  that was because they laid low and made sure they were not noticed by the law because they knew that if they did there would be no way for police to search their homes or do anything against them by lack of elements . 
  right now the same guys are shitting their pants and a lot of them have been arrested already because the warrant-less searches in some of their homes allowed police to seize weapons and tons of ammo as well as computers and burners phones . 
  sure , it is not very democratic but it is definitly effective . 
  i am sure the police will make huge advances on cases that had been frozen for months by lack of new elements . 
  i personnally totally support these three months of state of emergency . 
  i would not support one day more than that though . 
  he is born in barcelona and has been named manuel by his parents . 
  because terrorists should be fought with flowers and little hearts , everyone knows that . 
  only bloodthirsty barbarians defend themselves when attacked . 
  it could indeed . 
  the culture of these areas seems to be the main factor in these attacks , it would be foolish to consider that these cultures have not been at least in part shaped by centuries of being in major part muslim . 
  because [ this sociologist ] ( http://blogs.mediapart.fr/blog/eric-fassin/021210/homosexuels-des-villes-homophobes-des-banlieues ) says so mainly and because what he says is pretty heavily sourced . 
  now i am sure you would find many reasons but it seems like the main problem is the `` macho man '' culture which is a weird mix of islam , gangster movies , mediterrean culture and traditions and an attempt at imitating us gang culture . 
  [ in this article ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/societe/attentats-le-commanditaire-presume-abdelhamid-abaaoud-est-mort-19-11-2015-1983059_23.php ) , a former classmate says he was a little prick . 
  `` he was a little prick '' , [ ... ] an ex-classmate told belgian tabloid `` la derni\u00e8re heure '' . 
  i thought it was an important piece of information . 
  no one denies that . 
  i had the occasion to talk with a couple of openly racist guys from my old city a few years back during same sex marriage . 
  from what they said they did not care that they existed or what they did in private , they just thought their public display of affection were indecent and disgusting . 
  she spoke against it before it was voted but said clearly it would be impossible to remove it now and that she would make no attempt to do so . 
  mainly that some gay people are tired of being targeted by some muslims and are going to give their vote to the ones who seem more bent on fighting them . 
  pretty much they have a very `` tough on crime '' discourse . 
  i would guess the victims want more means for police to find and punish the ones committing these attacks . 
  depends what you call attacks but no they are not super common and generally centered around very specific areas . 
  it still happens though and it should not . 
  sos-homophobie publishes a yearly report on declared homophobic attacks and we currently are around 2000 events a year . 
  they are not official figures or anything but it still gives an idea . 
  civil pact can be whatever the legislator want . 
  as it exists currently in france it has less rights and obligations but you could just make it with the exact same rights and obligations as marriage without calling it marriage so the muslims and catholic fundamentalists are happy . 
  are you really suggesting segregation for gay people ? 
  i answered directly . 
  she is for a civil pact for gay people but is against marriage and adoption . 
  i guess it 's hollande 's way of saying fuck you to isis . 
  google translation made your comment not very understandable . 
  not entirely surprising . 
  the majority of the attacks of gay people are from muslim guys from poor suburbs who have an absolut loathing for anything they perceive as unmanly .
