  it is not rare to see those in great chef 's kitchens . 
  same here , i am more a staub person . 
  maybe the fact they are shopping for countries with benefits should tell you all you need to know about them ? 
  italy is worth it , even if only for the food . 
  if they manage to not screw the next assassin 's creed for once we may consider it . 
  if you are supporting quebec separatism from canada , how can you oppose basque separatism in france ? 
  it is only logical . 
  what is donetsk republic doing there ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
  allows to cut on benefit costs . 
  perfect , they can have them no problem . 
  the situation is settled guys , we can all go home !, 
  of course it is . 
  seems like nothing has been thought through . 
  how astonishing . 
  is it ? 
  the video is definitly used by right wing people to push their agenda but the report itself seems legit . 
  the guy at the start is how i imagine / u/dclauzel speaks english . 
  from the excerpts from wikileaks that i read sarkozy wanted petrol deals for french companies and kadhafi was adamant that he would not sell his petrol industries to foreigners . 
  sarkozy is a dipshit and should be judged for warcrime in my opinion . 
  before that sarkozy had working relationships with kadhafi and had even promised to support kadhafi 's projects for africa . 
  i know one song in russian ( i studied some russian but forgot much of it by lack of practice but managed to remember this song by heart ) and i remember singing it while drunk once or twice . 
  ena is only good at educating fuckwit politicians on how to lead morons like us . 
  i just hope this school burns to the ground one day , it has only been hurting france since it has been created . 
  he just cherry picked left wing fan groups and decided it was an unanimous feeling . 
  why just in 3rd world country . 
  this is practiced pretty much anywhere . 
  who do you think funds the campaign of your politicians ? 
  only the methods change . 
  in our countries it is called `` lobbying '' . 
  at this point i just feel it is a poor attempt at pleasing merkel . 
  i am definitly with hungary on this one . 
  he is . 
  he still is struggling with some anger management issues though . 
  fuck fabius honestly . 
  hungary has a right to ensure its border is secure . 
  haha these arguments are so naive . 
  i am convinced that those who use them are actually trying to convince themselves . 
  no way someone would actually believe that importing more unemployed people will actually be good for economy . 
  the only way it could happen is through huge social dumping , benefitting only those who are already rich . 
  and the pension part is hilarious too `` we are ruining our country forever but hey , our pensions will be paid so it 's all cool ! '', 
  if you live in europe chances are your country surrendered to france at some point in history so i assume your history books will contain all the information you need on that . 
  quite a civil political remark ? 
  really that 's what you call that ? 
  she is basically saying `` okey , i decided to accept everyone so everyone should do the same '' and then a few days later `` okey , countries a , b and c what the fuck are you doing i said everyone should do the same as me , so do it '' , and you call that a civil remark ? 
  it 's the principle . 
  merkel is acting like an asshole , pointing fingers at countries as if the whole eu belonged to her . 
  this is awful for german image . 
   `` german economy powerful as never before - rest of europe complaining they are using migrants as cheap work for unfair advantage . '', 
  that 's exactly what is happening and germans will have to work for the same fare as the migrants . 
  sure germany will do fine but german workers will be the chinese of europe . 
  and i am not even talking about the crazy cultural tensions between the communities . 
  but do n't worry , german industrials and politicians will be filthy rich so it was all worth it . 
  yeah . 
  if merkel wanted to make germany hated by everyone she would not do it any other way . 
  she is behaving like a fucking eu dictator . 
  the problem in my opinion is merkel unilateraly choosing to take everyone and then pressuring others to do the same and pointing the finger at the `` bad students '' . 
  who the fuck she thinks she is ? 
  is her objective to make germany universally hated in europe . 
  that 's mainly what i think will happen but i do think the way the refugee crisis is being dealt with is pathetic . 
  what i would like personally would be more integration but with big reforms on the way the ue works so it is much more democratic . 
  as it is it mainly feels like big money is at the steering wheel and that there is no cohesion whatsoever . 
  a good example of industrial brioche that is not bad at all is the [ `` brioche tress\u00e9e '' by pasquier ] ( http://www.prixing.fr/images/product_images/e98/e9856996664b8081cb338c27fc23f418.jpg ) ( most of what pasquier does is good enough generally ) . 
  it can be found pretty much everywhere . 
  not sure how easy it will be to find good brioche outside of france . 
  i tasted some in uk once and it was super fat and disgusting . 
  brioche should be fatter than bread but it should not be oozing fat . 
  sweet things are mainly eaten on [ brioche ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brioche ) in france . 
  bread is typically eaten with cheese or pork products . 
  it 's okey . 
  i like the chunky one occasionally but i would not buy it all the time . 
  i buy maybe a little jar a year . 
  voted for regression . 
  the way the migrant crisis is led is pathetic in my opinion . 
  ue showed a total lack of foresight and cohesion and are trying to impose policies on each other while letting down the ones bearing the brunt of the refugees . 
  i think the result will be a big rise of far right and euroskepticism and anger toward germany for willingly making the situation worse by encouraging refugees to come and goading other countries to follow its example . 
  any attempt at further integration will be met with hostility among people and any demagogue willing to bash ue will get listened to however stupid his agenda may be . 
  that 's exactly like saying muslims are terrorists because some of them are terrorists . 
   isis does n't have supply lines you know , stop supporting `` rebels '' and you will find the wars soon simmer and die as they run out of ammo . 
  they do actually . 
  they sell oil at a bargain price and get billions out of it . 
  and when you have billions you can always find retailers ready to sell to you , even if you are literally hitler . 
  years which really matter ( e.g. 
  if the invasion of poland kicks it off , or czechoslovakia , or operation barbarossa to the surrender of japan or surrender of germany ) : invasion of poland for us but we mainly sat there waiting for the german to finish off poland . 
  noun associated with the warfare period ( e.g. 
  shelter , fear , patriotism , survival ) : incompetence ? 
  the troops fought well for the most part but high command completly dropped the ball . 
  then p\u00e9tain arrived and fucked things up even more but voluntarily this time . 
  noun associated with the end of the war ( e.g. 
  victory , defeat , subjugation , happiness ) : happiness i guess but there a measure of shame as well as we knew we did not really did well in this one . 
  the role of your country in the war ( e.g. 
  pulling power , battlefield , punching bag ) : mainly punching bag we did not have a really big role in this particular war . 
  the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss ( e.g. 
  forced , traitors , nazis ) : depends . 
  the ones who joined the charlemagne division were generally shot as soon as they fell between the hands of the free french forces . 
  the alsatian who got drafted into the wehrmacht were mostly given a pass providing they joined the free french army for a little while after they got captured . 
  there were still some suspicion but mostly they were left alone . 
  the role of national partisans within your country ( e.g. 
  miniscule , patriotic , necessary ) : i think french resistance got pretty instrumental in the success of d-day . 
  they greatly delayed german reinforcements by sabotaging railroads .
