  additionally bdv voice was always heard by cdu . 
  additionally until 1990 germany considered reconquering some areas annexed during ww2 , so it 's not an easy thing . 
  from the other side : in early 90 's i was attending some local organisation of expelled meeting and nothing strange happened : some older people in local dresses discussed about good old days and nothing more . 
  that 's right but they were ok with their representation by ` wehrmacht refugee ' ( i write about bdv ) . 
  you know , frenchmen have many good looking ( some great ) buildings , but this is not one of them . 
  some of these expelled people from poland came here with german forces in 1939-45 ( steinbach family case ) . 
  look like commie block with greek style columns . 
  germans should not teach others about refugees until such persons as erika steinbach consider themself and are recognized as refugees ( expulsed one in other words ) . 
  last year 's german edeka ad was better ... 
  i do n't think about border crossing but border itself - which should meet several conditions . 
  i do n't think also that these conditions are met everywhere - as it was seen on hungary-serbia border before immigration crisis . 
  so it 's not croatia - slovenia border . 
  i was misleaded by title and famous be-nl border ( but inside schengen ) . 
  it looks nice at the first sight but there is one question : slovenia is in schengen area while croatia does n't . 
  it 's faulty that we hear all this bs about strong outside borders - and these pictures show the reality . 
  i 'm not against croatia in schengen area , but let 's finish all border disputes , join schengen area and everything will be fine . 
  yes , they are `` guest '' workers . 
  and syrians are who ? 
  `` guest '' social welfare takers ? 
  it 's crazy thing because they want to go to germany and germans initially wanted to take them as germany has lack of working people . 
  apparently `` refugees '' do n't want to work and plan collapsed . 
  everyone understands that kaka is bad ( especially eating kaka ) . 
   it depends on where are they from , if they are running from a war , if they are political-persecuted people etc. 
  this is necessary condition but not enough for me . 
  for example : if someone lost his home it is good when society can propose him some decent place to live ( at least for some time ) but if this person says - this flat is not for me i need a villa with swimming pool and you have to provide it for me - it 's something wrong . 
  if i hear that current war refugees flee from holiday resorts in portugal because they want germany or nothing - i do n't consider them as refugees but simply immigrants . 
  being immigrant and looking for best life conditions is nothing wrong but is such case they should notice that there are some preconditions they should meet . 
  ukrainians understand that and this is the cause that they are welcomed in poland and current syrians not . 
  and it is not that we love ukrainians ( see wo\u0142y\u0144 genocide ) and hate arabs ( as a part of soviet bloc we were allies of them and many people studied here , some of them stayed and until recent situation problem did n't exist ) . 
  the main question is `` are they really refugees ? '', 
  - i do n't think so . 
  when i think about refugees from syria at war i see this poor people in primitive shelters in lebanon , not these people who are saying as mantra `` germany - sweden '' or something like this . 
  v4 made one fault . 
  it should accept everything ( it was or had to be sponsored by whole eu ) , open facilities near german border , invite ( i.e. 
  force to move ) there everyone and wait . 
  in one month all would be empty . 
  we can not build camps with barbed wire of course - it 's crime against humanity , is n't it ? 
  which refugees poland has not accepted ? 
   immigrants = / = refugees you have right . 
  they are immigrants , not refugees . 
   people are forcing us to stay with the threat of sanctions you can always ask russia for support . 
  in second step you can join their `` union state '' . 
  i understand that but that was the fact . 
  do you remember start of ww2 - nobody wanted to die for danzig and everything was ok until conflict escalated . 
  i do n't think so . 
  most of them want to have better conditions and trying to improve it by harder work , not waiting for free lunch as some our friends from asia/africa . 
  but what was narration for these wars ? 
  some crazy guys shelling each other . 
  i do n't want to underrate all bad things at yugoslav conflicts , but for northern part of europe it was only local thing - horrible , but local . 
  not comparable to conflict with russia . 
  there are two truths about this : first which you mentioned - we do n't like your government so they are obviously populists and second that polish politics is populist since beginning of `` freedom '' . 
  nothing more to expect as you read ingredients section . 
  in case of tusk there is only one question : if things in eu get worse where he would escape ? 
   podhaale maybe you are from podh\u00e4\u00e4le or something, 
  makerussiafinishedagain ? 
  both countries tried to gain some land but still supported latvian independence . 
  complicated but show how our relations are build . 
  this `` estonia and poland and lithuania '' is a little misleading - all these countries was involved in fights on latvian side . 
  no it is not joke . 
  i think they consider people which try to pass some ef exams , not whole population . 
  i would n't say normal or not - simply old fashioned . 
  there are so big differences how banking systems work so it is hard to determine what is normal and what not . 
  i think that germans do n't want to experiment and change it since it works . 
  the first thing is that paying somewhere with non-german card was not easy thing several years ago . 
  cash or ec only . 
  now its better but even now strange situations can happen . 
  example from last month : some time ago i bought as a private person some service from big german company . 
  it was possible to pay online using card but as it was mentioned here payment was not visible for some days . 
  since i have 3ds enabled it was strange for me that it was not activated . 
  german company informed me that payment was accepted on its side so i did n't search how it worked . 
  funniest thing was when i complained about this service and company offered me discount . 
  i said that they can return money on my card ( since i have paid with it ) - they say that it is not possible and they will send me `` verrechnungscheck '' . 
  i googled what it is and was really scared how to get this money . 
  after all they said that they know sepa payments so problem was solved . 
  no , no , no . 
  you have problem with directions - your vychod clearly comes from wychodek ( free standing toilet ) / s, 
  are you hard core pis electorate ? 
  with nationalistic point of view ? 
  these people still live in imaginary world where `` polan stronk '' and dream about conquering kresy . 
  others feel ashamed but who cares . 
  nothing . 
  it 's only for internal reason ( as whole polish foreign politics ) . 
  it is not bad to trigger other countries but you should have plan why and what you want to archive . 
  as you mentioned - there is lack of such plan . 
  amateurs . 
  that 's the problem with old fashioned monarchy when ruler was male ( king ) and had wife ( queen ) . 
  as woman is the ruler problem appears . 
  in medieval poland problem was solved - we had king jadwiga . 
  after her marriage title was transferred to her husband - now husband would be probably ` prince ' . 
  there was sense in that . 
  it was clearly win of soviets - they had time to rest , germans were at fights with poles . 
  many poles were dead ( potentially aggressive towards soviet army perfect situation . 
  not exactly . 
  mallorca is not so small . 
  if you choose magalluf you will have lots of drunk britons , in s ` areal the same but in german version . 
  other places are more suitable for families with children etc. 
   gazeta polska is for ~ ~ retired ~ ~ retarded persons . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's euronews fault , not yours :-), 
   poland does not explicitly allow or recognise dual citizenship , yet it is tolerated by the government for a polish person to hold two passports .
