i understand your point of view , but for me inserting new players ( in order to break up these old powers ) was care for them . 
  he wanted new countries like no other us president . 
  for usa realations with russia were always more important than relations with some small , weak ee countries . 
  some us presidents talked about our importance , but this only meant that they want us in their sphere of influence , not russian ( as a part of game with russia , player on similar and for some years the same level in foreign politics ) . 
  the only one us president who really cared for ee countries was woodrow wilson . 
  yep , i was joking a little from yours `` u is different from o '' , because in polish `` u '' is vocally equivalent to '' \u00f3 '' . 
  and is different from `` o '' of course . 
  generally you have right ( difference of letters with diacritic signs ) but as we know metal umlaut and so on is so sexy for some people . 
   just like u is different from o are you trying to tell us that u is different from \u00f3 ? 
  the status quo in taiwan is not so bad for china . 
  both sides claim that they are one country ( taiwan and mainland china ) , they have the same view in foreign relations ( generally of course ) . 
  until taiwan want to be separate country as a e.g. 
  literally taiwan ( not republic of china ) , prc will do nothing . 
  and the second interesting fact was that operation was financed partially by private company . 
  this company was involved in one of biggest financial scandals in '90s in poland . 
  their owners fled ( of course ) to israel . 
  me too - about 80 %, 
   \u0160altibar\u0161\u010diai yes , it very famous ( and very good ofc ) lithuanian food , but dumplings from our region are also still one of the greatest things . 
  following your way of thinking we should smash cepelinai also ... 
  they are very close to pierogi/other dumplings . 
  i personally would leave them on list - stuffed pastry ( = dumplings ) is common around the world , but there are some differences that make them unique - in case of pierogi stuffing : especially ruskie ( yes i know , it 's common heritage for poles and ruthenians/ukrainians ), 
  moscow-petushki is a great description of russian spirit ( nomen omen ) . 
  this is one thing . 
  the second is that `` life expectancy '' refers to all people . 
  it 's something different from `` how many years a current 64yo will be still alive '' . 
   repressive nature of the totalitarian dictatorship broke up the soviet union . 
  i do n't think so - in my opinion lack of repressive nature during gorbachev 's rule broke up the su . 
  you know what you have to do in eastern poland ... 
  it 's ` murican way of seeing . 
  they did n't consider that countries in europe changed they areas and the result is totally shit . 
  poorly ? 
  maybe we 've watched different show . 
  nu , pogodi is very good : perfect voice-over for characters , very good set of background music in every episode ( at least in 16 first , soviet ones ) . 
  i think the clue is in word `` formatted '' . 
  you will never reach the formatting of latex in word , so creating good ( typographically ) document in word is almost impossible , but if you consider usual business standard then word for average employee is better choice . 
  soviet of course . 
  but nu , pogodi is very good show . 
  my child watches it now and i still like it ( as an adult ) . 
  and soviet episodes are significantly better than russian . 
  but `` the unwitting patients are still suffering the consequences . '', 
   i am not challenging canada 's right to decide on its own immigration/visa policy , i am just saying that visa policy is not clean cut science , no matter how many numbers we want to put on it . 
  and romanian 's right is not to sign ttip/ceta . 
  at least your government knows that . 
  our will sign everything what will come across the ocean ( we have visa free traver possibility to canada , but not us ) . 
  samuel wilder, 
  and what will be if neo-nazi scum will be still pilgrimage to this place ? 
  will they demolish entire street or maybe even town ? 
  nobody knows . 
  i tried to check it and only found a legend ( created nowadays ) that name came from eels ( `` w\u0119gorze '' in polish ) . 
  that 's the problem - in poland we do n't have any neutral media , all is biased totally . 
  other thing is that ministry of enviroment is as always best place to put some crazy guys ( as all political leaders consider that they can not ` harm ' politics ) . 
  i do n't think so . 
  pis is kind of people that need an ass to lick . 
  commies have licked russians asses , and many current politicians in poland used to lick american asses . 
  it 's the same thing what sikorski mentioned in infamous recordings . 
  do n't think so . 
  pis event before start of talks with airbus talked about changing supplier to aw or lm . 
  they have factories in area which is considered for being pro-pis . 
  clearly inspired by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sn%c4%9b%c5%beka#/media/file:schronisko_sniezka.jpg, 
  i 'm against current changes but i have not hope that next government will be better . 
  po - compromised autocrats , nowoczesna - they even can not correctly perform money transfers but want to lead the country , commies and so on - they only want to steal our money , psl will literally do everything for positions , kukiz , korwin and so on - it 's better not to speak ... 
  i do n't see any hope for me here . 
  in general polish politics work in `` hate and revenge '' schema . 
  constitutional court case , forcing 6 yo 's going to school etc. 
  now pis have fear that passing strict ban would open the door for left-wingers and change to full legality of abortion in few years . 
  at the moment change is to ban third subject ( when the fetus is seriously malformed or has probability of genetic problems ) . 
  they called it `` eugenics '' . 
  terlikowski is literally crazy guy . 
  he is very popular here as his views are so radical . 
  he can be compared with some radical imams . 
  most catholics here have moderate views but if somebody wants to show that `` there is something with church '' always has plenty of possibilities to cite him . 
  so i will put it : - telewizja republika is for life and joy . 
  therefore , on monday we have white day . 
  day of solidarity with the lives of unborn children - says tomasz terlikowski , editor-in-chief of the telewizja republika . 
  lecturers , reporters and employees of the station will have that day plugged in dresses or jackets flaps white ribbons . 
  a few days ago to work in the parliamentary committee sent the bill the committee `` stop abortion '' tightening abortion laws . 
  the draft provided for the imprisonment , among others , for doctors and pregnant women for abortion . 
  because of plans for the liquidation of the existing abortion compromise on the monday october 3 has been planned for `` black protest '' . 
  on this day in major cities will be organized pickets and happenings , and women are rumored to use unpaid leave and take leave upon request or child care . 
  when asked by wirtualnemedia.pl publishers and broadcasters do not encourage women to participate in the protest ( apart from agora , which issued on this message to all employees ) , but allow for the absence of workers and preparing to do so . 
  nationwide strike action women is modeled on the protest of women in iceland , which 41 years ago paralyzed the country one day in protest , demanding equality and fair pay . 
  the idea of a protest against the ban on abortion suggested actress krystyna janda . 
  the average share of telewizja republika in the first half of this year is about 0.12 percent . 
  unfortunately ` china air ' is here especially in winter ... 
  polish people have strong experience in living with hostile government . 
  partitions , german occupation , soviet occupation , 27 years of `` freedom '' . 
  every pole know that government is their enemy and nothing else . 
  always when i hear about such projects ( many talks and nothing done ) i have this fear about other legislations too . 
  maybe someone should provide some facts : there were 2 projects - one with total abortion ban and second counter-project with total liberation of abortion . 
  pis ( current government , bad national-socialists and anti-democrats as written sometimes here ) wanted both project to put to legislation groups for further proceeding ( as they declare support for all peoples initiatives ) , po ( previous government ) wanted to kill both projects ( as they do n't want change in current law and generally do n't like peoples initiatives ) , nowoczesna ( group of some funny people calling themself ` liberals ' ) wanted to kill anti-abortion law and psl ( previous government ) wanted to kill this liberal project . 
  it 's total mess ( as always ) . 
  some say that it was n't him , but it fits perfectly here . 
  `` laws are like sausages , it is better not to see them being made . '', 
  said one german politician . 
  not guessing what is more biased - all of them ( newsweek , wyborcza , niezale\u017cna etc. ), 
  can not be read standalone - only in pairs ( po and pis side ) . 
  only then it is possible to find what is going on really ( but not always ) . 
  it was n't first step ( ofc one among first steps ) . 
  me to , but when i read somewhere that something is from `` neues deutschland '' red ( nomen nomen ) light is switching on for me . 
  and interesting fact : przegorza\u0142y is a nazi `` castle '' .
