  mushroom sauce is also good addition but it is not ` hungarian style ', 
  land of free , honest and equal seems to be good but many times in history we had situation when developed organisations were conquered by primitive but stronger ones . 
  edit : grammar, 
  this peace march reminds me [ children 's crusade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children%27s_crusade ) . 
  so dr eva filipi will have plenty of work . 
  little side note : there are 1 grosz , 2 grosze , but 5 groszy . 
   left-wingers hate him and  he supports the left-wing i see something bizarre here . 
  but i do n't think that usage of these pictures in such context is appropriate . 
  we can not do anything directly for these poor people ( i mean holocaust victims ) now but using their image should be done always with sensitivity and it is a thing we can and we should do . 
  there is lack of such sensitivity here - even i consider that shaming these `` tourists '' is ok . 
  `` jumping on dead jews '' . 
  i do n't really know what is the real intention of this site but it 's my `` shame meter '' is out of scale . 
  according to wikipedia :  [ jean-marie ] le pen directed the 1965 presidential campaign of far-right candidate jean-louis tixier-vignancour , who obtained 5.19 % of the votes . 
  he insisted on the rehabilitation of the collaborationists https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-marie_le_pen, 
  yup , it 's literally nazi propaganda and have much in common with marine le pen confessions ( as seen on other thread here ) . 
  are all these le pens connected to petain government supporters ? 
  this explain their love to suck dicks of leaders of other countries . 
  it is real scenario of course , but with uk as 51st state . 
  you know - i have read something deep true about polish society in foreign media only once - in russian kommiersant . 
  it was that poles are aware that government is always against them ( years of partitions , soviet and german occupation etc. ), 
  and they are prepared for it . 
  so life is going on . 
  and what 's problem with rule of law ? 
  constitutional court - do n't be silly - in last 8 years they were on today 's opposition leash and nobody had problems except two cases with pension funds ( but it was directly against big finance companies - and they shouted loudly ) . 
  please decide : you want to eat or to drink ? 
  bar mleczny should be considered as good option every time . 
  and they were called `` ready 's '' earlier ( imho based on `` goody 's '' ), 
   that is as bad in spanish as it is in english but it is not in polish . 
  someone translated it word by word . 
  it 's because some parents that want to have more international name of child ( international = better in their opinion ) use names heard from foreign tv productions often in malformed/badly polonised version ( d\u017cesika is jessica , and\u017celika from angelica instead of our aniela etc ) . 
  my favourite of jessica form is the one written as jesika ( which literally means `` eats pisses '' ), 
  with jonasz probably nothing - it is quite rare , but traditional polish name . 
  but d\u017cesika , jesika , jesica etc. 
  stigmatizes child . 
  if you ask these people here in poland about riots in usa they will say that they are on higher level of evolution because they are white . 
  polish ` folklore ' . 
  one retard is putting fireworks into bar . 
  others have good reason for demolition and aggression against police . 
  of course air pollution is a big problem - but it 's not true that others are clean . 
  even more - they are worse than us but nobody cares . 
  more interesting is emission per capita : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita and we have unexpected winner in europe . 
  there are two separate things : one is what ordinary people do and second how the state is functioning . 
  first one is the thing which is going well and the second not so good . 
  justice is ill , public services on very low level and people wanted ( as always in 27 years ) to change it . 
  of course there is no hope that it will lead to something good as we have the same people at steering wheel ( only names of political parties are changing ) . 
  previous government believed that they have silver bullet for everything and results of voting showed that their were n't right . 
  current government wants to revenge on them and tries to destroy all changes made by previous ones . 
  sometime they have right , sometimes not - but they do n't understand that some things you should do in proper way ( even if you have right ) . 
  there is a common thing in germany which i do n't understand . 
  some years ago i was to my german family and it was saturday about 2pm . 
  something basic was missing and local grocery was closed . 
  the only open shop in neighbourhood was aldi ( nord ) . 
  i told them i will go there and buy this thing and i spotted their mixed reactions . 
  finally i went there and after that i asked them what was the problem and they respond me : `` we do n't buy anything there '' . 
  i generally go shopping for products not for feeling . 
  if at aldi is something good ( and they have here in poland * some * good products compared to competition ) i buy these things and nothing more . 
  if they want to use `` worst of communism '' they should have empty shelves at store . 
  but it 's a fact : aldi nord is not a stylish grocery . 
  to be honest this database in case of poland is totally mess . 
  it contains some robberies and murders - not connected to terrorism . 
  there was estonia as grey area presented / s, 
  your problem is that you provide us vision you heard from others and interpret it on your own . 
  i lived in ppr time , have stood in queues etc. 
  i lived in region with not problems with toilet paper ( big factory nearby ) and we sent this ` pure gold ' to relatives ( we described content of packages as food/clothes because we know that toilet paper will be stolen at post ) . 
  i remember what was available at stores and what not . 
  but there was no hunger ( maybe someone somewhere but not generally ) . 
  system was shitty but living conditions was not as bad as you describe . 
  i should not answer to this obvious low quality trolling but if someone with silesia flair insults others for not understanding polish is double hilarious . 
  rah & rae license plates are not from rzeszowskie . 
  it 's actually radom . 
  there is one thing people with similar to yours point of view should know : it 's not 30 's - the attitude of germans towards poles is different . 
  there are some problems but on minor scale . 
  i know this story . 
  generally creating home for handicapped people was a good choice , but if owner does n't want some changes it is n't good to force him to sale . 
  i also understand that government does n't want to create possibility to praise hitler but if some retards still want to praise him they will find another way . 
  maybe not directy conquest , but genghis khan is praised : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinggis_khaan_international_airport https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genghis_khan_equestrian_statue, 
  i read it . 
  austrian government want to seize property because owner does n't want to do something they want . 
  is there any reason to do that ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it remembers me hitler 's regime acts to seize all property of people not in line with their policy . 
  in poland moser roth is for 5,99 z\u0142 , so it 's about 1,35 $ . 
  all poles near german border do shopping in german supermarkets . 
  gwiazdor is better than st. nicolaus because you avoid questions like why he is giving gift two times in year ... 
  is not the same case ? 
  they declared independence first and after that asked russia for joining . 
  if description exactly defines group which does something wrong then it 's ok . 
  the same kind of parallel : i do n't have problem with describing poles as thieves even if i never steal anything . 
  there is a problem in polish community and there are more such cases compared to e.g. 
  germany . 
  it depends on level of political correctness : - do n't want to be racist : ` dutch citizen caught red handed ' - do n't want to be xenophobe : ` man caught red handed ' - do n't want to be sexist : ` human caught red handed ', 
  it 's simple : when roma/gypsy from romania does something wrong in media outlets is not described as roma/gypsy but as `` romanian citizen '' . 
  romanians ? 
  it 's crazy that politically correct media do n't want to use the name of group but use instead e.g. 
  `` romanian citizen '' . 
  i observed in southern europe ( greece , spain ) one thing - sometimes behaviour of people is strange , but there is much more cooperation between them . 
  we have fight everyone versus each other - maybe it is the problem ? 
  i do n't think so - e.g. 
  common practice in poland which is overtaking on pedestrian crossings ( forbidden by law ) has nothing in common with car . 
  1 % means about 1 million people - it 's large group .
