  it 's bulgaria : `` always with germany , never against russia '' . 
  life was best in hungary and sfrj ( not comecon of course ) . 
  czechoslovakia had not so bad quality but especially compared to pre-communist state it was disaster . 
  like other media too . 
  i have watched news at tvp and tvn about bratislava summit . 
  tvn : big success of tusk and his vision , tvp : tusk has stolen junckers ideas ... 
  unbelievable that tusk has any vision . 
  is n't it some polish folk music ? 
  tbh salt is connected to many health problems . 
  we eat too much salt . 
  poland never had influence in the eu . 
  in case of maidan nobody wanted to confront with russian sphere of influence - poland was good for it . 
  in case of important peace talks nobody wanted poland ( russia as poland is strictly biased , france and germany do n't want to sit on one table with weaker ` ally ' ) . 
  polish influence is a myth - when polish politicans say what german want , then we have ` strong polish voice ' , when say different thing ( no matter if its correct or not ) - ` poland loses its influence with inappropriate saying ' . 
  like almost all current political parties in poland and its leader-style management : po and tusk , pis and kaczy\u0144ski , nowoczesna ryszarda petru and petru ( he has even his name in party name ... ) . 
  kassel is finished at least , unlike ber ... 
  i have different view on roosevelt , but let 's leave it . 
  hungary was specific at ww2 : their were allied with nazi germany but did n't participate in nazi invasion of poland ( like slovakia or not involved of course soviet union ) . 
  the same applied for other things . 
  situation of jews changes after start of german occupation of hungary and as you mentioned arrowcrossers movement did that in ' 44 . 
  in '44 most of polish jews were dead . 
  that 's the difference . 
  ` nobility inducing to drink peasants ' we know that ... 
  unfortunately not . 
  polio ? 
  there is vaccine for it . 
  polish people understand this concept perfectly . 
  lady at reception desk at youth 's hostel tried to ask dutchmen if they have sleeping-bags . 
  lady : czy macie \u015bpiw\u00f3r ( do you have sleeping-bag ) ? 
  lady : \u015api - w\u00d3r , \u015api - w\u00d3r ... 
  it 's funny when some year at grunwald/tannenberg battle reconstruction poles wanted to play jagie\u0142\u0142o ( as he was polish king ) , lithuanians ( as he was lithuanian ) and belarussians ( as some consider that that-day lithuanians are ancestors of current belarussians ... ), 
  i think it 's hard to start life in foreign country . 
  knowing someone who knows where to find some place to sleep and where to find job will be useful ( at least at beginning ) . 
  that 's the method poles have done in uk/roi . 
  the best solution is trying to find your countrymen which lives already here . 
  russians are well known for their nuclear plants security standards so it 's no problem . 
  it works in way you described . 
  if i have to pay about $ 500 for possibility entering us i go to another country . 
  it could be introduced but eu wants to profit from tourism and us not . 
  that 's the difference . 
  ( as left presidential candidate was killed there ? 
  also half / s ) smole\u0144sk obsession in pis is mainly for it 's core electorate . 
  during last voting it was chilled because they knew that making better result need to catch people who do n't believe it this bullshit . 
  and about dividing : po and pis wanted both to divide political scene into two pieces . 
  kopacz said that they loose last elections because they were not divisive * enough * . 
  polish `` public '' tv channels are since beginning government propaganda tube . 
  propaganda was , is and will be - with exception of small periods when tv management is from opposite to current government political option . 
  but you have right - quality is worsening day by day . 
  the best was at ppr time , po 's propaganda had worse quality and now - it 's totally crap . 
  if it was an accident then why russians still investigate it ? 
  maybe they found that putin personally planted bomb in plane and russians do n't know now how to handle it ? 
  the main problem is that these people mostly want to go to germany/sweden . 
  they do n't want to be in poor greece or even poorer poland , hungary or slovakia . 
  they could live in relatively safe turkey , safe greece but still wanted to go north . 
  and what you think about e.g. 
  [ that ] ( http://www.algemeiner.com/2014/09/23/betrayal-fdr-and-the-jews/ ) ? 
  1 ) is ms st. luis fate known to you ? 
  roosevelt personally wanted that jews from this ship will return to germany to persecution . 
  2 ) polish government in exile tried to inform about situation of jews in occupied poland some allied countries . 
  in us jan karski met roosevelt - and during meeting fdr was interested only in situation of horses in occupied poland . 
  karski also tried to talk with others ( politicians , non politicians ) but without any success . 
  i especially wonder what hollywood film industry people thought then ( karski also tried to inform them ) - `` do nothing now , we will have great topic in our movies in the future '' ? 
  austria-hungary probably . 
  polish ones are sometimes ( especially in historical core poland ) different . 
  the second thing is ( compared to poland ) different lifestyle - not far different but still . 
  situation of jews in hungary in ww2 was not so bad until germany started to occupy in ' 44 . 
  i understand personal experience but e.g. 
  fdr was clearly anti-semitic and nobody cares about it - he is commemorated in many ways in us . 
  it 's matter of luck , young people know english , older ones only sometimes . 
  generally you should know how to order beer and food ( knowing names for their common dishes is a must imo ) and everything else will be ok . 
  some people threaten , some not . 
  in context of uk i do n't believe that they are xenophobic . 
  drunk aggressive people always find reason to beat others - race , religion , nationality , white/blue collar etc. 
  it is common that people in poland describe xenophobia in germany , the netherlands but not in uk . 
  chechens are muslims . 
  they were accepted as they hated russians . 
  people here do n't want ` strangers ' especially when they do n't want to live ` our style ' . 
  there is no problem with ukrainians or vietnamese ( christian ) , tatars ( muslims ) . 
  you forgot slovakia and hungary . 
  they are also is this business . 
  please do n't post such stuff . 
  people will realise that there is life outside praha and crowds of tourists will be everywhere . 
  in south ? 
  it 's silesian dialect . 
  mixture of polish and german . 
  it 's sometimes not matter who deserves and who 's not . 
  germany after loosing ww1 was humiliated by winners and it was one of factors that they started ww2 . 
  after ww2 winners had another plan ( yes , i know that i 'm simplifying ) and what we have now ? 
  but what will be if they become majority ? 
  it was e.g. 
  the case of kosovo - ethnic serb territory with albanians but albanians better procreated and they became majority on this area . 
  strategically speaking it was the right move from ussr . 
  if your ( future ) enemy want to take a land which is buffer between you and him the only logical step ( if you can not stop him ) is to partite this land . 
  the same is currently in ukrainian case , especially donetsk and lugansk case - as a realpolitik case - maybe some people there want to be in russia , not ukraine . 
  i met some such people years before this crisis - they told me : we are russians not ukrainians . 
  ofc also ukrainians live in this land , so point of view depends of nationality . 
  but again in geopolitics case : what poland should do as we are still afraid of russian aggression - there are only to possibilities : a ) stop russia b ) partite ukraine as partition has no support in poland ( we do n't want to steal land from ukraine even it was polish years before ) , is geopolitically hard ( our partners would it see as hostile act ) and after annexation we would have problem with inhabitants of west ukraine ( their compared to other ukrainians are still anti-polish ) , so trying to stop russia is the only possibility to do now . 
  above was only rough geopolitical analysis - not trying to justify or not current situation . 
   well , imho the difference is that :   a. france was a member of the coalition that won the war yes , that 's the difference - poland tried to be in this coalition , but for other coalition members was valuable only as a gift for more powerful player . 
  so we lost that war and as everybody knows history is written by winners .
