  the difference is how is poland and other countries perceived : west europe countries like e.g. 
  france - some people were collaborators but some were in resistance . 
  it 's ok , that 's life . 
  maybe yes , but they still were anti-semites . 
  why hitler created these camps in poland - because local people helped them !, 
  israel organizes every year trips for pupils to death camps . 
  how is it organized ? 
  first you learn about suffering of jewish people in ww2 ( nothing unusual ) and than that you will go to the country with hostile people who still wants to kill you so beware ( but full armed security will be with you so we will try to protect you ) . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i think there is nothing to add . 
  you are 100 % right . 
  generally speaking ww2 was over 70 years ago and since 26 years we have one of the best relations with each other in history but some topics are still sensitive . 
   i do n't know as much about the history of the war in poland as i do about my own country ( the netherlands ) at the time , but i thought this variety of responses / actions was depicted quite believably . 
  in the netherlands there were also resistance fighters , people who sheltered jews and fugitives , but also people who betrayed them ( sometimes for money ) and people who actively sought out people they could hand over to the germans . 
  in fact , quite a few policemen and civil servants actively collaborated with the occupying forces , which is why a huge percentage of jews in the netherlands did n't survive the war . 
  but most people probably were n't on either end of the scale and just tried to keep themselves and the people close to them safe . 
  you are totally right in describing variety of acts during war . 
  i have heard many about ww2 from first hand and the same applies to poland . 
  not speaking about numbers , because it it hard to determine . 
  there is also a myth in poland that our underground was all times fair and correct which causes many internal shitstorms nova days ( it is not hard to find some examples against this thesis ) . 
  generally it is very sensitive topic . 
  i can understand partially german position . 
  you condemned ww2 acts and how many times you should feel sorry for crimes preformed by your great-grand fathers ? 
  but on the other hand it is remarkable that blaming poles for killing jews intensifies . 
  most productions ( including famous ones ) is strongly propaganda against poles . 
  this was such case . 
  they were socialists ( national ones but still socialists ) . 
  they looked up for the same voters as communists in germany - this is main reason for clashes and hate between them . 
  there was massive shitstorm in poland after this miniseries . 
  especially because poles were presented as core anti-semitists and german army saved jews from them . 
  german media presented this as `` yes , anti-semitism was in poland business as usual '' , polish media - `` oh no , we ? 
  jesus christ of europe - we were abused , not abusing '' and so on . 
  and then i watched this production , quite boring , nothing special , but scenes with polish underground were so badly produced that it remembered me gleiwitz provocation . 
  guys literally were speaking so bad polish with so obvious german accent that it should be considered as funny production ( with exception that there is nothing funny in extermination of people ) , not ambitious historical one as it was presented . 
  that 's right !, 
  the same thing was in your `` our fathers , out mothers '' production . 
  guys in broken polish with german accent speak that extermination of jews is good and they will do it better than germans . 
  legit polish underground . 
  the bombing of wielu\u0144 refers to air raids on the polish town of wielu\u0144 by the german luftwaffe on 1 september 1939 . 
  the luftwaffe started bombing wielu\u0144 at 04:40 , five minutes before the shelling of westerplatte , which has traditionally been considered the beginning of world war ii . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_wielu%c5%84 my history teacher at school many years ago told us this story as he studied history at university with girl who performed research on this . 
  he told us that wielu\u0144 was before westerplatte but mentioned that we should never use this knowledge in history exams elsewhere because it was not wide known fact . 
  after years it became official knowledge . 
  i can understand different words and so on . 
  but `` die paprika '' and `` der paprika '' - wtf ? 
   you did . 
  do n't tell me you supported sanctions against russia and did n't expect any consequences . 
  sanctions against russia were for nothing ? 
  but one again : i 'm very satisfied that russia closed market for food . 
  it opened eyes that russia was , is and will be unreliable . 
  former things like `` polish rotten meat '' , `` georgian poisoned water '' etc had no such impact . 
  and also situation with russians and fruits was also funny . 
  i can not . 
  czechs are generally nice and helpful . 
  do n't have problems with other nationalities ( maybe except one if you know which i mean ) . 
  no problem to live and drink together beer ;-), 
  who closed russian market for polish food ? 
  poland or russia ? 
  after several examples of such behaviour people realise that you can not have long-term deal with russians . 
  and also russia 's economy is on mexico level - it is not huge market . 
  but russian sanctions are very good for us and should n't be lifted . 
  1 ) it showed our people that russia is not reliable partner and forced them to find contracts with others ( with success ) . 
  2 ) you can see funny things like russians literally grabbing all strawberries in hotel 's restaurant in spain . 
  regarding that spanish strawberries are not their best product and can not be comparable with central european ones - russians must be in big hunger for such fruits ... 
  no , in second transaction currency was swapped to eur , so from polish point of view it 's like eur bonds . 
  i 've talked with one dacia dealer - they have only one problem with them , people are buying it and came only for new insurance . 
  do n't want new as old is still ok . 
  i 'm not sure that you know that humans educate their children . 
  they put them knowledge/behaviours which are not children choice . 
  we can take in package your schoenefeld and ber airports . 
  you will have no problems and we will try to do something with it using typical polish methods . 
  polish brigades were also ready to go but it is up to italians if they need help . 
  sometimes too many people at place will downgrade efficiency of such work . 
  so as i understood muslims and catholics do n't want independent rs as they still hope that they will return there some day ? 
  it 's that same thing as some people in poland still wants kresy to be connected with rest of poland . 
  what will be if we add this land now - we will live in one country with people who hate us . 
  but who commited genocide against albanians in kosovo ? 
  serbs from belgrade , novi sad or from kosovo ? 
  i heard ( maybe i 'm wrong ) that aggression came in first line from neighbours . 
  now they live in the same country , as area north of ibar ( mostly serbian ) is there . 
  in bosnia every group has blood on his hands - serbs commited biggest in numbers crime , but other groups were not angels . 
  and again - why muslims and catholics do n't want to have shield from serbian murderers as in kosovo case ? 
   there was no communism in eastern europe sure , but there were communists - they are the biggest problem in this ideology it should be called `` remembrance for victims of nazis and communists '', 
  thinking is this way will lead us to result that almost every language in europe is slavic ... 
   they are seeking public backing for the annual day of republika srpska to continue to be celebrated on january 9 , despite the fact that it was ruled discriminatory and thus unconstitutional by bosnia 's constitutional court . 
  and  bosniak officials meanwhile have warned that the referendum could be a prelude for another popular vote on the independence of republika srpska from bosnia and herzegovina . 
  there is nothing about splitting in this article ? 
  czechs bought pcc licence but t3 is no longer produced . 
  if albanians want to split - west is pro and russia is against . 
  if serbs want to split - west is against and russia is pro . 
  serbian case is clearly proxy cold war and nobody cares about people there , only international political game . 
  now there is no possibility , but we should look in the future and do everything to avoid any chance of war . 
  you have right - eu is guarantee for peace in w. europe . 
  but what will be if eu will collapse ? 
  nato is another platform for peace in w. europe . 
  it 's still better to have multiple guarantees . 
  i believe that is case of russian aggression nato 's help is unpredictable but being in nato has more advantages e.g. 
  probability of german aggression is near to zero . 
  so it 's still positive . 
  the same will be in future when russia will try to invade us - you will say that it will be something like polish people republic , generally not bad , so you can be neutral .
