  that 's bullshit . 
  in `` polish citizenship act '' you have that double ( and more ) citizenship is allowed but for polish institutions you will be processed as polish citizen , not another one . 
  that 's all . 
  so if someone dutch national living in germany for 2 years should be stripped from nationality as he does ` nt live in nl anymore ? 
  why ( using your logic ) such person should affect internal nl things ? 
  some time ago german meat appeared to be from rats . 
  maybe you have tried it ... http://www.stern.de/wirtschaft/immobilien/wildfleisch-skandal--ratten-als-delikatesse--3498108.html, 
  i remember one thing from early 90 's and start of these conflicts . 
  everybody expected that there will be intervention from other countries and peace will be introduced as soon as possible . 
  nothing happened , war escalated and turned into something like proxy war from cold war era . 
  everything was fine for international politicians . 
  now it 's good that some of responsible persons were prosecuted but nobody will return lives of these people ( not only from srebrenica , also other people from all sides ) . 
  it 's truly shame that such atrocities were committed in 90 's . 
  we hoped that everything like that ended in europe with ww2 ( as wo\u0142y\u0144 was mentioned ) . 
  anarchists on the war with bourgeoisie by setting old fiat punto on fire . 
  then how would you describe marek belka ? 
  former post-communist pm as center-right ? 
  it 's not easy with such manipulation . 
  sikorski was the only one person punished for these recordings . 
  other people with scariest talks ( about possibly illegal actions ) was treated by centro-left as good guys . 
  sikorski not - why ? 
  i do n't like sikorski as he is a quite controversial person with shady biography but he is intelligent . 
  you will be surprised . 
  i asked some time age some female colleagues from work , what they think about gay people - most of them was against . 
  women in mid thirties . 
  i was surprised then and now such stats as mentioned are n't strange to me . 
  it is something that i can not understand . 
  nothing strange if someone does n't accept homosexual activities personally ( i.e. 
  someone does n't want to do something homosexual ) , but why they reject it to other persons ? 
  they should n't even think what they are doing - it 's not their business . 
  i remember similar situation at polish-german border . 
  border starts at the sea so for many years it was closed with no possibility to cross it - even to go near . 
  probably because of this condition on german side beach turned into naked beach . 
  after schengen border infrastructure vanished and there is clear way . 
  information that on the german side naked people are sitting was the ` local news ' and crowds want there to see these people - many of these ` tourist ' returned to say that it is so ugly activity . 
  the question is : if you do n't accept seeing naked people at beach so why you go to naked beach ? 
   as a result , nobody has ever been held responsible for the killings of academics . 
  nothing to add . 
  it is not true . 
  several times was posted here that there is no price difference but different ingredients . 
  using cheaper ingredients make this more profitable for producers and that 's all . 
  it 's not really true - schengen means that there is no border control between schengen countries and nothing more ( at first sight of course ) . 
  it does n't matter if you are schengen citizen or not - if there is no border control nobody is required to show id and if there is border control everybody have to show id . 
  of course there is no valid reason for me that ro and bg are still outside schengen zone . 
  good jokes are always welcome . 
  at least there is no order to buy shitty leibnitz cakes . 
  we should pay more attention to what we are buying . 
  if no one will buy shit problem will be solved . 
  if you buy something abroad and export after some processing it should be neutral for you . 
  the gap between these prices is of course affected by currency fluctuation . 
  example : you buy something for 2eur and after some processing sell for 3 eur . 
  it does n't matter if eur is for 10 , 20 or 30czk - these prices are always the same . 
  the problem is in remaining 1eur - you pay your people in czk so every fluctuation is affecting you . 
  other thing is when you produce for domestic market - then these 3eur additionally matter . 
  it 's fine for exporters but when you want to buy something than you are not so happy . 
   everybody knows it 's bankrupt . 
  it 's about our sovereignty . 
  i want the czech koruna , and an independent central bank . 
  i do n't want another issue that brussels would be meddling with . 
  some people still believe that such small economies have fiscal sovereignty . 
  of course they can change value of its currency but only one way - value can by only lower to other currencies . 
  that can every independent government . 
  trying to archive strong currency without solid base is not possible event in strongest economies e.g. 
  uk failed that years ago . 
  if so than generally ok . 
  the problem is with truck drivers - they are constantly in move and living in trucks and there is constraint problem how to solve it . 
  btw : everyone should follow rules of this sub . 
  low quality content . 
  something written in non understandable language without translation . 
  assuming that everything is in this english title - his europe vision is protect our market as strong as possible while others should open their ( for e.g. 
  french products ) as wide as possible . 
  maybe introducing some customs on french products or regulations that financial transfers from french companies ' subsidiaries are not possible without strong taxation will calm his down ? 
  yes , i know that 's not possible but someone should say to this guy that colonial france is not existing any more . 
  wtf ? 
  it 's akwizgran . 
  ufff , so there is no catch :-), 
  you say margarita , you have her address ... 
  but what does mean `` sexo : m '' - i 'm little bit confused :-), 
  v4 is n't cooperation . 
  i do n't know what czechia and slovakia want , but for poland and hungary this group cooperation is for internal reasons . 
  orban is class of it 's own and for polish goverment v4 is a excuse that we cooperate , even we lead in this cooperation . 
  why it is not possible ? 
  it 's very simple : what poland ( at least current polish government ) wants ? 
  1 ) block agreements with russia - so in v4 we have hungary , 2 ) no 2 speeds europe , no deeper coalition of ez countries - i think that is the reason that slovakia will abandon euro in near future , 3 ) rule of catholic church on daily basis - from now all czechs will go to church every sunday . 
  only one common thing is fear of immigration and nothing more . 
  well known ? 
  even germans were not aware of them / s, 
  it shows only how fragile are our lives and how low impact we have trying to defend such tragic events . 
  is n't it current ? 
  and the best thing is motto on them , especially in case of d.c. : `` taxation without representation '' - political struggle moved into car plates . 
  ant what about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vehicle_registration_plates_of_australia#/media/file:europlate_newsouthwales.jpg ) ? 
  it 's clear to see that their * really * want into eu . 
  he has right about equality but in such way : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnogaqx04cs side note : this is pm which may never will be . 
  i have smoke alarm with connection to central system but for sure it is not required by law in poland . 
  additionally a lot of commercial used buildings have such here . 
  alarm was there but did n't worked : * paul munakr , who lives on the seventh floor , managed to escape . 
  `` as i was going down the stairs , there were firefighters , truly amazing firefighters that were actually going upstairs , to the fire , | trying to get as many people out the building as possible , '' he told the bbc . 
  he said he was alerted to the fire not by fire alarms but by people | on the street below , shouting `` do n't jump , do n't jump '' . 
  `` now , honestly i do n't know for certain if people jumped off the | building to get away from the fire , but the main thing for me with | this incident is the fact that the fire alarms did n't go off in the building , '' he said . 
  * from http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-40269625,
