  i understand that this battle was important in medieval europe , but every city in poland has grunwald street or something . 
  every child knows exact day of this battle ( not the year , not the month - exact day ) . 
  so now even people in their 30 's -40 's have in back side of head that germany is enemy and if there is someone who can and want to use it - its free road to anti-german sentiment . 
  in relationship with germany there are many things to do if we have better one . 
  in politics everybody knows that pis is generally anti-german and nothing will be done . 
  luckily for them duda as president is considered by germans as not so bad man , his wife knows germany and speaks german not so bad ;-) , so its better then to work with someone who has fear of coming to germany . 
  i know that duda can be only proxy to real source of political power , but better such proxy as nothing . 
  the main problem are in my opinion polish thieves - we should do something with it , it is problem domestically and in international area ( especially in germany ) . 
  you know , ww2 and relations between russia ( su then ) and germany is sensible thing and fits exactly into your love and hate relationship . 
  satan send us these - especially \u0141 - who other uses it ? 
  only sorbs as i know ? 
  but the problem with poles is specific - these people live in current lithuania not because they went from somewhere , but because they are on theirs ancestors soil . 
  they can not understand why they should use different name ( about street names better not to talk ... ) such ( small but important i think ) problems are fueling hate between us . 
  we should start thinking in other way - we share centuries of common history , some things were great , some not , but now we can stay together and enjoy life ... 
  that 's right . 
  after reading all this news i think that he was mentally ill . 
  he taught that he is real german and tried to kill turks in breivik 's similar way . 
  look at his famous conversation with bavarian guy - he definitely says `` i 'm german '' but bavarians take them as arabic/turkish guy, 
  to be honest - there is no problem with ukrainians in poland now . 
  of course there was no genocide in '40s . 
  polish people killed themself and after doing that they gave anything which had any value to their ukrainian friends and after that destroyed their building because they harm beautiful ukrainian landscape ... 
  anti-german sentiment exist still . 
  i think the reason for it is killing about 6 million polish citizens in ww2 , but i can be wrong . 
  anti-lithuanian , maybe a little one , but come on : we have no problem with lithuanian names in poland , as you have with polish in lithuania . 
  anti-ukrainian : that 's right , poland is biggest supporter on ukrainian eu ambitions , about 1 million ukrainians live and work now here without any problems and you think that we are anti-ukrainian ? 
  anti-muslim - ask anyone what he thinks about polish muslims ( tatars ) - nobody will say any bad word . 
  some time ago after some terrorist attacks in europe one retard painted something anti-muslim on one of their mosques . 
  it was condemned from everyone , even far right nationals ... 
  as i have stated probably he was n't islamist . 
  i see that you clearly know what was the cause and what was not . 
  and ok , he was normal guy and suddenly went into the town with gun . 
  i understand that he had this gun legally ... 
  probably he was n't islamist but because of some reason he have planned it and have done it . 
  when you hear about some terrorist attacks you can consider doing the same thing ( `` oh what a good solution . 
  i will do it too '' ) . 
  the question is why he considered it and when we try to find anything in common whit all novadays attacks , after finding that they were humans , men , we stop at muslim religion/background . 
  and i think its worse than being influenced by isis or some radical ideology . 
  we can try to cut ties to them , but if there will be people who think that shooting ( or other kinds of attack ) at random persons is a solution for their problems/ideology/etc then we will face such situations often . 
  if you join munich and olympia and shots then you have 1972 ... 
  sad story :-(, 
  `` you '' in case of devaluation of zloty is important - devaluation was done externally . 
  jump from 3,5 pln per eur to the 4,8 pln ( and other currencies ) affected only transactions in eur . 
  internally we did n't notice that our money is devaluated . 
  it means that purely polish good were still available for the same money . 
  for example imported food disappeared in many cases ( e.g. 
  tesco imported many british products before 2008 and it stopped as prices have to go high ) . 
  in case of export they had advantage of weak zloty and this helped poland not to go into recession . 
  in case of italy we have problem - they can not print money , if ecb decide to print then all eurozone countries will pay for it ( and ofc poland too ) , if they let banks fail then they will have troubles on society level . 
  not doing anything or forcing taxpayers to pay for the problem ( as banks are `` too big to fail '' ) will not provide recovery for this and future problems . 
  about zloty - i know consequences of devaluation of zloty . 
  interesting was that this devaluation was caused only because forex transactions , not `` printing money '' , so internally there was no disaster ( as we are large consumer market and large producer of goods too ) . 
  about italy : what can they do ? 
  bankruptcy of banking system could be refreshing for the society but i do n't think that this simple solution will be proceeded . 
  my fault about persons . 
  but if we talk about juncker/schulz and other personas : they always want to clash with national governments but only with the weak ones . 
  strong countries do n't matter about what they are saying - and it causes opinion that only germany / france/etc rule in this mess . 
  if we want strongest integration we should have similar conditions in basic areas of competency everywhere . 
  common currency - it is nice but without the same fiscal policy its problemtic . 
  look at poland in 2008/09 - our national currency saved us from crisis , not government , eu gov. 
  than look at italy now - what the can do ? 
  bail out whole banking system ? 
  they have euro and they can not `` print the money '' as they want ... 
  it 's my experience . 
  i have 2km to nearest library branch in my town , the next one is about 5km ahead . 
  no one of these branches offers ebook rental as described . 
  the problems with libraries which does n't exist i observe in small cities near west polish border - but i know - this area is forgotten by god and people . 
  almost everyone from there who has two hands is currently in uk/roi . 
  i think that this report tries to simplify complex thing and fails . 
  1 ) missing uk as a destination seems to be wrong ( as you have written ) 2 ) why people left poland in 2004/5 and later ? 
  because they have no job here . 
  many left for better salary but most of them tried to do anything ( as we say in poland people with msc left for cleaning dishes in uk ) , so how they calculated that without emigration our gdp would have been bigger ? 
  it does n't . 
  really . 
  i live in one of biggest cities in poland and we do n't have similar level of library service as described . 
  of course my situation is not bad as i live in such city . 
  in rural areas/small cities libraries vanished in '90s and sometimes the only library you have is the school library one - available only for pupils . 
  people in poland generally do n't read books - in 2015 only 37 % read a part of a book or more . 
  14 % did n't read anything longer than 3 pages of text ( including newspapers , internet , etc ) ... 
  but maybe if it will be eu government and real parliament then maybe people will identify with it ? 
  what we have at the moment : 1 ) facade of parliament , without or with small real power 2 ) `` eu government '' with tusk et al and they are doing only what they are told to do by strongest national leaders 3 ) common currency is strictly political idea and causes many problems, 
  uh , the ugly czechs ... once again they something better than us / s, 
  tbh who believes that us will protect baltic states or poland in case of invasion form russian ? 
  i do n't . 
  i agree with heinz kissinger that us is good for protecting poland from germany . 
  of course invasion from german side is unreal at the moment because of current political situation in europe . 
  we have different situation in case of war with russia - where is the best place to have conventional war theatre in europe ? 
  in poland . 
  belarus has many swamps and is too close to russia geographically and geopolitically . 
  germans live in specific love-hate relationship with russia since centuries so it is also not good place to start war . 
  if something will be done it will be only because poland is a good place to battle , not because someone wants to protect us . 
  but why should china invade taiwan ? 
  chinese gov ' t `` has a time '' and they do n't like to do unnecessary things . 
  at the moment they do n't want creation of separate country of taiwan . 
  kmt in taiwan always say that there is one china ( of course they mean `` their '' china , but still we are talking about one country ) , so until someone in taiwan will call for sovereignty under new name communist will do nothing . 
  they are clever and do n't want mess if it is unnecesary . 
  if you are pro-eu and its `` set of liberal values and freedoms '' then why do you want to limit freedom of press in poland ? 
  freedom of press is not freedom of press which has `` my point of view '' but also others . 
  we also use familia but only in some cases e.g. 
  family of nobles . 
   sorry , it does n't work like that !,
