  are these prices actual ? 
  in my city average offer price for room in student flat is about 190eur for single person room and 120eur for person in double person room ( so 240eur per room ) . 
  rooms in flat are usually 2-3 so you get what will be total cost of renting flat . 
  i 've compared prices for buying not renting flats . 
  for 160,000 eur you can have flat with over 100qm space - these prices are comparable ( maybe little bit greater ) to polish cities of similar size . 
  airbnb or something related is for me almost the top of annoying neighbourhood . 
  only rooms rented for hours ( with clear reason why ) are worse . 
  it would be no problem ( why we should ban renting flats ? ), 
  but people which rent such places are terrible and you as a permanent inhabitant are on the failed position . 
  they will make you have no possibility to sleep , rest etc. 
  and they will go away without any care for others . 
  i 've seen flat prices in some places on mallorca and they are not really expensive compared to polish prices . 
  in my opinion you should blame your political system rather than tourists for that . 
  tourists are annoying - that 's fact as generally people are annoying especially when in crowds . 
  even el pais mentioned this accident in `` internacional '' section . 
  not sure , but for kuomintang supporters it can be serious thing . 
  identity is not requirement - e.g. 
  modern egypt has no/little connection with ancient egypt . 
  the other thing is that current situation should be solved . 
  triggering greeks is not a solution for further neighbourhood relations . 
  prc is not a good example as roc exists . 
  shitty urbanism ? 
  if then urbanism was shitty so how you would call current urbanism ( i 'm mentioning poland ofc ) ? 
  machete fight . 
  we wanted to add it to winter olympics but unfortunately krak\u00f3w withdrew its candidacy for these games . 
  everybody in germany and ( i think ) almost everywhere knows that main responsibility of holocaust goes to germany . 
  it 's nothing strange . 
  such statements are not pushed because someone wants to deny german responsibility . 
  it 's because they want to extend ( or to make such impression ) responsibility to other nations . 
  when you watch german productions about holocaust nobody denies role of german nazis but : 1 ) german `` normal '' people surprisingly did n't know anything about camps . 
  2 ) polish `` normal '' people did know everything what is going on and was happy about that . 
  in conclusion you have nazis and happy polish people blamed for this atrocities . 
  of course there were many people in poland which was happy for german actions against jews indeed but it should not be extended for whole nation as it is very often suggested . 
  i wrote earlier that wording in this book suggest that jews were transported to polish extermination camps from 1938 . 
  some commenters suggested that sending was from 1940 , but as far i know jews were sent to camps earlier , also in 1938 ( from annexed czechoslovakia and united austria ) . 
  so where jews were send than - to polish camps ? 
   @op are you a pupil atm ? 
  no , picture found on internet . 
  when some journalist write bullshit and tries to explain that he did n't mean who was the operator of camps but only geographical location it 's annoying but you can understand that . 
  but if in official student 's book for history you have such statements you can not think that 's by accident . 
  i understand that current germans still live in the shadow of ww2 and maybe it 's enough but trying to blame others for creation of extermination camps is not the proper way . 
  and jews were sent to them in 1938 ? 
  before start of the war ? 
   also humiliated england i thought that you write something about icesave / s, 
  some people say that we should praise dzier\u017cy\u0144ski - one pole responsible for killing dozens of russians . 
   but just looking at the whole eastern block where home ownership is rather common , i do n't know what to make of this map . 
  how many home owners have credit on it ? 
  in poland it is very common . 
  so if you have home and credit which value very often exceeds home value ( yes , that 's right here in poland ) your wealth is sometimes below 0 , but you still have own house . 
  that was real response for esc : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intervision_song_contest, 
  for cheap beer ? 
  poland --  czechia or poland --  germany, 
  the other option was to take it forcibly but stalin was n't happy with it and czechs have to withdraw it 's forces . 
  i know , i know . 
  in my opinion that 's main problem of eu as a whole . 
  always we hear that uk had some ` exceptions ' but the same applies to other countries . 
  if you want to harmonize markets you can not stop at same currency only because everyone want only cherry picking . 
  this is the main problem of euro currency and until solved problems will grow . 
  in fact it is nothing strange that eurozone countries should have the same budget at ez level , the same tax policy etc. 
  if some countries do n't want to have this level of cooperation should be outside ez with all advantages and disadvantages of this situation . 
   but what about unifying police and intelligence services so we do n't have terrorist attacks on one country that were planned in another ? 
  there is europol and cooperation at local level at least between bordering countries . 
   why did n't we achieve a unified fiscal policy . 
  because almost none of governments want it . 
  tell luxembourg that they can not be tax haven anymore . 
  tell ce countries that they can not compete with low wages and lower taxes than ` old eu ' . 
   what 's happening with a convergence of wages and standard of living ? 
  the same as above . 
   but what about unifying police and intelligence services so we do n't have terrorist attacks on one country that were planned in another ? 
  there is europol and cooperation at local level at least between bordering countries . 
   why did n't we achieve a unified fiscal policy . 
  because almost none of governments want it . 
  tell luxembourg that they can not be tax haven anymore . 
  tell ce countries that they can not compete with low wages and lower taxes than ` old eu ' . 
   what 's happening with a convergence of wages and standard of living ? 
  the same as above . 
  hmm , what is the education of our current president ? 
  is n't he jurist ? 
  so he should hear his voice and take his hands off our constitution . 
  on one side you 've complicated things too much - elisabeth ii should be king and problems with distinction her and ` queen-wifes ' . 
  but the problem would be with her husband still - referring to male ` queen ' seems to be a little bit pejorative . 
  you do n't understand one think : they are frenchman . 
  they know nothing or very little about world except their former colonies . 
  additionally they are unaware of this lack of knowledge and that 's the point . 
  i do n't want to be rude - i have observed it working for big french owned company and cooperated with french companies . 
  some of them were unproblematic but most of them behave as colonial world was still existing . 
  on other hand in similar situations i never had problems with germans which are generally considered as rude - my personal experience is totally different . 
  i spotted that '' \u0107 '' - softer c , we use hard `` c '' and `` y '' ( cyryl ) as `` ci '' for us is equivalent for yours '' \u0107i '' . 
  til you have \u0107irilica , not cirilica . 
  you have to like ' \u0107 ' ;-), 
  it 's not hard to see that orban switches sides like non alignment country leader in cold war time . 
  if kaczy\u0144ski does n't see this that his fault . 
  on the other side : poland has not foreign policy . 
  we very like to see us as at least regional power but it 's only words . 
  we do n't have any voice at international level and our politicians do n't want to have any . 
  everything at international level is only a show for internal use . 
  the show with tusk was for internal use only . 
  tusk is considered as main opponent in presidential elections so everything was done in order to announce him as german collaborator . 
  tusk 's policy at eu level was only a bit better - he did n't blame eu for everything but his view on our role in eu can be described in one sentence : ` they give us money - so it 's good ' . 
   he just recently stabbed polish government in the back why he should do something else ?
