  you get what you pay for . 
  so let 's go with our shitty leibnitz example : germany : 0,50 eur per 100g https://www.lidl.de/de/leibniz-butterkeks/p205952 poland : 0,54 eur per 100g https://ezakupy.tesco.pl/groceries/pl-pl/products/2003005641948 the rule should be : do n't buy shit from western europe and nothing more . 
  yes , the main reason is to create cheap product . 
  to be honest leibnitz cakes are n't top quality product even with `` german formula '' but in `` polish formula '' they are at least misleading customers - butter cakes based on margarine ? 
  they should be called `` margarine cakes '' . 
  `` local market consumer preferences '' as it was stated by manufacturer . 
  in poland losing means suspending for 6 months . 
  the first thing is to read ingredients list . 
  after quick analysis you can avoid e.g. 
  shitty leibnitz butter cookies ( in reality based on palm oil , not butter ) . 
  of course there is no rule that manufacturer should put percentage values of all ingredients ( and can put more water for example ) . 
  some are low quality and some not . 
  moser roth has solid quality with moderate price . 
  what about serbia and it 's cccc ? 
  that 's right . 
  also missing a few millions of poles , jews etc. 
  but for some unknown reason some germans were allowed to stay and after 89 they have decent rights as minority . 
  it was at university of groningen and as far as i remember something connected with biology . 
  i do n't want to blame anyone but it ruined the picture of dutch people with almost everybody speaking english on daily basis . 
  the reality was different . 
  edit : some typo, 
   dutch is slowly being pushed away by english in city centres or universities i 'm not sure how it goes now but about 10 years ago friend of mine was invited to phd studies at dutch university . 
  her questions about using dutch were answered ` we use ( or will use ) english at courses ' . 
  at university no one wanted to use english ( both lecturers and other phd students ) and lecturers said that she can read some books at home if she does n't understand dutch . 
  she returned home after some months . 
  no one expects mourning for unknown people but not to make fun of such events . 
  it definitely not a good time to put such ` funny ' sentences . 
  we can agree with russians , do n't agree and so on but death of innocent people is not funny at all . 
   where are your germans , poland ? 
  in our parliament ? 
  i had to learn russian as a child . 
  i do n't remember much of language ( except some profanities of course ) but i 'm a hero for my child when i can read some text written in cyrillic . 
  so additional question : does latin alphabet be seem as more modern progressive etc in serbia ? 
  when i was there i spotted that if someone want that his bussiness look modern used latin alphabet . 
  in poland in such case english is used . 
  i do n't have hard data only personal feel . 
  even rural areas had better roads . 
  20 years ago situation was far different . 
  hmmm . 
  i live in western poland and i think that eastern poland have now better infrastructure than western . 
  i connect it with special eu funds for them . 
  it is not bas as years before ( thank eu money of course ) . 
  roads are getting better and better . 
  of course there are places when streets are in really bad condition like e.g. 
  wroc\u0142aw but some say that 's german fault - you made these streets such badly that after 80 years without conservation they are unable to use . 
  our politicians mad ( only ) one great thing . 
  they perfectly divided polish society in `` divide and conquer '' scheme . 
  people even tend to be believers of political parties and think `` if you do n't like x party you have to be y party supporter and you should be burnt on stack '' . 
  please explain me how you can compare economical data in countries which does n't have the same currency ? 
  if you will not use the same currency you will compare apples and oranges . 
  it is of course good solution for politicians ( ` dumb people will buy it ' as one of them told once ) and their propaganda . 
  i 'm not sure that gdp is good indicator for living standards even if ppp adjusted . 
  its rather measure of economy size ( i.e. 
  you can produce worthy goods while people who do it have low wages ) . 
  currency exchange rates matter if you want to buy something from abroad . 
  we are not isolated isle and we import many goods . 
  of course we can fulfil some basic needs based on our products and avoid currency change but it is not that simple as many think . 
  i did n't forget anything . 
  if you want to compare some countries economy you should use the same methodology for all countries . 
  so all in then-current usd , then-current eur , then-current pln or constant usd and what you like . 
  not that propaganda from our government that we will count usa in usd , germany in eur and poland in pln . 
  no matter what is the worth of eur in usd , pln in usd and so on . 
  in eur you have 15 % , while at the same time germany 's growth is about 20 % and usa about 59 % . 
  of course it is incomparable with china and they over 200 % growth . 
  gdp per capita 2008 : 13,910 $ gdp per capita 2016 : 12,378 $ that 's over -10 % change . 
  big success of our previous ( tusk 's ) government . 
  source : http://countryeconomy.com/gdp/poland, 
   what i disliked is a commentator acting like no pole did anything wrong and more so i was angered because he was israeli . 
  that 's the point . 
  we shared many years of history , they were things good and things bad . 
  no one should whitewash crimes of some poles because most poles have n't done anything against jews . 
  and on the other side no one should blame all poles because some of them committed crimes against jews . 
  once again thanks for interesting discussion . 
  thank you for your answer but i still can not agree with everything in your opinion . 
  about zionism : yes , it was hard to be zionist in communist poland , especially when israeli-arab conflict escalated . 
  soviet union was on the arab side ( not because of anit-semitism , but just because usa was on israel side - classic proxy conflict of cold war ) and : * all satellite coutries had to comply su policies * in polad there was internal conflict between pro-internationalist ( so also pro-jewish ) and nationalist parts of communist party . 
  middle east tensions helped to win nationalists . 
  but from the other side the main goal of zionist was to move to palestine . 
  they organised it before the war , during the war and after the war . 
  they have even said that problems of jews in german occupied europe was these jews problem as they did n't want to move to palestine . 
  about bund : bund had the same fate as other left ( leftist but not communist ) parties - they were forced to merge with communist ( in adopt or die scheme ) . 
  i do n't want to say that they have easy life but all which was against communist shared this fate . 
  in free poland many of former bund members were considered as very honourable persons ( as e.g. 
  and now personally : i do n't feel comfortable when i think about anti-semitic events in both pre-war , occupied and after-war poland . 
  these events existed and should be shameful for polish society . 
  but it should not be extended into all poles , or as some say all except righteous . 
  it was margin of society and nothing more . 
  i have watched last month some german mini series about holocaust . 
  the narration was : nazis killed jews , poles knew about it and were happy and germans did n't know anything . 
  how it it easy to some nations to whitewash they share in these atrocities : * germans say that it were nazis * french say that it were collaborators * what to say in poland as we did n't have own nazis and mass-scale collaborators ? 
  the other fact is that poland ( as a country ) is big supporter of israel ( as a country ) - it was during previous government rule and it is now ( event the change in internal politics was `` tremendous '' after last votes ) . 
  for average people polish-jewish topic does n't exist so problem of anti-semitism does n't exist . 
  there are areas where negative feelings about jews exist ( football hooligans , far right organisations etc. ), 
  but it is not main stream and i do n't expect that it could be in predictable future . 
  it was comparison for '' poles murdered jews after the war in actual massacres '' . 
  they were criminals who happened to be poles . 
  if some of them murdered another pole there will be no problem . 
  anti-polonism is as bad as anti-semitism and other xenophobic attitudes . 
  you have no right . 
  but that was n't the main point of my previous comment .
