how is it served in other countries other than 0,5 o.o, 
  sounds like a trap , but whatever :p deal !, 
  oh , damn i might have to reboot vic 2 again . 
  i only played eu4 recently :3, 
  they might be gone after 50 years though ... we might have to produce a claim , hehe, 
  well , that 's why i said that colony is a bad term  i just let everything that was once austrian ( - hungarian ) count . 
  let 's share , ok ? 
  you get slavonia and we take istria and dalmatia :p, 
  yeah , my thought too . 
  was a difficult decision between those two . 
  colony is a bad term ... but definitely croatia . 
  well , german speakers have a very obvious accent too when speaking english . 
  it 's not worse than any other accent but i always hear if someone is a native german speaker when they speak english . 
  huh , okay . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  yup, 
  in my understanding the only thing illegal would be supporting the terrorist group and not the displaying of the flag . 
  i 'm really happy that croatia is in the eu now . 
  finally someone with balls !, 
  * palatschinken, 
  good ol' times haha it 's not really seriously discussed here , and as one of the starters of ww1 ( if not the starter ) it might be even seen negative if we 're really discussing it . 
  however in a everyday scenario we still see it as the good old times . 
  with sissi we can get quite ` nostalgic ' even . 
  also , whenever our politicians fuck up you might hear a `` would have not happened under the kaiser ... '' here and there, 
  what i see atm yes . 
  and yeah , a new strong left = communist hardliners taking away your tv, 
  social equality and a strong opposition against neo-liberalism come to my mind, 
  yes, 
  we can only hope, 
  oh this is so much better than normal french counting, 
  we definitely not need you . 
  that 's just the headline , in the article he clearly stated that it 's foreigners in general that he dislikes , going as far as : `` if you have one table of turks and yugos , you 're gon na have ten . '', 
  i know this bar and it 's definitely not his back room or home in any way . 
  wtf , dude . 
  read some book or so, 
  okay , that 's really stupid, 
  no , there 's definitely a difference . 
  in a bar you offer services to the public and you ca n't just discriminate a part of this public that 's illegal . 
  they are everyones responsibility . 
  we are one society . 
  well , this is completely different . 
  you do n't accept any strangers at your house , but if you have a bar or so you are not allowed to discriminate someone on the base of his ethnicity , religion , skin colour or nationality . 
  yes, 
  yeah , that 's exactly it . 
  what 's even more stupid is that he once refused service to two french exchange students we got in the town . 
  why ? 
  e : like what do you mean ? 
  nope , not in ~ ~ austria ~ ~ ~ ~ the eu ~ ~ austria + some other countries . 
  it 's illegal to refuse service to someone on the basis of his ethnic origin or his nationality . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.wko.at/content.node/branchen/w/hotellerie/gleichbehandlung_im_gastgewerbe.pdf ) should clear things a bit . 
  well , locals are outraged mostly ( one of the reason why his facebook page is down ) , however rights see him as some kind of hero ? 
  still i guess he wo n't see more customers through this . 
  involvement of the city is pending at the moment . 
  also braunau has a lot of immigrants living in the city and in the refugee camps . 
  he also attacks austrians with migration background like good integrated yugoslavs too . 
  it 's illegal because of the diskriminierungsverbot or so . 
  also , this does n't help with any existing problems with immigrants but makes it just so much worse . 
  thanks for the long answer !, 
  is matura centralized in czech republic ? 
  like , do all the schools get the same matura ? 
  sorry , was just a joke . 
  there 's just the cliche that all romanians are gypsies . 
  plot twist : we just called us austria * - hungary * to scare romanians off, 
  ah , that 's intentional . 
  ok , i 'm discovering this stuff now with closed captions , thanks a lot . 
  it does n't aim to say anything about the equality aspect . 
  violence against women is one of the most serious violations of gender equality ( and i hope we agree on this ) and this survey is all about that . 
  / u/minisilver never concluded that men do n't suffer from violence in relationships , but that under a map about violence against women we should discuss that and not that men also suffer of violence . 
  because that comes off as if you want to excuse the violence against women or say that the violence against men is a bigger and much more urgent problem . 
  for a moment i thought ukraine escalated completely and that this would be combat footage . 
  ok , now can somebody tell me what this is about ? 
  so freaky . 
  i have no idea . 
  maybe because in soviet times it was marketed as true estonian ? 
  and back then all estonians were soviet citizens as well . 
  just a guess . 
  what i think this should mean is that the russians ( or more pc soviets ) took it for the iconic eesti drink and it not normally developed as the national drink , but rather viewing it as the national drink got imported . 
  or so . 
  i think . 
  no , i 'm an complete idiot . 
  and an asshole too . 
  if you read again i never said that `` i see no way the fact that reisse is not an english word will affect what people hear in their heads '' . 
  i just said that there is no `` rise '' in `` reisepass '' . 
  maybe to give a hint how it is pronounced . 
  but probably not , because surely my intentions were evil . 
  there is no `` rise '' in `` reisepass '' . 
  croatia does n't even show up ? 
  i love croatia !, 
  especially dalmatia !, 
  if i ever get rich enough to buy a house somewhere and stop working i will spend the rest of my days on vis or an island near it !, 
  actually a company is only dealt as a `` person '' ( not people !, 
  that 's not the point ! ), 
  to make things easier for example in court . 
  i am not a lawyer but learned this stuff . 
  it 's so you can sue `` red bull '' for example and not the ceo . 
  ( this post might not be 100 % correct but should give you a idea why it is this way . 
  not a lawyer but learned this some time . 
  could have looked it up and explained it better but it 's 8 am ), 
  yeah , but if you pronounce `` pantser '' wrong you will probably also pronounce `` panzer '' incorrectly which makes it sound the same again ( assuming you are talking about how the `` a '' is pronounced and not the strange ways of how someone might mispronounce `` ts '' or `` z '' ) . 
  yep,
