  have you tried getting aivaras abramovi\u010dius as your new pm ? 
  i know it 's pretty much just delusional dreams by now and pretty much the whole politician ring would stand against it , but if there 's anyone in ukraine who can at least not fuck everything up more , it 's him . 
  huh . 
  so if there was no denmark keeping them afloat , how much worse would they get ? 
  would we be able to beat them ? 
  wait , so , what 's even happening in greenland that they are doing so well ? 
  i would n't really be able to list any major economic activities they could partake in over there , besides fishing ... 
  actually , it 's the other way around, 
  that 's not always true . 
  israel 's this year 's entry , hovi star , is hugely popular and famous within his country , for example . 
  obviously , not everyone can send world-class artists because a majority of the nations participating do n't have the funds or size to produce them . 
  something something bringing the sun of stalin, 
  pbk is one network i definitely wo n't miss when we finally get along to banning russian media . 
  was n't your country kinda founded by a `` continental '' invasion in 1066 though, 
  lithuania is not accurate , we 're much more like latvia here . 
  but if you left the eu , all lithuanian shoppers would vanish, 
  ah , so like belarus then . 
  well , we use the modern ( i.e. 
  latvian ) name of the location . 
  i mean , that article i linked still says that the mongols killed 90 % of iran 's population , so it 's still something, 
   a large number of people , particularly males , were killed ; between 1220 and 1258 , the total population of iran may have dropped from ** 2,500,000 ** to 250,000 as a result of mass extermination , emigration and famine . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_iran#destruction_under_the_mongols the population of iran right now is above 68 million . 
  you sure about that claim ? 
  1605 best year of my life, 
  israel is in the competition because they 're in the european broadcasting union , and australian participation is just a joke that has gone way too far . 
  not that you 'd want to . 
  here in lithuania we do n't really recognize the idea of balto-slavs , or at least try to sweep it under the rug . 
  the accepted narrative , spearheaded by rimut\u0117 rimantien\u0117 back in the soviet era , is that agricultural indo-european ancestors arrived to this region sometime around 3000 bc and mixed with the local hunters-gatherers that were here since the last ice age , forming the proto-balts . 
  and this theory does n't have much place for slavs , which the lithuanian consensus sees as somewhat `` foreign '' to the balts . 
  later , all the way in the independence era , rimantien\u0117 's views were challenged by algirdas girininkas , whom i mentioned already , then eugenijus jovai\u0161a then put his own two cents into the `` debate '' , and here we are now . 
  still , slavs and their stance in this are almost never mentioned . 
  baltistics ( the science of the baltic languages and ethnic group ) is unique amongst indo-europeanists in that their researchers usually do n't care much about what their peers in other fields think up of , for some reason . 
  maybe it 's because we do n't bother to view the greater picture and sit here in the eastern baltic , boiling in our own juices . 
  this includes the entire field of slavistics , which we naturally ignore because ~ ~ fuck slavs ~ ~ of reasons mentioned above . 
  whenever i see `` balto-slavs '' , in my mind i usually convert those words to `` proto-balts '' , myself . 
  i 'm a fan of toporov 's theory , myself . 
  if the balto-slavic theory is correct , then , according to the most accepted models , balts and slavs split around the turning of the eras , right in the middle of the process when the balts separated from a single culture and started to form different tribes ( western balts began to form at 500 bc , eastern balts finished forming at 500 ad ) , which sort of creates this `` possibility '' that slavs are just an offshoot of the balts rather than originating from a common ancestor . 
  with the recent interesting and slowly popularized theory by algirdas girininkas that the balts have been at the baltc coast since the mesolithic , it 's turning out to be an interesting season for baltistics :p, 
  it 's accepted among many , but it 's still highly debated . 
  especially over here . 
  balto-slavic sure as hell is n't conventional where i live . 
   balto-slavic so , we 're putting in hypothetical groups here now ? 
  you should at least add italo-celtic here too , then . 
  the distance between polish and lithuanian here is pretty big , though ? 
  you 'd need the languages to be almost touching if you want to understand the other without studying first . 
  perhaps it 's because most people in lithuania today either learn russian or are at least acquainted with it in some way . 
  well , for one , polish has had very close contact to lithuanian for over 500 years ( ~ 1387-1939 ) , not to mention that there is still a large polish diaspora in lithuania to this day , while russian had only for about 200 years ( 1795-1990 ) , and the latter was much more one-sided ( i.e. 
  it was forced assimilation rather than peaceful exchange ) , so it 's pretty obvious . 
  belarusian is what you should be surprised about , though . 
   polonismsas ftfy do you not know how our - ass language works, 
   lithuanian and polish not at  71 distance i 'm calling vlkk , we need to purge more polonisms !, 
  i wonder what was the thought process behind putting the institute for gender equality over here . 
  and at the same time sad , because paksas , toma\u0161evski and uspaskich are the people we choose to represent us in the ep , and thus in the eu as well . 
  just as i expected , the only lithuanian mep who voted against was rolandas paksas . 
  some things never change . 
  i would accept canada into the eu tbh , even if they 're not in europe . 
  yeah , him . 
  guy even deleted his comment . 
  though i can say that stuff like this is pretty common among the web . 
  lots of people accuse us of denying the holocaust and things like that without trying to research first . 
  well , the first historical mention of lithuania was in the year 1009, 
   read that . 
  http://www.tabletmag.com/scroll/221693/lithuania-is-building-a-convention-center-over-vilnas-jewish-cemetery-heres-how-you-can-protest absolutely never heard of that anywhere in any lithuanian media , and i 'm extremely doubtful that it 's even happening considering of the historical value that the cemetery holds . 
   also , like i maintained before . 
  there is no commemoration of the murder of my family anywhere in lithuania . 
  so one small statue is a drop in the fucking bucket . 
  so do you want us to commemorate the murder of your family , personally ? 
  keep in mind that over 200 000 lithuanian jews were killed and hundreds if not thousands of massacres were executed across our country . 
  we ca n't run after them all . 
   also lithuanian has been notorious for downplaying it 's role in the holocaust , in rememberance and in prosecution of war criminals . 
  you would be more accurate here if you were saying this 10 or 20 years ago , to be honest . 
  but not today . 
  in fact , i feel like today we have gone to the other side too much and downplay the nazis too much , and say that lithuanians were the primary force behind the holocaust in lithuania . 
  there was a book recently released whose name i do n't remember that stated just that . 
   what is the lithuanian nuremberg ? 
  there is none . 
  there is none because there was no lithuania after world war ii . 
  and by the time that we regained our independence , most if not all of the people we could bring justice to were fucking dead already . 
   legend says he earns more than a doctor in lithuania . 
  so , not much ? 
   denouncing is much different than commemorating the dead lithuania commemorates the victims of the holocaust like every sensible nation that had to suffer through it . 
  if there are some stupid skinheads who spray paint swastikas on holocaust commemoration day - look , we hate them as much as you do . 
   and then proceeding to build a 25 million dollar convention center on top of their dead . 
  not sure where you 're pulling this from . 
  not building shit over it . 
   this also does n't answer as to why theres no physical record or commemoration of those killed in varena does it ? 
  [ the `` mother of pir\u010diupiai '' begs to differ . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/pirciupiu_motina.jpg ) [ and this wall with all victims listed . 
  ] ( http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/01/33/85/41_big.jpg ), 
  come back when the soviets make 60 % of the world 's lasers, 
  the lithuanian tribe formed from the larger eastern baltic tribe around 500 ad , and nobody really knows for sure of where exactly they and the rest of the balts come from . 
  the currently accepted narrative is that the balts formed from indo-european tribes that arrived to the eastern baltic in 3000 bc and mixed with the local inhabitants , but there are alternative versions to the theory . 
   `` the legitimacy of the provisional government created by laf and the declaration of independence of lithuania on june 23rd , 1941 are not accepted by modern lithuanian historiography . 
  while their goal of restoring lithuanian independence is given respect , it is important to remember and denounce the pro-nazi and anti-semitic ideology of the organization '' . 
  to answer your point , the var\u0117na massacre is known as the pir\u010diupiai massacre in lithuania , and is a very well known event that is often mentioned both in historiography and history textbooks . 
  so no , we do n't commemorate nazi supporters . 
  do some research on the country you 're pissing on . 
  i 'm the guy working on lithuania in kr . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i 'm oddly out of the loop here,
