  there are some left in czechia . 
  we did n't send dozens of thousands of immigrants to ireland for them to forget who we are . 
  ffs . 
  ppp is the one that matters , it much better determines the living standards in each nation , and the eu leads there . 
  yes , and ppp is the type of gdp that actually matters . 
  well duh , `` vladimir '' means `` ruler of the world '' , i think, 
  [ removed ], 
  the great depression and the new deal , i knew i forgot something . 
  we went through that . 
  i do n't count columbus as us history , myself . 
  hmmm ... 
  some sparse mentions of the us are here and there across the curriculum . 
  as for more specific things mentioned - we briefly talk about the revolutionary war , and especially mention tadeusz kosciuszko 's exploits there ; a little bit about the civil war ; we talk about lithuanian emigration to the us across history and the emigrant communities in america , as well as mention some famous lithuanian-americans ; there 's a few bits about us imperialism in the 19th and 20th centuries and how it was basically playing in it 's backyard ; then they are mentioned briefly in ww1 and ww2 . 
  they also figure somewhat in the cold war , but nothing specific or new about the domestic events out there is mentioned , most of the focus is on the ussr . 
  is he like an estonian counterpart of me ? 
  casimir iv was hardly a conqueror . 
  the only major conquest he made during his 50 year reign was kicking the teutonic order while they were down , and even then lithuania stayed neutral while poland did all the work . 
  although , that was probably for the best , as lithuania definitely needed the time to recover after the hundred years ' war that was their entire existence before christianization . 
  he 's not really well known here , his reign was n't marked by any important changes or conquests , although we do know that he was the last monarch of lithuania who could speak lithuanian , so that 's something to give him props for . 
  thanks to things like modern technology , like the internet , and our participation in organizations like eu and nato , my country is already as powerful and influential as it could realistically be in this day and age , so i 'm not complaining . 
  well , we did n't really have any such `` great conqueror '' , but normal conquerors like vytautas , algirdas and gediminas are commemorated a lot . 
  they 're viewed as national heroes ( some rightfully so , some not so much ) and are a major source of national pride out here . 
  my father claims that his side of the family comes from russian colonists who arrived here in the 18th or 19th century , but we have yet to find solid proof for that claim outside of our somewhat russian-sounding surname . 
  so far i have gotten no flak , only people constantly mispronouncing my last name , which drives me nuts . 
  well , it 'd be hard for me to think of a scenario where an enemy begins a conquest of europe and we do n't quickly end up attacked directly ( partially because the only nation i could think of that could potentially pull this shit is right on our border ) . 
  we are concerned about his stance on nato , but other than that , most people would n't really be able to say anything concrete about him , i think, 
  the polls are taken at the end of the year , so there is no result for 2017 yet . 
  the 2016 winner was obama , i remember . 
   are there still socialist parties in parts of more westernized eastern europe like poland , slovakia , and hungary ? 
  i think we count as westernized enough for this category . 
  the main socialist party , lsdp , composed of old bolsheviks , former soviet nomenklatura and associates , has always been a very powerful force in our country 's politics , holding the reins of the government numerous times , and they were in power not long ago , until they were voted out last year . 
  their party is slowly dying , however , and only now have they begun to realize it . 
   is the cold war seen as a mistake on the part of your country ? 
  is it seen more as you being forced into it ? 
  we do n't view it in any extremely positive nor negative light , because we are well aware that the lithuanians had little to no influence in that conflict . 
  so yeah , i guess we do see ourselves as being dragged into the cold war against our will . 
   is america framed as the bad guy at all in that time period ? 
  absolutely not , in fact , they are generally viewed as the side of good in that conflict . 
  lithuania views the us in a very , very positive light , even if americans are also sometimes seen as decadent and nouveau riche , especially in jokes . 
  our admiration for the states can be seen in numerous cases , but here are two events that really stand out - in 2002 , george w. bush visited vilnius and spoke that `` anyone who wishes to make an enemy with lithuania will also become an enemy of the united states of america '' , and we have since put those words on a plaque and constantly remind everyone , especially in these days ; there is a yearly vote by a popular lithuanian newspaper on the `` person of the year '' , and no matter what , the president of the us is always voted as the winner of the poll . 
  `` no person won a war by dying for one 's country , he won a war by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country '' - george s. patton so , uh , that . 
   i assume besides plain invasion on your country . 
  you just disqualified the only reason why my country would participate in large-scale war , so ... uh , no reason , i guess ? 
  in my country , it 's more common to have parties that are funny because of how they are lacking in self-awareness , not because of intentional humor . 
  like , there is a party here whose party platform in the last election was the ten commandments . 
  as far as i can tell , this is n't really a big political issue here in my country , both sides of the spectrum agree that healthcare is necessary and should be at least partially funded by the government . 
  a much more common topic of discussion is the corruption within the medical sector , the eternal plague of all post-soviet healthcare systems , but as far as i see , the situation seems to be getting better in that department . 
  you do n't need to bribe the doctor to get normal treatment anymore , and that 's a good thing . 
  yeah , we have ethnic identity already , we do n't need to invent a brand new identity group for that . 
  no , because the coat of arms of my city is literally a prison . 
  although , considering the recent events , i might have to overlook that problem ... 
  football . 
  because basketball is first . 
  i do n't have enough data to give a concrete answer because i 've never heard any foreigner speak my language . 
  our version of the joke is a bit different : an old prison guard is teaching the new recruit on how to run the prison . 
  he shows three bags and says : `` this is where we keep our prisoners . 
  the first bag is where the jews are kept - make sure to look after it at all times , because if one of them escapes , he 'll pull the others out immediately . 
  the second bag is where the russians are kept - you do n't need to look over it as much . 
  if one escapes , he 'll go to the shop to buy more vodka and come back . 
  the third bag is where the lithuanians are kept - you do n't need to look over it at all , because if one of them escapes , the others will pull him back in instantly . '', 
   in my view , the eu is too diverse for a united military to function . 
  do you really think that us french will take any orders from the english ? 
  i think the french , german , spanish etc. 
  militaries would be more effective cooperating than one eu military being mixed together , but i 'm not an expert on this so i 'm not sure . 
  so you mean like what nato has been doing quote successfully for a while now, 
  all you have left is budjak and dobrogea, 
   latvia and lithuania not included wtf bro, 
  you 're a vampire ? 
  i 'd imagine it is as popular as over there in the west , but then again , i do n't know how popular it is in the west . 
  we were talking about it during last week 's history lesson , which was on world war i. 
  mentioned as a horrible event , one of the first genocides in history , and that turkey still denies calling it a genocide up to this day . 
  as for how i feel - well , it was a terrible event , yes . 
  lithuania has first-hand experience on genocide , though , so perhaps we do n't feel as shocked as westerners when learning about it . 
  [ i like it , but i know many people do n't . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ax3vikios7y ), 
  in lithuania , prehistory ends with the foundation of the lithuanian state in the 1240s , because that 's when the first written records from our country originate . 
  and the middle ages end with the union of lublin . 
  of course , this is only when we talk about our own history . 
  we use the standard definitions in world history . 
  i think there was an english translation of * baltaragio mal\u016bnas * ( `` whitehorn 's windmill '' ) by kazys boruta recently , so you can check that out . 
  it 's an interesting book . 
  if this were a perfect world , i 'd recommend * altori\u0173 \u0161e\u0161\u0117ly * by vincas mykolaitis-putinas , * kuprelis * by ignas \u0160einius or * diev\u0173 mi\u0161kas * by balys sruoga , but , sadly , i do n't think any of them have english translations . 
  except maybe the last one ( search for `` the forest of the gods '' ), 
  he 's such a good political meme that he branched off into the usa, 
  and then dip them in salt like a man . 
  i do n't know if he 's still relevant nowadays , but we have petras gra\u017eulis . 
  he 's a politician in the order and justice party ( a bunch of eurosceptics ) , a member of the seimas , who is famous for his extreme homophobia . 
  he would constantly say that he 's `` saving lithuania '' , go to gay parades and outright attack the protesters along with followers . 
  [ here is he being carried out of a parade by force ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2zdrlqirpfi ) . 
  since then , he is a sort of joke among our community , which i especially noticed when i was making a political poll in my school before the 2016 elections - everyone would cringe and laugh whenever i 'd ask their opinion on him . 
  my father once joked : `` we can solve the refugee crisis very easily , just give gra\u017eulis a kalashnikov and put him on the border . 
  although , that might not be a good idea , he 'd just start shooting the gays ... '', 
  same here . 
  we also mention the new deal and it 's success in recovering the american economy . 
  and i think there were a few lines about prohibition . 
  pretty sure that 's not a painting , it 's a [ statue ] ( http://media.bernardinai.lt/o/fe02ef474f353abeb24a293050a1ccebb91278a1.jpg ) by juozas zikaras . 
  i believe [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/mikalojus_konstantinas_ciurlionis_-_finale_%28i%29_-_1908.jpg/800px-mikalojus_konstantinas_ciurlionis_-_finale_%28i%29_-_1908.jpg ) is one of the most iconic paintings . 
  it is the finale of the * sonata of the sea * by mikalojus konstantinas \u010ciurlionis . 
  i 'd give it a 5/10 . 
  we are not in a some sort of shithole and we have integrated with the west pretty well , but still , the legacy of the soviet era is dragging us down in both aspects .
