lithuania : loves japan wait what this has got to be the weirdest stereotype we have been accused of . 
  i mean , technically there was that one japanese consul who gave a bunch of jews visas during nazi occupation and thus saved them from death camps , and we made a monument for him for it , but still ... 
  cr : poland , we even did a fusion dance to boost our power against a powerful and massive enemy that just would n't die . 
  we : russia . 
  come on . 
  we2 : belarus , for trying to steal our history and our pride, 
  grybauskait\u0117 steps down , lithuania accepts that urach descendent as their king and becomes a kingdom . 
  to which belarus bitches about , but ca n't do shit to stop it . 
   greece-turkey fight  [ gone sexual ] now i ca n't unsee it, 
  look , there 's the camera bro !, 
  i would guess they think of emigration there , too , but it 's just me . 
  there is some , actually , about 150 million barrels . 
  also a lot of shale oil . 
  i do n't like this prank . 
   basketball capital #  could n't beat a bunch of balkan kebabs uhh, 
  nation simulation browser game with a very left leaning forum . 
  did i accidentally stumble into nationstates again ? 
  `` the forest of the gods '' ( `` diev\u0173 mi\u0161kas '' ) by balys sruoga . 
  it 's great . 
  if i recall correctly , snie\u010dkus ( leader of the communist party in lithuania ) and his government did their best to halt the russification , though there were still signs of it . 
  source : have read \u010cekuolis, 
  you reap what you sow . 
  i mean , come on , do you think after stealing a nation 's capital and claiming all of it 's history as your own , you do n't expect said nation to hold some animosity towards you ? 
  it 's usually not serious anti-polish sentiment , though . 
  except we do n't even have those tanks . 
  so y' know, 
  we 're used to this, 
  and we 'll miss this sight in 2 weeks , when it all melts as is tradition . 
  but but but we 're better than all of non-eu balkans , romania and bulgaria ... 
  in lithuania , pessimism is realism . 
  i , for one , believe the eu army would still be more capable than our army . 
  ca n't get worse than zero . 
  `` in case of invasion , go to the nearest forest and fight '', 
   and then after him another prime minister we elected was the bodyguard of the former communist head of state before 1989 . 
  eyy , so did we !, 
  it went slightly better for us though . 
  r stands for republics , not russia . 
  so it 'd be european union of soviet socialist republics . 
  no thanks churchill, 
  i prefer eussr , sounds fitting / s, 
  it is still an official language in malta iirc, 
  implying that we balts are n't weird we had one chance to get in line with the universal u for union but nope, 
  yes, 
  actually most of them are . 
  i do n't think our criminals follow ethnic lines . 
  i still want to believe, 
   on the company wiki . 
  now that 's a configuration of words i have n't heard of . 
  as an inhabitant of the `` lithuanian chicago '' , i do n't disagree . 
  * but * being known across the western world as `` that nation which exports thugs and gangsters '' would be a serious blow to our reputation . 
  and right now , a good reputation among westerners is a very important thing that we need . 
  yeah , that more specifically . 
  most of our crime circles fled lithuania in the 90s , establishing themselves in , say , norway , germany or the uk , siphoning off westerner naivety for profit . 
  criminal export !, 
  we use emigrant for both cases , both temporary and permanent emigration , so that 's why i asked . 
  we are the first by percentage !, 
  is it the same as `` emigrants '' ? 
  well he was born in navagrudok . 
  this map counts place of birth instead of nationality . 
   putting a king we called the traitor of our nation for centuries as our most famous person reeeeee, 
   highest suicide rates  russia i am personally insulted . 
  nah , it 's us that you should look up to in that regard, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lei%c4%8diai it 's weird , yeah . 
  no , j in lithuanian is spelled a bit like your i. 
  the romance j is represented by d\u017e . 
  so close enough . 
  - zh , more or less, 
  lithuanian for `` foreigners '', 
   that 's why to this day we hate all the countries that surround us i mean , all the countries around us have a reason to hate us , too . 
  medieval lithuanians were one of the biggest dicks in eastern europe . 
  we 'd raid everyone who is n't already subjugated so hard that they would come to us crawling on their bloody feet to make it stop . 
  latvia was the biggest victim . 
  hell , the very first thing the german knights did upon settling in riga was to ally with the locals to beat up two wandering massive ( up to 3000 men , which was big for a tribal society ) lithuanian armies raiding everyone from finland to galicia . 
  even the name for lithuanians in latvian , `` lei\u0161i '' , comes from a lithuanian term for knight servicemen in that period , also applied to the soldiers of the raiding armies hosted by the nobility . 
  give it 20 years when all the old people die out, 
  shit , the u\u017esienie\u010diai know our secret, 
  i mean , the eu blows like  100 billion euros on poland in structural funds , poland ca n't really complain with that . 
  i mean , why the hell not ? 
  so uk is vegeta ? 
  i ship them, 
  please no kaliningrad . 
  it 'll just give us a crimea for russia to later exploit . 
  we had a chance to annex it in the [ 1960s ] ( http://www.15min.lt/m/id/aktualu/istorija/karaliauciaus-srities-prijungimo-prie-lietuvos-istorijos-pedsakais-582-349107 ) and get rid of the russians there before independence , but we did n't , and now we have one of the most militarized regions in europe on our doorstep . 
  such is life in amberland . 
  ~ 1.60 actually according to current data , and [ a bit misleading ] ( http://m.delfi.lt/aktualijos/article.php?id=70020304 ) . 
  despite the increase in immigration from europe , [ the net migration stays more or less the same as it was 10 years ago ] ( http://123.emn.lt/lt/bendros-tendencijos/migracija-10-metu-apzvalga ) . 
  i 'm just as hopeful as you are , and things are getting better , but they could fuck up here in more ways than one . 
  we are n't going to get our birth rates back up . 
  it ai n't gon na happen . 
  not with all the people who are supposed to be raising said birth rate emigrating to the west . 
  we lost 700k people in ~ 25 years , there wo n't be much of a lithuania left by 2100 . 
  if you think your lack of empire is bad , wait until you get to us . 
  i confirm for lithuania . 
  all legit . 
  we stay pure in our day counting shtick . 
  wait what, 
  are we russian to you ? 
  lol vz i 'd seriously argue on it 's quality . 
  well , not production quality , they have that one in the bag , but overall bias towards or against certain parties and movements . 
  labour or tvarkie\u010diai ads every day , bashing any semblance of liberalism , and catching onto anything that can discredit the current government ( they rolled on the garliava high train more than anyone ) i prefer lietuvos rytas , myself .
