  comparing ourselves to other countries . 
  it 's the standard dialect in all but a few minor differences . 
  actually , as far as i can tell , everybody here * does * speak the standard lithuanian language . 
  the original dialects ( dz\u016bkijan , auk\u0161taitian , samogitian ) were * really * different from the standard when it was conceived , and now they 've all been assimilated so well that only a few minor differences between dialects remain ( like , for example , here in panev\u0117\u017eys we always use the hard a and e if they are stressed in the word , even though the standard also has soft a and e ), 
  standard lithuanian is based on the sudovian ( more accurately from the \u0160akiai region , the * zanavykai * ) dialect , found in the southwest of the country , near the border with poland and russia . 
  the reason for why it is the base is because the lithuanian linguists who were standardizing the language in the 20th century were either from s\u016bduva or considered it to be the nicest sounding dialect . 
  this is exactly what the eu feared would happen in austria during the 1999 elections , where the fp\u00d6 leader haider was among the main leaders in the polls and rode on an anti-immigrant and anti-eu rhetoric , so what the union did was preemptively place sanctions on austria . 
  14 eu states froze bilateral relations with austria and cut most types of diplomatic contact ( [ article here ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2000/02/haid-f22.html?view=article_mobile ) ) soon after the election . 
  while the sanctions were mostly symbolic in nature and haider did n't actually become prime minister , this is what i presume the eu would turn to as an example should something like you describe were to happen . 
  after, 
  even i have to say , that 's very small . 
  it 's less than our pensions, 
  790 euros is a lot . 
  over here the minimum wage is 380 eur . 
  huh . 
  well i do n't think i 've heard of that . 
  maybe it 's a regional phrase ? 
  i have n't heard of any animal being associated like that in lithuanian tbh . 
  slightly unrelated , but `` putinas '' in our language is also the word for `` guelder rose '' , so that 's pretty fun . 
  especially when one of our country 's most famous writers ( vincas mykolaitis-putinas ) is named after it , so there 's a bit of confusion going on . 
  i mispronounce * my * last name . 
  on purpose . 
  because then it sounds cooler . 
  i usually do n't have problems pronouncing lithuanian last names . 
  on foreign names - we warp them to be lithuanian . 
  for example , we say and write * \u0160varcnegeris * instead of schwarzenegger , or * putinas * instead of putin . 
  language purism , ftw, 
  hey , that 's a very similar backstory to the latvian flag , where la\u010dpl\u0117\u0161is was soaked in blood so hard after a battle that the cloth he was covered in was almost all stained except for the belt . 
  maybe that 's why your flags are so similar . 
  well , they want to provide every child with a national costume , are fighting against alcoholism with every means possible and are building a great fence on the russian border . 
  and they 're farmers . 
  we had our big election last year and nobody bats an eye . 
  we even elected populists to power . 
  not enough lithuania . 
  my biggest grievance . 
  look at all these people rich and masochistic enough to use butter as a spread . 
  margarine or nothing . 
  margarine or nothing . 
  vilnius vs kaunas vilnius vs everyone else east vs west , i.e. 
  our original gediminas dynasty spawned at least half of the more famous russian and polish noble families , so there 's definitely many alive potential successors . 
  we had a german king for a few months , too , but he was never crowned , never actually accepted by neither germany nor ourselves , and he only existed as a prank to have germany accept our independence , so i do n't view him as legitimate myself . 
  if we 're asking whether it is * possible * in europe , then i 'm not sure if my country is still in europe . 
  no , that is not what i meant . 
  do n't try to misinterpret me . 
  even if front national wins , will they have a majority in the french legislature , will they have enough of a support base to get a majority in the french ep seats , and will they manage to raise enough support for the necessary referendum for quitting the eu ? 
  le pen can win the elections , yes , but her party getting all of these three things ( all necessary for quitting the eu as you say ) would require fn to be the biggest and most popular party in the french politics , and for the majority of the french voters to approve of leaving the eu , which is far from truth . 
  once again , she 's not all-powerful . 
  she 's not the french meps , nor is she the french representative in the commission . 
  does she have the power to outright draw out from the eu ? 
  the president is not all-powerful . 
  well , it 's readable . 
  i do n't think our media has yet discovered clickbait , but i might be wrong . 
  i did a quick check in delfi and apparently it 's about the new government and it 's plan for this year . 
  do n't throw us out of eu and nato and we 'll be cool . 
  most people do hear about brexit and le pen , but we 're not really scared too much , we 're too far away to be affected directly . 
  vilnius lives up to the amount of hype it gets , i.e. 
  not much . 
  in my opinion , by the time that europe is even ready for such a decision , national borders and the like , especially between western countries , will become so irrelevant that the question will become redundant . 
  i wonder what would happen if we transported the finnish education system over here , many people around me are hyping it up as a panacea of some sorts . 
  beetroot soup , not beef soup . 
  i think it 's good . 
  here in lithuania we usually have the cold version , though . 
  i mean , i do n't even believe in the accuracy of the right-left spectrum and i think it should be scrapped as an inaccurate way of defining political standings , but whatever . 
  there is no `` right wing '' ideology . 
  right wing is just a wide term for all ideologies to the `` right '' in the political spectrum , whatever that is . 
  we have a biathlon following , a small one , but it 's overshadowed by the much bigger and more popular sports out there . 
  [ we got an olympic gold for it , at least . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algimantas_\u0160alna ), 
  apparently , lots of foreigners laugh at our language for using - as as an ending to most masculine words , which i do n't really get . 
  yeah , it sounds like `` ass '' if you have no idea how to spell those words , sure , but whatever . 
  what usually gets a chuckle from me is that we lithuanians are stubborn about our language and it 's purity that we are willing to kick out even the most recent borrowings from english or russian and replace them with nonsensical lithuanian transliterations or sometimes even original words entirely . 
  you see , we have this whole government institute in vilnius composed of a bunch of old men whose job is to take recently popularized words , usually from the internet , and turn them into nonsense . 
  that 's why we use , say , `` asmenuk\u0117 '' instead of `` selfie '' , or `` vaizduoklis '' instead of `` monitor '' . 
  and they also have the power to give fines to any public institutions , be it a newspaper or a street sign , who * dares * to not use those words and stick to english . 
  so that 's pretty fun . 
  i was always partial to `` union of europe '' , myself, 
  i second this . 
  there 's still a lot of room for improvement in the eu that has to be done before we can think of burning the bridges for one more time . 
  i usually ask `` why do we call them \u010digonai ? '', 
  our country 's policy has been constantly going back and forth between `` we must destroy all dialects and language variations to create a unified language '' to `` we must save the dialects from becoming assimilated '' , so it 's hard to say really . 
  a lithuanian from , say , a city in samogitia and a city in auk\u0161taitija , the two most defined regions in lithuania as you call them , would sound almost the same , but if you took an old rural woman from samogitia and an old rural woman from auk\u0161taitija , it would sound pretty different . 
  well , first of all we 'd need to ban a few bots and trolls , but i really do n't have much of an idea . 
  just more content i guess . 
  get the fuck out and to the west before they mass deport us again . 
  my journey would look like this : i cross the border/arrive via plane and instantly search for fellow lithuanian emigrants . 
  find them , and get sad that they live better here than at home . 
  go to the nearest restaurant and ask for cepelinai and kvass . 
  get surprised that the people here do n't eat lithuanian food . 
  get disgusted by the good food they serve ( my taste receptors are not used to good food , i 'm lithuanian after all ) live in the country for a few months and employ a social benefits abusion scheme to get enough money to leave . 
  go to the next country . 
  rinse and repeat until i 've visited them all . 
  did someone hurt you ? 
  we 're trying to revive it , but it 's still mostly shit, 
  well , the official site tells me that it 's 4.5 million , but who knows, 
  oh , crap , i just looked to the site and did n't check fully . 
  the actual number is 4.5 million word entries . 
  though i still think we would have gotten to 11 million if we did n't purge every polish and russian word from our language, 
  the [ academic dictionary of the lithuanian language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academic_dictionary_of_lithuanian ) , the official dictionary of the lithuanian language , maintained by the state language commission , has over 4.5 million * words , in over 22 000 pages . 
  beat that . 
  well , coupled with high emmigration , they caused our country 's population to decline by 25 % in 20 years , so in my opinion we have reasons to be worried about it .
