  still better than hungary , and it 'll also knock you down a notch . 
  it 's a win-win for us !, 
  their main rivals kosovo and taiwan ca n't even compare, 
  warsaw or krakow would be better . 
  and hey , then it would be close enough for me to realistically visit !, 
  better performance than our basketball team in the olympics, 
  with those ( what i presume to be ) girl vocals going with it , that song creeps me the hell out . 
  to one-up russia for the sake of our 700 year old rivalry , we will use kgb tactics to take kaliningrad and belarus is going to be one butthurt about it . 
  ... right ? 
  is that how it works ? 
  it was so surprising to me and my family visiting poland for the first time that you ca n't communicate with anyone important with russian . 
  it 's like when you go through suwalki , you enter a whole different country . 
  ... wait, 
  for those wondering how the baltics are so progressive : women outnumber men here by a ratio of 12:10 or something , and also soviet era heritage . 
  globalization is a tricky mistress, 
  wait , we do ? 
  how come i 've never heard of that ? 
  in addition , the baltics are in an odd position where they belong to two steam regions - eu and the former soviet union - at the same time , which rises the problem of region locked games reaching us despite us not being able to play them . 
  when i bought dragon ball : xenoverse from a local online distributor , i had to use a russian vpn to be able to install the game . 
  even if we lost grunwald , we would have just tried again in 1411 . 
  hell , poland and lithuania were ready to go to war in this timeline 's 1411 to beat the order down one more peg . 
  one of the least effective battlefield victories of all time - pretty much a textbook example of a victorious battle not meaning a victorious war . 
  what i mean is that poland and lithuania failed to use the success of grunwald for what it was worth . 
  sure , they destroyed the teutonic army , killed most of their leadership and had it in the bag , but while they were busy spending valuable weeks counting prisoners , dividing loot and raiding castles , heinrich von plauen stationed himself in marienburg and rebuilt the order 's forces fast enough that jogaila and vytautas had no way of taking the castle . 
  hell , for crushing what was one of the greatest military forces of eastern europe , we sure got scraps - some lands in kuyavy , de jure control of samogitia ( which lithuania already held de facto ) and minor monetary concessions . 
  in some ways , the order came out victorious in that war - they kept most of their territory intact . 
  nevertheless , it was still a great morale-boosting victory , and the fact that the war reached constance just heightened the prestige of what most of europe still considered to be pagan barbarians . 
  good work , team !, 
  thank you based bathory, 
  yes , 300 level in the way that we stopped swedish progress for a few years and ended up having our asses kicked anyway . 
  we still are cocky about it , though . 
  too bad we went a bit too far with that progress and ended up tearing ourselves apart with anarchy and pacta conventa . 
  because baltics ... 
   it 's just that you 're so poor you ca n't even afford to maintain any sort of meaningful military force . 
  hey !, 
  braliukas is not poor , he is just skinny !, 
  lithuanians as suicide councillors ? 
  you have more tanks than us , though . 
  man , we need to step up our game, 
  food , especially meat , is super cheap in poland . 
  i do n't know why , i do n't think their vat is much lower or their production costs smaller , it might be a cosmological constant . 
  latvia does n't have that bonus , kaliningrad is poor as shit and the borders are a bitch to pass through , and we import cigarettes instead of food from belarus . 
  every saturday or sunday , the shopping malls in northeast poland are thus crowded with our citizens . 
  it just is , we do n't even know how to solve it . 
  would you take it more to heart if we were to comment on your situation , too ? 
  hey , uh , poland , we 're a bit scared for you . 
  you 've had your social experiment , cousin-wife , but if you go on , we will stop driving in mass droves to suwalki to purchase your cheap chicken as sanctions , okay ? 
  i second this . 
  at least we 're not pulling shit like that . 
  help us be best country in the world :p, 
  perhaps the institutions of the time could not afford taking photographs of every single citizen ( remember , photography was still in it 's early stages ) , so they had to settle for the next best thing . 
  this guy fucks, 
  let 's check for my country ... 1995 : $ 2 169 2016 : $ 16 490 growth : 760 % #suck it , westerners, 
   contrary to a popular belief the wealth divide between western and eastern europe is at least 500 years old . 
  pretty sure that most people here are not arguing that - in fact , the wealth divide can easily be traced even earlier , at least for the balto-slavic part of eastern europe and the west . 
  what many probably refer to is how * wide * the gap is . 
  the baltics and what is now the visegrad were n't usually as far behind as seen here or in most other economic measurements . 
  sure , there was a gap , but it was more comparable to the gap between modern western and southern europe , or argentina and the rest of south america . 
  it was there , but it was n't huge . 
  yes , instead of inherited wealth it 's wealth they acquired by abusing the `` prichvatization '' period . 
  here in eastern europe ( though i guess the baltics also count for the north ) we were quick to divide ourselves back into classes and wealth tiers . 
  this explains why i never heard of it - obscure people screaming stupid things on facebook and then getting reported by delfi is not at the top of my interest . 
  wait what can you remind a fellow lithuanian on what the hell you mean ? 
  maybe some minor obscure hippie rural politicians somewhere . 
  outsourcing 's a bitch, 
   i do n't even remember someone mentioning that there was cia prison in lithuania ... am lithuanian , can confirm - we 've never heard of it , either . 
  kidding , we have , but we honestly do n't care . 
  when you have former kgb `` mental hospitals '' littered around your country , you eventually learn to not care . 
   lithuanian nationalists you are probably thinking of `` lithuanian disgusting sociopathic nazi collaborants '' . 
  lithuanian nationalists were the ones saving the jews , providing them food or just did n't collaborate with the germans . 
  or got deported right before the invasion . 
  look man , you 're saying nothing new . 
  here in lithuania we are constantly reminded of the fact that a certain portion of our people at the time were bloody murderers in it for the jewish money and valuables . 
  it 's even in children 's history textbooks . 
  i think you missed the gimmick i was going with, 
  romanticism , realism , modernism , postmodernism , classicism , magic realism , impressionism , expressionism , surrealism , futurism , baroque , socialist realism , cubism , dadaism , post-postmodernism , postcolonialism , neo-romanticism , neo-realism ... 
  lol what . 
  when they were a tribe in the pripyat , so before the 500s and 600s or something . 
  all slavs were once balts , too !, 
  ( i know that the accurate term is balto-slavs , but let me have this moment , okay ? ), 
  not a slavic nation , but most of the russo-ottoman wars of the 19th century were waged under the pretext of liberating the southern slavs , in the name of panslavism . 
  i am a pro-eu and somewhat of a pro-federalization person ( which is odd to some , as i am from lithuania , which is often portrayed as the opposite ) , but i think that the term `` united states of europe '' is a misnomer . 
  it implies that a united europe would work in a manner similar to the united states - a strong federal government and all eu members reduced to the equivalent of us states , which i think is definitely not the way to go . 
  not now , anyway . 
  a possible united eu should be similar to what we have now - a common foreign policy and currency , but mostly independent membership - just with additional powers to the leadership , such as a federal military . 
  baltics are now sad . 
  well , we kicked zeligovski 's ass in giedrai\u010diai , but you can keep believing that if you want . 
  i dunno , when we were sieging kremlin in 1370 , you sang a different song ... 
  lem me try that for a sec `` kurwa , wilno belongs to kurwa poland , kurwa . '', 
  lithuanian triggered level : high yep , it works . 
  this one took me a while . 
  the fact that the country next to you a capital with a similar name does n't help . 
  because dat lithuanian pride . 
  also a really negative view towards poles being instilled in us from primary school against our own will . 
  to be fair though , most of the younger generation are pretty cool with you guys . 
  after all , where else would we go shopping for raw chicken ? 
  `` someone '' and `` yourself '' are not exclusive, 
  `` wilno belongs to poland '' works 100 % of the time . 
  101 % if you say it in a polish accent . 
  somethingsomething revolution # 3 ?
