  thank you for letting me know . 
  i had not thought about the situation with the kurds but from everything i have read the kurdish sitation seems to be deteriorating . 
  i also see that turkey has attacked kurds in both iraq and syria . 
  it just seems that the political and security sitation in turkey is deteriorating . 
  not being from turkey i am wondering what is so bad about the akp . 
  that is erdogan 's party correct ? 
  i remember the protests a few years ago and the proposed development in the park but the issues and opposition to him seem to run deep . 
  schabowski always seemed very open about the mistakes that both he and east germany made . 
  he was not afraid to say what happened during the cold war and in east germany where wrong . 
  you are right in saying that bring peace to the middle east is not enough . 
  all of the issues you raise are part of the problem as is the fact that many of the those governments are corrupt , self serving dictatorships with no interest in improving the lives of the people they claim to represent . 
  just look at saudi arabia , in theory a wealthy country as a result of its oil resources most have which have been siphoned off for the benefit the ruling family . 
  it is no surprise we ended up with the arab spring in 2011 and all the problems we have now . 
  most of the countries in the middle east and north africa only stay in power though oppression and i do n't need to tell anyone that all of the problems and issues have generated unrest . 
  i only see the immigration problem getting worse and i am very pessimistic for the future . 
  while i do empathize with the immigrants who want to escape war and poverty in the middle east , i also understand many european countries feel overwhelmed the immigrants entering their countries . 
  the issue is that while these immigrants do need and deserve help much of europe already as issues with unemployment , housing , healthcare , and other social problems . 
  added to this is the fact that many people across europe are concerned that these immigrants may not integrate and have few marketable skills and little education . 
  i just do n't see how many european countries can keep accepting so many immigrants when there are are already so many problems that affect people who are already living in europe . 
  the only real solution is to bring an end to the conflicts that plague countries like syria . 
  since there does not seem to be any workable solutions the situation can only get worse and place more strain on institutions such as the eu . 
  for once i can agree with something cameron says . 
  we really do need to find a solution to what is going on in syria . 
  as much as we may not agree with the russians or their support for the syrian government they are not going to go a away , but then again neither are the rebel groups . 
  everyone agrees that isis must be dealt with and then perhaps some kind of talk can be held to at least try and stop the fighting . 
  i doubt that it will be easy but we have to do something that will stem the flow of refugees into europe . 
  i did not blame anyone 's beliefs i said i did not understand them . 
  i have yet to see anyone offer a proper explanation and yet people here feel free to down vote . 
  i do n't really recall calling anyone racist . 
  what i did say was that i did not understand the lack of compassion . 
  the refugees have pretty much lost everything , have nothing and there is a good chance that if they remain were they came from they would end up dead . 
  i think that in most of us would do the same thing if they were in their position . 
  perhaps if the countries of europe ( and the u.s. ) helped resolve the situation in the middle east we might not have this problem . 
  after all , it was the west that helped create the current situation and created the conditions that lead to the rise of isis . 
  i honestly do n't understand the lack of compassion with the refugee crisis . 
  it seems to me that the vast majority of people are fleeing war and have pretty much lost everything . 
  yet the response of some people across europe is hostility and anger . 
  most of these people have lost everything and i am sure if they had the choice would love to return home . 
  i wo n't shed any tires tears if they get taken out . 
  they made the conscious decision to go off and join isis , kill rape and torture in the most vile way those who can not defend themselves and all for a twisted ideology . 
  we do n't want them back and they deserve what they get from the special forces . 
  a really interesting set of photos from then and now . 
  i had no idea how violent the 1956 uprising was until looking at these images . 
  we are not all `` whiny '' as you put it . 
  plus you had your vote 2 years ago and lost . 
  there is no guarantee that life outside the uk will be any better and most scottish trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  i am english and do not agree with brexit and would like us to stay in the eu but what ever happens in the next few years i am sure the uk will be okay . 
  seems like the tolls are out in force . 
  lets not feed the trolls . 
  you claimed that a majority of the uk voted to leave , this is factually incorrect as only 17.4 million out of a total population of 65 million voted to leave . 
  even if you exclude those unable to vote it was still a minority of the electorate . 
  either be precise in what you mean or do n't say it . 
  correction , a majority of those who voted in the referendum voted to leave , it was certainly not the majority of the uk . 
  he never gets any traction . 
  every time he makes one of his eurosceptic posts in this sub or r/unitedkingdom he gets down voted . 
  no we are not . 
  this is more fear mongering by someone who is trying to sell a book . 
  neither the americans or the russians will risk getting into a direct confrontation , both sides known that the consequences would be too devastating and horrific to comprehend . 
  well it was terrorism on both sides . 
  and if one side carried out an attack the other would retaliate . 
  it would just go one and on to the point that i at least ( and i bet many others ) , got desensitized to the news about the troubles . 
  when i was growing up in the uk in the late 70 's and 1980 's we had serious issues with irish republican and irish unionist terrorism . 
  pretty much everyday the media would report a bombing or a shooting . 
  it got to the point for me personally that i used to just ignored many of the reports , there was so many of them . 
  compared with current terrorist attacks they do not seem as numerous ( although that seems to be changing ) but they are far more deadly . 
  the reality is that terrorism is not a new thing , what seems to have changed is that thirty and forty years ago much of the terrorist action involved those who had political and/or nationalist aims were now much of it is motivated by an extreme religious ideology . 
  i agree , the uk should not get any special treatment from the eu . 
  i am sure the eu will want to get the best possible deal for its members . 
  it will not allow the uk to simply have all that it wants from the eu without some of those things it does not want , such as free movement of labour and financial contributions to the eu . 
  switzerland is facing this issue right now since its referendum which supported restrictions on free movement . 
  the swiz government was warned again just the other day that if they go ahead with imposing such restrictions they will lose access to the free market . 
  the uk government despite its statements is going to find out all this soon enough . 
  as has been said many times now the uk brexiters are not going to get what they want without consequences . 
  why could germany and france allow the british to keep those passporting rights ? 
  both countries are already courting uk based banks to relocate to frankfurt or paris and the french have made it clear that britain will have to face a penalty for leaving the eu . 
  the financial service industry is worth billions and france , germany , and even ireland are going to try and claim a piece of that business . 
  it seems like the uk is already increasing its involvement in the un and nato . 
  in the long term the uk will survive but it will be weakened and will possible without scotland and northern ireland . 
  the talk today from the two tory candidates for prime minister is all about limiting migration from the eu . 
  if they are serious then we can kiss good bye to access to the free market . 
  even though i am a uk citizen i have zero sympathy for my country . 
  i expect and even hope that the eu will play hard ball and say point blank that if we want access to the single market then you will follow all the rules or there is no deal . 
  i see your point , they can still blame the eu because the make the uk sign up to all the laws and regulations and yet have no say . 
  it could play into their hands so that they can say the eu really is anti-democratic . 
  that was an argument that was used during the campaign . 
  the brexit voters are going to find out that the uk will have to agree to the eu 's four freedoms plus keep paying a hefty contribution for access to the single market . 
  the difference will be the uk will have no influence on the decision making and will have to accept all the rules and regulations of the eu . 
  it will be interesting to see what the reaction will be in the uk if and when that happens . 
  i wonder who people will blame when they see that things are not getting any better . 
  they will probably just keep blaming immigrants since many people voted in the referendum based on concerns of immigration but it is very unlikely that immigration will go down . 
  the greeks were bailed out by the eu after the government borrowed cheap money for years . 
  many people at the time benefited and no one seemed to complain or see the danger signs of such a policy . 
  it is no surprise that the bailout money came with conditions , the greek government has to change its ways . 
  lol ... i am actually british but i live in the u.s. 
  i try to go back when i can . 
  all of my family is still there . 
  i wish that people in the uk understood those benefits . 
  some do but i think many people believe the lies they were told in the referendum campaign by the media and the people who led the campaign . 
  i think too that plenty of people feel left behind and do not see any benefits to being in the eu . 
  more than anything they protested about the lack of jobs and opportunity in their own areas .
