  the leave campaign had really no idea what they were getting themselves into and it will take years to train these negotiators . 
  there is a lot of talk about the border between spain and gibraltar closing and spain getting either join sovereignty or complete sovereignty over gibraltar . 
  the reality is that during general frano 's rule of spain and for some years after spain 's transition to democracy the border was closed and despite the difficulties this caused gibraltar it remained british territory . 
  i really do n't see how this is going to change just because the uk has opted to leave the eu . 
  why is it that we have all these right wing groups across europe such as front national and ukip who say they hate the eu and want out of it but yet are happy to receive hundreds of thousands of euros from the very institution they claim to hate ? 
  no i do n't think he would . 
  british monarchs do n't normally abdicate so i expect he will dies as king . 
  no he is still the heir to the throne . 
  the title of prince of wales is not automatic so when william becomes first in line for the throne his father ( the king ) will have to issue the title to him . 
  no , that is not correct at all . 
  we also do not have `` crown princes , '' the male heir to the throne is normally styled the prince of wales . 
  prince charles has not given up his succession rights and will succeed his mother upon her death . 
  * edited for spelling *, 
  she could well do . 
  i would say she has another ten years even though she is almost 91 . 
  her mother lived to 101 so she may live at least as long . 
  yes he has been divorced and it did matter in the past but not in 2017 . 
  he will be king unless he dies or refuses the crown . 
  the uk government keeps saying that it will accept free trade with the eu and it wants to stay part of the single market but will not accept free movement of people . 
  the eu keeps saying that the uk must accept free movement of people if it wants in the single market . 
  the best part is that the opinion polls show the british public want to remain part of the single market while not accepting free movement of people . 
  when are they both going to accept that the eu will not budge its position and they will not get what they demand from the eu ? 
  the way you hear the uk brexit ministers talk you would think the uk was some superpower and that the eu will just role over and acquiesce to the demands of the uk . 
  how i see is is that the uk is just another country in europe and is negotiating position will be no match for a bloc of 27 countries that will still be the largest free trade area in the world . 
  some members of the british public and the uk government are deluded . 
  no , you are right . 
  i would agree . 
  several of the countries of europe spent the last three or four hundred years pillaging their way across the world and many of the problems we have now in the middle east and africa can be linked to european imperialism . 
  yet when people from those regions want to come to europe they find the welcome might pulled up and are greeted with nothing but hostility and hate . 
  if you do n't want thousands or millions of people fleeing to europe may be it is time to help solve the problems that are causing them to move in the first place . 
  perhaps then we would not have so many people fleeing to europe . 
  i do n't think the mods bothered even paying attention to the facts of the story before they hit the delete button . 
  still terrible even if it is a `` local crime . '', 
  may and her government lurch from one crisis to another , one u-turn to the next . 
  the eu keep asking what the uk want out of brexit but the truth is that the government does not know . 
  i am still expecting the brexit talks to break down and for the uk to crash out of the eu . 
  oh come on , why would they lie ? 
  i am no expert on polish politics but from what i have read and understand the documents came from the former interior minster who was in office back in the 1970 's . 
  saying that poland might still be a communist country is a real stretch at best . 
  back in 1989 the communist regimes across eastern europe were in big trouble . 
  the soviet union said it would no longer use military force to prop up those regimes and the economic difficulties , politcal oppression , and unpopularity led to their collapse . 
  communism in poland would have fallen with or without walesa 's help . 
  are you going to say the same thing about japan , china , and india too ? 
  they have all said that britain is better off in the eu than outside it and what also most be remembered is that it is not just britain 's trade with the eu that will be affected , all those trade agreements that the eu currently has with none eu countries will no longer apply to the uk come march 2019 , that is something like 60 % of uk trade . 
  trade agreements take time to negotiate and in the mean time the brexiteers are just happy to fall back on wto rules . 
  how can the uk economy remain competitive and attractive to business and investors ? 
  for those businesses that operate outside the eu why would they prioritize the uk market when there is the eu market with seven times the potential customer base ? 
  good article by martin wolf . 
  he sums up very well the disaster we are heading into . 
  if it looks bad now a year from now it will look even worse . 
  it has been over a year since the brexit referendum and we still have no idea what the current government hopes to achieve from the brexit negotiations or what our relationship with the eu will be after we leave . 
  there is just so much to sort out and only now is it become apparent to our politicians and the brexiteers just how serious the situation really is . 
  i just do not see brexit going well come march 2019 and problems for years to come . 
  this will really erode living standards across the uk over time . 
  the evidence suggests it has been happening at least since the last recession . 
  this is one of many reasons i worry for the future of the uk . 
  i had not seen it and i am very skeptical about the story . 
  i just can not see the lib dems supporting the tories after the coalition and their resulting near wipe out in the 2015 election . 
  the most recently election suggests they are nowhere near close to repairing the damaged caused by their decision to go into coalition with the tories . 
  theresa may as not looked for , or is receiving any support from the liberal democrats . 
  after she lot her majority in the recent election she turned to the democratic unionist party of northern ireland for support . 
  the agreement with the dup is pretty dubious at best . 
  you are correct to say british politics has turned into a total shitstorm . 
  we have pretty much gone from one crisis after another since last years referendum and unless we change course i do n't see it getting any better . 
  exactly . 
  lots of people make an effort to visit world heritage sites and most countries and communities love the attention and the revenue that the listing provides . 
  most countries welcome their cultural and environmental treasures to the unesco world heritage list has it raises their international profile and attracts tourism . 
  it is sad to see the polish government make much statements and damage such an important forest . 
  i thought the althing did not meet from 1800 to 1843 ? 
  its not just the nursing profession that is suffering , many other professions are already being hit . 
  i think many of us are really concerned about the future of the nhs , public services , and the uk economy . 
  sure we have over a million unemployed but those people do not have the skills and qualifications to fill the available jobs . 
  perhaps some of the unemployed could be trained but it still would not meet the skills shortage that the uk is now facing . 
  longer meaning forever . 
  i for one do not want to leave and hope we do not leave . 
  brexit is a terrible idea . 
  a request could be made to extend the date of brexit assuming that all side agree . 
  not even sure if they can be done in three years . 
  brexit it so complex and involves so many issues that it will likely take several years at best . 
  funny how the politicians change their tune went it suits them . 
  trump 's proposed state visit is not popular at all and would lead to protests during the visit . 
  this is how separatist movements get started . 
  i am not saying it will happen in this case but i do not see the politcal situation going very well if spain block the referendum . 
  i have always thought people should have the right to self determination . 
  if the people of catalonia what a referendum on independence which seems to be the case then what is the big deal ? 
  if there is a vote for independence then spain needs to accept and respect the vote . 
  i still can not believe what has gone on in the last year , brexit , the rise of english nationalism , now this election . 
  at this rate there will be no country left . 
  it has not been in the last week . 
  since may became pm we have had one policy change and u-turn after another . 
  we can expect more of the same . 
  the iron lady she is most certainly not . 
  weak and wobbly !, 
  i agree that first past the post is nonsense . 
  it is simply not very democratic and does not express the views of the voters . 
  yes , no free movement will mean hard brexit . 
  theresa may ran much of her campaign on brexit and yet she did not receive the mandate she expected . 
  there is a really question now about what will happen with brexit and the possibility of a soft brexit were we stat in european economic area but not in the eu . 
  if we choose that option we would have to accept free movement . 
  the brexit negotiations are going to be very complicated and we now have a weak government that may well not get any brexit agreement though parliament .
