i have been to : uk ( country of birth ) ireland italy netherlands france germany luxembourg belgium switzerland spain i am also planning on going to greece next year . 
  i honestly do n't see these ships being sold to another nation . 
  they are indeed highly specialized and anyone buying them would have to be able to make specific use of them . 
  there are not too many countries that could afford to buy and run these ships and even if they can how exactly would these ships fit in with their current defense strategy . 
  i am wondering if the french are just blowing hot air about interest to try and deflect from the fact that they now have two very expensive warships that will cost millions to maintain . 
  i am not so sure that coming at number 36 qualifies as `` doing alright . '', 
  for a country that has a long history in science and space travel i would think that russia should be ranked higher . 
  this is pretty much how russia was run after the mongol invasion in the middle ages . 
  after the mongols the expansion of moscow results in pretty much the same thing . 
  looks like the french are stuck with these ships for the time being . 
  they were built especially for russia and i doubt that france would sell them to anyone else . 
  revolting . 
  there is no excuse for this behavior . 
  that explains it then !!, 
  i did even do a check with ken clarke and discovered he did lean labour at one time and his grandfather was a communist . 
  his wife died recently too , very sad . 
  as far as i am aware ken clarke has never been a member of the old liberal party or the current liberal democrats , let alone have been a leader of the liberal democrats . 
  he has contested the leadership of the conservative party three times ( losing each time ) and been a member of the conservative party since at least the early 1960 's . 
  great news . 
  there are lots of europeans on reddit . 
  the uk really should be playing a much bigger role in space . 
  some of what was said in this story was very encouraging . 
  we can not be surprised by this . 
  the imf said just the other day that the reforms greece agreed to in order to get this latest bailout did not go far enough . 
  the result would be an increase in greece 's debt to over 200 % and the need for yet more bailouts . 
  it seems like this greek tragedy is going to run and run with the result that it will be the greek people who suffer . 
  all this seems to show is that the debt situation is going to get worse and the latest bailout is simply a case of kicking the can down the road . 
  it wo n't be long before greece needs yet another bailout . 
  how many deadlines have we had ? 
  this keeps dragging on and everyday seems to be a new deadline . 
  in the mean time the greek people have to suffer with restrictions on banking , and the economic situation and quality of life deteriorating . 
  it needs to get sorted . 
  so this will get to continue for at least another day . 
  honestly , when is this going to end ? 
  in that case i agree , he would have gotten up flack for not being there . 
  seems like whatever he did he was going to offend someone . 
  just because the british government does not recognize the armenian genocide does not mean i do n't . 
  the irony here is that my undergraduate thesis was about the armenian genocide . 
  the european union as been successful in establishing a level of peace and prosperity that is unrivaled in modern european history . 
  despite the difficulties and set backs my hope is that the eu will survive these difficulties and continue to develop economic opportunity across europe . 
  i agree . 
  various uk governments have been authoritarian when it comes to human rights and shown not too much regard for the environment . 
  is this true across the entire eu ? 
  if a country or region offers no opportunity or future for young people is it any wonder they have no confidence in the eu or their national governments ? 
  i can imagine that many young people in places like spain and greece would be disaffected . 
  high unemployment and poor prospects would lad them to loss confidence and look for opportunities elsewhere . 
  the reason i find this interesting is because it happened to me . 
  i left the uk at 25 for america and have never looked back . 
  i do find it sad that people are discouraged with the whole european project . 
  you are correct , it is a guideline but my main point still stands , the countries of europe should be providing more for their own defense and not expect the u.s. to pick up the bulk of the tab . 
  although i am not a fan of the tories this was the budget that was needed by the country . 
  not a fan of turning student grants into loans but i thought the rest of the budget was reasonable . 
  when it comes to defense i actually think we should spend a bit more and keeps over the 2 % nato requirement . 
  when it comes to defense europe has relied on america for far too long and needs to step up and spend more of its own money on defense . 
  i posted the link in the mega thread comments as per your request . 
  please add the link to the original post . 
  if appropriate please feel free to delete this post . 
  here is a link to the guardian discussing the latest deadline for a deal . 
  the article states that if no deal is reached then the greek banking sector will collapse : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/07/greece-crisis-eurozone-tsipras-banking-collapse, 
  another day another deadline in this never ending saga . 
  how much longer are the greeks going to put up with this neverendum of deadlines and delays . 
  i n the meantime the greek economy is in limbo with the money running out and the quality of life continuing to decline for the greek people . 
  actually i do know how dramatic the the fall in living standards has been and the fact that plenty of people have taken 30 % and 40 % cuts in their pension not to mention levels of unemployment that are similar to , and even exceed what was experienced in the u.s. in the 1930 's . 
  now that the greek government is in this mess , what are they proposing to get out of it ? 
  this saga has been running for months and years and yet conditions for the average greek gets worse while people just sit around and talk . 
  i agree that it is not an ideal solution but why should the young people stick around when there is no future . 
  this mess was not of their making and by staying they may well condemn themselves to a life of poverty . 
  the decisions that young people in greece in greece face right now are the same ones i myself faced 20 years ago . 
  i decided to make the move and it was the right decision then and it is still that right one now . 
  do n't get me wrong , i really do sympathize with the greek people but some hard decisions have to be made , both for the government and the people themselves . 
  more then a few will have to leave to seek a better life elsewhere . 
  i know from experience it is a difficult decision to make but it is one that has to be done . 
  what is going on now with greece and what happened to the u.s. during the great depression are not the same . 
  the fact of the matter was that during the great depression public spending did not pull the u.s. out of the depression , it was wwii that helped pull the u.s. out of its economic depression . 
  you also have to remember that the u.s. at that time had complete control over its money supply and could increase the money supply at anytime to stimulate spending and ward off deflation , both of which were an issue in greta depression . 
  as for greece they do not control the supply of euros and the money supply will completely run out in days . 
  just were is greece going to get more euros ? 
  that question is the reason greece is currently in this mess . 
  it is true that it is going to be the young greeks that will be expected to pay for this mess . 
  lets be honest if you are a young greek in your twenties why would you even bother staying in greece ? 
  this is especially so if you have an education and/or a skill you can take elsewhere in the eu . 
  i do n't know if young greek citizens have been leaving for better opportunities elsewhere , but after all this and with a future in greece that does not look promising why would any of the young people want to stay ? 
  i made reference to tax evasion when i mentioned that greeks do n't pay their taxes . 
  from what i understand that is a huge problem in greece and is an issue that simply has to be dealt with as you rightly say . 
  i do not see why the ecb or anyone else should keep giving the greek government any money , it really is a case of throwing good money after bad and the time has come to simply turn of the money supply . 
  if the greeks will not put their financial house in order then everyone else can do it for them by simply not lending out anymore money . 
  it will be along hard adjustment but it will be for their own benefit in the long run . 
  one think is certain , they can not keep carrying on as before and expect everyone else to pay for it . 
  greeks seem to want the great pensions , welfare , not pay taxes but the money has to come from somewhere . 
  now the bill comes due they forced to accept economic and financial reality . 
  whatever happens it will be unpopular with the greek people but in the end they allowed their government to overspend and will have to accept the consequences . 
  no , i do not see how uk citizens would be able to keep their eu citizenship . 
  as a british citizen i sincerely hope we say in the eu . 
  to many people in the uk do n't understand how the eu works or the benefits that eu membership bring both them personally and the uk . 
  china and india will not come to the side of russia unless their on vital interests where threatened . 
  as much as the west hates what has happened to the ukraine the u.s. and nato will not come their aid because that would risk provoking a direct confrontation with russia . 
  no one wants a confrontation with russia and i would say that at least in the u.s. public opinion is against it . 
  1973 , 1987 were both pretty serious financial crisis . 
  there have been many more in history . 
  there was also 1873 too which until 1929 was often referred to as the great depression .
