  the shadow cabinet is a separate issue to the leave campaign . 
  when a political party in the uk is not in government ( the largest party in opposition ) it forms a shadow cabinet that exists to keep the government accountable for its actions . 
  if the opposition wins an election the idea is that the shadow cabinet then takes control of the various government departments . 
  the reason for the trouble in the labour party shadow cabinet is that labour fought for the most part for remaining in the eu . 
  a lot of labour members of parliament felt that the labour leader , jeremy corbyn , was euro skeptic and thus did not campaign has hard as he should of for the remain side of the debate . 
  after the referendum result must of the shadow cabinet resigned in protest and there was a vote of no confidence by the labour mp 's against corbyn . 
  corbyn refused to resign and since he as the support of ordinary labour party members he would likely win a leadership election . 
  it really does have to be difficult for corbyn since so few of his mp 's support him and yet he is supposed to work with them on a daily basis . 
  i agree that the netherlands will not leave . 
  they do have a lot of influence and it proves them with enormous economic and political benefits . 
  the same of course goes for britain but our press has been by and large anti-eu for years . 
  they peddle all sorts of half truths and propaganda about the eu so such an extent that the eu even set up its own blog to disprove them . 
  the problem is that very few people read the blog but millions read the papers and after 40 years of reading such nonsense is it any wonder that a large cross section of the british public believes such tripe ? 
  over the years the eu has blamed blamed for just about everything that is wrong in britain . 
  the truth is that most of the problems are the responsibility of the london parliament and not the eu . 
  the fptp system is a reason why many of these problems are not addressed . 
  too many people in the uk feel that their problems and issues have been ignored by the politicians in london and that their voices are not been heard . 
  in northern england the collapse of traditional industries has never been addressed and you can find whole families were no one has ever worked . 
  they feel left out both politically and economically and the eu referendum was a chance for them to finally express their opinions . 
  in the short term i still do not see fptp being replaced . 
  the conservatives and labour both benefit from it and until one of them at least vows to change it i fear it will not be replaced . 
  in the mean time the uk will continue to have a democratic deficit and dysfunctional government . 
  it depends on the who the next prime minister is as to when article 50 gets triggered . 
  teresa may has said that if she becomes prime minister she will wait until at least next january and possibly longer . 
  it could even by in late 2017 . 
  the reason for such a delay is to wait for the german and french general elections so we than know who we would be negotiating with . 
  i do think however that we are stalling for other reasons . 
  i suspect that triggering article 50 is the `` nuclear option '' so to speak and once it is triggered there is no going back . 
  the politicians are terrified of the consequences and are reluctant do do it . 
  even the main figures in the leave campaign said there is no hurry to trigger article 50 and we can take our time . 
  notice too how they have all scurried off and are hardly heard from since the referendum result . 
  i honestly would not be too surprised if a year from now article 50 has still not been invoked and our politicians are trying to come up with a way to explain to the british public that we will not be leaving the eu because the overall costs are just too high . 
  it may create a huge backlash but it just might happen . 
  we shall see . 
  i agree that the friends i have in the netherlands are representative of the whole country . 
  i see the netherlands as right at the center of the eu and i can not imagine the netherlands leaving . 
  it simply would not make any economic sense and would be a disaster . 
  there is plenty of evidence that the leave campaign lied . 
  they argued that if we left the eu that we could save 350 million a week and that money would go to the national health service . 
  they argued that immigration would stop . 
  they promised that those regions of the country that receive eu block grant and economic assistance would get that money from the uk government . 
  they argued that what the remain campaign was saying about the damage to the economy and the that brexit would pose to the financial services industry was all part of `` project fear . '', 
  all of those claims by the brexit group have been exposed as lies and propaganda and now the uk is in the worst political , and constitutional crisis i have ever seen . 
  in time the effects on the economy will become apparent although i think that will be more gradual . 
  i think a lot of people who supported leaving expected us to pull out of the eu pretty quickly and that there might be a few difficulties but then everything would be okay . 
  even the most optimistic forecasts say it will take at least ten years to negotiate our way out of the eu and change all the eu law that we have incorporated into our domestic law . 
  we then have to negotiate at least fifty new trade treaties and right now the uk only has about twenty trade negotiators . 
  i honestly wonder how we are going to sort out this mess . 
  yes it is doable but it is going to be long and painful with lasting damage to the uk . 
  we have done this to ourselves and have no one else to blame . 
  the reason i ask is because i have a couple of dutch friends and they feel the same as you , they do n't like the eu as it is . 
  i was in greece recently visiting another friend and his greek wife was none to fond of the eu . 
  i think her issue was common across greece because of the economic meltdown and the tough bale out conditions that greece was forced to accept . 
  greece is really hurting and you only need to walk the streets of athans , thessaloniki and other greek towns and cites to see that . 
  i think in the end if we do pull out of the eu we will have to accept eea membership , free movement of people , and pay the eu financial contribution . 
  no doubt the brexit people will whine but they were simply not told the truth during the referendum campaign and we can not afford to turn our backs to europe completely . 
  why do you wish for the netherlands to leave the eu ? 
  the other eu countries have to take a hardline with britain or else it will encourage others to leave . 
  opinion polls across europe have suggest that many people are in favor of the eu now they see the mess we have fallen into . 
  i just love how the sun now turns on tony blair . 
  back in 2003 they were all in favour of going to war and called those who opposed toppling the saddam regime spineless traitors . 
  the sun really is the very worst of british journalism and does not even deserve to be called a newspaper . 
  yes they should have had a negotiating strategy but i honestly think the government of david cameron was expecting the vote to go with remain and so did not have any plan in place . 
  i think he knew that if he lost the vote he would have to resign so in that case why bother with any plan ? 
  i do n't think the uk government has yet worked out what they are going to do and will not have any clue until the tory leadership contest is decided and the new prime minister has had a few months to figure out what the plan is going to be . 
  such a scenario would not be a surprise as the full consequences of brexit become apparent . 
  it is possible too that the large financial institutions and business corporations might start to apply pressure on the uk government to reconsider . 
  it should be noted that article 50 most likely not be triggered this year and quite a lot can change in the next six months . 
  i am not expecting it , it has already happened and id happening . 
  have you not paid attention to the financial markets ? 
  apparently you can and it is going to be a very high price . 
  the pound is still not as low as it was in early 1985 when it dropped to as low as $ 1.03 to the dollar but at this rate we are getting to that point . 
  i would expect in the coming months the uk will enter a very long and deep recession which is of course entirely self inflicted . 
  i visited the domtower a few years ago . 
  definitely not for those who have vertigo but the view is spectacular . 
  the british press by and large has been anti-eu for years so to take things out of context and/or just print complete lies is all part of the anti-eu propaganda . 
  while it is great so see the eu website have a blog to put right these euromyths the sad truth is that very few people in the uk know or care about the blog . 
  they read the stories in the paper and therefore they must be true . 
  the reason the uk is in the mess it is in right now is because of the anti-eu bating of the right wing media in the uk . 
  he is not wrong . 
  they got the vote they wanted but failed to have a plan or any procedures in place in the event of the vote going their way . 
  now they see the mess and total crisis they themselves have helped to create they run off and hide and leave it to others to deal with the mess . 
  i really do n't see how anyone could stop them . 
  if i was the french president or a member of their government i would be thinking why should we stop all the immigrants going to britain ? 
  they have the refugee camps to deal with which are not popular in france and elections are less than a year away . 
  i would be none to happy either that britain had voted out of the eu and then you have the idiot farage mocking all the mep 's in the eu parliament last week . 
  i would be in no mood to cut any favours for the uk . 
  i was thinking that is what the french would do . 
  let them all make it to britain and let them deal with the situation . 
  i do not think that england and wales leaving the uk is feasible . 
  even if they could there are lots of questions about international treaty obligations and memberships of numerous international organizations , not to mention the issue of the uk 's seat at the un . 
  so we pretty much votes ourselves out of the eu because we wanted control of our own borders . 
  the eu is saying if we still want access to the free market we most accept free movement . 
  i wonder how the people who voted to leave will feel when the immigration does not go down and they realize they have been sold a shoddy bill of goods ? 
  we had farage too saying that people were tired of listening to the experts . 
  they are experts for a reason and in a service based economy like the uk consultants , advisors and experts play a huge role in the service industry . 
  this vote pretty much sticks up two finger to them and say their contribution to the economy is not worth anything . 
  with all these people moving on britian really will become a banana republic . 
  only 20 negotiators to work with the eu . 
  what about negotiating with all the other countries and trading blocks to achieve deals ?
