  yes . 
  the conservatives had an overall majority of 17 and another election was not due until may , 2020 . 
  theresa may called an early election in the hope she could secure a bigger majority in parliament and stay in power until 2022 . 
  may also said a big majority could help her achieve brexit and her domestic and foreign policy goals . 
  in stead the tories lost seats , lost their majority and theresa may will likely not be prime minister for much longer . 
  her plan totally backfired . 
  if he did i bet he would get more support . 
  it is high time that we had pr . 
  the conservative and labour party . 
  the conservatives have been weakened by this election and everyone in the eu will know it . 
  theresa may called for a general election because she wanted a strong mandate from the people for her brexit strategy and she did not get it . 
  now she will have to be propped by the dup who favour a soft brexit . 
  even with the dup she will not each and every tory mp to support her government in parliament which is not likely to happen . 
  i was wondering about that . 
  they have supposed to have restarted the recount but i have not heard anything . 
  last night the reports were that there was less than a thirty vote difference between the conservative and labour candidates, 
  yes , we already know that . 
  it still does not make it fair or proportional . 
  i think the snp favour electoral reform . 
  not sure of the dup but i suspect they are opposed to it . 
  agreed , and in the last 30 or so years it has become less fair and equal . 
  i think that is one of the reasons people voted for corbyn . 
  i agree but we will not get it in the uk because the current system favours the two main parties . 
  it looks like there was a big voter turn out among the young who came out mostly for labour and corbyn . 
  the tories have done nothing for young people except screw them over and it looks like they tipped the balance in a number of constituencies . 
  hope more people come out and vote in the future and make a difference . 
  exactly . 
  the snp get less than a million votes and 35 seats and the lib dems get 2.4 million votes and just 12 seats . 
  how is this a fair system ? 
  it is even more of a joke now . 
  weak and wobbly is getting plenty of coverage . 
  first pass the post is never a fair system . 
  a party can win just 35 % of the vote and yet have 60 % of the seats in parliament . 
  it does not represent the views of the voters and it is not a surprise that people become disillusioned with the system . 
  so theresa may is staying on as pm . 
  lets see how long that will last . 
  i suspect there are more than a few in her own party want her gone after this disaster . 
  a parliament were no political party has a majority . 
  the conservatives are going to be short eight seats so they will need to deal a deal with another party to stay in government . 
  there are still a few sits to declare . 
  all the others results are offical results and we know that the british conservative party has lost its majority and there will be a hung parliament . 
  there is a big question now on the future of theresa may as prime minster . . 
  i would like to see a few more green mp 's, 
  i do n't think `` she '' ( may ) will be working with anyone since she will have to resign . 
  as you say , the big question is `` what happens now ? '', 
  i am not sure anyone has an answer to that right now . 
  with this result it looks like the shitshow will continue . 
  okay ... i missed that . 
  british politics is going to be very interesting in the coming week and months . 
  the uk is nothing like the weimar republic . 
  i am okay with that . 
  we will be fine . 
  suspect there will be another election within the year . 
  i am not sorry . 
  i do n't think a lot of people are sorry . 
  the conservative party has lost its majority and will not beable to enact most , if not all of its manifesto pledges . 
  i would prefer him to david davis . 
  davis it an extreme right wing idiot . 
  she decided to gamble on winning a landslide and an extra two years and it totally backfired . 
  she throw away a current tory majority for what is now a hung parliament . 
  i am even wondering how we can even start the brexit negotiations . 
  we might have a situation were we have a government beginning talks with out a majority in parliament . 
  the eu negotiators will know that whoever shows up may not have a mandate and may not be there long . 
  weak and unable . 
  but we are supposed to be strong and stable !!, 
  now we are weak and wobbly !, 
  good to see caroline lucas of the green party get re-elected . 
  there is a lot of questions now about the result . 
  may can not go on but a tory leadership contest will take weeks if not months and yet the brexit negotiations are just 11 days a way . 
  what is our going to be our position at the negotiations . 
  will be at the negotiations ? 
  i do n't think anyone knows right now what will happen next . 
  theresa may will be the fourth tory prime minster to be undone , at least in part , by the issue of europe . 
  europe really is toxic for tory prime ministers . 
  yes i put them in my update . . sorry about that . 
  still low . 
  i heard it could be as high as 60 % -65 % turnout for young voters . 
  they really need to get out and vote . 
  tories on 298 , labour 255 , ld 12 , dup 10 , others 11 . 
  we still have ukip banging on about how people voted out of the eu and single market . 
  in the referendum last year people were only asked about the eu and not the single market . 
  as you say what confusion we have . 
  the election was called to get stability and strength and instead we have instability , weakness and an uncertain future for the uk . 
  yes and i do n't trust the dup ... very shady group . 
  it will be be interesting to see what happens with the brexit negotiations . 
  good that the tories are not going to get a majority . 
  britain truly has some of the worst `` newspapers '' in the world . 
  we also have some of the best but these are definitely the former . 
  president macron has made a good start , and a parliamentary majority is what he needs to to carry out his agenda and reforms moving forward . 
  the problem is that come 2020 pence would certainly run for his own term . 
  being the sitting president the republicans would in most likelihood nominate him for his own term . 
  he comes across as much more professional and organized than trump and he could well get elected . 
  i actually want trump to finish his term . 
  do n't get me wrong , he is a total jackass and totally unfit to be president but if he goes we get mike pence . 
  a pence presidency would be not chaotic like the trump presidency but pence 's political ideology , domestic , and foreign policy would be absolutely terrifying . 
  i guess it is a matter of opinion . 
  robert the bruce is the scottish king i always think of first . 
  not so sure about queen victoria for the uk . 
  may be henry viii or queen elizabeth i but they were only monarchs of england . 
  what about robert the bruce ?
