ugh ... what if some people dont like living in ` massive cities ' ? 
  no no . . i think i 'll stay in my small town . 
   i 'm not going to force you into a city . 
  alright then dont . 
  cities are too loud , dirty , and full of sketchy characters for my liking anyway . 
  because the international press clearly doesnt give a shit about one single dead kid ? 
  and your only 20 ? 
  wtf man !, 
  hey thats awesome !, 
  i grow up in a liberal , tolerant , and diverse household , and now i 'm turning into a homophobe !, 
  my brother and 2 cousins are gay !, 
  i see all the promiscuous sex and general hedonism of the gay community at large , and i am saddened . 
  my brother brings dudes over all the time , and snorts coke together most of the time !, 
  many gay people i 've met were very vain , materialistic , and very full of themselves . 
  i know gays like this exist , but they are in the minority !, 
  i still love my brother , but seeing what him and his gay friends do is turning me more and more into a puritanical prude !, 
  why do we care what happens to some suburban middle class white kid ? 
  if you could have , how many men would you have slept with by now ? 
  serious question . 
  good good ... nobody likes loose women anyway , 
   i make $ 100g + a year can not get people out to fill positions . 
  what industry is this ? 
  * b-b-b-but hes a creationist !!, 
  someones bitter . 
  if you 're a voter and worry more about a candidates belief in evolution or whether he 's a creationist over the fact that he will end the wars , repel the patriot act , stop the war on drugs , and many other major issues ... then god help you all . 
   its a fine and fun word . 
  no its not , its a dumb neologism for dumb people . 
   i say fuck that . 
  get off your ass , quit playing the victim , and lay as much pipe as you and your cock can physically handle for as long as possible . 
  what if some of us ( seriously ) dont like promiscuous sex ? 
  kind of like those ( gasp ) puritanical prudes ? 
  seriously , i cant fuck somebody i dont care for . 
  what do guys like me do ? 
  i 'm sorry , do you have a logical counter-argument to his factually correct points ? 
  is mud slinging , character assassination , and straw man arguments all you have ? 
  nice straw man argument . 
  clearly you are worse than this guy , who had just factually correct points . 
  cant tell if sarcasm . 
  you 're still pushing for something i do n't agree with . 
   and those that say that they do n't like promiscuous sex do n't have the experience to make that comment . 
  well yeah , of course , because i chose not to fuck total or near-strangers . 
  the right thing to do would be to send it back . 
  op has no need of this and did not buy it either . 
  careful of what exactly ? 
  the issue at hand here is clearly the fact that someone , somewhere in the world does not accept you for the hypersexual person that you are . 
  which one would you have it as ? 
   that 's just not what i want right now, 
  i 've heard that before . 
  you must have had a crush on a boy , he broke your heart , and now you sleep around to make up for it . 
  i 've seen it a lot . 
  am i correct here ? 
  no judgments , just asking . 
  its a thin line . 
  you 're right on the last part , but textbooks have been written on the matter , and there is no decisive decision . 
  you get dick whenever you want ? 
  whats hard or awesome about that ? 
  you have so little shame as to actually carol at his mothers house ? 
  i bet you would have said yes if the popular jock asked you , just loving the chance top take in his cock and garggle on his dick . 
  i 'm sorry you somehow took that as misogynistic . 
  seriously , take your white horse and ride off into the sunset . 
  alternatively , lighten up and do n't take everything as an assault on women . 
  my dad is a cop . 
  let me answer . 
  female cops are largely relegated to ` easy ' roles ( e.g. 
  you wont see them busting down doors ) , they have less strict standards for admission , and they are generally treated better , for whatever reasons . 
  most of the force are not too happy with this , they see it , rightfully , as a political move . 
   or to 19th century prussia, 
  whats so special about 19th century prussia ? 
  i dont recall their being very oppressive nobles or anything . 
  but ... there is a medically agreed upon level for ` overweight ' , and thats usually when diabetes kicks in and you need to use [ one of these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5xjvy.jpg ) everyday . 
  did you notice the decline of that over the last several decades intertwine with the rise of atheism ? 
   if religion is essential, 
  i never said that . 
  look at japan , it has all of those except religion , and its just as good if not better than norway . 
  canada does not have a culture of hard crime like the us , and has less minorities , which commit a large amount of crime . 
   ask yourself why certain careers are for women or men . 
  hint : it 's patriarchy . 
  i 'm sure you have a citation for that besides conspiratorial ramblings ? 
  what percentages of interviewees leave a followup message or call ? 
  without citations , conspiratorial ramblings is all you have . 
  i 'm aware evil men dont literally gather around to plan it , but when feminists speak of patriarchy , it sounds like nothing but that . 
   looking for irl communities of like minded people . 
  what does that mean even ? 
  how are you people like minded in ? 
  i think importantly , what are your political beliefs ( economic/social ) ? 
   finally , the masons ' exclusion of women seems so dated . 
  that kind of thing is what makes it come across as being a 50s era thing, 
  its a fraternity . 
  fraternity !!, 
  i can not understand the feminist compulsion with rooting out any men-only places and crying havoc !, 
  well your dad didnt raise you well . 
  you should know that not all people involved in a conspiracy are knowing , or willing . 
  and the lower level people obviously are not told anything . 
  hope you enjoy that comfort , because thats all you will get . 
  many females do not have the physical strength required to carry a soldier plus all dozens of pounds of equipment . 
  enjoy dying on that ditch . 
  it makes a lot of sense , and all your questions are answerable via google . 
   if you are anti-gay i 'm anti-you . 
  and i liked you all the way up to this . 
  rapidly homophilic girls are just dumb .
