  but mostly black , since they have the lowest iq and highest physical fortitude . 
  shut up and go clean the jizz out of your ass . 
  we have the same case . 
  how do you manage to clean the front intake fan ? 
  do you have an extra fan on the side ? 
  damn this thing gets dusty real quick . 
  what is your job and how can i get started ? 
  i have aspergers and this looks satisfying . 
  that does not look possible . 
  do you have pictures maybe of how its done ? 
  exactly !, 
  so is racism , sexism and homophobia . 
  all this `` progress '' is a symptom of how good westerners have it . 
  care to give a recap of good urban design ? 
  yes they do . 
  it 's called liberalism . 
  their enemies are racists , sexists , and homophobes . 
  sounds ... much better than my high school experience . 
  just how many girls did you bang exactly ? 
  all of these things existed before the bible and all of these things exist in areas that are not christian . 
  i 'm beginning to think its a part of human psychology , an evolutionarily adopted survival and defense mechanism maybe . 
  well how many total then ? 
  [ as a jew , how do you feel about this then ? 
  so yeah , its okay when its muslims , but how dare you make fun of the holocaust !, 
  thats so offensive !, 
  i 'm calling the adl !, 
  but first , these . 
  still laughing ? 
  check your jewish privilege . 
   there is no jewish privelege , just jewish education and jewish hard work . 
  so would you say there is no white privilege ? 
  just white education and hard work ? 
  come on boy answer the question . 
  so would you say there is no white privilege ? 
  just white education and hard work ? 
   i 'm 5 '11 150 lbs . 
  isnt that a little skinny ? 
  holy fuck i ca n't believe i thought that stuff was real at one point . 
  you 've cheated with your eyes . 
   i 'm mostly insecure about the fact that i 'm indian, 
  at least you 're not a dravidian . 
  jews are not the problem , the arabs , spanish , germans , turks , english , italians , french , greeks , nords , russians , and the austrians , ukrainians , belorussians and chinese are the problem . 
  alan dershowitz told me so . 
   middle class suburbia with nothing to do, 
   and it was taboo not to be `` with '' someone, 
  i 'm from suburbia and your story is just bs . 
  it sounds like you are trying to rationalize your promiscuity . 
  it 's always a giveaway when `` sluts '' do this , because they know in their hearts what they were doing was bad . 
   just tell me why i 'm a slut for liking sex regardless of the circumstance !, 
  this is what we call a straw man . 
  and yours here is the biggest one in this entire thread !, 
  but sure , i 'll tell you why sluts are bad . 
  here also are some links regarding single motherhood , which slut shaming is intended to limit :, 
  and here are some articles regarding women 's sexual repression , which is what slut shaming intends :, 
  and why it is necessary :, 
  somehow , i knew you would rather not face reality and have criticism of your ( poorly ) chosen lifestyle and rather just plug your ears and go `` lalalalala i cant hear you ! '', 
  you must be a fat chick with daddy issues , as is typical of girl that give it up early ( i have citations on that also ) . 
  oh and i noticed how you failed to mention that you 've yet to find anyone that loves you , also typical of the promiscuous . 
  you were supposing to be reading my links , not trying to make yourself feel better about your bad decisions . 
  and i do n't believe you are a cheerleader , so cut the act . 
   but i 'm done responding . 
  like you were several comments ago ? 
  upvotes for brevity !, 
  come on sweet pea respond instead of downvoting like a weak little girl . 
  instead , be like uneification here , and suck and fuck 10 dicks instead . 
  no i 'm not trying to get a response out of you ( but funny how i did , and how easy it is ... sluts lol ) . 
  anyway yeah , tell me when someone will finally love you , even at 19 its easy . 
  btw you 're still responding , a downvote 10 seconds after i post lol !, 
   but i do think that societal pressure to look a certain way can absolutely cause girls to have eating disorders and poor self image, 
  just like ` societal pressure ' coerced you into sucking and fucking 10 different dicks ? 
  lol yeah keep making excuses . 
   i love getting to explain to all the christians how my religious heritage specifically encourages questioning its own dogma, 
  thats so amazing !, 
  do you ever question the holocaust ? 
   islam is anal-retentive about all the wrong issues . 
  never spent time around the orthodox jews i 'm guessing ? 
  no surprise that cunts like you ( i 'm guessing you 're a slut ) ask for citations on things that contradict what they believe . 
  the pro-gay people are distressed over this because they know this might one day lead to normalizing pedophilia ( in fact its already begun in universities ) . 
  they are distressed because then the right-wingers will be right about the slippery slope . 
  i 'm glad to know that there is still something left that is sacred . 
  ( truly , we 've come full circle ), 
  it is n't . 
  mormons are white and any ethnocentrism from them will not be tolerated by the msm . 
  oy vey thats antisemitic !, 
  fuck u write it down or something u lazy @ $ $, 
  has this been fixed ? 
  i know right ? 
  it 's not like western nations are not importing millions of poor immigrants for low-wage jobs and getting us to accept them by shouting about diversity and multiculturalism . 
  just how much `` basic decency '' can you give millions of strangers with different customs , culture , religion and many things else ? 
  it 's just a scheme used by the 1 % to get us to tolerate their low-wage workers meant to make the 1 % even richer . 
  you wish . 
  their liberal brethren are just as worse . 
  because the rights of a homosexual to have sodomy are the biggest concerns our society faces !, 
  jewish populations have decreased in many countries . 
  and the other sides agenda is to shove holocaust guilt down our throats ( and televisions ) until the day we die . 
  he , and i , is denying that they should matter . 
   generally immigration is a boon to society . 
  yes but who benefits the most from that boon ? 
  the already wealthy . 
  immigrants generally compete against the poor for low wage jobs .
