  are you aware that the secular , atheist ussr persecuted homosexuals ? 
  as someone once said , `` there 's no dissonance of values in / r/worldnews when it comes to islam , people hate islam and act as if actions of every muslim applies to the entire religion '' . 
   this is n't just an us vs. them fight . 
  i 'm a muslim , and this guy hated people like me . 
  should i be sad he is dead ? 
  i 'm a muslim too , and also quite the racist . 
  ... at least i used to be , until i saw all this shit in / r/worldnews . 
  now , i try to be a better person . 
  whats your reason for not liking tia ? 
  i got mine , i just want to hear other peoples though . 
  have you not yet realized that this is a racial issue , and all the haters mostly just hate brown people ? 
  racists wo n't make the distinction that you are christian , and leave you alone . 
  everyone not white . 
  because self-hate and uncle tomism . 
   i mean , do n't these people remember the last time we justified placing a whole race of people into camps for `` re-education purposes '' ? 
  they very well do . 
  it 's all part of their plan . 
  they do n't care at all . 
   is this an everyday problem ? 
   is there sharia law in some neighborhoods ? 
   enlighten me . 
  basically , bigots have seized an opportunity to spread their bigotry . 
  did you miss the one where that old pakistani person was killed and the media reporting about it non stop ? 
   also , many muslims believe criticism of islam is racist . 
  probably because ~ ~ most ~ ~ many people criticizing islam do so as a cover for racial bigotry . 
   the us gov did n't invade iraq because of christianity, 
  100 % true . 
  they just used christianity to rally the masses and gain public support , that 's all . 
  no different than their muslim counterparts . 
   equivalent to muslims killing hundreds of thousands, 
  when have they done that ? 
  according to your logic , christians killed millions in iraq and afghanistan . 
  harris ' opinions regarding racial profiling speaks for itself . 
  are you one of them ? 
  i do n't think experience has much to do with it . 
  most of the bigotry comes from european redditors , who have higher contact with muslims . 
  i agree with osama 's ideas of getting the west out of the east . 
  well i guess that makes it all right then . 
  i 'll be sure to tell that to the millions of dead , displaced and war ravaged iraqis . 
  straw man arguments on the internet are literally as bad as calls for genocide . 
  look closer . 
  regrettably , the nazis are not as islamophobic as / r/worldnews would like it to be . 
  nice as in , islam would have been good as a warrior religion , since hitler thought christianity had gone soft or something ( ironic considering what came next ) . 
  either way , i do n't think hitler had much contact with muslims . 
  spain and britain both took part in iran/afghanistan . 
  you sound biased so i 'll give my idea of how i see it , as a turk . 
  the protesters are a product of the secular western elite . 
  the majority of turks are not fond of this because western nations invaded the country and tried to break it up , and ataturk forced western culture down the throats of a non-western people . 
  it does not also help that the secular military have many times made a coup and removed democratically elected leaders and killed hundreds of people , all in the name of `` upholding the constitution and secularism '' . 
  the `` islamist '' akp has brought much wealth and prosperity to turkey within the last decade , but the secular western elite hate all things islam and all things from anatolia . 
  so turks have a reason to dislike westernism and secularism . 
  democracy for me , but not for thee . 
  the kemalists , they call the akp votes uneducated , but they themselves have their fancy degrees but are highly more ignorant . 
  i doubt most of them even know what wahabism actually is . 
  they are just secular and hate rural people from anatolia and their religion . 
   well you can absolutely be secular and religious . 
  i 'm sure you can , but secularists in turkey have a history of being downright oppressive to religious people . 
  even in france , where turkey got the ideas of secularism , where they hanged priests for collaboration with the state , today nuns and priests are allowed to walk into government buildings . 
  erdogan being a hypocrite is an improvement over the dictatorship and assassinations of previous leaders . 
  you need to brush up on your history . 
  previous regimes killed hundreds of their opponents . 
  good article . 
  too bad this subreddit is incredibly biased . 
  i 'll withhold ultimate judgment on erdogan until he starts assassinating his opponents and hanging people . 
  then he will be as bad as the military . 
  erdogan is propelling us faster into the 21st century than anyone else . 
  coups and military juntas have no place in liberal democracies . 
  i 'm not seeing the autocratic attitude everyone is complaining about . 
  a few laws on alcohol sales does not make you an autocrat . 
  are you a turk ? 
  do you even remember what it was like before erdogan came to power ? 
  where is it from ? 
  how is erdogan responsible for the actions of the istanbul police ? 
   erdogan has jailed 100s of journalists, 
  most related to the kurdish issue . 
  previous leaders just sent death squads . 
   100s of military officers on false charges of a `` coup plan '' which is a thought crime . 
  it 's not a thought crime , many officers took part in actual coups which resulted in hundreds dead , thousands injured , and democracy worse off than erdogan could ever do . 
  i love the irony of people that claim to want democracy yet praying for the military to step in . 
  shame on you if you take daniel pipes seriously . 
  why do they have different hair colors ? 
   yes , many muslims are racist , but most of those are the white/levantine ones bringing their white supremacy racism with them . 
  they are not true muslims . 
  arabs are the most `` racist '' of the muslims . 
  man , quit this bullshit . 
  all arabs are racist . 
  are you an arab ? 
   i 'm a muslim . 
  yeah you sound like an arab all right . 
  fuck bro you sound hardcore , go join isis , they 'll take you in gladly . 
  isis , and all other islamists , fight for americas interests . 
  religious people are stupid and they are much easier to control than nationalists like assad or gaddafi ( who both are against america ) . 
  this is why i hate/dislike sunnis ( which is an arab sect ) , and 99 % of religious muslims . 
  also , what has israel really done bad , other than take palestinian land ? 
  as a turk , they have not done much bad to us , but the arabs have done a lot of bad for us . 
  arabs be cray-cray . 
  bro calm down . 
  condense your posts and main points into one and i 'll get back to you . 
  are you phoenician ? 
   tantamount to a western country arming and backing the pkk in turkey .
