  alright thanks for the info !, 
  ah yes , the old victim narrative ( along with cherry picked stats and events ) . 
  the system is inherently oppressive , etc etc etc. 
  carry on . 
  a pedophile cannibal would get at least 428 comments . 
  just because the topic is interesting and unique , ** does not mean we respect you ** . 
  ca n't really say much with huge glasses on . 
  post another pic maybe . 
   and encouraging them to hate those they do n't understand, 
  but thats where you 're wrong . 
  he understands them fully , he just chooses not to `` tolerate '' this shit . 
  thats a damn good reason . 
   someone i could enjoy an intelligent conversation with . 
  i 've never met a women that had an original thought outside of the politically correct mainstream media channels . 
  why are you so special ? 
  i 'm autistic and forever alone and fail at understanding fake stories . 
  this did not happen , right ? 
  have some self-respect . 
  do n't be a slut . 
   your right to live in a fair and impartial society, 
  this is mutually exclusive to those laws . 
  modern women are terrible . 
  as another old fashioned guy like you , i know exactly how you feel . 
  obvious whore is obvious . 
  asking to take someones virginity ? 
  really ? 
  no class and no morals . 
  and i 'm an atheist , dont bother splerging out on me . 
   their evil is evident thanks to the marketplace of ideas and success of the good ones . 
  well , not really . 
  since we silence and ban anyone who does bring light to their ideas , are they really what we 've come to understand ? 
  you got any more info on that ? 
  partly because there is an artificially constructed shortage of all doctors , thus increasing their wage . 
  honestly , i hate most overweight people more than anything else , but you have what is the rare `` good overweight '' thing going . 
  the skirt is nice ( if you even wear that often ) , dressing feminine is always good . 
  you are very cute ( cute is better than `` hot '' or `` sexy ) . 
  dont be a slut , find a good man and enjoy . 
  i wont because i 'm a cynical old man . 
   it 's advice for men written by a woman . 
  i cant stress this enough !!, 
  never listen to any dating advice by women !!!, 
  i could say the same for you in case of anything pro-nazi . 
   christian virgin, 
  women lie when it comes to this . 
  are you 100 % sure of this ? 
  til atheist = same liberal opinions as me . 
   religions promote guilt over sexuality, 
  and what is wrong with that exactly ? 
  society would not work so well if everybody was 100 % unrestrained and relentlessly pursued sexual gratification ... like a macro version of no fap . 
  if its unhealthy for the person , why would it be healthy for society ? 
  your spidey-sense misogyny is malfunctioning . 
  the `` blacks are victims '' is politically correct as fuck and the media loves to bring it up . 
  you have literally 0 awareness . 
  where can i get a job doing boilermaking ? 
  yes i live in canada . 
  please continue !, 
  that comment is wrong and iq tests do not involve any form of `` education '' at all . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  hmm thanks !, 
  do you know where i could start off ? 
  do you need a degree or something , or can i just contact these guys and they set me up with an apprenticeship or something ? 
  i am dealing with it you vain , conceited child . 
  unemployed , but some flooring work 1-2 days a week . 
  i know you must by now `` pedestalize '' women , and you will probably not agree with what i 'm going to recommend you , but know this : you need to stop `` respecting '' women . 
  read this , it was what helped me on the path towards being normal . 
   i want to cuddle and watch a movie with a guy , but who would pay for that . 
  how about you do it for free you damn rich cunt ? 
  i agree with you entirely . 
  reddit is slowly turning me into a right-winger . 
  their support of everything debased , disgusting and general hedonism will put an end to western civilization . 
  hey but at least they are open minded and tolerant !, 
  lol, 
   that nobody bothers to question `` why '' something should be defended, 
  defending conservative viewpoints is hard . 
  i dont support gay marriage , i could not give a `` logical '' reason why , but there are many points that redditors would not accept ( social decay , mocking real marriage , gays are hardly monogamous etc ) . 
  do cornea transplants change your eye color ? 
  you want to fuck a dog . 
  let me say that again . 
  you , a girl , want to fuck a dog . 
  what i 'm about to say is not judgment , it is absolute fact . 
  you are messed up in the head and have a mental illness . 
  why did you not get married ? 
  this shit was largely prevented in the past by couples getting married before sex , which signaled commitment . 
  yeah , that would be bad publicity . 
  we cant have this shit getting in the way of marriage equality . 
  the social sciences are so heavily biased towards liberalism . 
  when something does go against it , you can pretty much trust it . 
  women are free to stay home and clean , men are free to go work in the mines and possible die . 
   also , divorce rates in the church are just as high as outside , so we hardly have any room to cast judgement on defiling marriage . 
  no it is not you dumb fuck . 
  please stop calling yourself a conservative . 
  you want all the progress that comes with utopia but none of the taxes . 
  problem ? 
   otherwise they would have faced certain death, 
  yeah , and hitler was also going to personally murder anyone that was n't blue eyed and blonde haired . 
  can i call them bolsheviks ? 
  what did the jewish peasents due to cause all that anti-semitism ? 
  do you have these same info for ontario ? 
  they also make it sound like going to engineering school is easy . 
  how feasible is it for people waaay out of high school ?
