  that said , whatever the turnout the young have been done a massive disservice by the look of things . 
  does n't mean that we should denigrate the 64 % who did vote though . 
  a lot of older generation in the uk seem to hold the young in absolute contempt for some reason , i 've never quite understood why considering how they 've profited massively from free university education and inflated house prices . 
  youth turnout in the referendum was closer to 70 % . 
  it was the figures based on the general election turnout that were reported by sky news which perpetuated the idea that turnout was very low . 
  what does that have to do with what i just said ? 
  oh engineers , how silly of me . 
  also that refers to uk reddit users as a whole rather than r/uk in particular . 
  in fact it contradicts most of what the other poster said . 
  i think he means you personally . 
  you have a victim complex because you think you represent the uk . 
  last time the question was asked the sub turned out to be predominantly programmers and it professionals in their 20 's and 30 's . 
  that said i 'm sure you must have done your own research , you certainly would n't make lazy generalisations now would you . 
  well well well , i wonder which sub you most frequent . 
  you 're insinuating that brits who voted remain hate britain are n't you . 
  it really sounds like you 're playing the victim card here . 
  just because we 're not being fawned over , does n't mean we 're hated . 
  germany has that particularly unpleasant history to deal with . 
  when i lived there the ` live and let live ' mentality prevailed . 
  i used to travel through a red-light district on my way to work , i could walk down the street drinking beer on my way home and on the weekend i could attend a large outdoor music event being held with minimal police oversight . 
  there would however have been an exception made if i had chosen to partake in those activities wrapped in a nazi flag , seig heiling as i did so . 
   we 're more `` live and let live '' . 
  this is true to an extent but we 're not without or own petty laws and authoritarian habits . 
  it 's not like we 're without an authoritarian streak in the uk . 
  we tried to make house music illegal for fucks sake . 
   in 2050 the uk is going to be the biggest economy in europe that notion is predicated on a cebr study conducted in 2009 , which utilised data gathered in 2009 . 
  naturally it did n't take brexit into account . 
  i find it rather amusing how many posters are confirming the notion that britain has become an anti-intellectual society . 
  apparently higher-education is leftist brainwashing and the average person knows better than a scientist . 
  no wonder half the country was taken in by a confidence trick . 
   my mum is a teacher and she is the only tory out of all the staff in her school , all of them voted for corbyn . 
  she is very moderate , but even she complains how fucked the education system is nowadays . 
  sorry but are you suggesting that the education system is failing due to having left-leaning staff ? 
  not saying you are but your comment reads that way . 
  secondly , the conservatives have been in charge for 7 years , surely they 're to blame for the problems facing education in the uk . 
  looks like we 're going to have to learn to pull out lads . 
   do you really think australia has no culture or something ? 
  australian culture is different to uk culture . 
  well there is the widespread racism that many brits might find appealing . 
  they also have a great music scene if you 're interested in that kind of thing . 
   we speak the same language , sure . 
  but that 's not the be all and end all of culture . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
   so you just going to ignore my german example ? 
  it 's a barely relevant component of your meandering style of argument and a pretty poor example . 
  three countries bordering each other have citizens who regularly live in each others respective countries . 
  how illuminating . 
   to put it all down to ignorance is ironically quite ignorant . 
  how droll . 
  ok but in regards to my original point before this pointless meandering , is sharing a language with other non-eu countries a good enough reason to leave the eu and end freedom of movement ? 
   require plenty of effort and investment . 
  in regards to learning another language and interacting with different culture ? 
  which is what i was referring to in my comment , which you have quoted . 
  so what ? 
   or are you implying the 52 % that voted to leave the eu . 
  well it 's not unfair to assume that the people i 'm referring to will predominantly fall into that category . 
   comments like `` having an ignorant , close-minded populace with extremely poor language skills '' & `` an underlying contempt for non-anglocentric cultures among many british people '' read like lazy stereotypes to me . 
  not really when i 've met plenty of people who conform to those archetypes , which are truisms if anything . 
  i know i have plenty of wonderful , intelligent countrymen but this discussion is n't about them . 
  sorry but what the hell are you talking about . 
  the discussion is about language skill and cultural integration . 
   you seem to have a very low opinion of you 're own country . 
  no just a slim ` majority ' of it . 
   the vast majority of british people living and working in europe also integrate perfectly well , with little to no issues , and yes many of them do learn the language of their host nation . 
  i 'm sorry but what point are you actually trying to make here ? 
  those are exactly the people i was n't referring to because this entire conversation is predicated on the notion that british people do n't take advantage of eu fom in significant enough numbers . 
   there 's no ` contempt ' for non anglo cultures at all . 
  i do n't know whether you 're being disingenuous or ignorant because it 's a regular and blatant characteristic of many brits . 
   9000 miles and costly immigration requirements = no effort or investment ? 
  so a long flight , paying a fee and filling in paperwork is more of an investment than learning a language and actually bothering to integrate with a different culture ? 
   it 's not contempt , it 's just ` why bother ? ', 
  that certainly is contempt . 
   path of least resistance that 's a funny way to describe laziness . 
   haha , weak . 
  you have no answer . 
  i am in no way obligated to pander to your diversionary tactics . 
  in regards to the english language , lingua fraca it may be but that does not mean it does not speak to a certain level of arrogance and english exceptionalism . 
  i hope you realise that this attitude regarding other languages and cultures is nihilistic to the extent that it will harm britain and its population . 
  or do you think as a nation we 'll be learning mandarin in the future ? 
  i mean , we 're supposedly outward looking now , right ? 
  the two countries are so similar to the extent that it requires virtually no effort or investment to live there and interact with the people . 
  secondly , let 's not pretend that there is n't an underlying contempt for non-anglocentric cultures among many british people . 
   or rather we 're in the unique position where we do n't really need to learn another language pure arrogance , though it illustrates my point . 
  i take it you 've never witnessed our countrymen yelling at the locals in english while abroad . 
   what 's your opinion of the irish ? 
  i prefer them to many of my countrymen . 
   are they ignorant and close minded too ? 
  irrelevant , they have n't voted to leave the eu . 
  though a significant amount of them can afford to move to a country 9,443 miles away that conveniently speaks english , right ? 
  might also have something to do with having an ignorant , close-minded populace with extremely poor language skills . 
  anyway - great reasoning for throwing 800,000 people under the bus nonetheless . 
   we have no plans !, 
  it 's going to be great !, 
  rule britannia !, 
  saboteurs must be crushed !, 
  will of the people !, 
  - daily express, 
   i voted remain you expect me to believe that ? 
   you may as well just say we are going to ignore the vote entirely give people the middle finger and move on . 
  nice try .
