  lyon , nearly two years and i love it here . 
  i 've lived in germany and the netherlands in the past . 
  do n't think i 'll return to the uk for a long time , i was always unhappy there . 
  what about slick rick ? 
  stereotypically : all the men are like glenn beck , but fatter . 
  all the women are like meghan trainor , but fatter . 
  on a more positive note , americans are seen as super-friendly , positive , talkative and generous . 
  i live in france , french hip-hop sounds pretty cool to me . 
  as far as the uk goes , i prefer grime over uk hip-hop , it 's a lot more authentic and fun to listen to . 
  nonsense . 
  an example of that not happening would be the cold war , when russia became a superpower and an even better example would be the rise of china . 
  the rise of these powers did not lead to world war due to a ) the proliferation of nuclear weapons , followed by detente and b ) economic cooperation between powers . 
  in the uk ? 
  bristol , manchester or maybe cardiff . 
  elsewhere ? 
  hamburg is great , kind of expensive but the public transport there is excellent so you can commute from a cheaper part of the city like wilhelmsburg pretty easily . 
  i agree although i was referring to the effects of climate change . 
  the world 's foremost superpower , federal in nature with the uk fully integrated after a hopefully short period in the wilderness . 
  a better relationship with russia would also be desirable . 
  i would like to see migration firmly under control but i 'm not sure how this would be achieved without either turning the continent into a fortress or essentially ignoring dire humanitarian concerns in africa and the middle east . 
  i consider myself centre-left/liberal and i believe we should help syrian refugees as much as we can . 
  that said , the refugee crisis was handled in an incredibly reckless manner and now we need to start taking a harder line on most migration from outside the eu . 
  strong . 
  eu funded projects and freedom of movement have had a profound positive impact on my life . 
  life seemed very bleak when i graduated in 2010 . 
  though the bleak situation forced me to take a riskier , more exciting trajectory . 
  i 'm just glad i do n't live in the uk any more , brexit is bad news . 
   lol it was hardly a joke and it obviously was n't poisonous i do n't know what you 're referring to , you 've lost me . 
  i was n't referring to something you said , rather the attitudes i 've encountered over the years from people who are n't funny . 
  jeremy clarkson wannabes without the wit . 
   you 're on the road the road to racism and xenophobia with that one buddy . 
  that 's some pear-clutching desperation on your part . 
  it 's an observation and one that can be easily made . 
  also unfortunately a lot of brits are fat , statistically . 
  you 're welcome to play the beige middle if you want but if you have n't taken note of the poisonous undercurrent beneath the so-called jokes you 're either oblivious or being willfully obtuse . 
   generalisations ? 
  just because it 's a generalisation does n't mean it does n't have an basis in truth or reality . 
   i know that all french people do n't have contempt for us then say so in the first place . 
   it 's called a joke . 
  sometimes yes , a lot of the time it 's just being cuntish . 
   plus they have utter contempt and arrogance aimed straight back at us so i would n't worry too much . 
  i live in france , unless you 're referring to parisians they really are n't like that ; i do n't think they even give us a second thought , although brexit has made us a laughing stock but that 's not exclusive to the french . 
  it certainly becomes frustrating when people hail him as some kind of genius , i just wish they had higher standards . 
  he 's overhyped to the point of absurdity and people perceive his work to be far deeper and more intelligent than it actually is . 
  he 's not really any more remarkable than your average political cartoonist in a newspaper or even a designer of novelty t-shirts , he just happens to use a spray can . 
  he gets way too many accolades for what amounts to a pretty vapid body of work . 
  not saying there 's anything wrong with enjoying his work but people need to get a grip . 
  individualism should refer to personal autonomy and uniqueness but i think in a lot of cases it has more to do with extolling the virtues of selfishness and greed . 
  just my two cents . 
  * ignorance and close-mindedness . 
  people believe ` common-sense ' , ` telling it like it is ' and tabloid bullshit is better than actual education and expertise . 
  * the contempt for the french . 
  i 'm not just talking about the risible ` surrender-monkey ' jokes but the arrogant , undeserved superiority complex many of my countryman have . 
  besides the better food the french are far more refined , better looking and in better shape than the majority of fat , tasteless imbeciles we have in the uk . 
  * the popularity of banksy . 
  i live in france so occasionally my colleagues and i listen to the hip-hop station generations . 
  visiting lille for a few days , just to relax and check out a city i 've never been to before . 
  next month i 'll be in antwerp as part of my job but once the work is finished with i 'll be staying for an extra week just to enjoy the city . 
  the rest of the summer will most likely be spent in the gym . 
  oh really , i had no idea . 
  you would have thought the government 's failed policy of inaction and appeasement during the spanish civil war might have taught him something . 
  chamberlain had a number of relatives and personal friends among the aristocracy who were fascist sympathisers . 
  one has to wonder how that influenced his thinking and approach . 
  quite right . 
  well , it 's certainly * ahem * for acquired tastes . 
  you were n't kidding !, 
  when i created the account i was fascinated with basque history and the civil war . 
  i was reading about it obsessively . 
  a poor choice in hindsight but it 's too late now . 
  for the record i 'm completely aware of what a monster emilio mola was . 
  two of my personal favorites , both classics that you occasionally still hear these days . 
  [ bizzare inc. - i 'm gon na get you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whrlabjvvdc ) [ mj cole - sincere ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02krashcg0w ) edit : just remembered another [ dave the drummer - one night in hackney ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piizy-5_rk0 ), 
  brexit in name only if possible . 
  the majority of leave voters fell for a con , they deserve a sub-par outcome . 
  we should n't completely disregard reality in order to cater to them . 
  yeah a few similar ones came to mind . 
  this would end up being a very politically correct league . 
  better when it was controlled by the mob apparently . 
  black metal maybe ? 
  yeah brits have a bad habit of wearing out the surrender stereotype too . 
  as if france did n't lose thousands of soldiers during the war , or have thousands of it 's resisting citizens imprisoned , tortured or murdered . 
  disrespectful really , especially considering the nazi-sympathising members of the aristocracy and political class in britain at the time . 
  collaboration or even capitulation could have happened here too . 
  * london launderers * paris pickpockets * berlin wallers * amsterdam redlights * brussels bureaucrats * barcelona catalans * budapest uprisers * gda\u0144sk strikers * moscow oligarchs * rotterdam gabbers * tallinn skypers * helsinki introverts * glasgow smilers etc. 
  i 'd highly recommend the day today and brass eye , both 90 's satirical programs but still brilliant . 
  hamburg is expensive but the public transport is so good you can live in veddel or wilhelmsburg for the rents and commute to the centre without much hassle . 
  the uk would be a mixture of new york , new jersey and illinois maybe . 
  wales where my parents live is like virginia due to the coal mining , mountains and drugs . 
  france where i live could be louisiana or cali . 
  i was n't entirely sure whether or not they were a proscribed organisation , they pretty much disintegrated and most of the true believers split off into other groups/went underground . 
  yes , i answered another posters similar comment just a second ago in regards to the scrutiny fascist/neo-nazi organisations receive . 
  correct although most far-right parties tread the thin line of acceptability and are very careful with their rhetoric . 
  openly nazi/fascist groups are scrutinised heavily by the authorities . 
  combat 18 members are banned from the police and prison service and while not strictly a party , national action were banned last year . 
  yes but they do n't openly identify as fascists or a fascist party even though they are . 
  the british union of fascists was banned in 1940 . 
  we do n't have any parties these days that openly identify as ` fascist ' to my knowledge . 
  not really , i imagine that if i complained constantly or was rude in pointing out certain problems then i would probably be chastised . 
  if anything i think people have got slightly irritated because i only see the good things and have n't been living here long enough to understand certain matters in the way that locals can . 
  it goes both ways though , a lot of my french friends have an overly romanticised idea of the uk and have n't seen much of it outside london .
