based on your previous comment surely favoring non-eu immigration over eu immigration will only exacerbate those problems ? 
  also eu migrants are net contributors in regards to what they pay in and what they take out . 
  i suspect the pressure placed on services has a lot to do with the government 's program of austerity , which once again is matter cynically placed at the eu 's door by the government and the media . 
  the problems with housing have a lot to do with the lack of new housing stock and the majority of the demand being in the south due to the london-centric nature of the uk economy . 
  so the problem is n't necessarily that our island is too small rather that the economic and population growth is centered on a very small part of said island . 
   the remain ones pretty racist really , yes to white people , strict on everyone else . 
  yes because that 's clearly how they framed the argument . 
  secondly , the government had the power to loosen immigration restrictions , this had nothing to with the eu . 
  thirdly there was no reciprocal arrangement with other non-eu countries , so crying racism is alarmist at best and disingenuous at worst . 
  the heirs apparent appear to be breitbart-esque websites and misleading image macros on facebook . 
  i do n't think things will get much better when the newspapers fold and it 'll be the broadsheets that croak first unfortunately . 
  i already live and work in france/belgium so it 's more do with the outcome of the negotiations , which i hope go well in the case of eu/british citizens . 
  well it appears we 're sat on different ends of scale , with your optimism on one end my pessimism on the other . 
  bear in mind , i hope your conclusions turn out to be correct . 
  i 'm stuck with pessimism for the moment as i stand to lose a lot , pretty much everything i 've worked hard for in fact . 
  here 's to the negotiations . 
  once again though , what is your opinion predicated on ? 
  is it because you believe the negotiations will go smoothly ? 
   you can not undo tens of years of progress just by one act . 
  you can certainly make it more likely and i do n't mean in the immediate future but a decade or more from now . 
  while i certainly understand and partially concur with the points you 're making , they are still based on speculation in regards to the future . 
  those things were never going to disappear overnight but the potential to slowly bleed out is there . 
  we 're still dealing with the consequences of the policies of thatcher and blair , never mind the recent recession and brexit is a far larger , far more encompassing fundamental shift than that . 
  i just do n't think it 's wise to be complacent and that 's coming from someone watching this all unfold from afar . 
  real question : how do you know that ? 
  also just thought i 'd add , i 'm not one of the people downvoting you . 
  i 'd do n't believe in downvoting people expressing their opinions in a civil manner . 
  maybe a rather unfortunate term , i was relying on my brain 's dictionary and it just threw that out there . 
  i probably should have qualified it with , `` for the lack of a better word '' . 
  the notion that everyone of the political class is as guilty of the same misgivings leveled at farage is purely reductionist and serves to let him off the hook . 
  the points you 've made in that regard are nixed by the fact that farage holds himself up as , ` of the people ' , an outsider , a man of integrity cut from a different cloth . 
  that 's hypocrisy . 
   also , why do people keep on insisting that populism , the position which champions the public , is somehow wrong or disgusting ? 
  it seems insulting to suggest that public opinion is stupid and ought to be dismissed . 
  populism is harmful because it proposes dishonestly simple solutions to complex problems and in the uk electorates case , problems exaggerated or imagined by the tabloid media . 
  while at face value it appears to engage ( see : pander ) with the masses , in reality is does them disservice , it patronises them . 
  rather than encouraging people to understand the true issues at hand it whips them into a frenzy with fear and outlandish promises . 
  i can understand perfectly your enchantment with farage i just do n't think his success speaks to his personal qualities , but rather to our dysfunctional political system and the current climate of our society . 
  secondly i do n't think you 're an ` idiot ' and from reading your posts i do n't doubt that you are educated . 
   will you admit that you just bought into a different tune ? 
  why would you assume that because i 'm not fooled by farage that i 'm some how beholden to some other political figure or movement ? 
  secondly you appear to have changed your argument slightly , you 're no longer disputing that farage is engaging in platitudes because as you say all public figures of the past 20 years are equally as guilty . 
  i 'd hasten to add that that old adage that : `` just because you disagree with him , does n't mean he 's wrong '' , does n't apply here when you look at how farage manipulates facts and spins them in a willfully disingenuous manner . 
  that coupled with his behavior post-referendum makes nigel `` without a bullet being fired '' farage nothing more than a populist charlatan . 
  you say he 's not self-serving after his frankly , shameless maneuvre to have himself made ambassador to the states ? 
  the way he whores himself to the american media and plays to a different tune when he 's among fellow travelers are enough to expose his motives . 
  i agree with you that he 's as guilty as many of his perceived enemies and frankly i 'm nihilistic about all concerned - will you admit that you are in fact an apologist and acolyte of farage and his movement ? 
  remember these ? 
  have you forgotten the ` breaking point ' , campaign he headed during the referendum ? 
   we must break up the eurozone . 
  we must set those mediterranean countries free  before , europe was about treaties , laws and our sovereign right to govern ourselves . 
  now it 's about everyday lives . 
  i ca n't think of any constructive ideas or policies farage has put forth . 
  only vague and simplistic notions founded on leaving the eu . 
  he panders to people 's petty fears about , ` liberal elites ' and ` unelected bureaucrats ' . 
  he 's the man who ca n't dance telling everyone the band ca n't play . 
  probably referring to the way people parrot faragisms and sensationalist platitudes . 
  please say politicians instead of people , we do n't all take after these clowns . 
  richest but with the worst weather . 
  i used to love rising for work at 5:30 am every day to pay for the extravagant lifestyle of my landlady and her ancient cocker spaniel . 
  i do n't even refer to them as baby boomers anymore , i call them generation saturn . 
  what an incredibly shitty thing to do . 
  i agree with the rest but you 've got it all wrong about chip butties , although it has to be chip shop chips not french fries . 
  the people wanted to remove the rights of eu citizens ? 
  i thought this was about sovereignty . 
  i do n't think many brits eat that for breakfast everyday , even when i 'm bulking for the gym it 's too much . 
  they used to show it on cbbc on weekday mornings and on sundays . 
  my friends and i thought it was super lame but also secretly enjoyed it . 
  love visiting toulouse , sitting on the steps by the garonne , watching the breakdancers . 
  ate in a great restaurant last time called la cave au cassoulet , i highly recommend . 
  i 'd be very disappointed if there was . 
  it would take david irving levels of revisionism to read about irish history and have any sympathies for the british . 
  he 's always been a pompous , charlatan . 
  the sad thing is that there are many brits who see him as some bastion of integrity . 
  i 'll stick around , it 's not like le pen being in charge will stop me enjoying the french food and weather . 
  we design print graphics for clothing and textiles , sometimes we undertake the printing process too and we also sell our own work on a small scale . 
  i 'm responsible for the creative side and my partner takes care of clients and finances , which is good because i 'm terrible with money and people . 
  now i just have to work hard on getting my french up to a decent standard . 
  true but my current situation is a more recent development that 's taken over 2 years to bear fruit . 
  when i first left the uk back in 2011 i had just over # 500 to my name , ended up working for a bed in a cheap hostel in hamburg , working nights as a tout on the reeperbahn . 
  it was very uncomfortable but i 'm glad i took the risk . 
  france , mainly because my business partner is french and the majority of our clients are french . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm glad i made the move last year . 
  the nazis had an extremely warped idea of race ( i know , goes without saying ! ), 
  to suit their purposes . 
  when mussolini claimed italians were the founders of western civilization , the third reich claimed that the most prominent romans were germanic . 
  when britain declared war on germany , hitler called the british , `` the jews of the aryan race '' . 
  i 'm saying you 're peddling inaccurate data from july 1st , which was shown to be inaccurate less than two weeks later . 
  yeah from july 1st , that 's the inaccurate data peddled by the likes of sky based on predicted figures . 
  that 's an utterly meaningless platitude . 
  72 % turnout to be exact . 
  64 % among the youth . 
  well yes it 's obvious you did n't bother because the answer is 64 % . 
  do you have any more unfounded , meaningless drivel to contribute ? 
  i ca n't speak for the other guy but a lot of leave voters in my life are incredibly dismissive of any argument that contradicts their views , especially the older generation . 
  they 'll tell me i 've been brainwashed by eu propaganda , or the left-wing media . 
  they 'll me about the utopian society that existed before 1975 . 
  oh is that so , please show me the figures that put the youth turnout at 0 % . 
  the anti-eu sentiment has always been a characteristic of the older generation in the uk , so 90 % turnout was hardly surprising .
