  that 's not what i 'm saying , i 'm saying we should leave but not in a suicidal manner . 
  maybe it wo n't make leavers happy but they were promised many things that ca n't possibly be delivered . 
  we ca n't alter reality just to pander to people who were conned and taken for a ride . 
  no it means leavers can be placated without ripping the country and it 's economy to shreds . 
   theoretical worst case scenario as proposed by a newspaper that has shown clear bias against brexit i think i 'll take that over the theoretical best-case scenario bullshit and conjecture pedalled by the tabloids . 
  to paraphrase bob dylan , `` you do n't need to be a rectal thermometer to know who the arseholes are '' . 
   just throw money at the eu in hopes they give a trade deal in return . 
  better yet , let 's keep fom and go soft brexit for the sake of damage limitation . 
  it 's a disastrous farce . 
  even if you believe brexit is a good idea , you have to admit that our negotiating team is terrible . 
  the one upside to all this will be the cold , hard slap in the face that the many people in the uk desperately need . 
  yeah let 's be complacent . 
  i can understand keeping population under control as desirable . 
  i ca n't say i feel like i 've lost anything to immigration , i 'm not sure many of the other changes even matter either . 
  i 'm sure that 's had a tremendous impact on your life . 
  what are your reasons for doing either ? 
   i do n't see how some people ca n't understand this . 
  i would n't necessarily put it down to a lack of understanding , rather that the blame has been placed at the feet of the immigrants themselves , or the eu exclusively ; as opposed to blaming the systematic failures on behalf our governments in the past decade . 
  so you 're saying that a lot of anti-immigration sentiment in the uk is founded on the idea that we ca n't accept people from the rest of the world ? 
  we were well within our rights to control and vet immigrants from the rest of the world when we were eu members anyway . 
   at the time the upvotes were skewed the other way . 
  so what ? 
  interesting , there are plenty of people condemning the article and the minority of posters for being in bad taste ; as opposed to a universal sentiment celebrating the deaths of old people . 
  she barely has a mandate with the british people . 
  yeah i 've heard the allegation a couple of times , backed up with no evidence whatsoever . 
  the other poster clearly has an agenda and is unsurprisingly a brexiteer . 
  i frequent both uk subs , both have their downsides , neither is infallible . 
  it 's pretty bad but not as bad as the brexiteers like to paint it . 
  source ? 
  i 've heard this spurious old chestnut pedalled before ( by people with an agenda ) and yet there is never a source . 
  and yet you contribute to it . 
  yeah i understand that there was more to historical anglo-dutch conflict than the medway . 
  though from a propagandists standpoint , the medway and it 's orchestrator michiel de ruyter would make for excellent material . 
  there was a film made about it 2 years ago i believe , only saw the trailer but it kind of reminded me of braveheart . 
  the plucky dutch pitted against the evil brits . 
  believe me i 'd like to . 
  amsterdam would be great without the british tourists . 
  they perpetrated the raid on the medway , we flooded amsterdam with our obnoxious tourists . 
  who knows , maybe we should start being better friends to each other ? 
  i do n't know enough about indian decolonisation to deduce whether or not he had malicious intent . 
  also , define major power . 
  i could think of a couple of scandinavian leaders . 
  clement attlee ? 
  i 've witnessed two separate protests in hamburg , one was a march through st pauli , the other was the yearly may day debacle in sternschanze . 
  a lot of the black bloc people i met were complete wankers . 
  yeah it 's messed up in journey to the end of the night when he gets rescued by those african tribesman who literally carry him to civilisation and a little later he kicks them in the arse and tells them to fuck off . 
  i 'd love to , i loved the time i spent in germany and i still visit regularly . 
  i do feel like german can be quite accessible , especially in regards to being able to pronounce it correctly . 
  that said , i 'm dug in here in france at the moment . 
  truffade , that 's what i 'm talking about !, 
  went into business with a friend of a friend when we were both living in bristol , uk . 
  he 's a french citizen originally from paris and he has connections there and in lyon , we settled on lyon for the lower costs compared to paris . 
  i have friends/connections in germany but not a strong enough grasp of the language . 
  beautiful . 
  i 'd originally planned to move to a city in germany or the netherlands and i do have to work extremely hard for the privilege of living here but it 's worth it !, 
  lyon , france . 
  i moved here almost a year before the referendum though . 
  of course , that 's what i said . 
  i 'll respectfully decline those sentiments thank you . 
  what a crappy day it was . 
  ca n't think of anything worse than waking up to the shit eating grins of farage and his acolytes all over the news . 
  i 'm glad i got out when i did . 
  wishing you the best of luck and a bright future . 
  i 'm glad i 'm no longer in blighty with this shit show going down . 
  some instances of rather laughable hyperbole in the article . 
  that said , the way brexit is going i do n't think i 'll be returning to the uk for a very long time . 
  any information put forth by the remain campaign was immediately labeled ` project fear ' , or the product of anti-british propaganda . 
  the people were promised an absurd fantasy and hypnotised by the tabloids . 
  i 'm glad the facade is crumbling . 
  i do n't really care if soft-brexit is seen as ` pointless ' , it 's the least damaging option and will hopefully serve as a lesson on what happens when you cater to whims of reactionary imbeciles . 
  fibre broadband is a pretty essential form of infrastructure . 
  how is the eu supposed to fix the societal problems you mentioned ? 
  if there 's anything to be gleaned from your argument , it 's that towns like yours are beyond help . 
  she probably does n't want to . 
  the point i was making is that if someone was trying to sabotage the negotiations , this is the kind of terrible idea that they would come up with . 
  that said , if the rumors of a cross-party negotiating team are true , bringing farage into the fold is a great way of undermining the labour contingent . 
  clearly the want they negotiations to be as disastrous as possible . 
  the pompous cretin is a national embarrassment . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i could look at a situation from a deluded , jingoist point of view and still see it for what it is . 
   letting people die if it made people reverse brexit ? 
  your words not mine . 
  nice try though . 
  this whole brexit malarkey sounds awfully risky ( and idiotic ) if you think there 's even the remote possibility of people dying . 
  if a cold , hard slap in the face is what it takes to stop you people from harming the country any longer then so be it . 
  i 'm just glad i 'm watching from afar . 
  so even you will admit that it 's a disaster ? 
  sometimes you 've got to hit rock bottom before you decide to admit you 've made a mistake . 
  firstly , anything that prevents the conservatives using brexit as a pretext to remodel society in their image is good . 
  secondly , anything that scuppers the process is good . 
  it will make the disaster more blatant and allow for much needed sobriety . 
  eventually the country will see sense and drop the idea before too much harm is done . 
  in theory at least and at the moment anything that undermines the idiocy of brexit is a good thing . 
  yes brexit is like heroin to half of the electorate and they 're prepared to be fucked in the most degrading fashion just to get it . 
  brilliant op-ed . 
  if only my fantastically idiotic countrymen could grasp the full gravity of the situation . 
  i hope the recent election spells the slow death of this brexit madness . 
  good . 
  the idea of having that degenerate , lying , corrupt sack of fake tanned excrement on british soil is sickening . 
  odd considering the amounts of donations the tories receive from the industry .
