  if the government is entertaining the possibility of leaving without a deal then naturally it 's entertaining the idea of tariffs . 
  i would hasten to add that liberalisation in and of itself is n't necessarily a wholly positive endeavor , or at least not for both parties . 
  especially when one party is a mightier than the other , one example albeit an extreme one is haiti . 
  leaving the single market , ending fom , entertaining the idea of introducing tariffs : suggests a fundamentally illiberal strain of brexit . 
  i understand that leavers like to wax hypothetical about something even better coming along when we leave but until that comes to fruition , reckless faith is n't going to cut it . 
  for now at least , there 's plenty of evidence suggesting that those attributes could be compromised by brexit . 
  that 's speculation and the uk is hardly ` open ' in light of brexit . 
  there are also lots of unsuccessful countries not in the eu . 
  * sshhh * do n't ruin the fantasy . 
  what does becoming conservative ( with age ) have to do with leaving or remaining or rejoining the eu ? 
  for example 30-40 years ago , being pro-eu was a conservative position and leaving was a labour/left-wing policy . 
  the younger generation will also have grown up in a world with declining print media , access to the internet all their lives and widespread tolerance towards other ethnic groups/cultures . 
  also the leave vote centred around the idea of returning to ` the good old days ' , which for young people in 10-20 years would be when britain was in the eu . 
  the royal we . 
  it 's just a phase i suppose !, 
  so many platitudes . 
  not trapped necessarily , i no longer live in the uk and you probably would n't run into those rabid brexiter 's very often irl anyway . 
  also nothing wrong with calling them out , some of them are dignified so i ca n't really judge them on their views alone . 
  the rest seem to think that damaging the uk 's reputation is somehow patriotic . 
  it 's embarrassing so i 'm glad you understand . 
  a lot of the british posters on here are brexiter 's with a victim complex . 
  i know you 're joking but there 's no need to pander to them , they 'll never be satisfied . 
  that made a huge difference in the uk too . 
  what policies did chirac enact to cause this shift out of interest ? 
  damn i found the opposite and i live near a ton of students . 
  i was used to students in my uk uni smoking rollies all the time . 
  less than the stereotype i suppose , though young people do n't smoke very much if at all , which is surprising considering a lot of the ones i meet are students . 
  i live in france as it happens but i 've yet to come across people as overweight as in the uk , people take way better care of themselves , at least people around my age . 
  less smokers than i 'd expected too . 
  it certainly is . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen an obese person here in france . 
  well the french electorate clearly are n't ready for sophisticated * american * memes . 
  the uk has made a lot of progress in regards to inclusive , tolerant , humanist , ` liberal ' values in the past 20 or so years . 
  there 's a certain mindset behind the brexit vote that seeks to reverse all those things . 
   i 'd encourage everyone to get behind her . 
  no thanks , she 's done nothing to earn my vote . 
  i think something like that , the left was definitely fractured . 
  also a few years after hitler took power stalin essentially betrayed the left wing movements in europe by lifting the comintern boycott of nazi germany and shipping iron ore and other materials to the germans . 
  this was before the war naturally . 
  edit : i said ` he ' referring to hitler but it looked like i was referring to stalin . 
  yes much like the carlists , they had traditionalists and conservative catholics . 
  however the luftwaffe bombed guernica , the de-facto capital of the basque country where they traditionally held their fueros . 
  haha yeah . 
  the communists also began to set up their own mini-gulags and torture centres . 
  also refusing to share ammunition and supplies with rival factions unless they became communist party members did n't help . 
  yeah i could have rephrased that better , also the username is slightly regrettable but i was reading about the war nonstop at the time . 
  possibly , also the soviets stole the republican gold reserves and naturally a lot of franco 's strength came from his fascist allies . 
  the kind of allies the republic severely lacked . 
  no i was n't saying that , just referring to the harm that factionalism does , especially within the left . 
  you 're basque though so i 'm sure there 's no need for me to explain the horrors of the civil war . 
  uk : a privately educated kid who has had to move to a state school because his parents are n't as rich as they used to be . 
  does well in class but is considering dropping out to join the army in order to prove something . 
  netherlands : that kid who does really well in class and sometimes sports . 
  has really liberal parents who let him do as he wants , stay out late , wear what he wants and does n't get in trouble for smoking weed . 
  has slicked back blonde hair at all times . 
  france : either that guy who never picks you to be on his team when playing sports , or one of the hottest girls in school who you believe does n't like you until she nonchalantly asks you to come over her house one weekend when her parents are away . 
  always reminds me of the spanish civil war , where the left did as much to destroy the left as the fascists . 
  unless you can predict the future without a margin of error you 're indulging in reckless arrogance . 
  true , though they have done it before with arthur scargill . 
  also needs an accompanying image of merkel photoshopped to resemble kaiser wilhelm . 
  or after the war under atlee . 
  the mail and the star are still right-wing though and definitely not centre or left wing . 
  also the observer is pretty much just the guardian on sunday . 
  i hate , to go , and leave this pretty sight !, 
  rotterdam if you want a challenge , such a hodgepodge of architecture . 
  well it is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the conservatives to completely remodel the uk in their image and besides the party comes before the country , hence the referendum . 
  spot on , especially in regards to cocaine , it 's rife . 
  brits have a pretty blas\u00e9 attitude to drugs i think . 
  when i talked to my french ex about taking mdma , coke , acid ect . 
  she seemed slightly disturbed by it . 
  speaks of substances , boomtown is on this weekend . 
  one big bloody sesh !, 
  it 's not super well known but you can find it in the bigger supermarkets . 
  there was a bottle of it left in the fridge of the communal kitchen at a hostel i was staying at in rotterdam . 
  so i tried it , now it 's one of my go-to condiments . 
  i stand corrected , i spent a fair bit of time there but i was only aware of the fact that they had a university and a large student population . 
  do leiden and delft teach the sciences ? 
  the hague is n't that big but otherwise it meets your criteria and you can easily get to rotterdam and amsterdam from there . 
  yeah i did n't know if it was ubiquitous or just typical of certain cities , it was n't as common in hamburg as it was in berlin . 
  the accordian players have ruined ` hit the road jack ' for me . 
  do you come across them on public transport in germany ? 
  i have quite a few times in hamburg and especially berlin , playing acccordian music and having young children walk through the carriages to collect money . 
  yeah was reading about the war when i created the account , regrettable choice in hindsight . 
  ukip for what they represent . 
  that being , uneducated miserable old gits who worship that pompous cunt nigel farage . 
  in the uk : blackpool or south wales , too depressing . 
  in france : marseille , i do n't hate it but it smells terrible and i nearly got into a fistfight with some french chavs the last time i was there . 
  personally i dig that industrial/urban brutalist vibe and i loved rotterdam . 
  i can understand how people would find it alienating though . 
  sorry i just liked the idea of saying t that way . 
  i dig that film sedmikr\u00e1sky , so czechoslovakia for me . 
  from experience : belgians , irish , russians and spaniards . 
  germans are also very friendly and hospitable , though my experience has been marred by interactions with some proper dickheads . 
  french people get a bad reputation but i think this is because they come across as indifferent and bemused , which can be misconstrued as arrogant/rude . 
  otherwise i enjoy the company of the french , great people , generous and welcoming . 
  though i 've had one or two moments where i 've wanted to stop and ask what their problem is . 
  i 've had pretty good experiences with most nationalities but not enough to make a fair judgement . 
  tough question for a british person to answer as many of the literary insights into british life are divided along class boundaries . 
  i would also add albert camus and louis-ferdinand celine . 
  one litre of chocolate milk , two espressos , a banana and a bag of mixed nuts .
