  really though , it 's better to have betting shops on every street than shady bookmakers/loansharks taking action in the backrooms of pubs . 
  how droll . 
  you do n't mind worshiping a man who has incestuous designs on his own daughter and gets urinated on by underage prostitutes , so the bar for what you mind is pretty low . 
  freedom of expression should be punished with bombings . 
  ok , well you sir are a cunt . 
  yeah mocking powerful people is awful . 
  you used the word ` visiting ' , not to mention the hyperbole of your statement . 
  maybe you should try actually living in a larger city first . 
   do n't concern you in the slightest . 
  actually having a say in whether brexit is a hard disaster or a soft and sane one concerns me as a british citizen , no matter where i live . 
  fortunately people like you have no say in whether someone should be disenfranchised or not . 
  brits who voted remain and/or live abroad are n't allowed to called themselves british ? 
  i do n't know who stem students usually vote for but that anecdote sounded like it was uttered by someone with an axe to grind . 
  alright we get it , stem graduates are the ubermenschen . 
  no need for salt , fortunately i do n't have to live with that idiotic decision . 
  thank goodness remain lost . 
  the amount of salt emanating from brexiter 's would have been dangerous . 
  they were already responsible for a murder and not only that , they committed racist attacks when they won , a brexit loss does n't bear thinking about . 
   okay prove it . 
  no , you 're the one with the nativist anxiety complex and i am in no way obligated to pander to it . 
  why am i supposed to care about your fears over the dreaded white british minority society ? 
  it 's your responsibility to come up with credible proof , especially seeing as you brought this subject up . 
  one that is completely and utterly irrelevant to me . 
  that said , [ here ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/the-impact-of-migration-on-uk-population-growth/ ) are the complete figures courtesy of the migration observatory . 
  i sha n't waste your time with the risible journalism of the independent . 
   they read newspapers and watch the news you said they did n't , that they derived it from some quaint folk instinct . 
  make your mind up . 
   why do n't you just admit that what you thought was nonsense is actually very real ? 
  how is it real , when for the time being it is strictly hypothetical ? 
  not everyone has to buy into the same fear as you do . 
  i say fear , i 'm completely indifferent . 
   that 's speculation that you are stating as fact !, 
  not speculation , that is what the figures say . 
  blanket statements like ` white-british people will be a ethnic minority in our lifetimes ' , are speculations . 
   to be clear , you realise that the ` professor in question ' is from the migration observatory ? 
  what is the point of this question ? 
  yes , why else would i have specifically mentioned migration observatory ? 
   actually no . 
  he uses : i did n't say those were the figures he was using , i actually read the figures used by migration observatory as opposed to those he uses to support his own hypothesis . 
   do you still think this is logical and statistical nonsense ? 
  are you expecting me to consider the information in that report as set in stone ? 
  the report itself even asserts that the outcome is predicated on specific set of conditions . 
  also why am i debating immigration statistics and immigration itself , something completely irrelevant to me , in relation to the british media and it 's effect on the populace . 
  the larger population of this country does n't develop it 's political perception by reading oxford papers . 
  that 's speculation that you are stating as fact , if you look at the statistics the migration observatory have gathered it will tell you that net migration has been declining and will continue to do so to an even greater degree by 2020-21 . 
  the sentiments expressed by both you and the professor in question are predicated on the highest recorded yearly net migration occurring year on year for the next two decades . 
   white british will be a minority in the uk within our lifetime . 
  i could follow you more or less until that point . 
  that is paranoid nonsense , both logically and statistically . 
  secondly , they fear their culture being destroyed ? 
  firstly what are they referring to besides a vague notion . 
  is the union jack being banned ? 
  is christmas being banned ? 
  nonetheless , statistically areas with very low immigration voted leave though the rate is of course important . 
  that said , why do people fear immigration even at incredibly low levels without some degree of outside influence , are people scared at the mere sight of an immigrant or does that fear come from elsewhere . 
  the idea that the media has little to no influence over these people does n't explain why people parrot the exact same rhetoric and myths as the papers . 
  if that were the case how would that account for the high support for parties such as ukip and voting leave in areas with low to non-existent immigration . 
  surely by that metric , metropolitan areas would lean heavily toward anti-immigration parties . 
  the sentiments expressed by the public do n't just appear from nowhere . 
  how would these people make a relatively informed opinion on eu membership , besides a blind gut feeling . 
  they would have to get information from somewhere and i 'm willing to bet it is n't their local library . 
  oleg the bull, 
  interesting . 
  i wonder where a lot people glean their opinions and understanding of politics from in that case . 
  are we talking about the murdoch papers exclusively or the express and mail too ? 
  yeah if someone distrusts beacons of truth and integrity like the sun and the daily mail , clearly there 's something wrong with them . 
  the times is a better centre-right paper in my opinion , the telegraph has descended into the fast-news clickbait realm . 
  so you would n't be bothered if the mainstream media started , for example , denying the holocaust happened because they 'd decided to stop being politically correct . 
  and that 's good . 
  very few ? 
  they 're the best selling papers . 
  enough with the victim complex . 
  pretty spot on if you ask me . 
  impaled nazarene , lots of snow , sami people and the winter war . 
  i think it 's important that as many people ( particularly young people ) participate in elections as possible . 
  that said , i also hope people do n't get their hopes up , otherwise when the inevitable happens they 'll be twice a nihilistic as before . 
  highly likely but why would you want to discourage young people from getting involved in the electoral process ? 
   kek christ not you too . 
  what on earth does that have to do with death threats and evidence thereof ? 
   i 'm not complaining that 's exactly what you 're doing . 
   i dont go on breitbart your hyperbolic commentary would fit right in . 
   `` literally using mein kampf as an instruction manual '' not a death threat . 
   what about this one celebrating the deaths of elderly voters because they are more likely to vote tory ? 
  also not a death threat and there are people criticising that point of view . 
  yeah authoritarianism and regressive ideas generally are n't popular among young people , who are the demographic majority on reddit . 
  you can complain all you want but that would be like me complaining about the bias with the breitbart comment section . 
  left wing bias to wingnuts like you , you mean . 
  what does that even mean . 
  one guy and somehow the entire sub is responsible for him . 
  makes me roll my eyes from time to time but it is n't as bad as people like to make out . 
  brexit has kind of ruined it though . 
   it 's a place where people will literally wish for the death of your family if you say you want to vote conservative present some evidence of this because people like you mostly just have a victim complex . 
   self hating teenagers the last time demographics were looked at on r/uk the sub was predominantly people in their mid to late twenties working in it . 
  r/ukpolitics is n't as balanced as people like to think either , they 're just as bad with downvoting certain opinions . 
  in the impotent , over-50 , suburbanite demographic , maybe . 
  weird how we fought them the most though . 
  i know the feeling , it 's hard to ` get over ' the brexit vote when they promise shit policies like this . 
  in the uk it really depends on the supermarket and sometimes you have to shop around to find the best prices/quality . 
  i though albert heijn was pretty expensive , the quality was decent though . 
  that 's entirely dependent on incredibly successful negotiations , with both the eu and whomever else we 'll be dealing with .
