  currently : lyon , culinary excellency , restaurants and wine . 
  formerly : bristol , trip-hop , street art and a suspension bridge . 
  apathy among the young is of course an issue but even with a high youth turnout they 're still outnumbered by the other demographics . 
  i do n't live in the uk any more but the problems are as follows . 
  * brexit : we 're in for a rough ride and the government is going to use it as a pretext to rob the populace . 
  * disenfranchisement of the young : this is an old persons country , they have all the wealth , the access to housing and the voting power . 
  the young do n't have the same opportunities and the uk is a country that holds the youth in utter contempt . 
  * housing : extremely expensive in regards to both mortgages and rent and it gets worse all the time . 
  i hated being seen as nothing more than a warm body to extract rent from . 
  brutal paramilitary leader/gangster who should have been put on trial in the hague like the rest . 
  i get [ his song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoaz_iomngk ) stuck in my head from time to time . 
   footballtennis ( mixed up ) ja we call it `` wall-ee '' where i 'm from . 
  some sites had an archery range , twas sick !, 
  precisely that . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  if you do n't care about camping out , fine . 
  i really did n't want this to be about the eu . 
  who was better at football ? 
  though i was n't expecting it from a romanian !, 
  wow that 's hardcore camping , i was referring to the south . 
  germans were our football enemies then . 
  i take it , it was too cold to play that far north ? 
  when i have the chance i 'll take a look , thank you !, 
  thanks dude , i rarely get holiday but i do spend time in belgium with work quite often so i 'll take note . 
  the plan is to check out utrecht and , naturally those places you 've recommended !, 
  holidays on the cheap , one had to make the best of it . 
  fortunately it was nice !, 
  i know what you mean about not having the tools to maintain contact like we have now . 
  yes , one of the most minerally rich countries on earth must of blown it all on their own electronics . 
  den haag by the beach ai n't bad . 
  where else would you recommend , all i know of the netherlands is the wet part by the hague/rotterdam area . 
  ok , cheers for the input . 
  i do n't know what camping would be like now but in spain it was beautiful to be out in the country . 
  the fight over the swimming pool was the worst/best . 
  when was that ? 
  if i may ask . 
  congo needs it first , they 've been raped by the west . 
  thanks , looking forward to it as always !, 
  barcelona - beautiful city , great architecture and cultural scene . 
  to be honest i 'd be happy to live in most spanish cities . 
  trondheim - picturesque with a beautiful surrounding area , also i like winter . 
  antwerp - i actually go there every other month as part of my work , i 'd love to stick around for at least a few years though . 
  no worries , i hope you enjoy them as much as i did !, 
  rundskop aka bullhead is a really good belgian film i 've watched recently . 
  french films that i 'd highly recommend , le samourai and un prophete . 
  german films : christiane f ( david bowie makes a cameo ) and goodbye , lenin !, 
  still true to an extent though it depends on your tastes in regards to literature , music and the arts . 
  really depends who you ask and i would say fear of foreigners would be more accurate than hate towards foreigners . 
  the pound would plummet again . 
  leave voters would start attacking foreigners again and possibly try another jo cox-style killing . 
  the tabloids would go berserk . 
  the eu would offer a deal for re-entry that strips us of the privileges we once had plus some kind of guarantee to join the euro/schengen within a certain period . 
  i 'm a british citizen currently living in france , i 've also lived in the netherlands , flanders and hamburg , germany . 
  the problems in france in regards to ` poverty among the lower classes ' seem similar to the uk . 
  large , run down housing estates segregated from economic activity . 
  you have a higher-quality of life overall though , for the middle class living in lyon and auvergne life seems almost utopian compared to the uk . 
  germany did n't seem too bad , though there were quite a lot of homeless alcoholics by all the s-bahn stations . 
  the area i lived in , wilhelmsburg , was considered a bit ghetto but seemed well taken care of and not nearly as deprived as housing estates in the uk . 
  if france is looking to germany and britain for inspiration , i would say the german model seems the most promising , though you should look to make things friendlier for businesses in regards to bureaucracy similar to the uk . 
  hopefully you can cherry pick policies from both countries whilst learning from our mistakes . 
  also i would hope france does n't change beyond recognition , it 's a great country . 
  i used to walk through there all the time when i lived in den haag , it was n't that bad . 
  the worst i had to deal with was moroccan teenagers riding their scooters too fast . 
  great thanks , lost a lot recovering from an injury but i 've gained 8kg in a month and i owe it all to milk . 
  about half a litre, 
  i lift weights 5 days a week and i 'm currently on a ` bulk ' , so i consume 2-3 pints of milk a day , plus three quarters of a pint in my high-calorie protein shake and a litre of chocolate milk each morning . 
  a lot of well respected fashion designers hail from antwerp , raf simons , dirk bikkembergs , ann demeulemeester ect . 
  i do n't know about museums but the royal academy is arguably one of the best fashion schools in the world , so maybe check it out . 
  good luck !, 
  gaining hurts at first , it 's called doms . 
  if you make lifting a habit you 'll start to appreciate the pump and the endorphin 's the more you do it . 
  i wish i 'd started when i was your age . 
  dated a few different nationalities but the only truly serious relationship was with a french girl . 
  i found it quite refreshing the way she made her intentions known openly from the start . 
  she was extremely kind and affectionate for the most part but later became pretty cold and dramatic and was an absolute nightmare when we broke up . 
  when some of my former dutch colleagues suggested that we should go for a drunken night out , ` like in the uk ' ; my reaction was , ` please do n't make me demonstrate why you really do n't want that to happen ' . 
  alan partridge style humor . 
  * printer/designer : mostly fashion and textiles , co-own the company i work in with a french guy i befriended in london 2 years ago . 
  * yeah i enjoy the work , the hours are long and hectic but i work with great people . 
  i do other , more personal projects when i have time because the work we do for clients usually has to be derivative with no room for flamboyance . 
  sometimes i think i have talents that lie elsewhere , things that i 'd be better at but i ca n't think of a way to change things now . 
  * two , nearly 3 years . 
  i did pretty much the same work as a freelancer before that . 
  hey that 's unfair only 90 % of us do that . 
  i 'd have a hard time describing the preferences of the uk as a whole but i 'd imagine if you frequent certain areas of the country there is a preference for massive , fake tanned guys on steroids and women with breast implants , hair extensions and lots of fake tan . 
  asylum party , the teenagers and even though he 's not a band per se , cerrone . 
  i think it 'll take 10 + years to fully measure the impact . 
  i personally do n't think it will be positive for either party , though provided there 's some civility to the negotiations things might be ok . 
  the tories will use brexit as a pretext to push through all manner of unpleasant policies , primarily the privatisation and dismantling of the nhs . 
  i 'm glad i left the uk but i hope for the best outcome . 
  my grandpa was a conscientious objector because of his religion so he was a medic , though he experienced combat despite not actually fighting . 
  he was stationed in north africa , he told me how they killed scorpions in their dugout ; by lighting a circle of lighter fluid around it so it would get confused and sting itself to death . 
  as a british citizen : she 's a sinister authoritarian who speaks in vague , meaningless platitudes but the other prospective candidate was andrea leadsom , one of the biggest shitheads in british politics today . 
  however as a brit living in france : hollande does n't seem too bad to me though obviously a massive disappointment to most french people . 
  france has it 's problems , though as an outsider they 're not immediately obvious to me . 
  i just hope the people here do n't try to address these problems by turning to a demagogue like le pen . 
  do n't forget those hideous leather trousers she paid # 900 for . 
  yeah , drugs , hipsters and crusties aside the city has a great character . 
  though as i said before it 's a struggle getting non-brits to visit sometimes , the french in particular only seem to be interested in london . 
  when i suggested going there to my french ex-girlfriend she seemed to think it would be like coventry or wolverhampton .
