  though when i was there beer , rakija , and mastika seemed much more frequently drank , that might 've just been the family i was with though . 
  probably as many as there are in birmingham , uk . 
  bulgaria , for many reasons : the food is wonderful . 
  the way of life is relaxed . 
  they actually have distinct seasons ( unlike the varying temperatures of rain you get here ) . 
  the geography is varied enough that you can have a significant change of scenery should the mood hit you . 
  it 's incredibly cheap . 
  the women are gorgeous . 
  the people are very welcoming . 
  [ canta u populu corsu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qstbvpa2rbu ) are a beautiful corsican folk band . 
  israel is pretty gay friendly . 
   force them to treat european citizens equally european citizens are not equal though , some nationalities are much more likely to overstay their visa . 
  it makes perfect sense for the us to treat various european citizens differently . 
  i do n't think that repeated defences is anything to criticise people over , it is not uncommon for lawyers to specialise in narrow areas of the law . 
  i do n't know about the platform sharing with extremists and need to look into it further . 
  the `` uncle tom '' comment is very troubling though . 
  every defendant has a right to legal counsel no matter how repugnant their crime . 
  the idea that khan deserves vilification for being a human rights lawyer is laughable and i would feel the exact same way if goldsmith were defending white supremacists in courts . 
  possibly , but the muslim bulgarians ( pomaks ) are generally thought of as a separate group from the bulgarian turks . 
  i 'm aware of what you meant . 
  but according to most of the bulgarians i know there really are n't too many issues with the bulgarian turks , the real demographic issue is with the romani . 
  to be honest the turkish community in bulgaria is a lot older and much more integrated than the turkish community in any western european nation . 
  bulgaria also has the highest percentage of muslims of any eu nation yet has none of the problems with integration you see in the western eu . 
  just under 9 % of the population . 
  \\  what is sampling ? 
   all you get is [ ... ] no info . 
  not entirely true . 
  actionable intelligence was obtained from ksm only after he was waterboarded 183 times . 
  as a tesco worker i can say we get a large number of our fresh vegetable products from africa . 
  compared to aberdeen it 's like a fucking rainbow !, 
  if you google the headline : `` nato recon missed everything : admiral reveals details of crimea operation '' you can get your proof straight from a russian government-owned news organisation . 
  i ca n't link to the article here because sputnik news is n't allowed on / r/europe . 
  you are laughably uninformed . 
  it is perfectly possible for islamic terrorists in the west to be deradicalised . 
  the [ quilliam foundation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quilliam_ ( think_tank \\ ) ) has a fantastic track record in this regard . 
  it 's even run by a former hizb ut-tahrir member who is now one of the most prominent anti-islamist spokespeople in the west ; to the point where the splc declared him an `` anti-muslim extremist '' despite him remaining a muslim . 
  exactly . 
  i plan on leaving once i finish my degree in a year and a half . 
  to be honest i 'd always been leaning towards leaving but the brexit vote made it definite . 
  i 'd create an extra `` balkan '' category for albania , bulgaria , former yugoslavia , greece , and ( maybe ) romania . 
  but otherwise yes this is accurate . 
   the french refuse to accept that not everyone speaks or at least understands their language . 
  i would n't say this is true . 
  from my experience it 's more that the french generally do n't have a good education in foreign languages . 
  this manifests itself as a reluctance to speak english ( or other languages ) out of embarrassment rather than arrogance . 
  that sounds more common of us brits to be honest . 
  the have the highest wine consumption per capita in the world . 
  you 're having a fucking laugh if you think all those tips are getting declared at the end of the tax year . 
  as far as i know strava much more popular with racing/road cyclists , i 'd imagine that cycling paths are less popular with that crowd . 
  the people i know who use it most are people who do a lot of club cycling on scottish country roads and french mountain roads . 
  the khmer regime targeted people based on race , ethnicity , and nationality . 
  chinese , vitenamese , cham , and others were all targeted . 
   what 's the point of saying it 's near a mosque ? 
  because that 's where it happened ? 
  it 's no different than headlines saying `` man stabbed outside pub . '', 
   the best deterrent would be to make them serve the prison sentence in the countries they are from . 
  that can result in unfortunate situations where the home country pardons the individual upon repatriation . 
  imagine implying that british partition plans actually prevent wars . 
  between turks , roma , and bulgarian muslims ( pomatsi ) there is a significant muslim minority in bulgaria . 
  although 12 % is usually the number i 've heard . 
  i think bulgaria has some beautiful scenery , friendly people , fantastic weather and brilliant food ( how i miss my morning banichka ) . 
  it is possible that i look upon it favourably because i travelled there with my bulgarian ex so it was a very happy time in my life . 
  yes , it is possible . 
  however , i think we could 've avoided all of this by having a centrist labour leader for this election in the first place . 
  i do n't hate corbyn , after seeing him campaign i quite like the man , i just hate his policies . 
  neither did he , youth turnout was closer to 50 % , the 72 % claim was made before the numbers were even out . 
  that 's really irrelevant as to the relevant * weakness * of the leader , which is what the original comment was talking about ( above the one i replied to ) . 
  even if we were talking about their premierships , in general , i would say w comes out stronger than may . 
  though it is difficult to compare due to the incredibly differing lengths of time in power . 
  favourability does n't necessarily translate into votes . 
  for example , i have a favourable view of corbyn but i will never vote for him . 
  sounds great !, 
  i 've never been outside of the summer but i 've heard the winter can be wonderful when it snows . 
  i think sofia is around as expensive as the burgas coast , which is still about 1/3 of the price of things in the uk !, 
  i 'm not surprised , the orthodox churches i 've seen around bulgaria tend to be very impressive architecturally . 
  popular among his loud but small base . 
  how can you claim corbyn is genuinely popular when his favourability is literally sitting at 0 in the op ? 
  i genuinely think we would have a labour majority government right now if they had a better leader . 
  you have to be joking if you think w bush is worse than may . 
  what did you think of sofia ? 
  bulgaria is my favourite country to visit but i 've never seen sofia . 
  i 've been thinking about taking a trip there , is it worth it ? 
  i can see where he 's coming from , i fell in love with london very quickly on my first visit there . 
  that is still one of my favourite holidays , it 's a very special city . 
  though i 've never visited any other cities of anything near to that size , glasgow and copenhagen are the biggest cities i 've visited excluding london . 
  thank you , thats awesome stuff !, 
  i 'll need to keep an eye on that blog . 
  shit that might be the first nasheed with percussion i 've enjoyed . 
  the ones from lebanon , syria , and iraq are generally awful . 
  the dup have an irrational hatred of anything irish . 
  the article directly contradicts that statement . 
  it 's their choice , they started smoking . 
  i am an ex-smoker that started at 15 , i was fully aware of what i was doing . 
  except as a result of the taxes on cigarettes people who smoke pay more into the healthcare system than they take out , at least in the uk . 
  russia is the legal successor to the ussr . 
  the nsa reported this vulnerability to microsoft before wikileaks released anything . 
  except you can . 
  the nsa reported the smb vulnerabilities to microsoft back in january . 
  microsoft released the patch for these bugs in march . 
  i 'd say that both countries are very much culturally european .
