star wars prequels, 
  i 'm no expert , but i heard that john wick was n't bad when it comes to realistic gunplay . 
  pretty cool . 
  are there any more yt channels like this , hopefully with longer videos ? 
  hey , i was looking to buy an ssd for my first build and i was actually considering the v300 . 
  can you tell me why should i avoid it ? 
  i guess i 'll just get an 850 evo then . 
  kinda reminds me of `` the sunset limited '' . 
  this is one of my biggest fears . 
  imagine if they used the same shitty gamebryo engine . 
  skyrim 's engine , although prettier , is n't much better . 
  thanks, 
  am i the only one who realized that those supposedly czech policemen are actualy speaking serbian ( croatian ) ? 
  what happened to / r/blackpeopletwitter ? 
  yeah . 
  they both just are n't a planet anymore . 
  so , you 're saying that they are right to ignore the improvements made in the second installment and regress to the first game ? 
  it 's as if witcher 3 returned to non-sandbox world with that dodgy rhythm combat , dated engine and abysmal voice acting . 
  even though this is not a direct sequel , this is still a new battlefront game and as such i was hoping that they 'd at least match the level of content that the previous game offered . 
  perhaps i 'm asking too much , especially in this day and age where this kind of practices are sadly all too common . 
  it seems that you have anisotropic filtering turned off , or at a low value . 
  you should set it to max since it supposedly does n't affect fps at all , and should fix the distant blurry textures . 
  yes, 
  you ran it on integrated graphics ? 
  my laptop has hd 6630m and the framerates are unplayable . 
  granted , it 's not anything special , but it 's surely better than intel 's graphics ? 
  or not ? 
  right , i forgot to set it to windowed . 
  i 'll be right on it as soon as i finish the first one !, 
  use [ kat ] ( http://kickass.to/ ) , no streaming , torrent site . 
  remember to search for agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. 
  ( with the dots in between the letters ) not agents of shield ( without the dots ) . 
  hope this helps . 
  glad i could help . 
  it is n't one , but it damn well should be . 
  idk why you are being downvoted , you provided proof and all . 
  i mean ,760 is similar to the 960 and the 960 is bundled with the game , so i guess you should be fine . 
  play on something other than arcade . 
  i usually one shot things in my tiger in realistic or sim . 
  what about power armor , \u00e0 la fallout ? 
  looking good . 
  i hope it 's better than 12 monkeys , though . 
  i liked it at first , but i gradually lost interest . 
  the story just did n't interest me that much i guess . 
  is n't the 960 between the 280 and 285 in terms of performance ? 
  and slightly cheaper than the 270x to boot ? 
  960 refers to the gtx 960 graphics cart from nvidia . 
  other two are r9 280 and r9 285 from amd . 
  numbers are just what amd and nvidia chose to name their product , it has no connection to their specifications . 
  link ? 
  pretty please ? 
  omg thanks, 
  not bad . 
  you should check out x-art . 
  they do stuff like this and have great production value . 
  good babes too . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like they are going to run out of digital downloads . 
  makes sense . 
  let 's just hope that the launch of f4 is relatively bug free ( knowing bethesda though , that 's a long shot ) . 
  me too . 
  but i looved asimov 's foundation , which is supposedly even dryer . 
  oh my god yes . 
  thats my number one anticipated tv show . 
  were there any news whatsoever since the announcement ? 
  probably because he ** crashed a star destroyer using the force ** . 
  a common misconception , we can actually see 2 fps , one for each eye . 
  it takes even less effort to be polite . 
  he did n't call brote a gger , he just used some gg fanart which had half of brote logo on gg side . 
  imho brote just threw a hissy fit . 
  what are your settings ? 
  i reinstalled with antivirus off , the problem still persisits . 
  i tried reinstalling microsoft visual c++ but now i have 2 dll files missing : http://i.imgur.com/slri5qa.png and http://i.imgur.com/zsrd5yp.png, 
  yeah , i tried that , but i just end up getting the error in my op, 
  please let me know when it 's ready !, 
  super excited for this . 
  upvoting and hoping for the best . 
  well , here goes nothing, 
  eli , if you please . 
  that 's strange , considering i got ultra on a 960 and an i3, 
  i had to turn it down to high , also turn god rays to low since it looks the same and you 'll have 50-60 fps . 
  i could tinker with it some more , but it 's pretty playable as is . 
  i have an i3-4160 , you 'll be covered on that side , but the 750 could limit you on gfx quality . 
  i think you 'll be able to run it , as long as you have 8gb ram, 
  i get 50-60 while in open , rural areas , sometimes it drops to the low 40 's when in urban areas . 
  constant 60 indoors . 
  ultra on 280 ? 
  what fps ? 
  same , slightly better performance , but with an i3 and 960 . 
  the game is incredibly nvidia biased . 
  either way , she 's smoking hot . 
  here 's hoping that the success of the animated shows will spur them on to create some adult-oriented , live action tv shows . 
  partnership with netfilix would be a dream come true . 
  i hope not . 
  i just want for someone to finally pick [ this ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/star_wars:_underworld ) up . 
  i was so hyped and then nothing came out of it . 
  how do you feel about ww2 videogames ? 
  right , i get what you mean now . 
  / u/trollabot dartheli, 
  it 's gon na be great .
