  it 's awful . 
  it gets like 1/10 words correct . 
  `` i see that you have made three spelling mistakes . '', 
  thomas de mahay , marquis de favras , french aristocrat , his last words upon reading his death sentence before being guillotined, 
  well at one time for me it just said `` bubbles bubbles bubbles '' at the bottom for about 2 minutes . 
  i think it 's the setting . 
  i love empire , contrary to many people , and this is because i just find the setting so interesting . 
  people lined up to shoot each other ? 
  it 's so cool . 
  but yeah i also love the classical era , so rome is one of my favourites too . 
  i am pretty sure the armies have a little history panel , i have seen it in a few videos . 
  it said `` founded in xx by * general * '', 
  because i do n't like them and they do n't contribute to the subreddit at all . 
  so do i , but am i not allowed to vote based on my opinion ? 
  * well apparently not *, 
  depends . 
  on darthmod it is very easy to defend walled cities with just garrisoned troops , but if i know a settlement will be attacked soon i recruit a few line infantry . 
  also locations where there is a chokepoint , like venice or istanbul , i like to keep a few more troops than usual in , just in case . 
  how can you prove that that is legendary ? 
  i do n't mean to offend . 
  they said that generals slowly become powerful and greedy , and can march on rome itself , much like caesar , sulla etc. 
  did . 
  no , they did n't . 
  in the crimean , franco-prussian and especially the boer wars , the way infantry fought was not in columns and lines etc. 
  this would have been stupid and a massive waste of lives . 
  in the boer war , the british were at first meeting their match with guerilla and unconventional warfare thrown at them by the south-africans . 
  that was also japan , where they were using swords . 
  plus the game is n't exactly realistic ... 
  and that mod does nothing to replicate the first world war , aside from the uniforms . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  people also forget the campaign side of it too - in wwi there was n't huge armies moving together and clashing in a field battle - it would n't make sense . 
  also it 'd be so fucking boring and repetitive , you would n't play it . 
  i 'm going to quote the person at the bottom who was downvoted for saying this , but people forget that, 
  `` this is just like how ww1 would n't work , large scale unit actions ( 40-100 men moving together ) just were n't common in this age , remember the late 1800s was more like ww1 then it was like the early 1800s '', 
  in the big wars of the time , there were no big armies clashing in the field , or lines of infantry fighting . 
  in the boer war , you did n't see loads of dutch africans lining up to shoot at the british . 
  they used guerilla tactics and new kinds of warfare , which could not be replicated in a total war . 
  i agree with his idea that the best total war could do without completely changing everything about total war and making it into a company of heroes-meets-victoria 2 is from around 1650 to 1830 - that would be awesome . 
  i 'm in, 
  poland - but if you 're new , do n't . 
  the uk . 
  easy access to all theatres , you can basically stomp out any european power in america ( although you might have trouble with spain ) . 
  my point was that japan at the time did not use the modern military tactics of european powers etc. 
  to be honest , i 'd recommend you just go for the country that you are interested in , none of them are * that * difficult , but i 'd also say go for a european country first , to get the hang of tactics . 
  tactics = / = technology, 
  i was n't making a jab at fall of the samurai , you 've latched onto a different point . 
  the original comment of mine was to point out that a victorian era total war would not be the same as fots except bigger , because japan did n't use the same tactics as , say , prussia or france . 
  see my replies to other comments in the thread, 
  the delivery cost would be like # 10 , not worth it . 
  buy it off steam ? 
  picture # 3 - me up in first place :d, 
  use the search function , please ... 
  i 'm wondering what infamy does . 
  jesus i am so excited . 
  great , thanks for clearing that up , that really helped . 
  that sling shot hitting the soldier animation made my day , i hope it 's in the real game . 
  tip # 1 of reddit : never call out downvotes, 
  people saying `` i did n't vote for dayz '' like they were the only fucking person who voted . 
  well turns out 15 % of people did vote dayz , so shut the fuck up . 
  but seriously i voted rome ii . 
  its also in napoleon and empire . 
  squalor . 
   no demo . 
  it would have been nice to actually sample the game before buying , it kinf of shows a lack of confidence on ca 's / sega 's part . 
  but they 've let places like pcgamer and the like have hands on with it for like a year ? 
  i think they are * very * confident . 
  also, 
   keeping features that were loathed by the community, 
  the community is the 3000 or so slightly autistic twc members . 
  cancel your pre-order then . 
  i do n't really care . 
  or agriculture , fire etc. 
  all i know is they have the best colour scheme . 
  only one i can think of that even comes close is austria . 
  dae think circlejerk = literally obama ? 
  upsnowdens to the left, 
  i never assault castles/forts in any game , i always siege them . 
  i 'm too scared of taking needless losses fighting for a castle . 
  i just heard this news , originally 6pm meant i could n't play , but now ... 
  but now, 
  huh . 
  i have the same problem as you , same error message . 
  oh fuck right off, 
  what kind of person complains about not getting some internet points ? 
  ( well to be fair , you did , the average post here gets about 100 upvotes anyway ) . 
  you seriously need to learn to not get wrapped up in your obsession with getting an upvote . 
  seriously . 
  and now you just created one of the most vain , egotistical and rather sad posts i have ever seen , on my favourite subreddit . 
  you 're the one being bitchy over not getting as much attention as someone else , mate . 
  like a 3 year old . 
  i do n't really care about you , continue being a day to day twat , whatever . 
  do n't bother replying , thanks . 
  charging monks into bow fire is always going to end badly for the monks . 
  yeah , but it 's 2013 , and we have also invented moniters with a bigger resolution than 324x1200 . 
  would be nice , as when i inevitably lose in the first round i 'd like to watch some good matches . 
  then i missed by 5 hours . 
  2 days before rome ii ? 
  why not continue a napoleon play-through . 
  no one probably cares to be honest , but if you did , here 's [ part 7 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/1c24qm/swedish_ntw_campaign_part_7/ ) . 
  be prepared to be surprised , i am awful .
