  if it does n't , reply or pm me and i 'll upload them to another thing, 
  all the files were in my savegame folder , under like 247 or something, 
  i know this is 8 hours late , but my saves were in, 
  c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ ubisoft \\ ubisoft game launcher \\ savegames \\ 597ebe15-e43d-4e1e-a8ae-4cc2f07894ce \\ 273, 
  hardly an anti-republican title , i mean , yeah , it is a `` sickening murder . '', 
  jack lusted either does n't understand the game and therefore is rubbish at it or was pretending . 
  either way , it 's bad . 
  but it feels like they were forced to include it, 
  i do n't think people in the third world are worried about losing their chapstick . 
  they ruin an otherwise great variety of missions . 
  boring , slow , pointless and tedious . 
  acii is still my all time favorite , and i just see brotherhood as a continuation of it . 
  but black flag is still only just below it , and it easily beats it in some aspects . 
  you are kidding, 
  i just do n't care about my stats . 
  i play for fun . 
  my w/l is 47 % , but who cares ? 
  edit : thanks for the gold, 
  yeah , but you do n't fight the battles . 
  i am not arguing against ck , it 's just they are two incomparable games, 
  summed up my exact feelings, 
  i was thinking of upgrading to 8gb , but that means getting the full 8gb for # 65 instead of just buying an extra 4gb . 
  `` i 'm not a messy person though , call me weird but i like to sit upside down and ejaculate into my own mouth , i can say i 've done weirder , i can get my mouth 2 inches down my penis which i sometimes do and i 'd do it all the time if i did n't ache so much the next day , saves explaining why i need to bath at 4am in the morning as although im 18 , i still live with my parents . '', 
  how the fuck does any of that have anything to do with the `` tifu '' . 
  most of this is stupid and the story could have just been the tl dr if you had n't padded it out with bullshit about `` pansexuality '' and god knows what else, 
  there 's a sale around christmas , so do n't worry, 
  what 's wrong with having a visible bruise ? 
  well i had no knowledge of the series before 2010 . 
  then i got a good computer , and was looking around for games . 
  but it was after christmas , so i went into whsmith 's ( bookshop ) to look for a book . 
  then i wandered over to the little rack with pc games on . 
  i saw this game , with a shouting redcoat on the front . 
  it caught my eye and it was only # 3 !, 
  i thought `` this ca n't be that good '' and opened an ign app on my phone , and searched it up . 
  9/10 , and it was described as a game that was exactly what i dreamed of . 
  i went home and installed it , and 400 hours later i still love empire : total war . 
  i also went and checked out the others , and was amazed by them . 
  bought every one off steam . 
  '' ` right mate '' is the *** only *** acceptable greeting in the north , to anyone . 
  that mullet, 
  by the north , i mean anywhere i 've been in the north , which happens to just be salford and chorley . 
  so my above statement may be a lie . 
  i 'm pretty sure an acwr or mtar can beat pdws at close range , and the swedish carbine ( ak5 ? ), 
  and m4 are excellent at close and medium range . 
  but with bf3 we 'd have a game that works and at least shows signs of balance, 
  did you read the op ? 
  i 'll give it a go . 
  thanks . 
  dude this was on sickipedia before here , you should be ashamed, 
  at least the patches improved the game . 
  ahh , but vomit tastes nicer, 
  was it this ? 
  no problem , i knew it was actually in icelandic and just searched `` icelandic hymn in subway '', 
  ^ shit, 
  this is getting downvoted , even though all his arguments are valid and supported , and it is fair and well made . 
  well done guys . 
  he 's pointed out things that i 've never thought about . 
  but okay . 
  oh my god thank you so much, 
  right over left, 
  the irony in your statement is amazing, 
  you complain about the wwi only starting for america in 1917 , yet you then complain that wwii started in 1939 , not 1941 . 
  hint : the us only entered wwii at the end of 1941 . 
  listen to the full thing , not just the ending , it 's a brilliant piece of music . 
  haha , awful ? 
  that 's ridiculous , some of the soundtrack for empire and napoleon is absolutely amazing , and even if you do n't like it , they 're definitely not awful composers . 
  none of us could compose pieces like that in our lifetimes . 
  it 's easy as long as you are in the modern era :, 
  build a navy that can adequately defend as many aircraft carriers as possible, 
  build as many bombers as you can afford, 
  put said bombers onto aircraft carriers, 
  bomb bitches, 
  i 've had a few privateers gifted to me . 
  yes , i think it 's just called the american civil war mod . 
  very good if you have the warpath dlc . 
  it 's not just the artists and writers that work on caesar in gaul, 
  i agree with you , but that quote makes no sense, 
  but he also murdered the guy that murdered hitler . 
  i know right, 
  or it could have been a typo . 
  well if you want a job , you have to compete with them . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  sometimes i write my name on a keyboard as `` matthwe '' because i am typing fast . 
  the horrible histories tv show made the books look crap ... and the books are as good as lego to a young boy . 
  yeah , i 'd agree , but it 's not just the predictability or lack thereof that makes it bad . 
  new player ? 
  shogun 2 for sure . 
  hands down the most polished and slick title . 
   hands down the most polished and slick title . 
  i never said any of the stuff you are arguing against . 
  i prefer the setting of empire . 
  or playing patchacuti on highlands or any hill type map . 
  as soon as you get the colourful polders on every tile , i 'll need a screenshot for certain filthy purposes . 
  are you using some sort of diplomacy ai mod ? 
  my bnw games are all very peaceful and no ai declare war on anyone but me . 
  tried googling it ? 
  top result : https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5087, 
  god , imagine how awful the world would be if it was * multicultural *, 
  what the fuck , a police officer giving someone a ticket for speeding ? 
  what is this , a first world country ?
