  either way , it 's the least of ca 's worries . 
  my composition for rome from about 200bc to 1ad was -, 
  general, 
  15 legionaries, 
  4 of whatever , it wo n't matter as your legions will mop virtually anything up apart from a frontal charge into the best macedonian pikes . 
  love how you run a subreddit called / r/totalmemes and yet you complain about images on this subreddit . 
  but you did n't . 
  it 's a good screenshot . 
  what difference would it make if he 'd posted it in a self post ? 
  people still decide to up or downvote it . 
  the only difference is that it 's easier to access and looks nice on the front page . 
  memes are n't posted here !, 
  i hate them . 
  images though , should be . 
  i really do n't understand why some people want this sub to be just text posts !, 
  i do n't think you realize it 's always been like this , do you . 
  before rome ii came out the majority of posts were funny images . 
   love how you keep replying to me everywhere , just ranting about . 
  i replied to a comment on ** one of my posts ** if that 's what you mean . 
   good thing i have res . 
  \\* ignore *, 
  doing the \\* thing * with asterixes just makes you look like a knob, 
   oh and btw : if you love this sub so much , why go and complain about it on / r/twcirclejerk [ 1 ] ? 
  because i was parodying the recent self-posts only policy , where the only posts were complaints about rome ii . 
  you twat . 
  glad to see you gone . 
  i upvoted it because i liked it , it looks nice . 
  downvote whatever the fuck you want , i do n't mind . 
  just saying , self-posts only was a crap policy . 
  do n't take this personally , i do n't mean to offend . 
  sorry , but how is it racist ? 
  please explain , i never mean to be offensive . 
  about 3000 actually , and before the `` wave '' the majority of posts were images anyway . 
  it 's not racist though , it 's not discriminating a race . 
  so when a white man stares at another white man , that 's fine , but when a black man does it it 's `` imposing violent black gangsta mythos '' ? 
  i do n't think you understand - i am saying if my picture had been the same except everyone was white , it would n't get any complaints about racism , but yet mine does because of the black people in it . 
  the person who assumes racism because they are black is the racist . 
  you 're reading far too deep into it, 
  these are egyptian nubian spearmen , and i think parthia has the archers you want . 
  i do n't think you know what probability means, 
  insulting other people 's content is n't nice, 
  this might sound stupid but where can i get this jet ? 
  i agree , but they keep ranting about `` karma farming '' and other bullshit on every link , so we need something to ~ ~ shut them up ~ ~ appease them . 
  why would clicking on it make any difference ? 
  if you really want to save time , do n't go on reddit . 
  otherwise , i have no idea why it 's so offensive to you . 
  did you visit this subreddit before the self posts ? 
  it was the same . 
  i 've been commenting and submitting here for a year and the only difference i 've noticed since the self posts were removed was the pictures were of rome ii instead of shogun . 
  we have n't seen anything terrible yet . 
  all the posts that have been upvoted are at least to the same quality of the pictures before rome ii 's release , so maybe you and i should just let it be . 
  people will always decide what they like , so you can voice your opinion and they theirs . 
  so you 're saying we should have loads of boring self posts to make the images seem better ? 
  what ? 
  misunderstood you there . 
  i agree , but i think there is room in this subreddit for both the posts , as long as there are people to upvote it . 
  it 's not as if the people running the facebook are the same guys making the game, 
  and you 'll notice , if you scroll down , there are lots of discussions . 
  not upvoted however . 
  take what you want from that . 
  there was no multiplayer campaign `` pre-beta '', 
  can i complement your ms paint skills, 
  they 've already unlocked every faction using mods , the dlc will `` flesh out '' those factions . 
  so you do n't have to buy them if you do n't want . 
  well , not really , a month before release there were 17000 warlords , and now there are 21000 . 
  do the maths . 
  rush on metro is n't as bad as conquest, 
  why did you ( ca ) think every troop carrying molotov cocktails to burn castle gates was a good idea ? 
  in shogun it worked , but it seems strange to completely devalue siege equipment for this . 
  edit : removing this would surely make the ai actually able to win siege assaults too . 
  they 'd have to bring siege equipment which is 10x harder to defend against . 
  at my college it 's 75p for a mars bar . 
  any source on actually being a tactic ? 
  i did n't downvote you , i am genuinely interested . 
  that woman with the puppets, 
  thanks for detailed reply . 
  i still do n't think it works as a gameplay mechanic however . 
   that would be as smart as a black person visiting r/whiterights, 
  anyone with a few brain cells should n't go there, 
  spear walled yari ashigaru are invincible from the front - most of my battles on shogun 2 employed them as the front line where they could effectively hold off an enemy army without help , unless there was cav or bows . 
   first off , my graphics are weirdly bad . 
  the game wo n't let me use ` very high ' settings ( greyed out ) so everything is set to ` high ' : but even so , textures are extremely blurry and as far as i can tell many things might as well be on low . 
  certainly a long way from the awesome screenshots i 've seen : even medieval ii 's unit textures looked better , even if the gameplay and graphical potential is much , much higher . 
  how do i get decent unit textures ? 
  you 're using dx9 , you need to be using 11 . 
  is n't it sega ? 
  literally, 
  maybe put a flag on top of the tunnels , so you can go either overland or into the tunnels ? 
  now you ca n't make sweeping judgments like that - just because the kid did n't look does n't mean the parents are n't good . 
  maybe it 's because it was a joke, 
  i stopped playing about a week after release and waited , then jumped back in for this . 
  it 's what it should have been . 
  because steam originally had it up for # 45 , but amazon and co had it for # 30 , so instead of admitting a mistake they put it down 33 %, 
  where top-of-the-range systems get 2fps and freeze when you zoom in ? 
  i do n't really want to defend him , but the implication of him saying he 's white etc is that this is what the bbc wants , not that he thinks that what 's good . 
  too late, 
  i agree with you that they are a bit pointless , but i 've chosen to do things and the effects have been very positive , like extra growth etc. 
  i get the same problems as you , but i have above the recommended specs . 
  guess it 's just a bug , there 's meant to be a fix incoming . 
  but to be fair i would n't get your hopes too high , your gpu is n't exactly top of the line and neither 's your processor .
