  `` mom '', 
  definitely not british mate, 
  or any racing games , or 3rd person games like assassin 's creed or just cause . 
  really ? 
  i think its a lot better . 
  obvs just a matter of opinion though . 
  but you ca n't deny ac with kb + m is just horrific, 
  is there a realistic chance of atletico coming first ? 
  surely 3rd or 2nd is the realistic spot , in which case you want valencia to lose at least one of those games . 
  ... ollocks, 
  ikr , because teams never win the league by beating a below-average team on the last day of the competition through an extra-time winner . 
  i 'll participate on pc, 
  and then there 's us with rob green as our 3rd keeper, 
  to be fair , burnley is a shithole, 
  aka separatist lancashire, 
   muller, 
   `` decent '', 
  are you on crack m8, 
  there is no `` z '' sound at all . 
  you might be joking but for me he actually is , he 's my most consistent striker non-if and i ca n't wait to get my hands on the only good affordable bundesliga st, 
  because sometimes we have a duty to help . 
  iraq was not one of those times , but what country can be proud of standing watching injustice/genocide in other nations ? 
  looking for a cheap ( and i mean cheap , like < 50k ) squad that incorporates moutinho and either marchisio or quaresma . 
  does n't have to be all three , just as long as moutinho is there with one of the others . 
  formation - anything really , but i love 4-3-3 attacking ( with the cam ) and am not fond of 3 at the back . 
  thanks guys, 
  exactly what i wanted , thanks . 
  * el scorcho * sums up life though does n't it, 
  \\  implying americans can pronounce any word with two ` r 's in the middle without getting confused and just saying one long vowel sound, 
  what formation are you playing ? 
  as someone who * is * that person with an 80 overall squad ( http://i.imgur.com/ubt0uqo.png ) and uses it in rotation in division 1/2 , i 've got ta say that my experience of ut is that generally the better someone 's squad is ( rating wise ) the worse they are . 
  this is probably two things : they 're cocky , and do n't play as well as they should because they see my squad , laugh , but then nastasic completely wrecks their entire attack and okazaki scores 4 . 
  the other reason is that they have n't built their squad out of players they * like * to play with - yeah , i know toty kroos is really , really good , but like , have you * tried * kramer ? 
  my squad is built out of players that i liked playing with - anyone i did n't was sold long ago . 
  best advice for world class is do n't ever give up possession , even if it means passing back, 
  this is n't a vine, 
  fuck all , by the sound of it, 
  r u me, 
  pass me another weeds, 
  in the show i swear jaime said that the population of king 's landing was about 200k . 
  in fairness the last 3 blueprint for armageddons have been 4 hours, 
  hopefully it 's resolved by then mate :(, 
  but that 's what people call them , including other footballers . 
  `` like other greek inventions , such as thick yoghurt , sodomy , and triangles , democracy has taken the world by storm '', 
  so is every team in the world apart from real madrid, 
  perhaps in scotland , but not in england , where there is no true socialist party , and the population is clearly more conservative . 
  fair point . 
  though i do feel obliged to say that labour is n't socialist anymore , especially in comparison to the snp . 
  you can see this through the many english people who said they would vote snp if they had an equivalent in england , just without the scottish nationalism obviously . 
  anyone care to explain why ? 
  i 've only been playing since 15, 
  like people who want to sell when the pack messi or ronaldo - mate you 've beaten ut , you have the ultimate player . 
  it 's a fantastic song though , just probably one of the most overplayed songs of all time and is trapped with the ( quite true ) reputation of the [ `` oh look guys i can play guitar , here 's wonderwall '' ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yxitupq7tgo/vaetkxujvwi/aaaaaaaa5ig/hsjuty_loke/s0/adventures-george-washington-003-funny-bits.jpg ) guitarist . 
  dude that 's fucked up, 
  everyone forgets about ni . 
  ^ probably ^ a ^ good ^ thing, 
  garry monk - manager of the season ? 
  i mean come on , swansea are a lower mid table team on paper , but even without bony they could get a european spot this year . 
  where would he fit into that team ? 
  he 's not as good as benteke , and benteke has had a better season , arguably than even benteke . 
  the good music already comes from the north , just now it 'll be more politically aware, 
  kroos is a machine . 
  the uk 's second most popular drug is coke, 
  makes you proud to be british, 
  yeah he 's just wrong, 
  so barca have won the treble ? 
  agree about marcelo , he was brilliant . 
  best lb in the world ? 
  you can notice sometimes when they cut sharply on hignfy , but overall , especially the extended episodes ( hig ** m ** nfy ) it 's really good . 
  relevant karl pilkington, 
  that 's just you soft southerners, 
  from england , and everyone calls them/knows them as pain au chocolat . 
  so it 's just americans . 
  get your english right . 
  is n't the daily mail 's website one of the most popular news sites ? 
  it 's fucking sick , great tv show, 
  ^ black ^ books ^ is ^ good ^ too, 
  me too thanks, 
  blue skirt to me indicates jorah, 
  or do what normal countries do and say `` oh yeah i 'm ( nationality ) '' . 
  but to be fair , not once in my life have i been asked about my nationality . 
  when do americans seem to need to identify themselves ? 
  it can be excused for the excitement of a new pc, 
  that is one link that i swear to god will never be purple, 
  him and vietto up front will be tasty, 
  if alaba ? 
  it 's not like you ca n't just play v1 .8 - is n't there an option allowing you to play any version you want in like the menu ? 
  damn i need to redownload minecraft . 
  got ta say , with the technic pack it was as close to a 10/10 game i 've ever played . 
  the day sergi roberto plays at stoke is the day i get a tattoo of mark hughes ' face on my back, 
  i do n't know what to believe anymore, 
  the things i would do for that marchisio card, 
  already researching tattoo places mate, 
  he makes amazing reflex saves , but then palms out a pea-roller to the striker . 
  he 's still my starting gk though . 
  does anyone dispute it apart from salty argentines ? 
  really ? 
  cheeky little shits, 
  james better than modric ? 
  modric is the best midfielder in la liga , and , without him , real fall apart .
