  last year ? 
  nah mate once it was so windy my bin fell over i swear, 
  i was n't going to fork out on the # 350 price tag but then i saw it had free shipping, 
  as much as they 're annoying , i still want to watch replays of some things such as fantastic goals or tackles to see if they were actually fouls . 
  making them 1-player skippable would be frustrating . 
  do a \\ at the beginning, 
  \\ #formatting, 
  do americans spell it differently ? 
  ah shit you spelt it wrong . 
  thanks . 
  i bet people in the uk just said they could speak french , when they can probably at most order a meal at a restaurant . 
  i know like one person who can fluently speak french . 
  +1 for in da club , 10/10 handclaps, 
  god damn i could listen to that outro forever, 
  how do they moderate that ? 
  til, 
  is n't it just proportionate to the demographic that reddit serves ? 
  left wing bias is obviously going to be seen in a website that caters mainly to young , mainly lower-middle class people . 
  not really as scary as i would have hoped . 
  thanks . 
  lots of le music defeners in here , but i really think the answer is not `` music is only about money now !!! 1 !!, 
  compared to michael jackson and queen who only did it for the artistry '' and simply a matter of styles changing . 
  music has shifted to more electronic midi and synthesizers music , but unlike the 80s where there are really corny synth solos , people ( me included ) just do n't want to hear an extended solo on such an instrument . 
  i 'm sure it 'll all come back around , like everything to do with fashion . 
  music is becoming more and more 80s influenced at the moment , and we 'll see where it heads . 
  dirty player , one of the worst disciplinary records ever , involved in assaults outside of football . 
  because fifa is a high scoring game . 
  it 's better to play like 13-14 liverpool , forget about your defence and beat people 6-4 by stacking your team with attackers . 
  therefore you see rooney , di maria etc in cm or even cdm . 
   pc being unplayable due to jittering and lag spikes constantly, 
  what ? 
  are you talking fps lag or internet lag ? 
  because it sounds like it 's on your end . 
  what are your system specs ? 
  also ^ it 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ lot *, 
  i had an irish player for my english club complain about the language , food and culture . 
  if you wanted to make it a word-like-this-collection-of-words you need the - between every word . 
  you complain about religious laws , yet you 're the one who wants to stop people from wearing things that you do n't like . 
  if you ca n't see the hypocrisy there , i do n't know what to say . 
  well the train part is a little too far , but shops can discriminate freely . 
   increasingly left wing governments, 
  kek, 
  how is `` judah and its world must die if humanity wants to live ; there is no other choice than to fight a pitiless battle against the jews in every form '', 
  not nazi-ish, 
  \\  actively disliking `` kiss you '', 
  so you use no foreign sayings ? 
  al fresco ? 
  so is this , to the same scale , so i do n't know what you 're implying . 
  the persecution complex is real, 
  should the header have been disallowed ? 
  probably not . 
  was benteke 's goal offside ? 
  yes . 
  but what no one can argue is that bournemouth do n't bring up the kit quality of the league with their superb gradient , and for that reason alone i think they deserved something . 
  i meant the bournemouth ` goal ' . 
  should clear that up . 
  if true , it 's more embarrassing than the opponent 's team . 
  fifa equivalent of a full kit wanker, 
  y' all need football manager, 
  basic, 
   cheddar is named after the region in england that it 's made in . 
  no , that 's not true , anyone can call their cheese cheddar cheese . 
  it 's not like champagne . 
  match of the day would be sick, 
  none other than stevie g, 
   replaceable key caps so you wo n't have to replace the whole thing each time . 
  that 's not an argument in favour of mechanical keyboards though . 
  there are other reasons , but you can you really say it is cost-effective , when you could just buy 5 great non-mechanical keyboards ( or 20 shit ones ) for the price of one mechanical ? 
  the header in the second goal is ronaldo-esque, 
  you favourite your own tweets ? 
  bit sad . 
  try the other romero , gil . 
  he 's sick . 
  tadic is one of those players who i genuinely feel an emotional attachment to thanks to fm . 
  club fucking legend in my southampton career . 
  take a look at this biography . 
  would be fantastic in the games where you 're in like 2039 and your star regen who has retired is now a pundit . 
  skimming over the names of both teams , i could n't tell who was spain and who was the usa . 
  nothing quite as tense as matches against your friends . 
  the feeling of `` i wo n't hear the end of this if i lose '' is intense . 
  well they could at least put the london teams nearer london , not in the midlands , and manchester is n't in northumberland last time i checked . 
  this is 20 days old but you probably read southampton , not southport . 
  southport 's in lancashire lol, 
  if hazard is 89 , neymar has to be at least 90 . 
  i ca n't think of a single way in which hazard is better though . 
  neymar is currently 1/3rd of the best front 3 in world football , he scored 22 goals in la liga from lw and a lot of people would put him at the 4th or 5th best player in the world right now . 
  de gea the same rating as rooney ? 
  schweinsteiger should n't be an 87 , more like 86 . 
  hazard is smaller than neymar . 
  also the `` drop off '' in la liga is a lot smaller than you make it out to be , and the top 3 are easily better than any team in the premier league but they still manage to lose/draw against the teams that are supposedly devoid of talent according to you . 
  yeah , the premier league 's bottom half is strong , but do n't immediately think that sunderland/newcastle/west brom would easily beat deportivo la coru\u00f1a , levante and getafe . 
  i 've bought stuff off it before , it 's so cheap and i just do n't question how they get it . 
  relative, 
  \u02c8r\u025bl\u0259t\u026av, 
  adjective, 
  considered in relation or in proportion to something else . 
  \\  probably, 
  \\  implying lalas might be better than luiz, 
  but ultimate team is n't just the mls ? 
  because the women are rated relative to women - you 're never going to be able to play women vs men , so the rating might as well be considered a separate game,
