  ca is a company trying to make money . 
  this is pre-bnw, 
  far cry 3 has n't been on a daily , only flash sale . 
  that , i would pay for . 
  it has n't been on a daily or a flash sale , only on community choice . 
  bit of generalization here, 
  i have done 4 co-op campaigns with my friend , and the only time it 's disconnected us was due to internet issues , but it autosaves and we just loaded up the saves, 
  fuck me # 3 for shogun 2 ? 
  might just buy it even though i own it if it 's that cheap !, 
  as an average human this made me cringe, 
  missed out the `` in general '' - my bad . 
  yeah , derp maths, 
  why would n't he ? 
  if you buy shogun 2 , when you launch , in the menu it should have the option to start either a fall of the samurai or shogun 2 campaign, 
  go with your favourite era of history , or the one that looks best * to you *, 
  you can really tell it 's the same engine as shogun 2 here , looks very similar . 
  ( not that there 's anything wrong , just an observation ), 
  you bought a game and it 's downloading ? 
  fall of the samurai is a separate game , so of course you have to download it, 
  not really the same thing, 
  this ? 
  are you using print screen ? 
  because if you are that might be the problem . 
  if you have steam use f12 to screenshot, 
  how well can you run shogun 2 ? 
  not a big fan of the weird civilization v style hexagon map here, 
  well i got to 1900 so, 
   medieval 2 : after i launch the game , the music that plays at the launcher does n't turn off . 
  i have to wait for the music to end which is really annoying . 
  also , when i exit the game , steam still says i 'm playing it when i 'm not, 
  you have to manually end a program called `` launcher.exe '' - this ends the music and solves your second problem . 
  the hohenfriedberger is nothing compared to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umzdeuiq8nq - it 's actually included in the trio of this march, 
  all the races in skyrim practice some form of ancestor worshipping and are all honour-bound , so it 's a poor comparison . 
  yeah , that video is full of weird neo-nazis too in the comment section . 
  workin on it , could be a while, 
  far cry 3 and xcom are 2 of the best games i own, 
  vanilla , so 2 . 
  it 's only available in head to head for logical reasons : imagine if a massive doomstack attacked a province that was vital to the success of the campaign . 
  if the province is captured it could mean game over . 
  but then your partner takes control of it and turns fire at will off his soldiers so they do n't put up a fight . 
  do n't know about you , but i have better things to do than sit on empire pressing end turn . 
  but eventually i will , and when i do , i 'll post it . 
  really ? 
  you think they grow plants in test tubes ? 
  wow . 
  i did n't see any `` cartoonish '' graphics , and the size of the armies is the same as shogun ? 
  1003 with some portugese tercos on shogun 2 , as the otomo, 
   you can only move around the map in the four cardinal directions, 
  i do n't quite understand what you mean ? 
  i believe you can middle mouse click on the map and drag it around in any direction , if that 's what you mean . 
  you can also use wasd to control the movement, 
  wow , really good video . 
  to me , brotherhood was just 2 with more stuff in it , so i preferred it . 
  but ac2 was a landmark in the series , and gaming in general . 
  go to diplomacy and click `` other civs '' or something like that on the trade menu, 
  to be fair though , last year they said more info was incoming and we 've yet to see a single tiny thing about bannerlord . 
  it did n't reveal anything apart from what the game will be called and what font they 'd use . 
  i find the normal campaign ai to be quite poor actually , although i am a seasoned player , but try easy and work out ways to play . 
  it took me a while to build the courage to play on normal . 
  obviously a different campaign , look at the map !, 
  maybe we 'll get a full `` rise of rome '' campaign , like the us one in empire, 
  the website is horrid , we 'll just hope that ca put this up on a better host . 
  ahh yes , i forgot about that . 
  rematch at the end of battle ? 
  they speak with upper-class southern english accents , not cockney accents . 
  watch this video ; his `` posh '' and manchester accents are quite poor , but his cockney is accurate . 
  ca n't you puppet css and capitals in occs ? 
  you were surprised a greek hoplite routed an archer unit when it charged head on into it ? 
  easy win . 
  both wrong , they 're doing north eastern accents , not scottish . 
  most of the accents on got are northern accents . 
  i 'm still playing it , to get me prepped . 
  i do n't want to miss out on anything . 
  vassals do , allies have never on any total war done . 
  i always thought that , but most of the countries are islands , and the ones that are inland are n't the most developed countries , so the roads may not be very ` formalized ' . 
  speculation , though . 
  source ? 
  if this is true i am very dissapointed . 
  not the answer he asked for, 
  imperial guard troops , sharpshooters and no less than 5 cannons ? 
  that 's a normal victory for that army in my books . 
  fuck me i came into the comments and told myself `` nah no one would post those lyrics , they 've been posted on every thread that mentions a revolution or civil war for about a year '', 
  i was wrong . 
  the fucking circlejerk here , my god . 
  it looks like it . 
  thanks . 
  thanks , my mind is at peace . 
  could n't find the exact quote i was looking for , but this will do to serve your point - `` throw your soldiers into positions whence there is no escape , and they will prefer death to flight . 
  if they will face death , there is nothing they may not achieve . 
  - sun tzu '', 
  but not the mechanics of the actual ambush , which is very exciting . 
  my advice for rome i is to get the anti-squalor mod - http://www.twcenter.net/forums/showthread.php?370983-squalor-getting-you-down-this-will-help!&amp;highlight=squalor, 
  the mechanic in vanilla is the reason i never played rome , it was completely stupid . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  idk dude but you really should be pushing on germany and central europe pretty soon , so this is your excuse . 
  probably because ca had a new engine and realized they could completely outdo the first one while keeping the massive scope of the medieval era, 
  the point of that sub is to show comments which are completely strange when taken out of context . 
  no it 's not , you ca n't control the enemy army in co-op . 
  great , but that 's not co-op, 
  not co-op,
