  united ireland ? 
  that 's nearly as unlikely as switzerland joining the eu . 
  i do n't understand . 
  is this the official ca flikr ? 
  and what is the picture showing . 
  is it meant to be cryptic ? 
  or is it meant to be just for ca employees or something . 
  to me , that sounds a bit similar to when people , including historians , try to defend the mongol empire . 
  today i learned . 
  my entry : http://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/2bw11i/napoleon_total_war_prussia_or_how_europe_was/, 
  thank you !, 
  hannibal in the general vicinity is my favourite dlc , ca n't wait to buy it, 
  i doubt the copy + pasted fleur-de-lis on the monarchical france would either . 
  i have only posted one comic to polandball , and that was n't banned . 
  i have n't really had any inspiration to do more , so i have n't updated myself on the rules for about a year . 
  i presume he 'll sell it on, 
  people argue that the mongols brought loads of advantages - free trade across the steppes , contact between asia and europe , freedom of religion etc , but they did that by * killing millions of people * . 
  although it 's not a straight analogy , it is comparable in that benefits of murder or subjugation are still indefensible as they are brought about by murder or subjugation . 
  i have n't called it polandball , anywhere . 
  it 's just circles with flags . 
  or is that copyrighted ? 
  i just vomited, 
  this has been a bug since launch , i swear, 
  sire , the other guy 's a retard , our allies are attacking and experiencing combat whilst we run to reinforce !, 
  sire , if he 'd had eyes he would have seen that the attacking units were n't selected and had completely different flags to ours !, 
  i know the autoresolve function does n't work , but do n't post pictures of results screens . 
  they 're so pointless . 
  pick the right one ( with the most civs ) and you could be swimming in happiness . 
  same with me . 
  what about middle-middle-class, 
  there are loads of great mobile games , as long as you keep your expectations of a good mobile game to be `` a game that is entertaining for short periods of time , and keeps you occupied for a bit '' . 
  my favourite games off my iphone are doodle jump , temple run , quiz up , fruit ninja , and yes , angry birds . 
  they 're no fuckin ' skyrim or any game i can play on my pc , but they 're good for the times you would play on your phone . 
  you can tell the posh places by having french . 
  kensington and chelsea , hammersmith and the city of london . 
  you missed out `` make sure the gem is as orange/instagram filtery as humanly possible '' and `` make sure the gem is incredibly blurry so that no one can see the picture , just an orange smudge '', 
  then give it a title like `` defend the eagle '' or `` glory to rome '' and you 're done !, 
  i do n't think you 're saying this , but i get so fucking pissed off with people that get mad that 300 was `` historically inaccurate '' . 
  it was n't meant to be history !, 
  it 's a fantasy film . 
  they never say `` this story is based on real events '' or anything , and the film goes all-out crazy with fuckin ' anthropomorphic animals in the persian tents , ninja immortals , and some weird hunchback dude who fucks up everything . 
  xerxes is a fucking giant . 
  it 'd be like complaining about inglorious basterds or iron sky being inaccurate to events `` well i think you 'll find hitler did n't get blown up by american jews on a secret mission in 1944 '', 
   the majority of people believe their version now, 
  no they do n't . 
  i do n't think anyone with a shred of common sense thinks that what is shown in the films happened . 
  there 's fucking goat-people . 
   inglorious basterds and iron sky is not a fair comparison as they are n't based on real events . 
  i retain the position that inglorious basterds is nearly exactly the same situation . 
  the setting is real events : but what happens after the film starts is entirely fictional . 
   also , the spartans themselves would fucking hate 300, 
  this has nothing to do with it . 
  i do n't care what some child-abusing , slave-holding greek city 's population from 2500 years ago thinks of a fantasy film from 2006 . 
  you 've never had an ally of an ally attack you before ? 
  by `` all spoilers '' does this mean every book so far , or up to the end of the newest season ? 
  the battle when tokugawa ieyasu , with the help of oda nobunaga , became shogun . 
  yep , i ca n't really remember any rape/torture . 
  how much do series 1 and 2 sell for ? 
  i have 2 spartans , a caveman , pharoah , spaceman , robin hood type one , and a mexican that i got ages ago . 
  can someone explain the yellow ? 
  do you play with the colours like that ? 
  if so , how ? 
  it 's expensive as fuck . 
  so many other cities in the uk that are cheaper and just as nice/nicer . 
  but there 's no `` choking diesel fumes '', 
  do you seriously think london is a nicer place to live than glasgow ? 
  there are some nice ( incredibly expensive ) places in london , but there are nice places in glasgow too . 
  sheffield , manchester , leeds , birmingham , etc are n't exactly small . 
  no such thing as `` scotch people '' btw . 
  how could i tell you are doing it on purpose ? 
  i thought it was just a little mistake you made . 
  and about '' * your * neighbours '' . 
  where do you think i 'm from ? 
  good , but in total i think that sparta has the worst ( least powerful ) unit roster . 
  how did you spell lose right , and in the same sentence spell it wrong ? 
  is n't this what the army is paid to do ? 
  save people 's lives by risking their own ? 
  are you on mobile , or are you just typing with your fist ? 
  you 're so right though , despite the hilarious errors, 
  shogun ii , for reals . 
  get out of my way little man, 
  game of thrones works best in a paradox gs style : eg the mod for ck2 . 
  lord of the rings is more suited to the total war style . 
  i would get a tattoo of it across my forehead for that kind of money, 
  who 's bakkali ? 
  never heard of him / s, 
   definetly, 
  how did you spell it wrong when the comment you 're replying to spelt it right ? 
  definitely, 
  different accents tho, 
  nothing more satisfying than this . 
  i know , i 'm not good, 
  that top one is plain wrong though , see the list in the comment below to see what they 've actually removed . 
  damn straight, 
  i think that opinion is shared by quite a large percentage of the community . 
  play poland . 
  do it . 
  do it, 
  try them both ? 
  darthmod napoleon for me is a one of a kind experience .
