  i 'm angry at the scale of the graph . 
  skips from gaps of 3000 years to 150 . 
  can i enter on a game other than rome ii ? 
   and who writes history ? 
  that 's right , the victors !, 
  jesus christ , everything 's coming together, 
  god it really sucks that there 's not a huge war going on, 
  acw-r is my favorite . 
  i am loving the m416 as well , and the .338 recon , although i have n't unlocked all of the ars or snipers . 
  the worst guns are the dmrs and shotguns . 
  not even worth using them . 
  but there are other guns that i really do n't like that others might , like the ak-12 , the p90 and the fucking fucking fuckety fuck scar-h . 
  it 'd be good if it had 10 more bullets in a magazine, 
  i do like the game . 
  that 's no argument !, 
  `` you 've payed, 
  40 quid for something and it does n't work ? 
  go play another thing then ! '', 
  i wan na know how if he unlocked the fy-js, 
  unless they 're vaguely brown, 
  did you honestly think he was a good character ? 
  revenge is n't involved ? 
  maybe at some tiny points , but it 's not `` a lot of the story '', 
  you 're missing out burma , and huge portions of china etc. 
  no not really . 
  maybe caesar in gaul if you 're really into rome ii . 
  the factions packs are just a case of ca ripping something that should have been in the game and selling it for # 5 . 
  stupid business practice . 
  where 70000 british soldiers were wounded or died , and 150000 japanese died . 
  my guy is always hungry ? 
  i could literally eat and eat and eat , or take 20 drinks from a fountain and either the status wo n't disappear or it will return in a few moments . 
  do it with a smaw , i believe that is faster and has less drop ( ? ), 
  are you seriously suggesting that fall of the samurai is to shogun 2 what caesar in gaul is to rome ii ? 
  fine , i understand if you said that it is somewhat comparable to rise of the samurai , but fall of the samurai is basically a brand new game that 's just set in the same country . 
  plus , unlike shogun ii and empire , tabbing out is n't too much of an issue . 
  one of the best things about rome ii . 
  killing camping snipers is fun either way :d, 
  you 're missing out the biggest thing : the entire unit change, 
   shogun 2 is the example of clone army unit rosters in the tw series, 
  yes, 
   you really should n't use that game as an example of unique rosters . 
  good thing that i 'm not then , is n't it, 
   and if you do , you had to pay for `` en entirely new game '' just to get your new units, 
  i did n't pay for `` en entirely new game '' for new units . 
  it 's set in a completely different time period , being the latest the total war franchise has gone in time . 
  everything about it apart from the ui and the way towns are managed is basically changed !, 
   how is that any different from cig ? 
  set in a different time period ? 
  completely different units and , more importantly , overhauled combat and battle tactics to the original game ? 
  new factions ? 
  yes !, 
  same map ? 
  yes !, 
  i could say compare everything that fots does and cig does and contrast blah blah blah , but i really do n't care/can be bothered . 
  more like the uk has declared war on some of the major european powers at some point, 
  i really do n't think that 's the case . 
  spain , france , the netherlands , russia , germany , austria , the ottoman empire ( if you want to call them european , which they 're not ) and bulgaria ( ? ), 
  are the only european ones i can think of . 
  hungary and romania , fine , but slovakia ? 
  firstly it was n't a country , and secondly as part of czechoslovakia it was invaded by nazi germany , so was basically just germany . 
  i 've seen a map like that , and it seems to count `` we once moved a unit through here '' or `` we have a base here '' as being invaded . 
  well , til , but was it at war with the uk ? 
  it says that the uk did n't recognize it as a country . 
  idk . 
  thanks , til . 
  i replied to the guy who said the same thing . 
  i 've never heard of that , but it 's part of the napoleonic wars , so you 're kind of right i think . 
  i need to research more into it . 
  so the uk did n't declare war on them ? 
  the newest one is the direct opposite, 
  i liked the episode with stephen merchant , and a few others . 
  better than normal . 
  now that is awesome . 
  holy fuck i have to try this now . 
  i hope you 're joking, 
  it sounded like he was advocating the use of guns in the riots . 
  to listen to it, 
  i got that , it 's a parachute glitch . 
  i fixed it by just jumping and parachuting again . 
  weird , a complete lack of knowledge of economics on / r/conspiracy ? 
  that 's new . 
  it 's been posted before , if you want to know why you 're being downvoted . 
  rome i gets my vote because i 'm not a big medieval ii player . 
  rome i is brilliant , my only complaint about it being squalor . 
  second is shogun ii , which i would have put first if you had n't said not to put the most polished . 
  the full game with all the dlc is like # 10 in the sales, 
  fucking hell not this shit again . 
  if you have n't noticed , the cold war is over . 
  the term `` third world '' according to the oxford english dictionary , and everyone that 's not on reddit , means `` the developing countries of asia , africa , and latin america '' . 
  yeah this is on ultra with a few tweaks , as i got a new cpu for christmas . 
  dude , this subreddit needs new gifs, 
  i do n't think you understood his point - he was saying that rome i is better in every way to rome ii apart from the graphics . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ agree, 
  completely agree with you . 
  you 're being downvoted as this is the 5th time this has been posted in about a week by the way :p, 
   yeah i agree, 
  i was confused by this, 
  seriously , i used to take full stacks of them , they 're like the roman equivalent of armoured elephants, 
  is this just with using the steam screenshot feature ? 
  when i use that it always makes it worse,
