  relations matter a lot , if not the most . 
  most of the time you have to be very friendly at least , or if you 're lucky , friendly . 
   what is the best way to secure a lasting peace ? 
  tricky question . 
  money is usually the answer , with gifts and coin you can buy out the friendship of most countries . 
   how effective are gifts of land , military access , technology , money , and ` state gifts ' ( which seem useless ) respectively ? 
  land gifts only usually have any effect i find when it is land that the country needs to complete objectives . 
  military access is a good bargaining chip , but money always reigns king . 
  i have found that after a war giving a state gift usually lifts the friendship with your enemy , and can be useful to help smooth things out . 
   my best current rifle unit seems to be janissary musketeers . 
  should my armies be composed almost entirely of them , or is there still a place for swordsmen and light infantry ? 
  i would say go for mainly musketeers . 
  but the problem is you 'll never be able to face with the europeans properly using their tactics . 
  so my advice is to take say 5 or 6 very good melee infantry to bog down elite units , to help you . 
  again , the use of cavalry and unusual infantry is your only advantage over the west . 
   can i use fire by rank with my nizam-i-cedit infantry , once i have them ? 
  i was disappointed to find the janissaries refuse to make the effort . 
  i ca n't remember if it is them , but i believe you can , making janissaries , although statistically better , useless , as 3 ranks firing always beats 1 rank of better troops . 
   poland-lithuania has allied with russia and my wars with austria have led to them winning against my prussian allies . 
  what 's the most effective way to preserve the balance of power in the region ? 
  the poles are indifferent to me but the russians hate my guts : is a polish-ottoman alliance possible ? 
  poland 's natural instinct will be to remove kebab . 
  however , try to push an alliance , and force to russians to fight you . 
  if poland is friendly with you , they might not join in , and you can take them out later . 
  but poland is not usually a very powerful threat , so do n't be too worried . 
   is giving my entire northern border to prussia in an attempt to avoid conflict with poland a reasonable strategy ? 
  well it could be , but i am afraid if poland won then you 'd just have an angry , bigger poland . 
  instead i 'd just fortify and wait until the balance of power has shifted . 
   is it possible to make peace with venice ? 
  we are at a standoff : they are not invading and do not border me , but they are too strong to take out . 
  venice always piss me off . 
  too powerful to forget about , but too stubborn to peace with . 
  i 've had dilemmas like that on previous games , and to be honest i tend to just hold an army in case , and wait until a better time to kill them , when you are threat free on other fronts . 
   can i manipulate the ai to declare war on each other in a useful way ? 
  for example , i 'd love to persuade genoa to invade venice , but i 'm not sure it 's possible . 
  no , i do n't think you can :(, 
  i do n't know , but haytham was a really interesting character due to that . 
  i5-2310 @ 2.9 ghz, 
  gtx 660, 
  4gb of ram, 
  i get about 40-60fps on high , but with crazy stuttering even on low that drops it down to 1 or 0 fps for a number of seconds . 
  unplayable . 
  did you buy windows 8 ? 
  i do n't want to shell out # 50 just for bf4 , but i really want to play it without stuttering, 
  i have the latest drivers ( had to because of the hilarious flashing colours during first campaign mission ) , and my temperatures did n't reach above normal gaming level, 
  for cheap = # 60, 
  sorry about the epileptic fits this may have caused : /, 
  buy a mouse ? 
  you can get quite good cheap wireless or wired ones anywhere . 
  there 's an option to fight battles , same as co-op on shogun 2 , napoleon , and rome ii, 
  my friend needs this, 
  looks like 4pm uk time , utc +0, 
  i 'm on the same boat , i was excited to stay up tonight and play , as i am out for 2 days from tomorrow , but i checked and it was 4pm . 
  ah well . 
  because you sound like a prick if you say it, 
  wow , nice , you 've certainly made it a lot easier for the next guy to come and do whatever he wants !, 
  good work . 
  i know right ? 
  fuck them for paying # 50 for a game that does n't work !, 
  holy shit dem agents, 
  ^ ( pirate it beforehand ), 
  i ca n't help much , but elephants , especially the seleucid ones , are the most disgustingly brilliant units . 
  anything that does n't brace will be chomped up and killed within 30 seconds . 
  these guys have a point , but they are pricks . 
  the ca social media team is n't taking their time out of coding the ai to do this . 
  plus the guy who says the latest update broke his game probably needs to not install mods . 
  `` stop with this crap and fix the ai '', 
  that 's what i was objecting to, 
  what ? 
  i never said any of that ? 
  go back and read my comments and think about what you just said . 
  i love how since rome ii came out no one specifies what game they are talking about, 
  and we did , in 2010 , where england was thoroughly beaten to a pulp by germans, 
  original * and * funny, 
  assault with defibs + medikit, 
  assault with defibs + grenade launcher/ub shotgun, 
  engineer with whatever he wants , preferably a sub machine gun or carbine , repair tool and solid launcher, 
  support with m416 , ammo pack and airburst or claymores, 
  recon with sniper of choice , but equipped more suitably for medium range , rangefinder and c4 . 
  medic provides the basic medical needs of squad . 
  the second assault is the ` forlorn hope ' of the group , closer range than others ( aside from perhaps engi ) , and provides the brunt of the attacks . 
  spare defibs to revive medic . 
  engineer does the repairs and deals with light/medium armour , tries to stay alive but goes in with assaults if need be . 
  the 3 of them stick together . 
  support and recon stay together most of the time , recon spots everything and makes sure there is a good spawn point , as well as counter-sniping and helping out . 
  c4 is used when tanks come in . 
  support provides the ammo , and drifts between providing overwatch and covering positions with the recon and going in with the medic to make sure position is cleared . 
  whoops , meant m249, 
  how on earth are you ranking up with even 10k a round ? 
  to get to rank 9 you need something like 30k from rank 8 . 
  there 's an icon that tells you, 
  my favorite moments of the game so far have been dropping near a full attack boat , diving down , and planting c4 on the bottom . 
  statistically , their range and high damage beats archers , and javelins are just harder to use . 
  but if you deploy peltasts correctly you 'll get 100s of kills . 
  are those packs specific to that gun ? 
  as in , are the attachments all for the gun you got it for ? 
  well it may actually be the fact that they have much better armour piercing damage . 
  but ... the box cutter, 
  yeah , i believe they do . 
  do n't worry , i did n't know this until i found out on here anyway .
