  darthmod makes the ai better , and makes battles larger . 
  it will require a good computer , as the unit sizes are massive and the added smoke effects make the system requirements much more than that of vanilla empire . 
  all the units you have are in , as are hundreds of added units for darthmod . 
  sorry , no good with computers ; my advice would be just to try it out , and see how it runs . 
  you could say the same for russia and austria then , they should be striped over the balkans . 
  that 's polynesia ? 
  that would be the worst ua ever , literally forcing a occ, 
  india makes me want to be sick, 
  y' all need guard mode, 
  i do n't think i good move for the netherlands is to attack spain or france first thing , that 'd be a very bad mistake . 
  it 's great on multiplayer when your opponent thinks he can win by lining his troops and waiting , and then you just sweep him up with your superior morale and melee power . 
  oh my god , the one where it puts you in a house with like 6 guys and you have to pick them off one by one , turning people against each other . 
  that was the single best quest ever . 
  the blood pack is so hilarious and , as well as the blood it adds loads of animations . 
  like what ? 
  i 've never experienced a single bug/glitch, 
  if they were facing their specific tribe , i could understand , but many mercenaries fought because they believed the romans to be a better option than their rival tribes . 
  tbh bridge battles on every game are all bloodbaths at the bridge . 
  darthmod empire, 
  why, 
  do n't promote youtube channels here . 
  the second point is really why . 
  battles were n't fought in the same way as they used to , and would n't work with total war, 
  yes , finally , someone else who shares my love for poland-lithuania . 
  their starting position is also awesome and you get immense satisfaction from finally killing the austrians and prussians . 
  i understand that a game involving the us civil war , or the crimean war would maybe work , as they still used line tactics , but what i 'm saying is that wars like the first world war were not fought in ways that would :, 
  be fun to play, 
  actually work in a total war game, 
  c. make battles worth anything in the long run, 
   poetry videos can be 15-30 seconds, 
   offering affordable tuition fees, 
  1095 hours in total . 
  yeah i know . 
  empire : 1 general , 4 cannons , 2 cavalry , 4 light inf. , and the rest line infantry, 
  maybe they 've got a ** really ** good agent ? 
  well i do n't really mind a bit on inaccuracy , but the holy roman empire being depicted as one country ( obviously to make it a lot simpler ) did lead me to believe that it was a whole country , and germany was united in like the 1000s, 
  well the ai , to try and remain competent and a threat in the late game , cheats . 
  i would advise hiring a ninja or whatever to kill their agent instead of wasting stacks, 
  that is a * magnificent * beard though, 
  can you not do the ( fixed ) thing , it 's awful . 
  i count 4 times . 
  it 's not the troops thats the problem , it 's how the battles were fought . 
  they were n't `` conventional '' like old times , it was n't like the battles of 50 years ago . 
  it would n't work in the way that total war has set out itself . 
  if you want a world war strategy game , it 's not like we 're short of them anyway . 
   schlieffan 's invasion plan of france . . goober yet ignored, 
  i do n't quite understand what you mean by that - the schlieffan plan was carried out but was a massive failure because germany had to first invade belgium and this dragged them down , and russia mobilised their troops much earlier than expected . 
  yeah , i thought that , but i think the guy that wrote the article about the census was prussian biased , not crediting the great poland as the master and authority . 
   in world history religion has been the cause of much death, 
  read , then comment . 
  why people downvote this , i do n't know . 
  the incredible amount of blatant generalization going on here is astounding , as if muslims are all one person . 
  people are now acting like they know best for the billions of muslims , who , apparently , all think exactly the same . 
  you 're preaching to the choir here , mate . 
  hardly a `` confession '' . 
  matchlocks can be countered easily , with those lovely things called bows . 
  and nagi samurai . 
  lots of naginata samurai . 
  you should see it now , the most common battles are people spamming mounted archers/mounted gunners , along with shotgun wielding donderbuss cavalry . 
  you can cheat money using a program called artmoney . 
  google it and how to use it on empire , because i forgot as i used it so long ago . 
  when i went to phoenix on holiday , nearly every house had a flag . 
  are those julii 's provinces in northern germany ? 
  if you 've got 20 units , it 's the only way to properly ensure each is doing what they are meant to be doing . 
  it 's nothing to do with difficulty . 
  in real life , the general would be able to give these orders in one go in a way that is impossible on total war . 
  iirc no faction needs croatia as part of its victory conditions , so it 's free to be traded . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  i do n't play total war to test my micromanagement ability , i do so to play as if i were the commander , who is not tied down by controls and buttons . 
  the `` difficulty '' is not , again , testing my ability to micro , but using strategy and tactics to overcome the enemy . 
  i 'm currently on a multiplayer game , bit of a break so here : ( nothing special though ) http://imgur.com/a/dwsye, 
  ( first picture is irrelevant , sorry ), 
  * sri pada and uluru . 
  they have good units though , so i think that their ua is kind of an added bonus . 
  shift + enter ends turn , skipping everything . 
  oh god the apostrophes, 
  ever been to europe ? 
  lower taxes to the minimum , build everything that encourages town growth . 
  who brings cavalry to a siege expecting it to do any good ? 
  the tactics are there , use them . 
  i think in my 400 + hours of shogun 2 i maybe played a dozen or so actual important land battles . 
  all the rest were either too minor not to autoresolve or siege battles . 
  so i love it . 
  the whole point of civ is to create your own world , so implementing real religions with offensive `` bonuses '' would be a game breaker for me . 
  guessing because you can just as easily take a city with crossbows as you can with cannons . 
  you got my upvote as soon as you mentioned / r/totalwar, 
  i have done it , actually , as the germans . 
  germania , hre , prussia , prussia . 
  i was thinking about doing it as france as well , or maybe an italian state so i do n't have to play as barbarians . 
  the turks would work as well , going from parthia or equivalent to the ottomans . 
  i bet that 'd be fun . 
  no , please do n't plague the sub-reddit with shit like this . 
  good for you . 
  wow , did n't realize it was this easy to win a siege battle as greece !, 
  if prussia undergoes a lower class revolution and turns into a republic , it gets the flag of germany . 
  same with ~ ~ france ~ ~ , russia etc. 
  when the lower class or upper class is unhappy in your home province , they start a revolution . 
  here 's a handy guide . 
  brilliant,
