what, 
  i just clicked ` click for details ' ... 
  i am ashamed . 
  do you like this feeling ? 
  kind of , very good but it is n't as big , i would start off with shogun 2 just to see what the shogun 2 game is like , then move on to fots . 
  also , you must buy the blood pack dlc . 
  it adds so much to the game and it is so badass . 
  it 's only like a dollar for literally the most awesome battles on earth , and it works with both shogun 2 and fots . 
  is it meant to be a pun ? 
  good job , now there should be more total war redditors !, 
  at the beginning , i was found the comedy to be a bit light and cliched , but by the second half i loved it . 
  the ending had me literally sobbing . 
  karl was great , but i could n't get the real karl out of my head , for me he was n't the character but karl . 
  ricky was really good playing derek and i hope for more of this show . 
  as in the american civil war ? 
  there are n't many factions , though i suppose you could play as any state and change your allegiance , much like you can in fots . 
  north and south = imperial + shogunate . 
  i do n't understand why people think wwi would make a good tw . 
  ww1 was fought mainly across two fronts , and there was no diplomacy , no capturing major territories . 
  it also was basically one big battle , no little skirmishes . 
  it would n't work and ca will never make it . 
  i held off a 16 unit shogunate army with 3 units of royal marines . 
  the battle ended with around 50 of my soldiers remaining . 
  i was cornered by a really powerful clan , with my last city , and knew i was dead . 
  the battle started and there was about 4 units of mine and a 20 strong army invading . 
  but an allied clan came and reinforced my army , and we destroyed them . 
  it was so cool . 
  shimazu or chosokabe . 
  very good for beginners . 
  that you tried to find the worst way possible to kill yourself ? 
  i have seen this fucking gif so many times on reddit ... 
  upvoted so now you have to . 
  yes , i completely agree . 
  awesome screenshots and stories would be a lot better , and maybe some inspirational ideas , such as tactics and historical information . 
  a crutting brow, 
  who buys this shit ? 
  and that is what i did . 
  i declared war and was joined by nearly all of my allies . 
  have you turned it on and off again ? 
  ( steam and computer ), 
  seriously though , what have you done since it started crashing ? 
  did you download anything or install anything ? 
  also what are your specs ? 
  as in your computer stuff, 
  empire is the worst for autoresolving . 
  i invaded a prussian france with britain , does that count ? 
  it 's just too hard to find a lag free game . . 
  i have to disagree with you saying rome was the only game with major differences between the factions . 
  on empire , your entire campaign and the way you fight battles is completely different depending on which faction you chose , as ottoman peasants , native americans , british line infantry and us light infantry all play rather differently in battles . 
  agreeably , some factions are similar - france and spain for example - but this was true in the time anyway . 
  the empire combat is brilliant imo . 
  i have no thoughts , because it does n't work . 
  next time , instead of posting 5 ( similar ) pictures separately , could you post them as an album ? 
  i like the pictures but having 4 separate links on the front page is unnecessary . 
  echo is annoying , i could n't listen . 
  that 's the fun part of fots !, 
  it 's more mod friendly than a lot of other games ... 
  that depends . 
  do you need the province for an objective ? 
  if you are sure you will never need it to say , reach a certain number of provinces captured , then take the offer and try to make protectorates . 
  it is one less province to worry about and in can be useful as a buffer . 
  edit : i think actually protectorates count towards provinces captured , although i am unsure . 
  why did n't you check the system requirements before getting it ? 
  dats cool bro, 
  i subscribed , even though i ca n't afford arma 2 ... 
  yes . 
  what issues ? 
  thanks for the feedback anyway . 
  direct chat does n't properly work , i do n't think ... 
  i remember recently something saying they we working on something new , so you rome fanboys are probably not in luck . 
  i know what you want me to say . 
  ` it 's alright to pirate it if you paid for it once ', 
  well , no , i am not going to redeem your morality . 
  this seems unlikely that you just had a product code lying around , then you got a new computer . 
  if it is true , then too bad , go buy it again . 
  your loss . 
  let them stand still ? 
  sorry about the haziness of my statement , i thought that keeping units still recovers them from fatigue , but you may have to wait a while . 
  the english civil war , with a system like fots ; you pick either royalist or parliamentary . 
  factions would be counties or the such . 
  turn shadows off , it increased my performance by tenfold . 
  how do i do this ? 
  i have n't played many line-on-line battles on fots , the combat is a lot better . 
  no longer do you march up a line to face another line and wait and hope you win . 
  it focuses more on melee , with the foreign units being awesome in cqb , as well as devastatingly powerful in firing . 
  it seems more intuitive and a lot different to empire , and it is no longer about the best units winning , as there are ways of winning in any situation . 
  the siege battles are a hell of a lot better , but one flaw is still the attackers ai . 
  i can hold off a full 2 stacks of units ( i have a replay where the enemy army is 3 generals and 30 units of shogunate infantry - which are elite line infantry ) with nothing more than the town guard and a couple of extra levy . 
  too . 
  they are common in europe . 
  doing some research would tell you that , around russia and ex-soviet states , they are common birds all year round . 
  there was a thread on this literally hours ago . 
  ca n't we think of better discussion topics ? 
  i agree that it probably will be in the same lines as fots , and they said ( ca ) that what they 're are working on is something new , i think . 
  also , it will never be ww1 . 
  think about it . 
  how ? 
  if you want to argue with this , please do . 
  but it would n't happen . 
  edit : maybe the boer war ?
