  source : i once went somewhere in the middle-east, 
  because it 'd be rather hypocritical . 
  they 're always looking to expand and start off with like 10 regions . 
  i 've noticed this does n't involve annoying the germans . 
  the past 68 years they have gotten rather smug , we need to wipe that smile off their face again . 
  not many germans died to this tune , sorry . 
  this film is set during the seven years war , where we teamed up with our good pals the prussians to kill the frogs . 
  then we teamed up again to kill the frogs-with-a-different-flag during the napoleonic wars to kill more filthy french bastards . 
  the one thing we build with the french and it crashes and is taken out of service . 
  frankly , i believe it was their fault . 
  we did perfectly fine beforehand . 
  how is slipping around the d and n a facepalm ? 
  the real problem is that he calls himself the `` best speller [ he ] knows '' yet spells ` you 're ' wrong . 
  where 's the facepalm ? 
  for years , the little packets of maoams were 10p . 
  nice and easy number . 
  then when they upped the prices to 12p , i was livid . 
  that was my anecdote . 
  i see what you 're implying . 
  oh god his ears, 
  i am sure it is a baker rifle . 
  ninja edit : indeed i have found the source : http://england.prm.ox.ac.uk/englishness-baker-rifle.html, 
  i was skeptical after reading all the books as a kid , but my god it 's a good show . 
  * so brave *, 
  it is stupid . 
  especially since you have a full army left . 
  nothing wrong with that , because steam is great and not a problem at all . 
  the thing is with the economy in shogun is that anyone can make tons of money by doing one simple thing : lower your taxes to a minimum . 
  at first you 'll be making very little . 
  learn to survive off that . 
  but as time goes on , your town growth will be so much you 'll be making fuck tons of cash . 
  it 's incredible . 
  why ? 
  once you 've got bayonets and square , they 're pointless . 
  if you 're looking for melee power then line infantry is better than pikemen , and grenadiers are even better . 
  seems like a waste of a slot . 
  it 's not some people 's idea of fun . 
  i do n't like it , it 's too complex and too slow and makes short battles into huge headache inducing ones for me . 
  wow , same . 
  i like to narrate battles like it was a documentary , saying how the polish pushed on this flank etc and how the general did this and that . 
  cool . 
  i have n't played in a long time , and mine is still the usas top . 
  chosokabe ? 
  why would you want a republic ? 
  cm is the best form of government and you should be thankful you started with it as one of the 2 nations that do . 
  keep it , if not for that but for the fact we are still a monarchy and not some filthy french `` republic '' invention . 
  i do n't want to get into politics , so let me just say - i am neutral towards the queen being in power . 
  it does n't make much of a difference to my life , and she has no real power . 
  ( i doubt our form of government is any more laughable than the us 's , or many other places ), 
  constitutional monarchy is the best form of government of empire total war . 
  it just is , look at the bonuses it gives you . 
  i do n't believe in god , still do n't disagree with the queen . 
  the attraction of the world to the royals is nothing to do with them being `` divine '' , it 's the fact they are `` in charge '' of one of the most important countries in the world and live in the lap of luxury . 
  it 's like the world 's obsession with celebrities . 
  also , why is it your place to insult people 's religion ? 
  do n't be a dick . 
  exactly . 
  his argument could be valid if it was 1400 . 
  although maybe realistic , it would n't be very fun having to wait 3 trillion years for howitzers to move across europe . 
  in empire they take too long already , i think it is fine . 
  yeah , it worked for the russians . 
  what ? 
  when are you talking about ? 
  during the 1700s they were a monarchy , and during the cold war they were a military communist dictatorship . 
  now they are a burnt out corrupt republic . 
  a mass murdering , human rights violating one , but one no less . 
  okay . 
  oh my god stop pretending you are above it all . 
  where are you from ? 
  the usa ? 
  where would you say nowadays has a good system of government ? 
  i 'd say scandinavia . 
  sweden , norway , denmark , maybe the low countries . 
  all monarchies . 
  i think that was hitler 's idea, 
  your income from towns is from taxes . 
  the bigger the town is in terms of population , obviously you earn more taxes . 
  if you click on your town , it shows your income , lets say 1000 . 
  every turn , your town 's economy grows or declines , depending on factors like taxes ( high taxes mean less growth ) and public order ( happy people spend more ) . 
  let 's say the growth a turn is 50 . 
  on turn one that town will be making 1000 . 
  on turn 2 it will make 1050 . 
  on turn 3 it 'll be making 1100 - and so on . 
  lowering your taxes is a good way of increasing growth , but is more viable a tactic on shogun 2 , and not so much on empire + napoleon . 
  `` we have all sorts of problems but a royal family is n't one of them . '', 
  what problems do you think the queen brings with her ? 
  do you live here ? 
  do you know anything about the united kingdom ? 
  it 's not a dictatorship , are you retarded . 
  the only problem with the uk is the current people in * power * in parliament . 
  `` christian inspired '', 
  yes . 
  like ** everything ** in europe , it 's christian inspired . 
  maybe it 's because 80 % of people here are christians . 
  maybe it 's because 99 % of people back in the middle ages were christians . 
  weird that . 
  i ca n't imagine how i 'd feel if there was a queen on it . '', 
  this is how i feel : `` oh look that 's a five pound note i can buy like 6 freddos '', 
  to be a problem , something has to cause a problem . 
  it only brings benefits - therefore it is n't a problem .
