  anyone else think the `` heroic saviour '' ancillary looks like will from rally point ? 
  on the q&a it was confirmed you can fire artillery in first person , yes . 
  great news . 
   has the ability to shoot artillery in first person made it into rome ii ? 
  is there a range limitation to how far you can fire ? 
  yes first person artillery mode is in rome ii . 
  i hope it is , just to spite you . 
  you ever played battlefield 3 ? 
  there 's a chinese emblem on the top of the menu . 
   yeah , but you can change your kit, 
  that 's false , they do fire on the move but are restricted to only firing to the front for an ungodly reason . 
  can you do it on rome 1 ? 
  i could n't find it anywhere . 
  how do i do it ? 
  restart rome and steam , and run steam as administrator or if you 're not using steam run rome as admin . 
  fixes it for me . 
  are you activating the mods ? 
  in what way `` cartoony '' ? 
  the gameplay or the looks ? 
  the blood pack is meant to be styled in the same way as old japanese samurai films , it 's not meant to be realistic . 
  and i have never had the multiplayer problem you have - try having a matchmade battle with key buildings - this stops any camping . 
  yeah , me and my friend have done nearly every faction in multiplayer - we started by doing a shimazu/chosokabe , we then did otomo/hattori , takeda/hojo , uesugi/date and finally we are now on tokugawa/oda . 
  i love how someone downvoted you for saying that . 
  it , too , is my favourite total war game . 
  id fuck that man, 
  it 's working pretty well in a hell of a lot of countries . 
  what would you rather have , a dictatorship ? 
  forests are n't impassable on shogun 2 , so why will they be on rome ii ? 
  it just slows down the army a fuck tonne . 
  upgrade the graphics card, 
  it goes up to edinburgh , looks like . 
  there 's no `` northern accent '' mate, 
  are you sure you do n't mean the carthage lp video with that girl and the designer ? 
  dammit, 
  because it 's dramatic and powerful music ? 
  backstory : it is 1820 . 
  a hundred years ago , poland leapt from obscurity to greatness , taking over greater germany and austria . 
  before 1740 the country had gone from a few territories in eastern europe to owning from the russian border in the east , istanbul in the south and the border with france in the west . 
  in 1780 poland 's greatest general , ( who 's name i forget ) lead the invasion of the ottoman empire up to persia , and then swept through north africa and took place in a coordinated attack on the rest of europe , where 8 of poland 's armies took over paris , london , madrid and rome in less than 3 years . 
  the americas soon fell . 
  by 1810 , all that was left was the indian republic , who had slowly realised their long-standing alliance with the polish empire would soon be revoked . 
  20 polish armies stood at the border . 
  the invasion began . 
  athens and sparta are who me and my friend are doing . 
  they 're close to each other, 
  they are both centred on each other 's weakness - athens has a strong navy but a weaker army , and sparta has no navy but a strong army . 
  sparta can loosen macedon 's grip on athens early . 
  i bought empire 2 years ago . 
  since then , it has never crashed , and the only bugs i have encountered are silly minor things that do not affect gameplay . 
  a lot of complaints about it are based on opinion and bad memories . 
  since mid-2012 when i bought rome i , many people 's favourite , it has crashed well over 100 times , it has arguably the worst ai , and many aspects are broken . 
  it 's not bad music by any stretch of the imagination . 
  that 's in napoleon and shogun 2 as well . 
  in his defence he was not a developer . 
  not much of a question really - in terms of money , it 's already a massive success through pre orders , and it will make fuck tons . 
  in terms of quality , it 's usually a good indication that they 've let lots and lots of people play it before it 's out yet , and everyone talks well of it . 
  i am 99 % sure it is , yesterday i took it over with one of my generals in a brutii campaign i am doing . 
  i did n't know it was n't in rome ii , but it 's still the same city in empire and napoleon , so it 's been in every game ** thus far ** :p, 
  who needs japan , eh ? 
  yeah it 's like maths , two odds make an even sort of shit, 
  some of these do n't fit into the rhythm of the song , 12 drummers drumming is 5 syllables and written in the music as a crotchet and 4 quavers , but 12 legionnaires marching is 7 syllables and does n't fit . 
  nine carthaginians ambushing is too long again , does n't work well , neither does `` a hail of parthian arrows '' `` athenian quinquiremes '' or `` pontic javelin cav '' unless you really rush spitting out the smaller syllables . 
  but the rest work , and are quite good . 
  there was a lot of that in this video . 
  yes , please . 
  the pr is in germany, 
  yeah, 
  rome ii is steam only :p, 
  but seriously i would like to be involved , and help in any way . 
  i think we should be able to use any faction , ( everyone will go macedon/rome though ) and the way it is organised depends on how many people will do it . 
  if we get like 30 people then a group stage thing would be really fun . 
  maybe go to the [ steam group ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/groups/reddittw ) ? 
  try and get some interest . 
  looking here , there are no mercenary elephants in epirot cities . 
  it 's like when like the cherokee declare war on you and you are prussia , they ca n't do anything . 
  wait , can you explain what this is , i missed the first thread - is it a pass along campaign ? 
  to y' all saying it 's because of steam : i asked on the forums and got a reply from either trish or the other girl saying it unlocks everywhere at the same time , so it 's 6pm in the uk ... 
  yep . 
  shit , ai n't it . 
  especially since ca are from the uk ... no point crying over spilt milk though . 
  depends what you like !, 
  empire is my favourite , napoleon is also great - but you ca n't go wrong with # 6.24 for fall of the samurai , which is a great game . 
  what would you rather have , 4 turns a year and finish your campaign in 215bc ? 
  i am not in favour of it at all , but there 's really nothing you can do . 
  plus , 1ypt and having fewer armies means that there will inevitably be a larger amount of battles your general partakes in , meaning you will form a sentimental connection with him . 
  plus you get more abilities , ancilleries and upgrades than last total wars , so you get more of a connection then . 
  look at her charm level , she 's 15 . 
  i do agree that / r/totalwar should implement a rule like / r/civ 's - highlighting the thing we are meant to be looking at, 
  possibly the 2nd campaign i will do , and the one i am most excited about . 
  especially since i will be doing classics at uk college ( the thing before university ) the day after rome ii comes out . 
  right click on shogun 2 on steam and press `` validate files '' or something like that . 
  might work . 
  ca have already said there is no time limit . 
  i once adopted a general who was twice my age , it was great . 
  here you go : http://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/1gfgi3/your_favorite_rome_2_faction_predicted_crowd/, 
  thanks . 
  now to try and remember my year 9 german lessons . 
  definitely napoleon . 
  oh dear lord i need new trousers, 
  have you used that ?
