  are they any better now ? 
  inb4 ` pullo ! ', 
  you know , you would n't be saying that if you knew someone who was in need of medical help , or it was you . 
  it 's funny because if a political party made a big statement about it , they 'd attract lots of votes that they 're not going to get otherwise . 
  yeah , this is true . 
  i learnt this the hard way , charging 4 lancers into oathsworn and losing 2/3rds of my men trying to pull out . 
  definitely the [ astley village assassins . 
  ] ( http://archive.bebo.com/profile.jsp?memberid=5611173627 ), 
  at 5 tonight , i think the argentina v belgium game is on itv 1 . 
  the 9pm netherlands v costa rica game is on bbc 1 tonight . 
  the world cup matches are split between those channels . 
  idk what channel the final 's on . 
  thanks !, 
  who on earth would choose to watch it on itv , with a combination of adverts and adrian chiles ? 
  * lewronggeneration *, 
  why are you sad at the state of pop music ? 
  pop music has always been like this . 
  yeah you need to take athens to ever be able to trade . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
   drinking wine for 15 + years, 
  definitely a 15 year old french person, 
  you would not believe the time it took me to work out how to use sony vegas, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks for the likes and nice comments guys !, 
  going to bed now , but because this seems to be quite popular i 'll make some more videos around this style . 
  the 1812 overture by tchaikovsky, 
  could you test with the extra volleys ? 
  line up slingers and archers , and give attack orders for the archers , so when they are in range they can start firing . 
  problem with your argument is that people posting videos is n't stopping other people from posting . 
  this sub gets like what , 5 posts every few hours ? 
  not a big problem . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 've just taken a look down the posts from the last 24 hours , and there has been 26 posts . 
  7 of those are videos , and 2 of those 7 are short videos ( my 1 minute video i posted last night and a 15 second video of an easter egg ) . 
  the highest , i think . 
  at least ultra everything . 
  i 've posted 1 video to / r/totalwar in the last year . 
  is that what you call spam ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't understand the logic . 
  without the videos the subreddit is going to be * less * busy , and with an even smaller variety of posts . 
  that 's great and all ( and totally your opinion ) but how would stopping those video posts help that situation ? 
  they are for some people though , are n't they , or they would n't get the 20 upvotes or so they get most of the time they are posted . 
  it 's because there are people ( heirofcarthage , lionheart etc ) that have thousands of subscribers , watching them play campaigns . 
  they want to be like them . 
  wicked , but that 's not the point i was making . 
  i was saying : just because you do n't like it , does n't mean someone else does n't . 
  most videos have upvotes - obviously given by the people that care . 
  i5-4570 , gtx 660 and 4gb of ram . 
  are n't the cannons written into the score ? 
  i think it is . 
  sometimes , very rarely , the ai actually * uses * siege equipment . 
  i know , amazing , right ? 
  i get like 60fps most of the time - but i had to run it on medium-high before i got my processor . 
  i know right , fucking hell i do n't understand sitting, 
  filthy peasants, 
  stand up , wipe . 
  you get more ... coverage ? 
  plus your hand does n't have to touch the toilet at all, 
  who the fuck has a big enough volume of shit so that it is able to be ` squished ' left in ? 
  this is getting weird, 
  i mean , there 's leading questions , and then there 's this . 
  faulty lad we need to finish the three word story, 
  it 's good because it means you can basically defend from any attack with just the garrisons . 
  seriously though it is completely broken . 
  took their time !, 
  mongols : people either ally with you , or they die . 
  if they ally with you , then they die later . 
  when someone disrespects you ( plunders a caravan , for instance ) make it your aim to completely wipe out their entire civilization . 
  kill everyone , and burn their cities . 
  i reroll as many times as i need to get an enjoyable start . 
  i do feel a little dirty if i reroll onto a mental start , but i want to have fun . 
  you mean how much food you have stockpiled ? 
  it 's in the bottom corner next to your money . 
  when people think of the us though ( non-american here , i know , crazy ) and it 's not new york or la that they think of immediately , it 's probably of that big open road , long highways with amazing scenery like that . 
  til all of russia is forest, 
  til all of the uk is rolling hills, 
  til all of germany is the alps, 
  til all of turkey is cappadocia, 
  til all of greece is white beaches, 
  see ? 
  it 's not just the us that is diverse . 
  these pictures are n't meant to represent the entire country . 
  no wales ? 
  you do realise one loss ( however incredible ) does n't negate quite a lot of wins ? 
  again , most of my points apply . 
  the title should n't say that though . 
  this is a month old , but i quite like the vibrancy of that flag . 
  oh god that is awful . 
  they actually have their history of flags on a flag . 
  jesus i feel sick . 
  * vomits uncontrollably *, 
  settle far away to get a good position - usually near another civ, 
  they 've not been that good imo . 
  brazil was just shit . 
  france looked on equal terms with them . 
  pop 'em an email saying you 're a free agent looking for a new contract . 
  downvotes from people who have n't watched the world cup , just heard the 7-1 score from reddit . 
  a coin . 
  a fucking coin made it to the top of / r/aww .
