   they use a celebrity death to try to get pity points, 
  could n't have said it better . 
  it 's honestly shameful sometimes . 
  first you have to show us a picture that is n't , by the looks of it , from 2009 . 
  what i try and think about is the amount of times people have embarrassed themselves in front of me , and how often i think of those times . 
  the answer is `` i do n't remember most of them at all '' and so you can comfort yourself with the fact that no one is thinking about it but you . 
  i know for a fact i have seen people call teachers etc. 
  `` mum '' but i do n't specifically remember the event and who did it . 
  but yeah you 're kinda right but i was trying to be nice, 
  weed * then * alcohol is a lot better, 
  because they speak welsh ? 
  it 's really nice snow in manchester , top draw stuff, 
  smalling is fantastic though . 
  he marked aguero out of the game last week . 
  he 's not been * as * amazing as he was at the start of the season , but you ca n't have watched the derby and not rated this guy . 
  do we really need that translation though, 
  but he 's one of the worlds best midfielders, 
  spain is stacked at lb atm and valencia is most of the reason, 
  that stereotype of pepe is just not true anymore though, 
  the cypriot one is fit , as is the portuguese, 
  me and my friends tripping on 2cb for the first time , honestly the most giggly drug i 've tried , we spent about an hour literally in tears laughing at a map on the wall because it was moving and we were so obsessed with it . 
  i had to leave the room and recover because i was genuinely concerned because i was laughing so much i could n't breathe . 
  sounds expensive to me . 
  i would n't pay above a fiver for that . 
  i know that sustained use leads to awful bladder problems, 
  are you not counting black people as people ? 
   i 'm not including gang members as people . 
  that is unfathomably illogical . 
  you ca n't just exclude demographics and not include them in statistics arbitrarily . 
  `` well you see , england has the lowest crime rate in the world if you only count white upper-class pensioners '', 
  d - g # in the same key is a bit weird , are you sure ? 
  are benzema and ramos talked about that much ( to do with their talent at least ) ? 
  pretty sure everyone rates and talks about him . 
  i 'm sorry but walcott is shite compared to cavani . 
  people are reaaaallly stretching this hate of him , the man has 54 goals in 99 games for psg and 78 in 104 for napoli . 
  walcott has nothing on him . 
  no they really do n't ? 
  most england fans rate our national team on the same level as fuckin gibraltar, 
  country music just isnt a thing outside the us, 
  i dont fucking get why they dont just put like a minimum star level depending on position ?? 
  like if its a winger make the minimum skills 3 * and just stop spawning 1 * skills players who the fuck cant do a ball roll, 
  underrated, 
  i work there and its heineken , john smith 's and bulmers . 
  you 're missing his point . 
  he 's saying that if the _ rich _ kids are also wearing scruffy clothes , it wo n't be normal to pick on poor children w scruffy clothes . 
  erm the middle east ? 
  yeah innit i get 2.4 for # 20 . 
  never heard of paying # 25 for any amount, 
  i do n't understand pure because it burns really badly in normal papers ? 
  you _ need _ the baccy to make it burn evenly . 
  i started playing total war at empire , and only learnt of the other games later on . 
  i now play all the other games after napleon , but heard so much about r : tw so the other day i bought it for # 5 . 
  the problem is i just ca n't ` get into ' it . 
  i do n't know , it just does n't seem enjoyable . 
  can anyone give me some inspiration or motivation to play it ? 
  i really want to enjoy it as much as everyone else . 
  i won the goty edition of civ v in a competition , but i already own the normal version . 
  is this little known?i have never seen anyone do it , and i only found out by spamming the buttons to see what happened . 
  also scrolling with the mouse wheel changes which soldier in that unit you are . 
  so if you did know this , treat my post as ` here are some cool screenshots ' . 
  this is best in shogun 2 's combat :, 
  the view is not the best as you can not see your hands , but it is still very awesome . 
  ~ ~ i believe it works from empire onwards , not in previous games ~ ~ pressing insert in games before empire let you follow the projectiles of the soldier , but do not put you at the viewpoint of it . 
  here are some screenshots from empire :, 
  sorry for the lack of empire images , so here is a man standing on a horse :, 
  edit : question : do you think this should be implemented more ? 
  and how ? 
  maybe in the future , control over a single soldier like how you control the cannon in fots could be implemented . 
  for me , russia never does anything on empire or napoleon , just sits there in its little bubble , occasionally raiding a trade route or two . 
  on the other hand , the marathas on empire and the french on napoleon always go mental and consume the world . 
  i am *** so *** sick of the people on the total war centre forums just complaining and complaining with little or no reason to , as if they are personally entitled to their ideas of the game being implemented , before even a release date . 
  i have recently started playing medieval 2 as scotland , conquered all of france and britain , and the pope called a crusade on morocco . 
  i immediately wanted to be in on the pope/christianity circlejerk so i sent my best army commanded by my fave general . 
  i got there , took it over and then every turn my soldiers deserted until the point where i had to sell it to the holy roman empire . 
  not cool , man . 
  why does this happen ? 
  as some of you may know , i have a running swedish napoleon campaign going on , and i have posted many parts here . 
  i am in the middle of having to revise , with other things , and so it has been * very * delayed . 
  i was going to make a part today , but it turns out i had uninstalled darthmod , so i am going to install it again and continue . 
  the next part should be up tomorrow . 
  thanks for reading . 
  ( disclaimer : i am talking about singleplayer ), 
  ** does anyone actually enjoy them ? 
  rome made me sick with the fact that moving troops in a defensive siege was a huge hassle , as the troops do n't do what i say, 
  medieval - do n't even get me started . 
  it was sickening , defending was a case of managing to get your troops to actually fucking move in the right direction so you could actually fight , and attacking was a chore . 
  empire - i would say empire is my favorite game . 
  i tend to play most battles . 
  has anyone played a siege on empire ( while attacking ) where you enjoyed it ? 
  it 's the worst siege mechanics out of all the games . 
  defending is so easy it 's laughable . 
  i put 4 garrison militia in each corner of the fort and watch the ai climb up the walls and run down to their deaths . 
  i once went to get dinner and left a siege going and i won . 
  napoleon - the same as empire except slightly better ai . 
  shogun ii - right , this is where it gets interesting . 
  shogun 's castles mean that archers rule the siege , and attacking one depends on just bringing more archers . 
  in singleplayer defense it is incredibly easy , and no more fun . 
  i really hope they somehow improve siege battles . 
  i autoresolve nearly every one , unless the odds are against me , in which case i just siege the defendant out . 
  anyway they 're just my views .
