  it is a must do if you get mount and blade . 
  what time is this in gmt ? 
  damn it . 
  thanks though . 
  same . 
  if i am staying up until god knows when , it 'd better be worth it . 
  they all think that . 
  on empire i had a similar experience . 
  the one cannon i had on my army managed to shoot the enemy general 's elephant , and the rest of his army just routed in the sight of my units . 
  what sort of issues ? 
  proud to be from the north west . 
  i do n't sorry . 
  try posting in on the total war center forums , you 'll get a larger response . 
  they are pirates , and not a ` broken faction ' . 
  because at the time , no country really ruled the barbary coast , so ca just made a faction that represented the combined peoples of the north african coast , who pirated and sold slaves to the ottoman empire . 
  i think it 's put there as a gameplay feature to give a good starting place for a foreign invasion . 
  and yes they are a bit messed up , as their diplomacy tends to be `` we 'll have peace for all of your money , great britain , even if you are the most powerful faction and could crush me at any given moment . '', 
  [ yes . ], 
  i am not personally in the brigade , but it is active . 
  [ 5th brigade rifles are always looking for new members , i am a corporal and we have quite a lot of active members . ], 
  ( http://forums.taleworlds.com/index.php/topic,224756.0.html ), 
  mouse direction . 
  i am in the regiment you are attacking !, 
  corporal of the 5brg rifles !, 
  chorley , lancashire , uk, 
  if i do n't recoil in horror or actually question what it is that i am looking at , then it does not belong in / r/wtf, 
  i do n't always go on advice animals , but when i do , all the posts are reposts . 
  he means that a grown man would go in a tantrum over a game . 
  his friends spent a long time fixing and making the chopper refueled and ready , and then he kills them and steals it just because he wanted to drive . 
  i wish this was true , * i * am honestly * hilarious * but i know a few other lefties that are not very funny . 
  infp, 
  okay . 
  looking good . 
  i 'd love to see this in the ork death pile at the other end of the table . 
  well , at least you have a really nicely painted model . 
  spain is his ally ? 
  i tend to read them in mancunian accents , makes them seem angry and depressed . 
  probably because they 're from manchester . 
  the accent varies wildly in every town , so there is no british accent , or let alone english accent . 
  john , dave , jack , tom , tim and joe ? 
  worth a guess . 
  i am so embarrassed that it happened in chorley , my home town . 
  i could really do with a seat, 
  dota 2 for skyrim , 
  you ca n't make a thread selling only dota 2 i just found out ; go here instead : http://www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/u0ipn/?sort=new&amp;limit=500, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/id/matthewrulez/ please i < 3 you, 
  i love how the guy edited his post lol, 
  portal 2 ? 
  sorry just got back from a film , i added you, 
  maybe , i will get back to you . 
  shop at tesco , they only put that stuff up in mid november . 
  he posts the video to twitter and the title is in the tweet . 
  i do n't know but the important question is do you even lift ? 
  ceebs explaining why i use ceebs, 
  then what is ? 
  seriously , all it is is content ? 
  nice one but do you even lift ????? 
  piety and rationalism ca n't be activated at the same time , can they ? 
  maybe they wanted peace and would have accepted it anyway , because you were destroying them . 
  i think op means that if you say are n't at war with france and are playing as britain , with a massive amount of income and the most powerful army/navy , can you threaten them for land or money because they are fearful . 
  the answer is no . 
  i can give you 3 dota 2 keys, 
  it 's 1789 in my empire game with only 4 major factions alive : russia , who own all their original holdings but nothing else , poland ( me ) , who own all of eastern europe and the middle east and have some american colonies , the marathas , who are busy owning all of india and * the caribbean * and spain who own western europe and the rest of america after they destroyed britain . 
  i never see them do anything either . 
  they are the only faction that is allied to everyone and is friendly to me , the powerful spanish-russian-italian alliance is looking for any chance to crush me from both sides , so keeping the smug bastards neutral until the spaniards are crushed is what i aim to do . 
  they are always destroyed in the first turn for me . 
  same with me , westphalia always go wild in the mid-game, 
  well , religion gives a bonus to certain aspects of a civilization , like added culture , gold or science . 
  that 's how it helps . 
  yeah as someone else said these men behind him are french napoleonic soldiers . 
  definitely not american or british troops . 
  [ nazis slaughter tens of thousands of jews , gays , political opponents and other non-german minorities while national socialists look on . 
  stalin sure was n't a jew . 
  i 'd have a monument dedicated to the red army , for the miracle that was beating the nazis on the eastern front , especially in stalingrad . 
  there 's laws in the uk against anti-semitic prejudice , as there is against racism . 
  david cameron is not jewish . 
  but arguing with a neo-nazi is like arguing to a child , just spurting out communist and jew at every instance . 
  i ca n't be bothered . 
  well then write your dates correctly , you fools . 
  dd/mm/yyyy ? 
  i do n't know what you mean ? 
  the arrangement in the uk at least is d/m/y and in the usa it 's m/d/y , what are you saying ? 
  i always get very emotionally attached to militia units in etw , the combination of them being normal citizens and that they are fighting for their safety always makes me sad when they are killed . 
  by the way which faction are you playing as here ? 
  343 victories - company that made halo 4 is 343 industries, 
  1.17 k/d - the master chief 's number is 117, 
  i think it is something to do with them supposedly eating frog 's legs , idk . 
  cool , but the apostrophe made me wince . 
  yeah fuck the system, 
  welcome to the north-east, 
  ( from wikipedia ) `` on 29 june 2012 , it was announced by the bbc , that outnumbered was to be commissioned for a christmas special in 2012 , and a fifth series in 2013 '', 
  why do you do what they want - the man wants you to do that - the system tells you to, 
  so fucking brave, 
  why the fuck would you repost the same thing the same day as the original hit the front page ? 
  i do n't think the cat is being mistreated in any way . 
  it 's fine , the owners take cute pictures of it and the cat gets cuddled a lot . 
  win-win . 
  agreed this particular usage is ` wrong ' , but your definition of this meme is not what this has evolved to be . 
  is n't it meant to represent the often random thoughts that go through people 's heads ? 
  such as the famous `` i should buy a boat '' ?
