  i am from western europe . 
  it does surprise me that people on reddit are actively calling for a genocide of a people . 
  depends what you class as `` famous '' . 
  there are lesser-known commentators like theprussianprince and zaript etc that are really good at multiplayer . 
  but volound is my favourite and is probably one of the best , he 's brilliant at campaign and he did really well on that rome ii tournament ages ago , and only lost because iirc his opponent made a stupid noob box formation . 
  this is clearly a satire of the actual princeofmacedon , who thinks himself among the gods for being an above average player at the original rome . 
  south vietnamese ? 
  season 4 , not season 3 . 
   2 ) problems must apply specifically to brits , complaints about america and other nations do n't count . 
  also , if your post is about social awkwardness , it most likely is n't a british problem . 
  try / r/firstworldproblems instead . 
  imo they 've only been done really well in rome and medieval ii . 
  but they 're not `` broken '' . 
  i 'm going to need a source . 
  you know why . 
  thx 4 all the help, 
  if there 's a particularly faith-based neighbouring civ that keeps spamming great prophets , i 'll usually divert faith from pagodas/great people to get a few inquisitors to stop the converting of my cities . 
  to be honest , i 'd forgotten . 
  but yeah they 're good in shogun , like almost everything . 
  put a ' \\ ' before the hashtag to make it work, 
  pretty sure the plural of deer is deer, 
  i sometimes play wide with tradition . 
  imo the growth benefits of tradition allow you to build a settler quicker than you would get a free one from liberty anyway . 
  the only way to have a co-op campaign on napoleon is to play the peninsula campaign , and even then you must fight each other . 
  if you want a good co-op total war , where you can gift each other units , and the objectives are co-op , you want shogun ii , or if you 're feeling lucky , rome ii . 
  do n't you call it hay fever ? 
  or is that a british thing . 
  anyway , i know that feel . 
  who is making you ? 
  you do n't have to watch it . 
  is it catholics/protestants or there abouts ? 
  as in spain and france double teaming europe ? 
  because it may be the war of the spanish succession . 
  slavery was also legal . 
  good thing hitler was not a clever strategist, 
  \\ #rekt, 
  and people complained about realm divide in shogun ii . 
  none of the civ games could be compared to each other like that . 
  saying v is just iv with `` minor changes '' and better graphics is ridiculous . 
  research labs are n't top priority ? 
  they 're the best building in the game hands down . 
  * that science *, 
  i agree with you . 
  i mean i 'd have enjoyed it so much more if there was at least a few minutes spent with dany , arya , brienne , sansa or whoever . 
  they happen in set times , eg . 
  every 8 hours . 
  a large-enough greek city-state , out of the minds of conquerors . 
  assuming i am quite wealthy and rome has already taken over of course . 
  i 'm interested !, 
  pretty sure there 's a few books in most primary schools that promote stoning . 
  tag your post as either shogun ii or rome ii , do n't assume that people know what game you mean . 
  or at least *** mention *** it once . 
  for shogun , good factions are hojo-takeda , uesugi-takeda , shimazu-chosokabe . 
  really anyone close . 
  on rome , i 've played athens/sparta , and epirus/seleucids . 
  but as above , anything close is good . 
  yes , but it 's new to rome that when a faction is killed - as in all the cities are taken - the armies stay out on the field , the agents walk around and they still can conduct diplomacy . 
  it 's rather silly . 
  it should just be a rebel army , and people should desert in great numbers . 
   choosed, 
   30fps is not a problem, 
  even if there was n't a massive difference between 30 and say 60fps , it 's ridiculous that we should not be able to run a game as well as our hardware allows . 
  why are people writing brasil , not brazil ? 
  unless you 're portuguese of course . 
  it 's spelt deutschland in germany but you do n't say deutschland . 
  same thing !, 
  edit : fixed by deleting battle_preferences folder in appdata/roaming/the creative assembly/rome2, 
  spelt is english . 
  american english ( the wrong english ) does n't use it . 
  exactly ? 
  that 's why i used it . 
  what are you saying ? 
  just search `` time commanders '' to see how many times a variation of this post has been posted . 
  is n't it spelt macedonia ? 
  get a mod to remove most of it . 
  imo it 's broken . 
  no one ever speaks like that tho, 
  what mods are you using ? 
  i 'll take you up on that, 
  which adds to my suspicion that radious is made by 12 year olds, 
  let 's fucking go right now then , you chinese fucks, 
  basically a successful general would get a `` triumph '' where they 'd ride through rome like it 's their wedding . 
  i do n't know how it works in rome ii though . 
  what mods are you using ? 
  so saying the rome ii ai is broken is a circle jerk ? 
  have you seen the video with him speaking about how good the siege ai is ? 
  do n't buy it , not until it 's on daily or flash sale . 
  ca are wrong to advertise buying it on facebook . 
  settings on ultra and a few on very high , getting at least 60fps , and it goes very high sometimes . 
  do n't buy it now , wait until rome ii is on a daily sale . 
  it 'll be cheaper . 
  your phone did n't have sterling ? 
  that 's a real word . 
  wait until it 's on sale before you buy it . 
  its *, 
  does n't cav completely obliterate loan swords ? 
  light cav is shit against pretty much everything . 
  yari cav would do the job . 
  we 're releasing the game in 2 days and we have n't implemented diplomatic relations colours ! '', 
  `` do n't worry , i 'll just fuckin ' go on ms paint and use the fill tool , it 'll be alright '',
