  also , what country has ever ** not ** claimed an invasion/war was for the greater good ? 
  `` yeah guys sorry for that wwi shit i know a lot of you died , bit pointless in the end anyway lol '', 
  that 's what my family keep telling me, 
  you say `` environmentalist '' like that 's a bad thing, 
  no one will represent the views that you hold though . 
  you need to find a party that represents more views of yours than all the others . 
   you really believe a muslim majority would be tolerant of churches/temples and peoples of other faiths ? 
  yes, 
   muslim majority, 
  do n't get ahead of yourself m8 , they 've got to get another 48 % of us to convert first, 
  / r/ukpolitics is a constant battle between the racist left and the racist right, 
  no way !, 
  young middle-class reddit users not being representative of the general population ? 
  well i never ... 
  the firearm was found a short distance away , over a fence , when they shot him . 
  at least that 's what i was told in my a-level law lesson a few weeks ago . 
  i think you 're right . 
  however in english law the jury is told that if a person * believes * that their life is in danger then it is a lawful killing . 
  so it does n't matter . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it 's our duty to help less - shall we say fortunate - nations . 
  what else are our armed forces for ? 
  they are payed for by the taxpayer and currently are not doing anything . 
  it 's their job to help . 
  so you think it 's wrong that you should be allowed to defend yourself if you have a genuine belief that your life is in danger ? 
  he believed he had the gun . 
  so he shot . 
  he had what , half a second to make up his mind before he was possibly killed ? 
  you ca n't on current gen/pc, 
  nononono all those people are shills that have infiltrated / r/conspiracy to make it look stupid so no-one believes the truth !, 
  pretty sure hitler did in fact hate the jews though, 
  \\  russian league, 
  \\  no doumbia or musa, 
  greece nt away ( the all blue one ) is ground-breakingly sexy, 
  got to admit though , it 's all our guilty pleasure to play with a squad like this . 
  let the sweat run through you . 
  as an english person , reading about how some of you * have drills to deal with gunmen in schools * is quite depressing, 
  yeah , i get this , people called like `` javi silva yong woo '' from spain, 
  it gets close in the nou camp , but real madrid 's stadium has a capacity of like 80k, 
  pretty sure they achieved that stat years ago when safety regulations were n't as stringent . 
  but yeah i was kinda calling you out on the `` every '' . 
  like a real life neckbeard except * physically * attacked christians . 
  i just click a random part of the map and it zooms to my character . 
  i use space to pause it immediately . 
  how high is high rtr ? 
  i am getting real fuckin ' sick of king harlaus declaring war on everyone and me as his marshal trying to clean it all up . 
  not really , my fifa folder has a folder called 0 but in it are folders called random numbers and letters . 
  definitely not like the saves for 14 , which were called `` career 20140924170504 #real sociedad '' etc, 
  link in the description, 
  it * had * to be wigan , did n't it . 
  not even joking that is me in real life, 
  cuadrado looks like such a fucking paedophile, 
  how does speaking in a liverpool accent make your english `` terrible '' ? 
  not if you 're from england . 
  even if it is hard to understand it does n't mean it 's bad english . 
  it 's an accent . 
  not everyone here speaks like the queen . 
  regens or youth ? 
  nah mate that 's just how trees look in japan, 
  i sim lots of home games and play most away . 
  4 or 5 minute halves , world class . 
  biggest change from professional to world class is possession . 
  just keep possession against the computer under all circumstances . 
  it gets confused . 
  i was playing as derby county , who admittedly are one of ( if not ) the best sides in the championship , and i drew chelsea in the fa cup r16 . 
  so i changed my tactics , to defensive and counter attacking . 
  i kept possession . 
  they had one shot in the entire game , and it was off target . 
  i had 12 shots , 11 on target and i won 6-0 . 
  this is on world class . 
  i was so proud . 
  need that book yo, 
  i bought fifa 15 for # 25 , and it 's probably my favourite game at the moment . 
  also picked up portal and portal 2 for # 3 . 
  so there 's 2 incredible aaa games . 
  my point is not that we are n't experience lots of amazing indie games on pc , but that the future of pc gaming is bright if you also look at aaa releases . 
  on world class , in my first season as manager of derby , i drew chelsea in the fa cup r16 . 
  i beat them 6-0 . 
  i could n't even beat a league 2 team 6-0 !, 
  got de gea . 
  pretty pleased . 
  nick frost was good , was n't he . 
  ah well , at least the episode was enjoyable , even though i could see everything a mile off and the special effects were out of the 80s . 
  anything 's better than last year 's special . 
  deeeep , dude, 
  the french did n't want germany to fucking * invade them * . 
  same with belgium . 
  \\  social based app, 
  \\  `` decreased social skills '', 
  which was last years ? 
  i 'm thinking about the one with those fuckin ' trees and shit, 
  oh right , forgot about that . 
  thanks . 
  in fairness , there are a lot more indian fifa players than icelandic/croatian etc. 
  but i 'd love to play as iceland , so many good players . 
  i know right , he looks brill, 
  turkey is never going to make it out of their qualifying group if iceland keep up their form . 
  though i reckon wales might scrape through . 
   making you 're team, 
  making you are team ?
