  leaving 4.9 hours of the day not on civ . 
  it 's perfect for what it is : a sandbox of civilization making . 
  not a history replicator . 
  or left it on while getting food or going out etc. 
  you fucking moron, 
  it 's ironic because this itself is a repost . 
  this is posted every week with a different nationality in front of `` spiderman '', 
  it 's ww2 : it 's in a desert and nazis, 
  the farms and trading posts etc can only be used if you have a citizen working on them ... 
  well it 's because he is a samurai , and it 's all about being noble and gracious . 
  i want to die when i see that ad on telly, 
  i know !, 
  and then i give up and just adjust my pc volume , but then i forget that i 'd done that and so i find myself confused at why everything is so quiet . 
  what difficulty is this on ? 
  nice gdp and i am guessing you do n't really care about happiness . 
  because it 's pretty important point in history . 
  it has changed the world , and basically lead on to most western countries getting involved in the middle east . 
  i would rank it in probably the top 100 most important events in history . 
  res also does n't allow the ability to look at images without going on to the link with steam community, 
  jesus , if you sound thick when compared to a scouser or just about anyone from up north , you must have a shit life, 
  maybe it 's because over here , we never see the sun . 
  just god damn grey sky all year, 
  how many british people do you know . 
  i bet it is n't even 0.01 % of the population . 
  it 's like me going `` well i saw this one american girl , she was kind of fat , all american people are fat '', 
  so you admit to completely generalizing the population ? 
  woah dude nsfw, 
  as an australian , cunt, 
  over 1000 hours in all total war games , 450 in shogun and 400 in empire and napoleon . 
  the rest is divided between m2 and rtw, 
  has it been announced who 's doing the music for rome 2 ? 
  i heard the guy who composed for shogun was n't doing it . 
  wwi . 
  if you give any thought into how it would play , you would give up on the idea . 
  total war games are about idyllic battles and expansion , not sitting in a trench for literally 4 years in the same place in belgium and occasionally charge our troops at the enemy , literally to watch them be mowed down by gunfire while in the meantime spend the rest of the game watching artillery slowly whittle away at your troops . 
  i see this suggested all the time , and i challenge anyone to actually explain how the hell this ( or any war post-mid-1800s ) would work in terms of gameplay and actually enjoy-ability . 
  mate mate mate cunt mate mate, 
  well our 's is the shittest national anthem in the world . 
  ^ i ^ prefer ^ france 's, 
  not to their face , we do n't want them to know our weaknesses , but ours sounds like a grade 1 recorder piece and theirs sounds like a song to march to war with . 
  i mean , people , just do a little research . 
  i hate to be a dick , but the french have a pretty good military track record . 
  and by pretty good , they basically kicked the shit out of us for hundreds of years . 
  empire , playing as poland . 
  that moment when i realized i had just managed to wipe out the triple alliance of prussia , austria and russia was so satisfying . 
  then i went on to killing the ottomans , the british and then onto america . 
  how do we know when rome 2 will start ? 
  if you have the spare money just lying around doing nothing , sure . 
  if it 's not a priority , imo it 's not really that good . 
  yeah but then there 's no more sweet , sweet karma, 
  when is the game 's start date ? 
  where does it say that ? 
  we know relatively nothing about the game but people are already fucking reviewing it, 
  empire 2, 
  judging by faction spread , it looks like one will have to be an eastern faction like you say, 
  easy , just call bruce willis again . 
  once the pope for me was milanese , and i was attacking milan . 
  he forbid me from attacking but milan was free to attack me - . -, 
  the pope can suck my dick though , as soon as the 5 turns were over i took over milan 's last three settlements in 2 turns , wiping those italian bastards off the planet . 
  how does it fare if the enemy brings a lot of cavalry and simply outmaneuvers your guns ? 
  or i 'm guessing the ai just walks slowly towards you from the front ... 
  seeing as how the uk , germany and france also denounced nk , i think you 'd have international support . 
  and iraq and afganistan is n't all you , it also involves france and the uk in large roles , who love america . 
  hey , i never said i personally agreed . 
  if i could choose it would be egypt and parthia . 
  if i could guess it would be egypt and the seleucid empire, 
  stop doing that !, 
  people are getting really upset that one random guy behind a screen does n't like their comedy !, 
  it 's really mean . 
  what the hell is a uk accent ? 
  i am from the uk . 
  what i am saying is what the hell is a uk accent . 
  that 's like saying there 's a european accent . 
  where do you live ? 
  i live in lancashire and always hear manc and scouse accents , along with the regional accent of my home town , and they all sound way different , and are insanely different to the accents of people from down south . 
  not to mention the welsh , the scottish and the irish people that come along with saying a uk accent . 
  but i do n't want to sound like a twat as i probably would n't notice many different american accents . 
  that 's not true , at least not to me - i started playing multiplayer the other week with the basic armies of just ashigaru , and because of the vast amount of troops i was able to field , i was able to win quite a number of battles . 
  now i still field purely loan swords when attacking a seige battle . 
  61 fucking pence for a pack of magic stars, 
  it 's worse when `` totes '' starts to become part of your vocabulary purely because you and your friends started saying it to parody the people that actually say it . . 
  we ca n't say anything , do n't want to seem rude, 
  there is no breach ? 
  it 's a lot more of a strategy game than total war . 
  the entire of just cause 2, 
  should n't you be saying arma rather than day z ? 
  multiplayers is n't even a word, 
  bitch you 're not playing trombone right if it 's easier than playing a valved brass instrument, 
  a new influx of new people awaits, 
  you 're everywhere, 
  empire because it 's the best, 
  i do n't think that 's how you 're meant to sing, 
  it 's a massive scam set out by card companies to boost sales . 
  in a few years , when you are around 13 , you 'll look back at this and `` oh god why '', 
  oh shit man, 
  the only reason you would post this here is if you wanted upvotes from people agreeing with the post . 
  the irony . 
  damn guys you are right . 
  ah well, 
  you cant do a wwi total war we 've been through this,
