  construction of the great wall did n't happen in one year , it happened over like a thousand , so no . 
   north asians crossing the bering land bridge or se asians sailing from what is now indonesia through polynesia to central america ,, 
  again , pretty sure this is before the tree 's time, 
   the first nations of the americas , the iroquois nations , aztec , incan , and mayan empires , java man , maori established kingdoms across the pacific islands, 
  no specific dates . 
  they do n't put `` germany '' or `` russia '' on the tree dates either . 
   attila and genghis kahn ,, 
  is atilla * really * that important ? 
  genghis , sure , but you 'd still need to put one year . 
  well because in other countries , there 's only really one answer to that question : football . 
  i see . 
  though from my experience ( in the uk ) not many people know about native american tribes like the iroquois etc. 
  best things i 've ever listened to . 
  i love the really long ones , wrath of the khans and ghosts of the ostfront etc. 
  just look at the stats for the players , and then wonder how the fuck they are 2 star rated . 
  i want them to try and invade again . 
  just try . 
  hbo rome 's antony was easily my favourite character . 
  how could you not root for him ? 
  he was so fucking awesome . 
  some words , like ` london ' , where very well pronounced . 
  no , just more military men would be rulers . 
  do you play gsgs for realism ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  what about if someone wanted to post a video that was a one-off , or not a let 's play/multiplayer battle ? 
  i 've posted 2 videos here , but i doubt under your new proposed regulations i would be able to , since i have 30 subscribers ** because ** i do n't use my channel to post videos regularly . 
  just watch match of the day every week , and you can basically bullshit your way through most conversations if you know a few people 's names . 
  do san marino win games ? 
  mate , you do realise that it 's not just australians that make extensive use of the word `` mate '' . 
  how can anyone hate their first album ? 
  it 's absolutely amazing . 
  i am not a big fan of any of their later stuff , but just listen to a certain romance or when the sun goes down . 
  we do n't . 
  at least everyone i 've ever met in lancashire . 
  are people from alsace french-german-french-german-french ? 
  pull a skill move and it instantly pops up, 
  yep that 's happened to me twice . 
  the keeper should have been sent off . 
  a racist pretentious arse, 
  africa 's uncolonised , better to win the race early . 
  well it kinda did for a while, 
  also they invaded in summer . 
  there are some great songs now in the top 40 ( at least in the uk ) . 
  y' all need to lighten up . 
  there 's not air conditioning in buildings in the uk . 
  hottest it gets on average is like 24c, 
  more like this for me :, 
  i do n't go into many buildings apart from homes and college . 
  by most buildings , what do you mean ? 
  offices ? 
  having done history in england recently , for me high school was saxons , vikings , 1066 , a bit about the tudors , and then the gcse syllabus , which for me was :, 
  america 1920-1939, 
  germany 1930s, 
  causes of wwi, 
  why 's that ` wow ' ? 
  we did about the `` roaring 20s '' which was mainly about racism , and then the wall street crash in 1929 and the great depression . 
  the big exam question about the 30s was `` was the ` new deal ' a success ? '', 
  well literally `` 1930s america '' was about the depression , which is a pretty huge event in world history . 
  forgot about the uk ? 
  the price here is # 9000 a year . 
  it is natural though . 
  it occurs in many species , not just humans , and more importantly , if it was n't natural - are you saying gay people choose to be gay ? 
  both hitler and napoleon invaded in summer though, 
  those workrates and stamina though . 
  shame . 
  that might just be the most american headline i 've ever seen . 
  roma is amazing , so many young prospects . 
  which most of the time would be the striker/winger , so it would n't really make much of a difference to players like ronaldo . 
  also , what about handballs ? 
  did you jizz on it ? 
  who the fuck puts butter on tortillas, 
  they need to fix the goalkeepers and the collisions . 
  i 've tried doing the same thing as you , and i ca n't find a way to put a swedish team in . 
  where ? 
  in the arena as far as i can see you can only 1v1 or take free kicks . 
  yeah they 've removed it . 
  but it still leaves the question of how this guy did it . 
  this is really not appropriate for this sub . 
  this is a couple of extremists . 
  how is this `` rage '' . 
  it 's not murder in the uk unless there was definite intent to kill . 
  how ? 
  how ? 
  arena has no options apart from `` switch sides '', 
  but i 've seen people use custom corners in fifa 15 ut, 
  $ 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 offer for jack wilshere from bayern munich . 
  no one speaks like that . 
  which is n't as effective . 
  i think the colonies pronounce puma and tube as pooma and toob, 
  really ? 
  i swear i 've heard americans on tv and movies say `` toob '' . 
  maybe it 's regional ? 
  it 's a joke mate . 
  also nike is meant to be pronounced nik-ee , and the people who pronounce it wrong are just wrong . 
  is n't that the point of this subreddit ? 
   you ever been to a gathering of europeans of any flavor in the states ? 
  or how about the eastern european tourists who lit up cigarette about the table behind me and my wife ? 
  portugal had a non-violent revolution . 
  the uk to france :, 
  military alliance,
