  i ca n't be bothered anymore . 
  if you 're not going to actually give real points and/or argue like a normal person , i refuse to reply again . 
  next time , answer the questions i ask . 
  it 's all about your personal interest . 
  if you like rome , go with rome . 
  if you like the medieval era , well go with medieval ii . 
  if you like 1700-1800 era , go with empire . 
  if you like the napoleonic wars , go with napoleon . 
  if you like samurai and shit like that go with shogun ii . 
  that 's because i have an army that costs 200000 a turn to upkeep . 
  i have never experienced a problem , aside from when using darthmod like this guy . 
  you ca n't blame the game for the mod . 
  probably rome first , then go to the suebi . 
  i 'll tell you this - i never used boats apart from transport , and never once fought a naval battle . 
  yes , for both . 
  [ empire ] ( http://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?1126-darthmod-empire ) and [ napoleon ] ( http://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?1824-darthmod-napoleon ), 
   should comprise 25 % of your army . 
  more like 65 %, 
  at tiny unit size you have 40 men a line iirc . 
  so yeah , he 's got that on ... 
  just remember . 
  * 1 general, 
  * 12 line infantry, 
  * 2 cannons, 
  * 2 howitzers, 
  perfect army setup . 
  you can of course change it depending on how you play , but this works best for me . 
  heavy cavalry is a hell of a better choice for western armies than lancers or light cavalry , and can actually put up a fight , but my 3 cavalry usually consists of 2 of the strongest cavalry i can field and 1 of either a fast hussar unit or a mounted bow/gunner to take out artillery . 
  napoleon 's biggest campaign is the campaigns of the coalition or the other one with france ( europe campaign ? ), 
  and these only include the map of europe , cutting off at istanbul . 
  you 're going to waiting a very long time for that annoncement, 
  can i ask , you say the barrage eliminated a full unit of guards , when there seems to be only one enemy unit , a general 's bodyguard . 
  my mistake, 
  all of the factions have been announced , none of them are the seleucids . 
  yes , i guess it stems from his username, 
  british marines are the middle ground , so are n't as fast as the french but not a brutal as the americans , but it 's the special ship that makes them, 
  oh , horse guards !, 
  i thought you were talking about the line infantry guards . 
  very common darthmod glitch . 
  i swear that unit is a unit of horses - small unit size , white ( horse guards have white horses ) and that 's why . 
  i am still having trouble seeing them as infantry !, 
  hmm yes , i thought something may be amiss with my strategy . 
  me and my friend , both called matt . 
  yeah . 
  why , what does it say ? 
  it 's mediocre face painting , but it is n't fucking wtf material, 
  there was a comment that just said `` getting high ? 
  on what , an aeroplane ? '', 
  or something very similar . 
  glad he cleared it up though . 
  in his defense , he did n't mention * specifically * rome , so that argument still makes sense . 
   if you can tolerate empire - which most people consider the buggiest tw, 
  have you played empire recently ? 
  i 've experienced near to no bugs ( pretty awful ai , but no worse than the others ) and at least you can *** fucking tab out *** without it crashing unlike rome . 
  on the campaign , right click your units them there is a name bar at the top . 
  only on empire and napoleon . 
  yeah , i do . 
  it 's not me , it happens to everyone i know too . 
  have you ever pressed `` insert '' while you have a unit selected on napoleon or shogun ii ? 
  only on rome and medieval 2, 
  but they are endlessly more complex , to the point where my brain hurts when i try to play, 
  how does that have anything to do with this ? 
  no , to merge depleted units to create a replenished one, 
  should 've put `` infantry '' rather than line infantry . 
  4 rifles should do , but if you do n't have them yet , 2 light infantry should suit your needs . 
  or do what i do know , and play games that i like, 
  in terms of factions ? 
  * m2tw : my least favorite and played , but scotland because of the family names, 
  * etw : in the campaign , the best is poland . 
  no doubt . 
  but in terms of units , france . 
  * ntw : well , france is an obvious choice . 
  * fall of the samurai : satsuma, 
  i do n't like it much . 
  i am really not into the era , i much prefer empire ( it is my favorite ) 's era . 
  also i do n't really like the engine , the units seem to be very unresponsive and the campaign map i do n't like . 
  but it 's mainly the fact i have never been engaged by the medieval era , i do n't find it that interesting . 
  the worst ones are the passive aggressive ai who take your target province a turn before you and just sit there like `` well fuck you , you ca n't do anything '', 
  usually there are lots of each game posts , but if you want to discuss * anything * just make a topic and loads of cool people will contribute . 
  i 'd say there is a large percentage of people here who 's favorite game is either rome or empire though ( empire fanboy here :d ), 
  [ here is our steam group ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/groups/reddittw ) but it 's rarely used - should be though ... 
  if it is true , i am so happy it 's independent greek states . 
  it 'd be more about diplomacy and trade , hopefully , and slowly uniting greece under one banner . 
  i think the first idea is n't great , as - you said yourself - total war should be about forging your own path , so why should your armies be dictated by what the game wants it to be made of . 
  having core units would make fighting different factions harder - for example if you are fighting horse archers as germania , you do n't want to have half of your army as axemen because you were forced to . 
  the way to stop elite spam is as always , upkeep costs , and maybe unit capping . 
  your second idea is better though , i prefer having freedom - but i never adhere to those rules anyway :p, 
  he deleted his comment before i replied , but here is what i wanted to say :, 
  the game has entered a stage of development where they ca n't just add major parts in . 
  it 's now about fine tuning it before release . 
  why are you complaining ? 
  if you ca n't afford it ( no doubt it 'll be under # 10 anyway ) then do n't buy it . 
  the only thing that could bring the two greatest rivals in europe together was the dutch . 
  you have to congratulate them . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't adhere to it . 
  simple . 
  you can get it from amazon.co.uk for # 29.99 , but it 's a dvd, 
  from the steam page :, 
   plan your conquest of the known world in a massive sandbox turn-based campaign mode ( supporting additional 2-player cooperative & competitive modes ), 
  so yeah , it 's 2 player .
