  germany is easily the best team in the game . 
  so many fucking filthy players . 
  too many midfielders to count , a collection of the best cbs in the game and some fucking disturbing long shot takers . 
  their only real missing person is a st , but who needs that when you have muller , gotze and reus ? 
  hamburger, 
  get a better cb than martinez - hummels or benatia would do . 
  his pace sucks so you 'll be constantly caught out by any half-decent through ball . 
  some lm suggestions : cazorla , nasri , eriksen and schurrle . 
  some might be a bit too expensive though . 
  joe hart to go with the whole english thing, 
  none of the goalkeepers in this game are any good . 
  they all seem to have brain damage . 
  i have n't tried joe , but do n't you feel not having an english gk ruins your squad ? 
  you could also try forster . 
  yeah , was going to suggest it but he 's going for a bit more than 10k atm, 
  smart and cynical move by ca . 
  now people will pre-order who said before that they would n't because of rome ii . 
  please do n't pre-order . 
  almost as if they signed the treaty in an area shown on the map !, 
  seriously though , who * does n't * know about the battle of verdun ? 
  rome ii was based off the shogun ii engine , which was bug-free . 
  that worked out well . 
  where 's the `` art '' ? 
  it 's literally just a 10 minute photoshop job with stolen images . 
  definitely the uk . 
  forgot doumbia, 
  i ** literally ** got aids from this . 
  literally . 
  could n't be more right, 
  yes it is in career . 
  you have to unlock the customise player function first on easfc or whatever , but once you can change the boots of your players you can change the shirt tightness . 
  not true at all . 
  mirror your own face and you 'll barely recognise it . 
  not really ironic, 
  it already has . 
   this is paradox interactive level of depth . 
  a family tree and retainers ? 
  of all the times not to have any money , the week when all these ssds i want are on sale . 
  there are so many good ones !, 
  and no one can dislike fairytale of new york . 
  no one, 
  or maybe a much simpler answer is the bbc did n't want the 6 o'clock tea-time news where kids will be watching to include pictures of dead people . 
  `` with all things being equal , the simplest explanation tends to be the right one . '', 
  see ? 
  i can quote things too, 
  have n't you heard of -- ? 
  he 's a cambridge utd legend mate, 
  how much of a hassle is it really ? 
  i mean , surely it 's more hassle to write the word repeat than it is to click one button, 
  that is the best song by far though . 
  agree with this . 
  what is he , 82 rated ? 
  plays better than lloris or fucking casillas . 
  origin : matthpr, 
  can i join ? 
  uk based , not played much pro clubs because i do n't have friends who have pc fifa . 
  origin : matthpr, 
  i had an irish player who in `` did n't like the country , food and culture '' if england . 
  also he said the weather was bad . 
  but in ireland it 's better ? 
  50 pace on cbs is like asking for the ibarbos and doumbias of the world to score against you . 
  why suarez at cam but messi at st ? 
  why any of this team, 
  yep , hammersmith apollo . 
  reichstep contributes to that . 
  who the fuck made it ? 
  i would love to join !, 
  matthpr is my origin id , if you ca n't find it for some reason just pm me on reddit, 
  damn nature u scary, 
  i think it 's synonymous with `` butthurt '', 
  is n't dignitas that clinic for euthanasia in switzerland ? 
  spenfc is easily the best fut youtuber . 
  combination of being genuinely funny/witty , a likeable person , good well-produced concepts and videos , and being good at fifa . 
  i 'll tell her tonight . 
   thank 's, 
  castan has been my best player for my serie a squad . 
  better than barzagli and chiellini , who each cost me twice as much . 
  ever played fut pc ? 
  players are twice as expensive and coins are twice as cheap - everyone is buying coins and price fixing is rampant because of the smaller amount of players . 
  i do n't blame him for buying coins . 
  not really . 
  but do n't , ruins the fun . 
  i 'd play 3 at the back for serie a , just saying . 
  get in more of those tasty italian midfielders . 
  is this the first ever pc giveaway ? 
  i 'm in, 
  has to be tadic , does n't it ? 
  anyone that plays fifa - which i reckon is more than 20 % of this sub - know tielemans . 
  it * has * back fired a few times . 
  never said it was n't . 
  but great to see downvotes for stating facts . 
  he went out and tried to punch the ball against i think monchengladbach , and missed . 
  they scored . 
  the entire fourth series ? 
  what ? 
  in our class in the uk the teachers would set fire to things , make explosions etc. 
  this was a few years ago . 
   do n't follow fashion or watch tv , it 's a waste of time and money . 
  if you enjoy something , how is that a `` waste of time '' ? 
  i do n't see the point of this at all , like , what are they actually trying to say ?
