  so keep that in mind . 
  the best strategy i think for king/emperor is to keep tall , say 4 cities , and turtle up . 
  once you 're comfortable with doing that , then you can mess around with lots of cities , warfare and stuff . 
  also , remember that even if the ai has more troops , you can still win a war pretty easily , because the ai is hopeless at military strategy . 
  population of scotland : 5.2 million, 
  population of the usa : 313 million, 
  therefore americans are 60x stronger than the scottish . 
  well i ca n't say anything about the sausage rolls , but the pies and pasties are utter shite . 
  well after marrying your daimyo 's son , she is his daughter . 
  i wonder how this will pan out on multiplayer, 
  england - longbows and navies . 
  exactly what england is . 
  the town names annoy me though . 
  edit : forgot to mention james bond, 
  every science building should be built asap , especially possibly the most important building , research labs . 
  well i think his clash theme stems from [ kasbahs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj9r8lmu9bq ), 
   one of the first modern democracies, 
  if you 're calling the us in the first half of its existence a democracy , then it was beaten by a hundred years or so by england/the uk, 
   real life it 's has never led an invasion into another country 's land . 
  chinese history is one of hundreds of wars . 
  china for most of its history was not the united country we think of today . 
  you 're ... carthaginian ? 
  london , york , nottingham , hastings ? 
  a tiny little village that no-one 's heard of . 
  then there 's loads of tiny villages that just are n't a thing , with birmingham , england 's second biggest city , at city 17 . 
  manchester is 22nd !, 
  no one 's ever going to see them . 
  capitals, 
  capitals, 
  i like polynesia , because starting on hawaii gives you free reign over all of the pacific , including australia . 
  however i 've got to say the shoshone are good , as you start next to at least 2 wonders . 
  the worst ? 
  england , rome , portugal and some others all get squeezed by other civs leaving no room to expand . 
  yep , the entire population of the sub , 75 000 , upvoted this guy to show that they feel the same way . 
  til - 4 upvotes means the whole subreddit agrees with one user, 
  why is ukip not getting capital letters any more ? 
  it 's an acronym for god 's sake . 
  oh yes , forgot about the netherlands , they have a shite start . 
  it was +4 when i commented , 9 minutes after you . 
  the only guys throwing meaningless generalities are the guys supporting rommel , the 1 user who actually says he was *** a nazi *** gets downvoted on his post with sources , and then made a badhistory post . 
  i actually love braveheart , if you think of it as a fantasy film . 
  [ i got this on the day the world was meant to end ] ( http://i.imgur.com/axlte1n.png ), 
  it 's happening , it 's been happening for a while now , so it 's best just to move on and deal with it . 
  i wo n't be pre-ordering , the current bonuses do n't really excite me , but so what if people want to . 
  if it 's shit ( which i highly doubt a triple-a ubisoft title to really be ) , then they should n't have pre-ordered . 
  it 's a very good fps . 
  the story , in my opinion , went downhill from the beginning , but the solid shooting and awesome open world made it my favourite game of 2012 . 
  i sometimes just play it for the poker simulation mini-game . 
  ~ ~ so you want a circle round the whole fucking image ? ~ ~, 
  wrote this when i 'd just woken up, 
  all i am showing is the triple flood plains river system my friend had going , along with the wheat . 
  it 's an amazing city . 
  we were playing multiplayer , and this is my friend 's city . 
  well alexander had founded about 20 cities , and i had a few as japan . 
  there used to be the mayans and america , but they died . 
  sorry , it 's the city location - triple floodplains along with 6 workable wheat . 
  the production would have been shit though , but then my friend got hydro plants . 
  this was a bug that was in the game in september last year . 
  so props to ca for fixing it . 
  the battles are the reason i play total war !, 
  well , the fact it 's your own battles , and they make a difference on the campaign . 
  if i wanted to play just the campaign , i 'd go on crusader kings ii , eu4 or victoria ii . 
  yeah , i will probably be playing with my friends soon . 
  i like it . 
  might give it a go . 
  why is the 35 slot not a good choice ? 
  it 's the biggest one . 
  this would be awesome, 
  yeah , sure , the colour coding , but is it that much effort to read the titles that start maybe half a centimetre more or less from the margin ? 
  i did this test many times , each with the same settings , and all of the results looked like this . 
  you can not change the sea levels for either map . 
  it 'd be painful to play on , for both you and the ai, 
  the soundtrack is lacking , to be honest . 
  all the other total wars have brilliant ones , my favourites being napoleon 's and shogun ii 's . 
  that 's not how maps are made . 
  this is the sdk , and it runs through the script that the maps use . 
  the civs are added afterwards , onto suitable tiles . 
  oops , got my words mixed up . 
  the description for the large islands map : `` a world with numerous large islands , roughly equal in size but varying in terrain . '', 
  tiny islands : `` this world will consist of many tiny islands '' . 
  so this does n't seem to be the case . 
  multiplayer only , because of the ways deals work with other players . 
  one of my friends has played 600 hours , 90 % of that on multiplayer with me and my friends . 
  i have nearly 700 , and i bet there 's a lot more multiplayer hours than singleplayer . 
  imo , tradition  liberty  piety  honour . 
  i nearly always go for tradition . 
  it 's so much more powerful than any of the others , with growth bonuses , money , happiness and even production . 
  granted , i usually play with 3-5 cities , but liberty seems to hold you back at first . 
  if i 'm feeling religious i 'll go piety only after completing tradition and i 'll stop as soon as i am able to go rationalism . 
  i 'll probably return to it once a few more policies have been laid down . 
  honour is shit for an opener . 
  it gives you very little advantage , and the only time i 've ever taken it before like 1900 when i 've already got everything i want out of my ideology was when i was the aztecs and i took it after tradition to combine it with my culture from kills . 
  or maybe it was a joke ? 
  not your content , this was submitted by / u/mr _ meowmers before . 
  do n't use caps lock then . 
  shift does the task . 
  all of the dlc . 
  i do n't know whether you 're saying that the general 's speeches were unique or whether they were boring - if it 's the second option then you 're just wrong , there were literally thousands of amazing pieces of dialogue in those speeches that all depended on loads of variables . 
  stop spouting this shit about 20fps . 
  you 're just wrong mate .
