  still a shithole, 
   neigh sayers, 
  are you a fucking horse, 
   blad, 
  your slang game is like 2008 level fam, 
  i just checked my account and i have pink eriksen and a full-blown erection, 
  but there are sources ? 
  read it ? 
  3 questions :, 
  is it every saturday ? 
  what time - us or europe ? 
  what year are you up to ? 
  really wan na join this , even though i 'm shit/don ' t really understand what 's going on in paradox games, 
  shit microphone though, 
  do n't think it 's his squad that the problem . 
  that is an insane squad , if he ca n't get to d1 with that then he 's hit his skill cap . 
  is it ? 
  i 've completed 5 seasons in d1 on pc and have maybe come against like 2 coin glitchers . 
  no , not true . 
  he 's definitely not a winger anymore . 
  he 's been playing as one of two strikers in a 4-4-2 , sometimes dropping behind the striker . 
  you say that like he did n't score 23 goals last season as a striker . 
  watch some atletico games . 
  also i 'm not an arsenal supporter . 
  he does n't play as a left forward though !, 
  playing striker in a 4-4-2 , sometimes on the right - check the atletico vs madrid game last season where atletico smashed them . 
  calling griezmann a `` left forward '' would therefore mean that mandzukic is a `` right forward '' . 
  what ? 
  i did n't mention fifa ? 
  look at some analysis of positions in atletico games - or just watch a game - and you 'd see i 'm right . 
  but whatever . 
  nah that 's just not right , obvious placeholders . 
  though i would like to say that the upgrades to modric and kroos are needed . 
  i reckon that them and james have the correct ratings . 
  slovenia and scotland are n't full-on pushovers . 
  not saying we wo n't win by a large margin , but overconfidence is never a good thing when we talk about england . 
  can i just say that i see you in every subreddit , [ i even res tagged you ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/d8471e05e50b280abd3bd266c6da074c.png ), 
  i also have a huge tattoo of your face on my back, 
  best kind of fucking, 
  would n't ibarbo on the rw fit perfectly chemistry-wise ? 
  dear lord, 
   not knowing it as land of hope and glory, 
   tfw you are a filthy american, 
  been through literally every bundesliga gk and i 've quick sold them all . 
  every goalkeeper in this game is shit . 
  ter stegen is my last option . 
   firstly , all bsdm that results in actual bodily harm is illegal , established by the case of r v brown ( 1994 ) . 
  but r v wilson ( 1996 ) allowed consent as a defence for branding his wife 's arse . 
  ah right, 
  i find him funny when he 's on spencer 's videos and sometimes funny with football related things . 
  but he really tries too hard everywhere else . 
  is n't that a genghis khan quote, 
  bj\u00f6rk and sigur ros are n't scandinavian , they 're from iceland . 
  americans are descended from england and speak english , does n't mean i can claim that nirvana were a great british band, 
  with you here + the album cover is fantastic , one of the best i can think of . 
  the movement from blue is incredible, 
  just pointing out that united is far from the best team in fifa 15 . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/matthewrulez, 
  yeah i live between manchester and preston and never have any of the problems people complain about . 
  the market is fucked up if you want players worth more than like 30k though . 
  weird , i 'm in d1 and have maybe come against one or two ( ? ), 
  they 're like the same price, 
  people still go on ragecomics ? 
  surely it has completed the cycle of meme -  ironic meme by now ? 
  due , not do, 
  where i come from we pronounce due and do differently, 
  while sobbing into a glass of beer, 
   i also believe neymar is a bit too young for having the role as captain . 
  although he is a bit crazy , david luiz would be a better choice imo, 
  are you for real ? 
  neymar is by far brazil 's best player and one of the only people to come out of the brazil squad 's 2014 world cup with any dignity . 
  on his international form he is the third best player in the world , and puts in better international performances than ronaldo ( and arguably messi ) . 
  david luiz can never be made captain . 
  i would have taken your argument somewhat seriously if you 'd said thiago silva , but watch the 7-1 defeat again and try and argue that neymar is more immature than david luiz . 
  he was hilariously bad in that match and showed why he should n't be captain . 
  chelsea ? 
  arsenal ? 
  get ur meme game up m9, 
  all his ifs at st suggest ea wo n't do that . 
  looks like a nintendo ds tbf, 
  the best player i 've ever used , only bought him because i love griezmann irl but the goals he scores ... 
  he is by far my best + most expensive player and totally worth it . 
  100 is a lot of clubs . 
  that 's like , 5 leagues . 
  you 're better than at least some shit tier club in the portuguese league surely . 
  yeah . 
  did n't mean to offend the portuguese league btw , just thinking of teams that would be in the bottom tenth of the top 100 . 
  wazza is god though, 
  you can just hear that c1 is the same not as c2 . 
  it 's not to do with the frequency or whatever , it 's just that if you play the notes at the same time there is no dissonance or harmony . 
  scales are just created to get from one note to the other , they were n't `` discovered '' . 
  2 hours 50 mins in, 
  that link is to a past broadcast , drag the bar along the bottom of the video to the time you want . 
  who was then ? 
  definitely not pirlo . 
  marchisio ? 
  i ca n't decide if she 's fit or not, 
  wow what a hidden gem, 
  shaqiri was never in the argument , nor should he be . 
  sommer is statistically one of the top goalkeepers in the world , so he deserves it .
