  what, 
  not rome ii , these motherfuckers : http://rtw.heavengames.com/albums/album48/illyrians.jpg, 
  come to think of it , it probably would be more efficient just to go with 13 line infantry , but i just like having a bit of fun . 
  and i agree with you , grenadiers are very good versus melee focused factions , which are few in empire . 
  what 's up with the colours ? 
  nice guys , hope to see you more round here . 
  napoleon hardly has any bugs , compared to rome ii it 's bug-free . 
  empire has been patched a lot and it 's pretty well there . 
  probably in some parts , mainly old people 's homes . 
  up in north-west england if you said that you 'd probably be stabbed, 
  there 's no arguing that shogun 2 and fots are the most polished and intelligently designed total wars . 
  this is a risky move , posting it here . 
  i agree with it , but most wo n't . 
  on sort of the same topic , is there a way i can make medieval ii 's speed up mechanic work when i am moving around ? 
  for me when i click x2 or whatever it only does this when i am still . 
  goes back to x1 when i move the camera, 
   i just do n't like rome 2 , even if it was very polished and the siege ai worked well, 
  100 % agree, 
  in the past , videos complaining about rome ii have been downvoted . 
  see volound 's treatise on rome ii , and that kiwi 's 2 absolutely brilliant videos that were downvoted to hell . 
  no need to get angry , dude . 
  `` beauty is in the eyes of the beholder '' - jesus, 
  not really brigading , is it . 
  it 's just people upvoting what they like . 
  rome i is better than ii . 
  medieval ii is really good as well . 
  napoleon i would also recommend, 
  that 's just plain wrong . 
  the fact is is that it 's not meant to be a university lecture on every topic . 
  as you say , it 's meant for people who just want to learn the outline of history and are otherwise uninterested . 
  only in medieval ii could this go on . 
  brilliant . 
  every person who comments negatively contributes nothing ? 
  really ? 
  because that 's what i was saying was wrong . 
  i regularly comment negatively about rome ii . 
  i am not the one downvoting , by the way . 
  you said people were `` brigading '' like some organised guy-fawkes bonfire thing . 
  i just think this group of people you say go around wanking over rome ii criticism is n't real , and it 's just the opinions of the various people going around here . 
  i can just see this is just an argument over our differing definitions of the word `` brigading '' . 
  let 's just call it quits here , do n't want to fall out and all that . 
  surely it 's better to have some limited knowledge of history than non at all ? 
  wow , thanks . 
  medieval ii definitely has the longest battles , too . 
  i could n't even be bothered to reply to that , after i saw, 
   we are woirking hard to prove sandy was a hoax, 
  aww , this is cute . 
  also fucking retarded . 
  the usa is not the fucking ussr by any stretch of the imagination . 
  firstly , you 're posting this . 
  something criticizing the government , and you have n't been taken to a fucking gulag or straight up assassinated . 
  by saying this , you 're disrespecting the population of the ussr and its political prisoners who had to live through it , much like saying the usa is like nazi germany . 
  [ you 're missing the point . 
  really . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ), 
  i 'll reply to both your comments here . 
  keep me out of it , i ai n't american . 
  i am not an expert on us law either . 
  but i do know a bit about the history of the ussr . 
  i was n't saying there are n't some problems with the us 's rights etc. 
  i was saying that when the government of the us starts killing people for criticizing the government , centralizes everything , becomes an incredibly corrupt dictatorship , starts up hundreds of labour camps that imprison millions , have secret police that beat up and blackmail anyone who does anything to displease the leader of the country , and more importantly to becoming the ussr , employs a communist manifesto , then , then you may say that the us is the ussr . 
  so what , you 're saying that prisoners are all innocent ? 
  fucking hell , i see why your country is going down the drain , with a population of conspiritards like you . 
  i thought that people would be sick of hearing criticism - i was wrong . 
  it 's a good mod , yes , and no , it 's not compatible with darthmod , as they are both complete overhauls of the game . 
  fyi you can order the units by kills by clicking `` kills '' at the top . 
  nice work though , is the mod any good ? 
  i will explain my feelings on this `` joke '' with a comic : http://i.imgur.com/fvypapu.png, 
  it is just north america , with lots of provinces . 
  you can play as either the us or confederacy , and there are 3 or 4 `` minor '' factions that are represented , like the uk , france and the netherlands . 
  you start off a few turns before the war breaks out , so you have time to prepare . 
  it 's alright , the best civil war overhaul mod i can think of . 
  diplexheated has a few let 's plays of it on youtube . 
  it 's from total war shogun 2, 
  western roman empire on rome i. 
  you start off in debt , losing money , every region on the verge of rebellion , with outdated poor units , and barbarians waiting to pummel you from all sides . 
  you can insult the north all you like , but never , i repeat , never insult creme eggs . 
  do n't forget , as batavia , the british will blockade your only port , and completely cripple you economically . 
  really difficult . 
  it 's just random notes , i suspect , as i do n't know any songs that are in 10/8 . 
  also does n't have a time signature or clef etc. 
  why ? 
  it 's clearly a knight , wielding a spanner . 
  nothing suggests attila the hun . 
  fall of the samurai !, 
  it 's basically a brand new game !, 
  is this meant to be funny , or is it purposefully shit ? 
  you summed it up . 
  do n't bother with it for about 70 turns , then kill rebels , do n't bother with it again . 
  what a wasted opportunity . 
  [ depends what you call independent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada#early_20th_century ), 
  but first you have to trudge through all the shit ones, 
   the hatred of the french, 
  that 's what keeps us and germany so close . 
  that 's what germany * want * you to think . 
  but it 's not real ? 
  with my iphone , i could probably get about 20-30 photos in the time she had her phone up, 
  not part of the commonwealth though, 
  naval combat has always been a bit shit , but it 's getting worse from napoleon . 
  shogun ii 's were a bit shit , let 's be honest , but at least they 're not completely broken like rome ii 's .
