  over our cities are very close ( uk ) - i am about 30 mins drive from manchester , and a couple of hours from birmingham - but because we live on a small island a drive that lasts more than a couple of hours is a major thing . 
  in the us ( i 've been a few times ) the country is fucking massive , and so a normal city to city drive could be hours and hours long , but it 's just an average drive . 
  it is strange . 
  nicanor , i 'm guessing , had a slight cough , but to get off work called it a plague and lay in bed for the rest of the week . 
  in sieges , as long as you are in the castle , your men have literally unbreakable morale . 
  this means that however many men they throw at you , your men will always fight to the last man , whereas they will run . 
  plus you had matchlocks . 
  in a siege on shogun 2 , matchlocks mean victory if you are defending . 
  well they are kind of the go-to countries , and everyone knows about britain . 
  step 1 : have armies consisting of only artillery, 
  as long as the voiceover for barbarian factions says `` the enemy flee like startled goats . 
  chase them , goats make good eating '' then i 'm happy . 
  [ i do n't mean to boast ] ( http://i.imgur.com/07idlhw.png ), 
  how do you win, 
  empire - poland lithuania is the hardest , but the best . 
  you start off being gang raped by three of the most powerful factions , austria , prussia , and russia . 
  it 's brilliant though . 
  napoleon - russia is the worst , and imo the least entertaining ( at least early on ), 
  shogun - the ikko-ikki . 
  no samurai ? 
  check . 
  different faith ? 
  check . 
  everyone hates you ? 
  check . 
  start next to 4 powerful clans ( oda , uesugi , takeda , hattori ) ? 
  check . 
  ultra unit size , and an i5-2310 @ 2.9 ghz, 
  average fps in a 4v4 with ai , ultra unit size , was about 45 when zoomed out , and when zoomed in it dipped to just around 35 . 
  i do have darthmod , yet to try it with this new card . 
  lol no . 
  gtx 660 , i5-2310 @ 2.9 ghz, 
  i 'm pretty confident i could run rome ii on very high settings still , as i can run shogun 2 on maxed out and get a solid fps . 
   as long as you can hold off egypt while you deal with everyone else, 
  that 's the hard part . 
  unless you completely rush the provinces in the israel area , egypt will pummel you to the ground from the start . 
  if he had built up lots of bombers , yeah , i think 20 turns is pretty viable . 
  japan 's special unit is a fighter and could have easily fended off any counter attacks . 
  check my flair, 
  i thought that the british army was renowned , especially since the `` red coat '' has become a symbol of that era . 
  well to be fair , they 've done 2 demos of this battle and they 've been at rezzed and e3 , a week apart . 
  stupid point . 
  click multiplayer , press host ? 
  i live in the uk and we do n't call them `` redcoats '' but all our military parades and trooping the colours etc are done by men dressed in the traditional red . 
  one day , i 'd like to be at a skill level where i would have the confidence to play online with people . 
  one day . 
  most important question first : how good were the accents, 
  he does n't mean this , i think the author means to say he could have done something , but forgotten , so he never knew he did something . 
  sp potentially he could have just killed someone , but because he 's forgotten , he has no idea of what he just did . 
  to be fair , i would prefer to join a bigger one , so i could just sit back and be unnoticed . 
   they do n't really care about the will of minorities . 
  understatement of the millennium, 
  he did n't `` ignore the minorities '' , he slaughtered them and completely destroyed their lives . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  just searching `` favorite '' in the search bar comes up with about 15 threads of the same topic . 
  verb, 
  refuse to take notice of or acknowledge . 
  he did take notice of . 
  and proceed to murder millions of . 
  not a smart move as prussia . 
  first moves should be to secure greater germany . 
  well they did n't , so, 
  it was as monotonous as all the other total wars . 
  500 hours of empire and i 've not been bored . 
  next time there 's a big game on with free slots , count me in, 
  by next sunday , i 'll try and at least get a grasp of how to play victoria, 
  i get the same results with a gtx 660 , and an intel i5-2310 @ 2.9 ghz , 4gb of ram . 
  yeah , they won the war early on , and instilled their dynasty there , but then the actual norwegians split off , and england and scotland have had like permanent civil war since 1100 . 
  it 's good for me as ireland though , slowly working my way through broken scottish armies :d, 
  by wave of the future you mean wave of the last 6 or 7 years, 
  yeah , assassin 's creed 2 was one of the best games i 'd ever played , and brotherhood just pushed it to a new level . 
  revelations was n't very good . 
  you put them in your other universities ? 
  better than the celts, 
  the european campaign is , but the smaller campaigns can be co-op - the peninsula campaign is very good . 
  it 's only multiplayer ? 
  it would n't , because what if i wanted an agent in india , but even though i built the prerequisite building in hindustan he spawned in fucking amsterdam, 
  the latter, 
  oblivion goty and dishonoured , the first being my all-time favourite game , and the latter being a game i have been wanting for ages , for # 10 !, 
  insane deal . 
  and your cousins . 
  and aunt . 
  and marrying your son to your grandmother . 
  to be fair , the games that are overpriced are the triple a shooters and such , like bf4 and cod . 
  # 30 should be the norm for a game that is on steam . 
  gosh darn it, 
  no , it 's not a circlejerk , it 's just lots of people posting the same thing over and over again . 
  not the same as a circlejerk . 
  is he trying to imply it 's meant to be today ? 
  by ( bracketing ) the useless words ? 
  i am so tense, 
  is n't it vanilla ? 
  [ uhhh ... ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/541/870/cd3.jpg ), 
  i love playing battlefield and arma . 
  they 're not exclusive . 
  battlefield , like you say , is a completely different game . 
  sure , they both have guns , but that 's where the comparison ends . 
  it 's under maintenance , should be back up any second . 
   firstly disband useless navy , who is of need ship when you have glorious horse ? 
  second , disband horse .
