  logical , since there are way more argentines than brits on reddit, 
  he 's one of the best strikers in the world and is 24 . 
  money wo n't be the reason he wo n't move . 
  i said he 's not going to move , he 's just joined atletico, 
  wait fuck that 's the same kid ? 
  anyone who plays football manager knows about this guy , and this guy who is basically the same player . 
  this season he 's been great , but otamendi ( again , based off this season ) is better than hummels or subotic . 
  [ not all of them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schlieffen_plan ), 
  the motm would have to come from sevilla though , so if dnipro win , then maybe not . 
  you what, 
  some of them are good when they 're obviously ironic . 
  but some of them are plain fucking offensive and it is a shame that people think that . 
  saying that , i do enjoy `` will finally be able to masturbate to fifa '', 
  implying it 's meant for adults . 
  what ? 
  these are n't semi-pro teams - they 're adding the national teams . 
  and you ca n't be stupid enough to think that `` no one watches women 's football '' . 
  at the last world cup 845,751 people attended the games and like 250 million people watched it on tv . 
  for anyone who did n't buy coins/fifa points it is great this year . 
  i have a squad including sif griezmann , if pique , ramos , tots roberto and normal neymar because they are actually obtainable through playing the game . 
  i 'm even saving up enough for tots bellarabi , which i would have never dreamt of getting before the price ranges . 
  most of reddit is a left-wing community though , probably because of the overlap between the demographics of people that go on reddit and the people that are left wing . 
  what a tune, 
  clyne , rulli and lampard are n't exactly realistic . 
  so basically the 2022 bayern munich team in my save, 
  can recommend , binge watched the whole thing in a few hours today , loved it . 
  this would be interesting , as i 've heard that real teams use the si scouting thing . 
  obviously not on its own . 
  emenike is going to be a lot less than 80 next year too . 
  rip sweet prince . 
  yeah , comically terrible . 
  everyone ( including me ) loves an underdog though . 
  even if they play like twats , does n't mean you do n't want them to shove it in the faces of madrid/barca etc, 
  quick wikipedia search would tell you that it was/is the musical version . 
  maybe it 's the constant swearing ? 
  people who are n't angry do n't use fucking as an adjective ( all the time ) . 
  swansea play some of the most entertaining football in the premier league as well , so calm down . 
  that accent makes me feel slightly sick, 
   what 's your first language ? 
  \\  english flair, 
  using `` fucking swansea '' does n't imply anything other than `` they 're shit '', 
  keep this up until november , then england wo n't lose quite as badly, 
  keeper could 've got to that i think, 
   look at modern day portrayal of national socialists in for example movies and videogames . 
  okay , let 's look at some of the most popular movies and videogames . 
  movies ( these are ones i 've seen ) do n't really support your argument . 
  highest grossing wwii film of all time is saving private ryan . 
  seen it ? 
  there are moments in the film where you clearly see the `` human side '' of german soldiers ( the scenes with the captured german machine gunner come to mind ) and the `` bad side '' of the americans ( when they start shooting already surrendered germans , for example . ), 
  4th highest grossing film about wwii that focuses on nazis is inglourious basterds , which i do n't think i need to say anything about , as it completely goes against your argument . 
  the games you are likely referring to are call of duty , but if anyone uses those as any example of modern storytelling then they need to get a grip . 
  god save the queen is shite though is n't it . 
  they have 67 , 68 and 50 defence . 
  the first two are pretty high for cms , and the second is an average cm defence playing at cm . 
  what a knobhead ref, 
  is that a real tiger cub ? 
  but some of it is written like erotic fiction from the pov of , or about , < 15 year olds , which you must admit is weird and off putting, 
  i really do n't think the show is about the throne anymore , it 's a side story to the real threat, 
  yes, 
  hurts your teeth though, 
  mate it 's pretty terrible for me , but i can deal with the eyes and nose , it 's the fucking itchy roof of your mouth that makes me want to just close all my orifices with concrete . 
  i got one of those dust masks for builders though , wear that around inside like i 'm walking around shanghai . 
  are you on drugs mate , fifa 14 was such a pile of shite compared to 15 . 
  every single goal was a header . 
  who was the best goal of the season against ? 
  i really want to watch it . 
  which is a bit of a shock when you hire a new assistant manager who is n't an incompetent twat and your star ratings all go from 4.5-5 down to 3-3 .5 and you 're left thinking `` wait maybe shane long is n't good enough to start in the champions league for me '', 
  i have literally no sense of scale here , how big are these ? 
  thanks, 
  i thought that , but the tv show can be quite good actually . 
  books were still the reason i am doing history at uni though . 
  [ he 's quite a famous footballer , does n't have a scar ] ( https://provenquality.cdn.speedyrails.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/mesut-ozil.jpg ) . 
  mate he was pretty dank the last few months of 2014-15 season , one of arsenal 's best players . 
  i had to physically restrain myself from downvoting him purely on his username/flair combo, 
  edit : he was called something like usa_gunner, 
  you what mate fight me, 
  combination of usa and gunner i think . 
  but he 's still like the 3rd/4th best cb at bayern munich, 
  really ? 
  benatia 's been great when i 've watched him , but i 'm probably wrong . 
  comparing the sirens to facebook i think . 
  ** i think . 
  bet you scrape a lucky 49-0 loss, 
  what a finish from the lad, 
  i 'm seeing them for # 15 in manchester in september, 
  are you on crack mate , turan is better than at least 5 of those players , and it 's very tight between some of the rest . 
  it 's coming home ~ ~ lads ~ ~ lasses, 
  it 's just that weird jazz sax part . 
  it 's actually uncomfortable to listen to . 
  john lennon was a cunt , but i have to catch flights from an airport named after him, 
  well i have n't got enough time on this planet to force myself to listen to something that i do n't like the sound of . 
  love the rest of the album though . 
  where ? 
  the uk ? 
  france ? 
  germany ? 
  spain ? 
  portugal ? 
  italy ? 
  switzerland ?
