   maybe even chinese units, 
  lol why, 
  i do n't understand all the fuss over krakatoa , i mean by the time you 've settled on it surely the science bonus you get is completely meaningless and tiny - you might as well build a normal city with a hell of a lot more production and food and get a library . 
  if anyone is on the fence about buying this , i totally and utterly recommend this as the best total war game i 've ever played . 
  even if samurai and ninja do n't excite you , trust me , this has the best combat mechanics of the `` new '' total wars , and certainly is the most polished and slick total war . 
   as soon as you build a level 2 horse farm ( where your troops come from ) , you can get lancers and horse archers . 
  go fight something . 
  now you have experienced the entire dynamic of combat with the messagetae . 
  this is a brilliant post, 
  ca 's plan for multiplayer seemed to be `` well shogun 's was really popular and innovative , and continues to have a large playerbase after 2 years , so for rome ii why do n't we ** take all of that out and make it as bare-bones and half-assed as we possibly can ** '', 
  but , come on , it 's literally said as it 's spelt . 
  in this case , however , it does, 
  you 're playing naval battles on rome ii . 
  that 's what you 're doing wrong . 
  were u by any chance ... getting high off of weed, 
  i absolutely think that halo : reach is my favourite fps of all time , but i completely agree with you that halo 4 was a massive let down . 
  after playing reach with my friends for a year or two , we were incredibly excited for 4 , why would n't we be ? 
  halo trilogy story with reach 's gameplay ? 
  sounds perfect . 
  played it release day and for a few days afterwards , and was just bored of it . 
  they stripped down my favourite thing from reach , the forge mode , where i spent most of my time , and made the multiplayer dreadful . 
  definitely . 
  i photoshopped it this very eve, 
  how many troops and of what quality would people recommend to take out a castle/city ? 
  yep , i posted it in cringepics a long time ago , but thought you guys would also enjoy it, 
  every thread, 
  ruins, 
  ruins everywhere, 
  challenge = / = fun, 
  i do n't like germany - the panzer is honestly quite disappointing , and their ability is the poor man 's zulu mixed with a chance of a few free units . 
  the inca can be utterly op in the right map , frightening amounts of food and production . 
  on a different note , if you roll spain and manage to find 2-3 early natural wonders , you 've pretty much guaranteed a win . 
  i love you, 
  prince is pretty easy to be honest , not much different to warlord , the ai are still passive and by 1500 you will have a massive tech lead . 
  king from prince is a lot harder , as the ai start actually * trying * . 
  my advice is to always know what your next move is . 
  think about what you 're working towards in terms of the overall victory as well as smaller objectives such as `` kill pachacuti the wonder-whoring bastard '' . 
  / r/civ , where the doge joke is still funny, 
  posting probably the most famous piece of classical music by the most famous classical composer to the subreddit about classical music is a bit strange . 
  this is the fakest thing i 've seen here for a long time . 
   what extend homer 's ilias is true, 
  the illiad 's only point that people think may be true is that there was , at some point , a war between the mycenaeans and a city on the west coast of turkey . 
  the rest of it is a fairy story . 
   this is usually based on the game your in, 
  you 're . 
  you are . 
  you 're . 
  you are in a game . 
  you 're in a game . 
  no , i 'm just clarifying for people . 
  wwi probably , but more total war relevant is ancient greece . 
  i do n't think a subreddit of 70 000 people all think alike in terms of humour . 
  maybe it 's just not funny ? 
  that 's what i think . 
  sweden, 
  the only redeeming quality of this civ is their colour scheme , it is simply magnificent . 
  the worst is probably the bland boring ones like germany , but i really do n't like the colour maroon , so england and some others i do n't like . 
  but seriously , sometimes i play sweden just for the colour scheme, 
  i think they 're pretty weak . 
  their ua is pretty good , if you can pile up loads of friends , which becomes pretty difficult sometimes . 
  but then their uus are both for warmongering in the industrial/renaissance era , which is strange , as to benefit from their ua you do n't want to be declaring war , especially around the time that getting great people quickly is very important . 
  but with the warmonger penalties , i find that even taking one city from a mutual enemy causes all my friends to denounce me and hate me for the rest of the game . 
  [ pocatello . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q04njzkgqs ), 
  pretty sure these are places in the west midlands county of england , by the way . 
  i 've been here for nearly two years , and i have to say , people who say it 's all completely different are liars/have a bad memory . 
  self-posts with questions rarely get 50 + upvotes , and hardly ever have . 
  the top posts , as always , have been funny/interesting pictures , because that 's what people like . 
  people saying `` when rome ii came out this subreddit was filled with people for / r/gaming amirite '' are also wrong . 
  the subreddit was sitting on about 20 000 subscribers when rome ii came out , and went up about 3 000 . 
  if you 'd had looked at the subreddit stats website when it was still active , as i did , the growth around rome ii was actually very small . 
  the same as when fall of the samurai came out . 
  if you want to `` improve '' the subreddit , try it . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  but please do n't blindly agree with the sentiments of the people that seem to think that / r/totalwar is only for the hardcore total war players . 
  now this is a good post . 
  saying civ inspires more discussion because its graphics are `` worse '' is stupid - civ is a much more complex , deep and repeatable game than total war will ever be . 
  it just has more room for discussion . 
  / u/blizzaldo is a bit obsessed with the `` good ol' days '' of / r/totalwar , and does n't realise that the sub has always been like this . 
  he also does n't seem to realise that people upvote things - get this - because they like them . 
  he thinks all people should have the same taste in submissions , which apparently , as you say , is just `` what 's the best faction '' or `` what is your favourite mod in medieval ii '', 
  no i agree with you . 
  also , i believe our good friend here has commented on a few of my posts here , showing the same sentiment . 
  because that 's the only way these nutjobs can sound like they have evidence, 
  that is amazing, 
  if we 're being precise , the finnish flag looks nothing like that, 
  this, 
  this is more `` what games do n't i like '' than `` what games are worth it '' is n't it . 
  i do n't like medieval ii that much , because of the era of history is not my cup of tea , but i love empire and napoleon . 
  oh shit he brought out reddiquette, 
  this website is a pile of shit , and so is this list . 
  i do enjoy your shogun themed ones a lot . 
  not to say the others are bad , of course . 
  rafflin ', 
  i think you mean austria, 
  i ca n't decide between lots , but the ** usa on empire ( darthmod ) ** is one of my favourites . 
  my recommendation to start would be to consolidate your small forces into two armies - one in the north and one in the south . 
  these can be militia minutemen , and this would save time , rather than full line infantry . 
  then fight the iroquois in the north and the cherokee in the south . 
  this should be easy , the natives have only bows and melee units .
