  checkmate , usa . 
  i love how this comment just completely proves the 3rd picture . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  ironclad ( fall of the samurai ) vs 1st rate ( empire ), 
  once had a rush game , 0 lives left , and somehow we ( defending ) managed to defuse the bomb . 
  it was intense , and one the the best moments of battlefield . 
  does the beta happen if i have premium ? 
  if so , will i only get access on xbox 360 ( which i owned bf3 on ) ? 
  because i sold my xbox the other day to upgrade pc . 
  00:20 gmt actually . 
  need to change pants brb, 
   the civs in the middle are germany , america , spain , iroquois, 
  well there 's your problem . 
  they 're always looking for a fight . 
  i can run shogun 2 on maxed out with a computer that costs around # 650 - i5 processor @ 2.8 ghz , gtx660 , 4gb of ram, 
  i live in the uk . 
  i know it 's 12:20, 
  are n't they the same thing ? 
  good thing about these new subreddit flairs is we can see who our true allies are . 
  well here in the uk it 's in 30 mins , at 20 past midnight . 
  when scythed chariots hit the men on rome the soldiers go flying , same with when they are hit with onagers . 
  the majority of these are good arguments against vegans, 
  well it is in los angeles, 
  the number next to his resource is actually how many he has . 
  luxury resources provide happiness , but having more than one does not increase that happiness , so having 4 marble means he has 3 to spare . 
  the ai will trade any spare marble to you , * as long as he likes you , of course * , and will trade it with any of your luxuries , not just spices . 
  but if you have only one spice , trading this for another luxury will not gain you happiness , as you have given your luxury away while taking one in , so you 'll be on the same happiness , so only trade these if you have more than one . 
  are you joining each other ? 
  do you have the right dlc ? 
  athens is the capital province of hellas here , as it is shaded in bronze instead of silver . 
  i am not actually sure . 
  i 'd assume so , since that 's the only city of that faction . 
  true . 
  but to a new player , i 'd say keep your last copy to cope with happiness and stuff . 
  and the enemy 's is the last to die 100 % of the time . 
  to be honest , i do n't agree with people downvoting you , using cav in melee instead of taking them out and recharging them in is a much better tactic on nearly every game , but yeah especially empire , napoleon , and unless it 's great guard or katana cav , shogun 2 . 
  / r/britishproblems, 
  edit : thanks for the gold, 
  i really hoped this was top . 
  u wot i will fukin wrek u u cheeky cunt, 
  where are you from ? 
  if i went up to an 18 year old just out of education where i 'm from what he/she knows about pre-ww1 europe , they 'd have no clue other than britain = powerful, 
  like many civilizations , egypt was built along the fertile lands of a river , in this case the nile . 
  shuffle is the greatest thing ever . 
  you need a bit more food and a hell of a lot more production in rome . 
  what speed are you on ? 
  i 'm guessing the trade is stopped ? 
  looking at the gameplay videos , they do n't look to be actual units but more like a continuous stream , so if it 's blocked it can be restarted by removing the blockade . 
  this just summarizes rome total war in a 20 second clip, 
  i know a good idea of how to get a co-op campaign on total war !, 
  - multiplayer , host campaign . 
  there . 
  wow , nice screenshot . 
  guessing this is multiplayer ? 
  thanks , i 'll take a look . 
  the banners ( ? ), 
  on the back of the men looked strange to me so i thought it was maybe a custom one from the avatar conquest . 
  nice screenshot , but what mod is this ? 
  looks very modern . 
  wwi ? 
  loving the city names , by the way . 
  it 's a nice looking map , too . 
  i managed to have like 300 happiness as gandhi once ... 
  ~ ~ i 'll join ~ ~ i have joined , my name is ( very imaginatively ) matthew . 
  i fucking suck cock , i had a 6 star avatar which i accidentally deleted , so i need to build all my shit up again, 
  damn it i thought this thread was about rome ii !, 
  i could just as easily swap this round to prove the opposite point . 
  spain : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argentina, 
  the uk : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sudan , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zimbabwe, 
  ending the satire for a second , this is a silly , offensive picture . 
  be careful not to spoil anything people . 
  nothin ' like a bit of racism, 
  it only `` cheats '' on hard or above , by the way . 
  the ai , to provide an actual challenge , has some armies free of upkeep etc so they can actually fight you . 
  i ca n't speak for rome but on shogun 2 you might notice a clan having 5 full stacks when their economy could not support it ( this 'll be in the endgame , not at the start ), 
  yes , but in the shogun late game when it 's realm divide , where you 'll probably notice a bit of cheating , it 's pointless anyway . 
  destroying buildings will decrease their income , however it 's probably better to destroy army buildings . 
  well it 's happened on every game , ( not really noticeable on empire or napoleon ) , so i do n't see why not . 
  until they develop an ai competent enough to stand on it 's own two feet , letting the ai off some economic problems is probably for the better . 
  i liked the skill trees for shogun , but i suppose it suited the game well as you only really needed 3 generals , and most would survive the whole campaign . 
  ca craig has a reddit account and posted once or twice here . 
  what bothered me is that it did n't show the exact amount of men left , only a health bar . 
  what a repost . 
  i mean , bravo , you pulled it off , but the third top of all time , and only 25 days old ? 
  bold move , friend . 
  more like curry, 
  it 's not even funny . 
  the balance of forces bar is in every game though, 
  i love steam , but it is drm mate, 
  custom battle on fots ? 
  looks like the wwi mod for napoleon, 
  i played it a few versions ago , and here is my summary . 
  it looked really cool , the soldiers were brilliantly transformed into ww1 units and it looked very pretty, 
  the gameplay was n't there . 
  the campaign was fine , but not much different to vanilla but reskinned . 
  the battles were fun to an extent - it was a good time to watch , but the gameplay was strange . 
  it did n't really work for the total war `` feel '' . 
  i thought it was more of a novel idea , but worth a download . 
  i suggest trying it out : http://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?1608-the-great-war - ( tgw ), 
  that 's a weird and valid point .
