   intellectual property is sort of unified . 
  it sort of is n't , hence the very different regimes out there , the eu is trying to bring that together at the moment and create a single market . 
  that might well bring together copyright regimes and get rid of things like geo-blocking and region locking across the eu , or it might mean that we see things like german style ` image rights ' , some of the more excessive french approaches , blank media taxes , issues around any kind of aggregator sites and limits on search engines eu wide etc. . . 
  essentially if we see harmonisation , rather than having lots of different states and a bit of variation , well end up with a homogeneous approach and potentially a loss of freedoms in states where they currently exist in exchange for some liberalisation in others . 
  and of course it probably wo n't prevent rights holders from using drm and region-locking , and nor will it prevent them from selling distribution or broadcast rights regionally , because even if you re-write copyright law , contract law will still be a thing . . 
   please think whatever you like . 
  you probably live in a free country . 
  exept for deciding yourself what to watch on the telly ofcourse . 
  this is about copyright holders negotiating broadcast/distribution rights along national lines rather than regional lines . . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with whether any particular eu member state is a free country , and it can be gotten around buy buying physical media too . 
  but again , as long as the eu is 27 member states with their own legal systems and different approaches to copyright legislation i can see it being somewhat difficult to remove regional variation . 
   problem now is that there is n't a will . 
  and i sorta get it - the content owners make more bucks . 
  but public opinions and mass movents have changed wills before . 
  the problem is arguably that everything is fractured as it is , you have different rules , multiple collection societies for different types of artists , different approaches to licensing and so on . 
  it 'd be good to see some sort of sensible reform , but at the same time the whole system is a bit screwy globally . 
  and mostly it was your point about petitioning the us that i thought was daft , because it is a completely different situation . 
  as the article points out , esa is n't an eu body anyway so brexit makes little difference , the issue is around the eu-esa agreement and eu specific programmes . 
  pretty sure that its up to the content owner to decide what market they want to sell in , so if you wanted to sell the rights to air stuff in just idaho , and could find a buyer that 'd be fine . 
  oh and obviously the eu being made up of actual countries , with different legal systems and copyright legislation probably makes it a little more complicated anyway . . do n't get me wrong , i 'd love to see this sorted out , but the eu is n't one country , the us is . . that does make it different . 
   they brexited over something that was costing them a daily stick of gum in taxes . 
  it was one aspect , but just to put that into context , that 's significantly more ( per week . . ) than the eus * annual * frontex budget , it 's just shy of spain 's defence budget ( in fact i think its more than the defence budgets of pretty much every eu country bar the uk , italy , germany and france too . . ) , it 's more than poland gets in eu funds each year . . its more than the uk spends on unemployment benefits , could fund the uk court service for two years and , the figure that was so popular during the brexit negotiations , it is almost exactly the same amount each year as was cut by government as part of its rather massive and damaging austerity drives between 2010 and 2014 . 
  in short , its not a small amount of money ...  an eu tax like the american federal income tax , will go a long way in to establishing and funding this union as global force to be reckoned with , and not just some to big to fail trade block . 
  i do n't think the eu is ever going to be a ` global force to be reckoned ' with , at least not without a massive change in what it is , and a massive change in public perception and support too . 
  the eu under-performs massively internationally as it is , more money is n't going to fix that . .  it could mean an european army , navy , intelligence agency , health-care system and many other immense advantages . 
  it could mean lots of things , but frankly on the security side , i ca n't see the eu doing a good job and frankly i can see member states seeing it as a vehicle to reduce costs , rather than an opportunity to actually build on their defensive capabilities . 
  as to healthcare ... 
  i 'd love to see that , people would have a massive fit , the eu taking over something quite so important and so devolved ( and different across eu states . . ) as healthcare would be interesting to watch , although possibly not very nice to experience . 
   the big problem for me was that i have never been satisfied that our interests could be protected inside the eu . 
  you are not alone . 
  that might well be true , i was in pantin so . . 
  it sort of has to at this point because of the decisions taken in the past , we ca n't really recreate a steel industry in an economy where it 'd have to compete with either subsidised chinese steel , or even just supported german steel . 
  essentially its a losing prospect , and we 've already gone through the pain and devastation in the communities where it used to be . . 
  i 'd rather some of those decisions had been taken differently , but given where we are i thin the idea should be to invest in the future and do what we can to get ahead in technology and value terms , there is no benefit from reopening the mines or producing tons of steel that no-one wants . 
   because that state of affairs is direct result of the policies acting on those cities over centuries . 
  the population difference ? 
  or the economic imbalance ? 
  london is pretty unique because of the square mile , it is the statistical outlier within the eu largely because of its financial services industry . 
  if you compare any similar sized uk cities the disparity becomes incredibly minor . 
  and it 's not as though there is n't disparity in places like germany , compare the raw economic numbers between hamburg with thuringia and the disparity is massive too ( although not london massive . . ) . 
   for the rest of your arguments simply look at the us and similar constructs and how they handle their affairs . 
  so basically this comes back to the eu would be nice as a federal state ... 
  except of course that there is no support for that . 
  last time i checked people liked being american , they support the notion , they fought a bit of a war over the whole thing too . 
  the eu does n't have that , most people do n't want a federal eu the little support there is for the concept is concentrated by both geography and demographic and there is pretty much no chance of it happening in our lifetimes in a formal way . . 
  which is why the current eu is pushing for measures ( like the euro and schengen , and now an eu army ) that force solutions to come from that kind of direction . . 
  but any such federal eu would be one made up of the existing eu nation states ... 
  so you have the same problems all over again . 
  i do n't see your point at all . . why are we comparing london ( population 8.4 m ) and liverpool ( population 400k ) ? 
  is there disparity within nation states ? 
  yes of course there is , is there wealth concentration in certain areas , yes , and there is deprivation in others ... 
  does that go away when you portion up europe into 5-10m people regions ? 
  europe as it currently exists includes a lot of disparity but there is greater disparity across the eu than there is within any one eu state , massively in absolute terms ( slightly less so if you look at purchasing power ) . 
  and in any case you seem to have glossed over the broader issue that i highlighted earlier . 
  if you took an issue like id cards , military service or gay marriage , you would find broad areas of consensus within europe in certain areas , and the opposite consensus in other parts of the eu . 
  these would essentially be irreconcilable , we 'd see id cards in the uk , no gay marriage ( probably civil partnerships . . ) , and no defence policy because of the massively irreconcilable positions . 
  or we 'd have to devolve all of these things to local regions ( at which point the federal eu would become pretty useless , defence and civil liberties no longer being federal , never mind a whole slew of other powers . . ) . 
  and these are just three things i 've pulled out of a hat , throw in positions on immigration , education , the role of the church and state , gmos , education , hell we run several different kinds of legal system across the eu at the moment i think things like whether you have a right to a jury would be an issue . . you 'd go from an eu that is pretty broken to one that is utterly broken , and of course you 'd have broken up nation states at the same time , for no apparently decent reason . 
  so that 'd be a fun moment . 
   i see your point.that leaves us with the simple truth that state aid becomes politically challenging with time . 
  indeed , and in fact the term ` state aid ' whilst vogue at the moment , is a bit of a vague one anyway . 
  basically anything that is intended to favour one sector or one activity can be included in the term . . 
  in any case , it 's not a bad thing , we often promote activities or sectors because they are useful or need to develop , we just need to be careful how , tariffs and incentives or other sorts all play a part . 
   still , we do need a robust system to deal , for example , with sudden gluts in certain markets caused by rapid expansion of parallel competitors to dominate a high-demand sector to the point of oversupply , or in the case of china an attempt at maintaining employment by keeping the industries running in an economic slowdown . 
  sort of . 
  we probably do need to be able to protect industries to a certain extent , but the other option is to be in a position to take advantage of the oversupply . . 
  i think you ( or someone else . . ) made the point that you could use the oversupply to increase income and use that to support those hit ( i 'd argue to enable transition rather than supporting zombie industries , but whatever works ) . 
   if tariffs or things like `` energy subsidies '' are the better way of approach it is debatable , but considering the shock we took this year , maybe we can agree the current system does not work . 
  to take us back to our initial point . . 
  the issue is that the shock we took this year was beneficial to non-net steel exporters but negative to steel producers . 
  it meant steel prices for all other parts of the economy were low . . 
  projected and actual job losses are smaller than the current churn from technological changes ( we have seen more bank staff losing their jobs as retail banking moves online ... germany is going to get hit really hard with that at some point . . ) . 
  the issue of course with industries like steel is that any redundancies tend to be really localised , and without support you have a massive local issue in the places where steel was produced . 
  anyway , i do n't really see how we square the demand from some eu states to protect production and other eu states to take advantage of the prices without hobbling steel production in some way . 
  at the moment the status quo ( no tariffs ) wins by virtue of being impossible to change without support , so we 'll see where it goes and what options are provided . 
  right . . 
  so it 's not the centralised model of states that bleeds some regions dry , its poor governance . 
  the structure of governance does n't dictate poor policy choices . 
   the brexit departments are completely new , yes . . that 's whats taking time . 
   and i seriously doubt may will be taking over all of cameron/osborne 's policies now that the circumstances could n't be more different , with different personnel at the helm . 
  she 's already changing direction . 
   the timetable and costs could 've been guesstimated in advance and yet they 're still not even agreed on the type of relationship they want . 
  the point is that the government did n't want to leave , and did n't want to engage in putting together a plan . 
  so we do n't have a plan , nor was there even a consensus on what the relationship would look like . 
  so that 's what the uk government is putting that together . 
   until they can focus on an agreed model , preparation for all possible eventualities seems very wasteful . 
  there are preparations that have to happen either way , when the uk leaves the eu it will have a large impact on a lot of uk legislation , that has to be dealt with . 
  the current competencies held by the eu will end up back with the uk , we can work out what to do with those . . 
  essentially the work that could have been done before the referendum is being done now , and there is also more work to be done . 
   i have to disagree here . 
  when you 're giving direct aid ... 
  there is a difference between direct aid and state aid , indirect aid is the usual approach these days ( as we can see currently . . ) . 
   this can quickly spiral out of control as the company learns it does n't need to stay competitive even in its own market . 
  that 's an issue with tariffs to exactly the same degree . 
  when you impose tariffs your producers do n't have to compete and there is less pressure to modernise or diversify if it turns out that maybe someone else is able to do what you do much more cheaply ... we 've seen that again and again in the past , i do n't see why it would be significantly different here . 
   you 'll have to start testing competitiveness bureaucratically then to find those that actually lag behind and before you know it you have a direct hand in deciding if 10k employees will loose their jobs next month or not . 
  that actually sounds more like the product of nationalisation ( which conversely , might also make sense if you are talking about an actual strategic industry . . ) . 
   by comparison you can set a tariff rate and poll the umbrella lobby organization for opinions . 
  if any one of them fail , you 're not directly responsible and the rest might be happy to pick up the slack . 
  no political fallout , and fairly accurate competitive measure assuming they 're not colluding .
