  and at some point someone will notice that maybe its a bit of a problem , and then there will be a short window to deal with it before it does again lead to either conflict , oppression or something worse . 
   you see i said that i want to see europe united under one flag , but i do n't really care what color the flag is . 
  so . . union for the sake of it , no matter if it 's democratic , communist , fascist or something else ? 
  fair enough , but you are right that you have few allies in that . 
  since when is the solution to immigration and border issues giving something an entire army ? 
  what utter tripe , this sounds like more of the same poor thought out expansion and crisis driven power grabs that pushes people to dislike the eu . . 
   i would have preferred a situation where eu is united as one state under one flag with one government . 
  so there would be only forces loyal to the eu . 
  right ... but that does n't exist and is not even close to existing . 
  there is n't even a single notion of what the eu should be , never mind a coherent identity or entity to be ` loyal ' to . 
  the idea that there would be forces loyal to the eu and that member states , or even the people within eu member states would tolerate that is . . well , at best massively premature . 
   i see people that put loyalty to their nation before europe as an obstacle . 
  well then you are pretty much fucked as that 's true for the vast majority of people within the eu , and the eu is just a club of nation states ... can you really see eastern europe accepting the deployment of european troops , loyal to the eu on their soil ? 
  do you think the uk or france would stand for that ? 
  if you want to give eurosceptics a real boost , and push massively more people in a direction your probably wo n't like , then this is something to go for . 
  for the eu to every even look slightly like what you 'd like , you are going to have to build rather a lot , and that 's going to require popular support . . 
  so think decades at the very least , and even then i 'm not sure if it 's terribly likely . 
  so . . you 'd have preferred a situation where the eu could deploy forces loyal to the eu , in the face of national inaction ? 
  with a chance of a 100 % loss , that 's the whole gambling thing ... as a bonus if she wins it 's tax free . 
   i 'll be very surprised if more than half of the electorate bother to vote . 
  yeah , it 'd be a pleasant surprise , some people are predicting a turnout as high as 55 % , although i would n't be surprised if it were closer to the usual ep turnout of around 35 % . 
  i 'm not so sure about that , i think most people who were either interested in the eu or particularly engaged on the issues raised around membership probably had , but there were and are quite a few people on the fence too . 
  quite a lot of those do n't fit neatly into the boxes the campaigns would like to put themselves and each other in , and the campaigns have done a pretty bad job in arguing positively , so there are probably more people likely to swing either way than you 'd think . . 
  assuming they turn out of course . 
   vote leave are currently melting under the weight of their own stupidit frankly if i were pro-remain i 'd be utterly horrified at the fact that support for leave is as high as it appears to be given the piss poor performance of the campaign over the last few weeks ... 
  the bar is now set so low the leave side really does n't have to do much to make it look like it 's massively upped its game , and if something like this breaks . . well , the economic arguments for remaining in the eu get a bit silly when the rest of the eu appears to be imploding . . economically . 
   i see where you 're aiming , but that , again , is based on presumptions . 
  everything is based on presumptions unless you talk to all of the voters involved ...  do we even know the opinions of the 15 % of eternally undecided voters ? 
  that 's broadly why we need to have actual elections rather than simply going on polling . 
  i suppose the point to bear in mind is that people will have lots of different reasons for deciding something , we can only generalise so far . 
  however we can generalise ... my point though was purely that it is no less reasonable to see remain voters as being selfish and putting themselves before the good of the country than it is to suggest the reverse . 
   so you 're saying that being remain is being selfish , and being leave = solidarity with the nation ? 
  i think you 're pulling too far on this one . . that 's not an entirely daft position to take though . . 
  if you think leaving is right for the country , then suddenly quite a few of the arguments for remaining seem to be more about benefits for certain groups than what 's good for the country . 
   nonetheless , in my experiences younger people often do feel more european than their parents . 
  absolutely , although i 'd be willing to bet that the number at any age who feel european is quite low in the uk , even if younger people do seem more positive toward the eu generally ( although they are probably also the group with the most outspoken anti-eu types in too . . ) . 
   if the referendum happened 20-30 years later i can imagine 60-70 % voting to stay in the eu . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think that this is a case of an idea peculating through society slowly and being held by die-hard older conservatives , i think its something that changes with age and perception of the eu . 
  i was never a massive europhile , but up until a few years ago i 'd have voted remain , now . . not so much . 
  that seems to be something that is true of quite a few people i know ( and i 'm not old ... ) . . you might be able to put it down to optimism i suppose , young people are after all more likely to take an optimistic view of the eu , whilst older people who might have had an optimistic vieww ( and indeed voted in in the last referendum ) have had that squashed a bit by the reality . . 
  i have n't seen an age by age breakdown , although that 'd be interesting given that about half the population is younger than 37 ( and half older obviously ... ) . 
   young people will have to study/work/live within or outside of the eu , and it 's clear what they prefer , while there is n't much change for older people , or am i missing something ? 
  what advantages are in for them if they leave ? 
  to be fair the data provided in the article emphasises the youngest and oldest elements of the spectrum . 
  if you look at 18-54 it 's considerably more balanced and 34-54 is majority leave . . that 's be the bulk of people in work , raising families , in a position to take advantage of or suffer any consequences of this decision . 
  if all the other groupings are right then i would assume that being a much smaller proportion of the population and potentially having a larger number of young people would be one factor . 
  education potentially too , i think i 'm right in saying that people from ethnic minority groups were more likely than to have degree level qualifications . 
  * edit - [ source on the education/ethnicity suggestion ] ( http://www.ethnicity.ac.uk/medialibrary/briefingsupdated/how-are-ethnic-inequalities-in-education-changing.pdf ) *, 
   if we are talking about juncker , fine . 
  that is what kicked off this thread . .  yet even his and many federalists ' ` endgame ' differ immensely aside from some very rough similarities . 
  a federation is a way of organising government competences , nothing else . 
  of course federalists will be at the very minimum in favour of a federation , but the specifics on how to get there and what precisely it should entail are of such importance that any discussion beyond the very superficial becomes impossible . 
  that 's hardly unique , it applies to pretty much everything . 
  the defining feature is n't specific it 's general . 
   believe these examples alone should be enough to highlight why a discussion which has only the minimalist idea of a federation in mind is as universal as it is irrelevant to a particular case ( here : the eu ) , and attempts to conclude political position from it are in my view dishonest simply because there really is not enough content at all to draw any conclusions . 
  no not really , the defining features relating to general structure ( federal government over several states ) and power/competencies are broadly similar . 
  there are better and worse models , different approaches to various aspects , but as a goal for the eu it is ( regardless of how or what you 'd like at the end . . ) about being a state and having a federal government instead of . . well not being a state and essentially not having a government . .  so before we talk about what federalists are and are not and how juncker fits into all of it , we 'd have to pinpoint what in the world we 're even talking about . 
  as it stands , especially when seeing it as something negative , federalism describes a fuzzy threat of ever closer union for the sake of union itself and whatever serves that goal . 
  that is decisively not what european federalism is . 
  how would you define the minimums ? 
  a eu federal government with true sovereignty but with most powers devolved to the states ? 
  they key would seem to be the binding together of countries into one sovereign entity , with a federal structure ... 
   the matter is : the agreements the eu ( and you ) are focussing on do not include these poor countries . 
  no , the issue is that the eu specifically limits access to the eu to smaller , poorer nations because they compete with european farmers . 
  that is n't an issue for uk farmers to the same extent , and the uk already imports 50 % of it 's food ... 
  so , leaving the eu would mean the uk would n't have to apply the punitive tariffs that the eu currently has to those nations . 
  the uk does n't need a trade agreement , it does n't need any kind of negotiation , it just needs to not apply eu tariffs to those countries . 
  without anything else , the cost of food in the uk drops and farmers from poorer countries have to a large market to sell their goods , a market they are currently cut off from due to protectionism within the eu ...  the current aim is china , the us , india , canada . 
  and if these agreements are more liberal than the eu agreements , the countries not included are put in an even worse competitive position . 
  again no . 
  firstly , the eu is failing miserably in putting in place any trade agreements at the moment . 
  secondly , reducing barriers between the uk/us/canada / india or whatever via a negotiated trade agreement , or other trade liberalisation is n't going to put poor agricultural producers in a less competitive position if we also remove the very , very large tariffs on their goods that currently make them uncompetitive . 
   that 's the whole eu though . 
  true , there are n't any numbers i 'd take as neutral that apply to the uk alone ( anything from a 3 % increase to a 17 % reduction in food pricing . . although it depends heavily on the shopping basket used . . ) but as a large importer of food ( compared to say france or germany ) it 's potentially a very large chunk of money . . 
   this is not the point . 
  the point is that uk agreements would be equally damaging for these countries . 
  why would they ? 
  if we are looking to reduce barriers more than the eu would , that is less damaging . .  it depends on the cheapest offer , but i do think that the impact is so minor that we should not consider it as a major point for a brexit . 
  no , it does n't depend on the cheapest offer , because at present the eu adds rather large cost by way of tariffs , if those tariffs are removed , eu countries would not be able to compete with african countries in exporting fruit juice to the uk . . and it does have a significant impact , if i do n't use the likely objectionable sources from the various campaigns , and go back to a uk government paper from a while back , the cost of eu tariffs on uk consumers in terms of higher food prices was [ # 50bn/y ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/220968/foi_eumembership_trade.pdf ) . 
  that 's a lot of money . . 
   the article explicitly talks about how trade agreements like ttip are innately problematic for third parties . 
  this point stands . 
  and i 'd agree with that , ttip is a eu/us trade agreement and it goes well beyond simply opening markets . .  those are the goods most valuable however . 
  they are the largest imports by value . . but less than 25 % of food related imports . . 
  i mean , the uk imports a billion dollars worth of fruit juice a year ... that 's rather a lot and it has massive tariffs applied to it . 
  the uk is n't going to suddenly import wine from the congo and baked goods from sudan , but it might spend more of that money importing fruit juice from south african and kenya , where at the moment it is importing it from ( or really via . . ) belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands instead . . 
  lets not pretend that being part of a bloc that locks out trade with smaller poorer nations to protect its farmers is anything but a problem for the countries who ca n't access to the market and consumers who have to spend more for the same goods . 
   it is just nuances however . 
  nothing that would matter to the poorer nations in this world . 
  if anything , the free trade agreements between the uk and other countries would be even more liberal than trade agreements between the eu and another country . 
  yes ... 
  the free trade agreements between the uk and other countries likely would be more liberal than between the eu and the same country , because the uk generally pushes for trade liberalisation ( which i happen to think is broadly a good thing for both sides . . ) . 
  that 's the point , it 's not that the uk will protect itself more , or be able to extract more from some poor african country , but rather that the uk subscribes to the notion that reducing barriers is generally a good thing . 
  that 's something the eu has n't really woken up to fully whenever it looks outside of its borders ( and in some cases within . . ) and the eu tends to have a bit of a protectionist bent ( and when it comes to things like regulation it seems to mess up perfectly sensible approaches like the precautionary principle ) . 
   a minor difference . 
  most of your food imports are goods like wine and pastries . 
  the uk imports half of the raw foods it uses , it goes well beyond wine and pastries and includes lots of stuff we ca n't grow easily in the uk . 
   presenting this as a case against remaining does not make sense however . 
  `` oh this club is not as nice as people often claim .
