   clearly this is one of the situations where two parties are in the position of screwing each other for little or no gain . 
  agreed , i suppose we 'll get a look at just how sensible both sides are to a small extent in how this is handled . 
   i 'm still not understanding what you mean by ` access ' . 
  it seems to me that you mean selling into the eu in the same way the us does . 
  similar yes , except the eu does n't have a trade agreement with the us , and there are fewer barriers currently between eu/uk trade , so any new barriers are a net negative for both sides . 
  it 'd depend on whatever agreement ends up in place , but i 'd assume it would mean the uk having access to the single market in a reasonably open way , and the eu having access to uk markets on the same sort of terms . 
   if we did that , it would be at significant economic cost and a significant drag on trade - because of the increase in regulatory barriers . 
  which is why , given the starting point , it 's likely that many of those barriers will be minimised , except where we ca n't find agreement . 
  but again , the more important bit in the ` access ' vs ` membership ' question is around where regulatory decisions are made and the applicability of regulations to uk domestic markets . 
  most things produced , and most services provided in the uk do not go to the eu ( the domestic market is far larger for uk companies than the eu market is , although that 's broadly true everywhere . . ) there is little benefit in being part of the single market , but outside of the other frameworks , so access rather than membership will likely be seen as preferable . 
  possibly , but at the same time , it damages credibility trying to impose rules that obviously wont be , so its one of those places where discretion should probably win out . 
  we 'll see i suppose . 
   yeah but that 's just trade under wto rules . 
  that would be one way of accessing the single market , a better way would be a bilateral fta with the eu that sets out access in a manner that makes sense to both sides . 
   the single market is all about harmonisation of rules , regulations and standards - the ` holy grail ' of trade agreements . 
  if we come out of it then it will make trade with europe significantly more difficult . 
  the single market also means applying those rules , regulations and standards to your own markets ( and the other areas were that touches , like employment and so on ) . 
  that is n't the holy grail of trade agreements , it 's a completely different approach . 
  the idea there is to remove all barriers ( free movement of goods , services , people and capital ) , but the cost is the ability to regulate goods , services , people and capital at a national level . 
  i 'd probably also add that currently the single market is n't complete , and lags in some significant areas ( like services for example ... ) . 
  that takes us back to the ` follow their rules without having a say ' , that will apply to exports ( it should . . ) it does to us exports now , or chinese ones too , exporters need to meet the rules their customers have in place . 
  however outside of the single market , those regulations do n't apply to domestic production and all the areas that touches on ... now here is the fun part , all of our current exports do meet all of the standards that the single market has in place , and the uk economy , whilst likely to diverge from the single market , is already a good fit for eu exporters , and of course the uk has traditionally been a very open economy . 
  that makes it far easier for the uk/eu to come to an agreement that is beneficial to both sides , with the uk outside of the single market . .  ` access ' to the single market means being part of it . 
  nope , it means the ability to sell to it and be sold things from it , being part of it means quite a bit more . 
  an agreement that between the uk and countries that are members of the single market for access to each other markets . 
  the only thing that is certain is that we are going to leave the eu , beyond that it really is n't clear . 
  the uk government will have to come to a conclusion about the best options available to the uk , and i 'd find it hard to believe that membership of the single market as part of one of the existing structures , as opposed to access , would qualify . 
  this is after all about doing what is in the best interests of the uk in the context of the decision to leave the eu . 
  except of course that quite a lot of people would make the argument that the uk does n't want to be part of the single market , it wants to negotiate access to it . . 
  probably not given the usual time-frames involved in implementing this kind of thing . 
  it would make more sense to simply push it through with an opt-out for the uk in the event that the other members want it . 
   everyone could have found out brexit would do this , but yet there 's brexiteers burying their faces in the sand . 
  the uncertainty is a given , the medium and long term economic impacts are n't . 
  it would be pretty absurd to say that we ca n't change anything that might cause some short term uncertainty ... 
  it is now , it probably wont be again by 9am tomorrow , and then it might be again a bit after ... 
  the volatility in the currency is causing the change , the underlying economies are n't changing significantly at all ... * edit : i was wrong , it was n't until 10:30 am ish . . 
  i did read the whole article , i was commenting on your quote and i 'm not wrong , so what 's your point ? 
   2 trillion a day market trading euro will surely continue to be through london once uk leaves . 
  no problem at all . 
  right ? 
  most likely yes ? 
  the uk is the worlds leading fx trading location , something like 40 % of fx goes through the uk , that 's not just euro 's that every currency out there . 
  you are n't suggesting that the eu will try to regulate to force trading in the euro to be carried out inside th eu are you ? 
  and you are basing that on what exactly ? 
  and you 'll want access to financial services in london so it 'll balance out somewhere along the line . 
   without that you ca n't have for example freeedom of services except the eu does n't really have freedom of services in any meaningful sense . 
  the argument i would make is that this referendum really was advisory . 
  it was n't a ` we will leave the eu on tuesday and join the eea ' or anything specific , it was literally a question from parliament to the people asking whether we remain in the eu nor not . 
  that 's a valid question and there are pretty solid ways to act on that advice that are n't so chaotic . 
  we could have had a clearer view on what we 'd do once that advice was given , both for leve and remain ( given remain relied heavily on the notion of a reformed eu - beyond what the pm arranged in february . . ) . 
  it could have been a ` if we leave we will begin a process to decide what relationship we want with the eu and then begin the process for leaving ' or similar . 
  but again , there seems to have been a feeling that anything like that might have made the choice to leave easier and so government avoided it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the uncertainty is worth the cost , the question was asked and answered and we are now on a different path , even if we do n't have the specifics , but damn , gambling like this and losing for what seems to be campaigning reasons is not clever . 
   his aim is not a strong response on racism , his aim is to equate racism with brexiteers . 
  probably both to be frank . 
  its a concrete ` we can do something about this ' and ` they are bad ' message . 
   an incredibly despicable and intellectually dishonest tactic so widely used by the political left it has practically become a synonym for the leftwing . 
  it 's used by everyone , left and right . 
  together with the ` paint the other side as something and then argue against that rather than reality ' its not great ... 
   the problem isnt the decision being unrealistic but the actual will and ability to act being it because the government imploded . 
  that tends to not happen following elections . 
  no , it does n't , and that is a very fair point . 
  i think what annoys me most is that this is basically the result of government policy , there was a push to create the impression that voting leave was a leap in the dark , that was backstopped by publicly saying that there would be no planning , that the civil service could n't do what they normally do for likely ge winners and so on . 
  the uncertainty would always have been there , the utter lack of transition planning was an extra cost that should n't have been ignored . 
   the referendum outcome is fine . 
  other countries have had stupider ones ( ban minarettes via constitution in a country with one minarette , anyone ? ) . 
  its how that conclusion came about and , more importantly , the house of cards style fiasco to follow . 
  that just is n't an example anyone should be following . 
  agreed . 
  the utter lack of preparedness and resilience seems almost bizarre in its scale . 
   it 's not a general election , and it 's debatable whether such a referendum should have even been allowed . 
  no , its not debatable at all . 
  of course you should allow referendums when you do n't have a clear mandate from the electorate on an issue and it has a significant impact on the makeup of the country . 
  the scottish independence referendum , the various devolution referendums , the ec referendum and so on are all good reasons for referendums to be held . 
   you vote for your representative government , they should make the best decision for a matter that millions of people do n't know anything about . 
  and in most cases that makes sense , except when the question is directly about government . 
  there was no way of making a political choice in the eu within the existing system so a referendum was appropriate . 
   some eu countries even prohibit referenda when it comes to international treaties . 
  for example , in italy it would be against the constitution to hold a referendum like brexit . 
  this was n't a referendum about an international treaty , it was a referendum about self-determination , with decent arguments on both sides . 
  if you do n't allow for referendums on something as fundamental as who governs you , the result is messy and very unpleasant . 
  instead , we 've had a democratic process with an outcome that indicates most people would prefer the uk to take a different path to the one it was on . 
  that 's fine . 
  in that vein , do you think scotland should n't be allowed to have a referendum on independence because the issues are complicated and it could have a large economic impact ? 
   which general elections have led to a similar level of economic fallout ? 
  2010 with austerity , the changes to the welfare system , education , government spending and so on will have had a much bigger impact . 
  you could argue that the 1997 election lead to the 2008 crash if you are so inclined . 
  the uk government has done far more damage through its own missteps in the past than this refrendum is likely to have . 
   this is in no way comparable to election results . 
  people may not agree with their governments ' economic policies , but at least their policies are planned and based in reality . 
  this decision is neither . 
  this decision is absolutely based in reality , lots of people see the uks future as one that is outside of the eu . 
  that 's fine . . 
  it 's not some utterly unthinkable position , or indeed an unjustifiable one . 
   no , on election day you might get a bsd candidate , but atleast that guy is half aware of whats going on , unlike the general public . 
  the general public are collectively pretty well aware of what is going on in general terms . .  and if its the politician made that mistake that took the country downhill , you can jail that politician and go on with your life , no . . we can '' t ? 
  we 've had bigger mistakes made , policy changes with much bigger impact for people , hell , black wednesday , joining the erm , the iraq war , suez . . any number of economic decisions . 
  you can make a semi-decent argument that the 2010 elections , with the switch to austerity , changes to the legal system , changes to the health and education system and the increases in student loans cost people a huge amount , changed the country significantly and hurt opportunity for many , and had a much bigger impact than the eu vote will have . 
  no-one is in jail . . you do n't jail people for political opinions after all . 
   but you cant do that with a referendum , at which point the people have the worst power ever : unlimited power with zero responsibility towards anyone .
