  you need people and governments involved during the whole process , not just ask them at the end . 
   `` being happy with it '' is still to be determined . 
  the eu negotiators are clearly happy with the agreement , the point being that the eu should be representing members , not acting like a third party . 
   there is no deal until it 's signed and ratified . 
  the problem is unrealistic expectations . 
  those steps in the procedure are not for show , and they exist to give regions etc. 
  the chance to object , at the last moment if need be . 
  which is the problematic part , either act within realistic boundaries , or not at all . 
  it already takes the eu massively longer than anyone else to come to an agreement , if it is then still potentially not doable , then the eu is just wasting peoples time . 
   the best cure against such last-minute delays is to consult them exhaustively beforehand , something that was n't adequately done . 
  agreed . 
   i disagree . 
  this is belgium 's last chance to weigh in . 
  contrary to other countries , they will ratify a treaty they signed . 
  indeed , but the appearances are still quite important , the notion that a regional government got concessions like this and appearing to hold the eu hostage over it is pretty damning . 
   i do n't expect this is to be the last hurdle , other countries only allow their courts and regions to weigh in after signing , before ratification . 
  at least at this point a compromise is still possible . 
  yup , the uk is having a debate , but no vote ( iirc ) but there may be issues elsewhere . 
  a saving grace in terms of appearing competent may well be the challenge in the canadian courts . .  i do n't think it will enhance the credibility of the eu if it just signs anything after a certain time just not to lose face . 
  of course not , the eu should n't sign up to anything it is n't happy with . 
  but when the eu is happy , it should be able to sign an agreement and have it implemented . 
   that 's the best reputation you can have when going into a negotiation , so the other party knows they have to make good terms and posturing to rush the deal through wo n't work . 
  if you make a deal with the eu , have them say they are happy with it , and then have the eu , or small regions of the eu come back to ask for changes after the negotiations , that 's not great . . 
  yup . . 
  the idea of tying judges to a political process and public opinion is pretty horrifying . 
  i doubt it actually , i think they 'll set a date and formalise some of the scrutiny , but i doubt that they 'll either include anything on positions or ( as some people have suggested ) the need for a second vote after the negotiations . 
  no doubt someone will try to do something stupid , but it wo n't get the support it needs . 
  the biggest question really is about how fast it can be enacted . . 
   so , how would the parliament vote on it ? 
  one suggestion is that the government would introduce a short bill that covers article 50 and potentially a few other uncontroversial and related elements , that would go through the normal process . 
  so if it 's introduced in the commons it 'd need a simple majority in the commons before being passed to the lords , where it 'd also require a simple majority . 
  if the lords reject it it 'd go back to the commons , but essentially they can only delay , not prevent the passage of a bill assuming the government keeps pushing . 
  i am familiar with the concept of federalism , but this is n't that either . 
  i mean , if we were electing commissioners then sure , but then the eu is n't federal . 
  the structures are a hack to try and balance member states interests and provide something that looks like a traditional , representative democracy . 
  it has n't really worked very well , and that 's at least partly because the eu has n't moved toward a federal model formally ( hence the co-decision making stuff . 
  spitzenkandidat process and the various other kludges that do n't quite do what they are supposed to ) . 
  it also is n't helped by some member states using the eu commissioners post as a handy way to dump senior politicians that are n't quite what the home front wants onto the eu . 
  i mean , in the uk , if a party gets a majority in parliament , it can then appoint ministers from those in parliament . 
  it then gets to set the political and legislative agenda and drive it forward ( with the size of the majority dictating what sort of ability it has to do that ... ) . 
  the ep does n't appoint commissioners from within its ranks at all , it does n't get to choose them , the member states do , and in proportions that have nothing to do with elections . 
  the government in the uk is a product of an election , the eu 's equivalent elements are n't . 
  no , but on issues ... ( and obviously when there are referendums on constitutional questions , a single issue . . ) . 
  you are still asking people to make a decision based on a particular direction , much as with the brexit vote , when people were asked about a particular direction , not a specific implementation , or indeed the indyref . . 
  yes , by the pm , but the vast majority are mps ( they have to sit in parliament . . ) too . 
   we ca n't afford uneducated people to make decisions about the future . 
  so a test before we allow people to vote ? 
  or only votes on inconsequential issues ? 
   when i fly , i do n't expect the captain to fly the plane by consensus with the people in the cabin . 
  no , but i presume you generally pick where you are going rather than leaving it up to the pilot . . 
  in this case , you are picking your destination and airline , and they provide the pilot to do the flying , the engineers to do the maintenance and so on . . people have a choice as to how they are governed . 
  choosing whether you are in the eu or out of it , whether you want a labour or a tory mp , whether you want a councillor who supports local parks , or wants to increase policing etc. . are all choices for the electorate . 
  its really not that hard , the ep is directly elected by eu citizens , the european council is made up of the heads of government of eu member states neither has legislative initiative . 
  the commission , which does have legislative initiative , is made up of commissioners who are appointed ( not elected ) and who are at best vetted by the ep . 
   things are set up differently in the uk and eu , it does not mean they are more or less democratic . 
  we have to leave it at that . 
  given that the eu body with actual legislative initiative is made up of people put forward by the uk government ( and the governments of other eu states ) and not elected , you can argue about the role of un-elected people in setting a political agenda and pushing legislation though . 
  i mean on that basis , by adding another layer of abstraction , it 's not going to be more democratic is it ? 
  you could also argue that even if you just look at the only elected body it does a worse job of representing it 's constituencies because of its size and the interplay between its own mandate and the power of the various member states . . 
  they are different , there are issues with both , but it is also entirely legitimate to argue that there is an issue with the eu in terms of democracy and accountability . . 
   the governments are usually not elected , not in the uk and not in other eu countries i know of . 
  the governments are named . 
  governments are formed when there is a majority of elected members in a parliament , sometimes as single parties , sometimes as coalitions . 
  they are n't named by some external grouping , and they are usually made up of elected members . 
   the mistaken view , that in the uk the government is elected , is ingrained with the british commenters , but it 's wrong . 
  mps are elected , governments are formed by the party , or a coalition of parties that have the most mps . . 
  i do n't think i , or anyone else in this thread is suggesting anything different . 
  i get the impression however that you are deflecting , especially as there is no real comparison between how a uk government is formed and how governance within the eu is set up . . 
   democracy is not the tyranny of the majority . 
  people with the proper skills and background need to make the proper decisions , within a system of checks of balances where everybody has a voice . 
  right . . 
  so you have a professional civil service to ensure that there are people who have the skills to properly implement decisions , but surely an elected government should be setting the policy direction for the country ? 
  take the examples you 've given of ` bad things ' trump and brexit , now , personally i think trump would be a disaster for the us , but if people in the us want to go that way that surely has to be up to them , they get a say in how they are governed ... 
  the same goes for the uk leaving the eu , there is nothing problematic about that unless you suggest that people should n't even have a say in who legislates on their behalf . 
   you do n't let people take a vote on your brain surgery , do you ? 
  no , but i get a say in if i want it or not , then i let experts do the job . . my brain being ruled by a constituency of one and all that . 
  democracy is n't the be all and end all , we should n't be electing judges or police officers ( although some places do . . ) , but it is quite important that government reflects the views of the people it seeks to govern . 
  i 'd argue that the disconnect between the political direction of the eu and the views expressed by eu is a real problem that someone will have to deal with at some point . 
  or to put it another way , the only people actually directly elected by eu citizens are the ones with less control over the legislative process ? 
  everyone else is appointed by other governments and at best confirmed by the ep ( the commission is n't elected by the ep after all ) or elected to a national body . . again , the argument is that the right of legislative initiative sits with an appointed body , not an elected one . 
  there are arguments for that , but it does n't change the basis of issue . 
   the fact that the eu parliament can vote on , but can not propose new legislation , may actually be an advantage because it adds more checks and balances to the democratic process . 
  possibly , but that 's an argument for having un-elected people proposing legislation , not an argument against it ( and i see the benefit of the lords not being elected , so i can sort of sympathise ) . 
  the issue i have is that it does n't so much balance the democratic process as make it less transparent and create the kind of distortions that make it hard to pin responsibility on to a given body for action or inaction . 
   in fact , i am actually happy that people who are the experts in their field are the ones proposing the legislation instead of officials elected by the average voter . 
  then why bother with democracy at all ? 
  the uk elects mp 's , mp 's of a party with a majority of seats are able to form a government . 
  in the eu context , the commission is appointed externally by the member states . . hell , even if you took the cabinet as the comparison , all bar one post in the cabinet are elected mps ( the one post that is n't is the leader of the lords ) . 
  oh and of course you do n't need to be in government to propose legislation in the uk either , private members bills are a thing , although obviously they still need the support of a majority of mps , which is problematic if the governing party or coalition has a majority and is opposed . 
  the ep ( and member states , and others ... ) have the power to suggest that the commission legislate on an issue , but that 's not quite the same thing and does take you back to the commission . 
  frankly both the uk and the eu need reform , but it 's hard to argue that within the eu , the commission is n't made up of individuals not elected by eu citizens , and that they alone have the right to legislative initiative , or indeed that in the uk that the government is somehow un-elected . 
   that is the definition of bureaucrat . 
  but not ruling , the point being that the civil service do n't have a role on setting policy direction or formally initiating legislation in the way that say the european commission does . 
  this argument is n't about the civil service ( because lets face it , every civil service is involved in governance . . ) it is about what roles the various eu institutions have . 
  even if we consider the evolving co-decision approach that the eu/council are sort of embarking on , you ca n't really compare an externally appointed ( in the context of the ep ) commission to say the cabinet in the uk . 
  in the uk the government can govern because it has an electoral mandate that translates into votes in parliament , in the eu , the ep under the current setup is far , far more constrained ( by design ) . 
  how is n't that true ? 
  you 'd normally expect your elected representatives to have legislative initiative as part of their remit to at least some extent , depending on structure . 
  there are a few approaches , but most of the time , it is elected representatives who decide the political direction and legislative agenda . 
  i think the issue is that the parent is conflating the civil service with un-elected governance , which is daft because we are talking about who can make rules , or rather who legislates .
