  someone posted this to / r/europe too -  https://nato.usmission.gov/nato-ballistic-missile-defense-bmd-myth-vs-fact/ it includes : * geography and physics make it impossible for the nato system to shoot down russia 's sophisticated long-range land - and sea-based ballistic missiles from nato bmd sites in romania or poland . 
  russia knows this . 
  we have made this clear to russian authorities , many times and at the highest level . 
   if that 's the case why is the kremlin incredibly butthurt by this move ? 
  because they get butthurt by anything . . 
  probably also because if nato ever comes up with a working abm system it means at least extra cost to counter it and at worst a real risk of an attack by nato ( or at least that 'd be their thinking , in much the same way as the us would assume the same in similar circumstances . . ) . 
   missile defense will only be a deterrent to launches . 
  not conventional forces slowly annexing a region . 
  yeah , i agree , that 's why i asked why it was relevant . 
   the appetite for war in the west ( especially among western european nato members is so low ) that i think the rf could relatively easily break nato by drawing the us and uk and not the germans and others , into a protracted insurgent driven war in an annexed area of their choice . 
  given there are currently at least three insurgent driven conflict ongoing that involve nato forces all around russia 's periphery ( well , mostly . . ) , and one in europe that involves no nato forces you could argue that you do n't need russian intervention to strain nato . 
  still , russia would benefit from nato losing influence or breaking up , but at the same time it does n't benefit from outright conflict with countries that are in nato . 
  i 'd argue that whilst russia is trying to regain a buffer between itself and nato members , the countries where it would need to act latvia and estonia are already nato members and have the support of germany and other eu states . 
  i ca n't see any way that russia could end up with a ukraine like scenario in either . 
   what 's more likely is russia slowly annexing nations when the will to defend them is n't strong . 
  certainly more likely , although still fairly unlikely if you are talking about eu/nato members . 
   look at the demographics of the easternmost nations . 
  the german public has already said ` why die for danzig ? ', 
  when it comes to poland . 
  indeed , and i think that 's a much bigger issue . 
  if we have things like nato they have to actually be there and work together . 
  i think it 's probably fair to say that the expansion of natos role has helped and hindered that ( it has remained relevant , but seen as problematic by some ) . 
  we expanded nato and now have a responsibility either way , and that means dying for danzig or anywhere else for that matter if it comes to it . 
   ukraine was n't in nato , neither was georgia , but how committed to nato are the strongest european nations ? 
  there are really two parts to that . 
  i think that all nato members would come to the aid of a member if attacked , and if it asked for assistance , if they did n't it would destroy nato . . 
  i 'm not sure what the response would be to internal rifts involving russian minorities though . 
  at the same time , i do n't think russia would be anything like as able to get involved directly in that kind of issue in a nato member , if for no other reason than the risk would outweigh the potential benefits . 
  ukraine and georgia are significantly different prospects from poland or latvia or turkey ... and none of that is terribly relevant to missile defence , a missile defence site is n't going to prevent a hypothetical ` internal ' issue any more than it would be able to defend against a russian nuclear strike . . for that we need a bit more cooperation and coordination across nato and potentially the eu ( which is also eroding relations at the moment . . ) . 
   depends on what russia 's end game is , a missile defense system takes away a lot of advantages of a first strike capability , as many of the planned missiles could be intercepted and destroyed , giving nato a chance to retaliate with missiles . 
  not really , a russian first strike would n't be by simple srbm/irbm 's after all , it does nothing about submarine launched weapons and very little to deal with anything air launched or otherwise . 
  it also does n't counter icbms so . . 
  i suppose if russia wanted to carry out a first strike with a handful of less capable missiles it 'd help a bit , but not a concerted one . 
  the other side of that argument , if it were valid of course , is that it could also be used to prevent retaliation against a first strike by the us/nato making it more likely for the us/nato to strike first . 
  but again , that does n't seem likely given the current capabilities of abm systems vs the slew of weapons available to both sides . 
  forward deploying weapons always alters the balance a bit , but i do n't really see it as terribly likely or all that useful . 
  firstly , it 'd be relatively easy to identify , secondly it 's a fixed location and thirdly submarines and ships are far more effective if you want a hard to find , hard to kill close to your enemy type system . 
  moreover , doing so would only invite similar moves in response ( the whole cuba/turkey thing . . ) so no-one really benefits from knocking off a fairly small amount of flight time for a missile . 
  i certainly have n't seen anything to suggest that this is the intention either . . 
  that would seem even less likely . . 
  there is lots of it out there , depends on what you are specifically after . 
  [ wikipedia has a good overview ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_missile_defence_system ) of the whole proposed system ( although that 's subject to change ) . 
  if you have a specific think you are interested in i can probably point you at something . 
  again , this was sold as a capability against a threat from rogue states with a limited capability , the aegis system ( which does work to a point and is rather good ... ) does that . 
  but the point is that it 's closer to israel 's iron dome than a comprehensive missile shield ( as it is sometimes presented . . ) . 
   a missile defense grid that integrates all abm capable hardware in an entire theatre is more capable than you may think . 
  against what though ? 
  if the threat is a handful of srbm 's ( say ss21 's ) , some future irbm or missiles from ` rogue states ' or terrorist organisations like isis , that might get their hands on some proper kit then yes , absolutely and i do n't think that 's a bad idea , although it 's still patchy . 
  if we are talking about strategic defence against russia it 's a different ballgame entirely ( and one that does n't end well regardless , but that 's a separate issue . . ) . 
  i think people conflate the nato theatre missile defence stuff with the us national missile defence program . 
  granted the latter has a lot of issues and is nowhere near being a full strategic defence system , but the former is n't even intended to be . 
  the capability is around defending against a fairly limited threat , and that pretty much excludes russia . 
  even if we ignore the effectiveness of the system generally , the tiny number of intercept missiles vs the massive number of potential launchers basically renders it pointless . 
  if we go the other way ( assumed we could field enough launchers for each potential inbound missile ) , boost phase intercept ( the best one ... ) requires launchers to be within 50km of the launch site , mid-course defence does n't seem to work yet , and terminal defence ca n't deal with mirv 's effectively . 
  and all the public data suggests that testing and capabilities assume no ew component and no interference with the defensive sites . . more to the point , as far as i am aware , this is all geared toward irbm 's from semi-fixed ground based launchers , not icbms or mobile launches from ships or submarines . 
  no amount of missile defence , at least nothing on the table currently , is going to protect europe from russian missiles if it ever gets that far . 
   adoption should be illegal since the kids do n't have a choice if they want to have 2 dads or a normal childhood to be fair , kids do n't have a lot of choice when they are n't being adopted either and given that ' a normal childhood ' is going to be an approximation at the best of times . 
  given that adoptive parents are going to go through far more scrutiny than biological parents ever are , i 'd argue that it makes no sense to prevent a kid being adopted on the basis of the adoptive parents sexual preference . 
  maybe that 's more valid in countries where there is n't massive social stigma attached to lgbt couples , but hey , even then it has to be better than being raised by the state or remaining with abusive or otherwise unfit parents . 
   from a notriously environmentally hostile government who has slashed all kinds of support for renewable energy to be fair , some of that was stupid ( and the fracking stuff is n't exactly wonderful ... ) but some of it is actually reasonable . 
  subsidies to establish an industry makes sense , to maintain it when it 's growing do n't . 
  now if we could just apply that to some other stuff things might be a little saner . . 
  i do n't think cracking down on tax evasion or harmonized retirement ages would put a dent in the issue . 
  limiting budgetary deficits does n't really work on a per country basis , but might work across the whole bloc if there were fiscal transfers ... 
  but then that 'd be pretty unpopular . 
   is that housing discrimination ? 
  again , someone with more a in depth understanding would probably be better able to answer , but i think the issue is around access to housing if you end up not able to live at home . 
  there is limited support for young people generally , but as i understand it gay people are disproportionately impacted ( and that is seen in the homelessness stats . . ) and discrimination is n't taken seriously enough ( local authorities not properly taking into account that they ca n't rely on family support . . ) . 
  so it 's a mix of a lack social acceptance in some quarters ( a family kicking their child out . . ) , limited social support and apparently there are lingering issues with homophobia in private letting too . 
  i doubt very much that anyone providing social housing is actively discriminating against lgbt people , but where existing discrimination and other factors are n't included in prioritising support then i can see that as an issue . 
  if for example you de-prioritise someone for housing as they have family in the area , but that family has kicked that person out for being gay , then it perpetuates the issues . . to be honest , on housing it 's a mess anyway with the various government cuts . 
  it 's incredibly hard to get support and the support net is set too low , leading to issues around maintaining a job and being able to get yourself sorted out . 
  i 've seen that generally and understand it has a greater impact on the lgbt community . 
   or example pineapple to ananass can we also have schmetterling ? 
   what are the issues around blood/organs ? 
  men who have sex with men ( termed msm in context . . ) are not able to donate ( lifetime bans/deferrals ) in some countries and it 's an issue that is still seen as discriminatory , in terms of risk i think i 'm right in saying that lifetime bans are n't reasonable and out of line with other people who have a higher risk of various infections that could impact donated blood . 
   is n't housing discrimination covered by the discrimination laws most countries with gay marriage have in place ? 
  in some , not all ( iirc . . ) . 
  the basis of that is that lgbt people are at a greater risk of homelessness because of pressures to leave home from family , friends and others and lingering issues with discrimination . 
  to be honest , i 'm not 100 % up on all the issues , you 'd probably want someone who has been involved in the gay rights movement , or who is gay and has seen some of this first hand to give a better overview . 
  having worked with some lgbt campaigners on other issues though , i have to say that i was surprised just how many hurdles , unofficial or otherwise still exist . 
  well yes , although that could be managed if there was support for more economic integration , probably some joint tax policy and so on . 
  but that is n't exactly terribly popular . . 
  it basically leads to the view that ` why are we punished for working hard and for having a successful economy ' . 
  which is understandable , if problematic . 
  another poster mentioned that ` the euro is not an economic or even fiscal project , it was always a political thing ' , and that 's slowly becoming a real problem that no-one wants to have to deal with . 
  there can be issues around things like adoption , blood and organ donation , protection from discrimination on housing and so on that are n't covered by legalising gay marriage . 
  of course some of the issues might simply be discrimination rather than a legal bar and and so basically subject to public opinion but there can also be laws that do n't specifically target a particular group , but have a much greater impact on one than any others . 
  in short , it can be a whole slew of things , even where gay marriage has been legalised and there are n't laws that explicitly target homosexuality . 
   probably , because the benefits of leaving the eu combined with the consequences , might not outweigh ... actually i would more point to the fact that for a lot of ukip voters , the issue is just eu membership . 
  once we leave the eu that issue ceases to be as much of an issue and ukip voters can go back to voting conservative or labour etc. .  have you ever heard of the saying `` the straw that broke the camels back '' ? 
  yes , but it implies lots of other straws , remove one from somewhere else and it ceases to be responsible . 
  i do n't think the uk leaving would be that straw and there is no real reason to think that it would be , or that any collapse would come quickly . 
  things like the greek crisis and migrant crisis are far more likely to have a long lasting impact . 
   that 's why i 've said repeatedly that during better times it would not be as big of a deal , but right now is probably the worst possible time for the uk to consider leaving if saving the eu and the european economy is of any concern to people . 
  to be fair , on that basis any time in the last decade would n't have been a good time for the eu , for the uk to leave . 
  but the eu can hardly keep its members hostage by suggesting that any period of crisis is a bad time , then lurching from crisis to crisis . 
   of course , there 's some fringe groups pushing for all kinds of stuff at any given time but it 's always during bad times that public sentiment leans towards self-preservation due to fear . 
  it 's not irrational or wrong necessarily , just not always the optimal solution . 
  to be honest , if that were true there would have been worse times ( or better if you prefer leave . . ) to have this referendum,
