  hence the newsworthiness . 
   here is an alternative headline . 
  the vast majority of the population of the eu think it is a good deal and like being free to move around , work where ever , have the security of solid consumer and worker protections etc etc. 
  right . . and if you had a poll that actually said that , and if the eu were the sole provider of solid consumer and worker protections you might have a point . 
  but instead you seem incensed that people might not hold the same view that you do , and that a polling company has issued a report that backs that up and , apparently that reuters ( known for taking any old rubbish apparently . . ) published it . 
  hiding from these issues and these opinions wo n't make you more right , it 'll just mean people get more pissed off that no-one is listening to them and then you really will see movements , with significant support , pushing not only to hold referendums , but to actually leave . 
   the point is that if the uk decides to leave , the eu can not give favorable terms to the uk , but it has to appear to not be overly vindictive at the same time . 
  no , but they can give then decent terms and claim they are n't favourable . . 
  essentially it comes down to expectation management . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that national politicians are going to be under pressure from industry more than they are from almost anything else , so it 's not unreasonable to assume that a decent agreement , with some concessions either way can be reached . 
  and again , the starting point is one where the uk conforms to pretty much everything the eu might ask for in terms of regulation , which essentially leaves tariffs and a few other aspects of the current uk/eu arrangement . 
  tarriffs are bounded by wto rules and would end up being mutual if they are used at all , whilst the major non-tarrif benefits that the uk currently have are all rather beneficial to people and firms operating across the eu ...  from a purely economic standpoint it would of course be best to give the uk a favorable deal , and maybe this would have been possible in good economic times . 
  but it 's about much more than economics at this point . 
  it is , and i think that the eu might be wise to frame it in this way , they can and should emphasise what the uk loses access to ( the eu 's decision making , foreign policy might , a future army , the possibility of joining schengen and the euro etc. . all the stuff that the eu usually bills as positive . ), 
  and how they wo n't bend to the uk to influence those . .  if more eu countries begin to have referendums and some decide to leave as right-wing populists are encouraged by the uk . 
  this could end up leading to something like a bank run , where people out of fear , panic and selfishness exit the eu thinking the grass is greener , whereas if everyone remained calm and dealt with the situation everything would be ok . 
  setting aside for a moment that leaving the eu is n't just a right-wing populist position ( indeed traditionally in the uk its a left wing position . . ) if those conditions are already in place you have bigger issues . 
  the other obvious point is that the eu should make hay out of losing members who seem not to subscribe to its own basic aims . 
  plus , the uk leaving is significant in that it is a huge market , with a solid economy , a large population , capable military , nuclear weapons and a lot of influence globally , it 's also not a eurozone country and not a schengen member , any other loss would be less significant and likely involve the periphery too . 
  if europe wants to signal strength , the way to do it is to move forward with the core , not try to hold on to the edges which presumably , even in the eu will then act as a constraining force . 
   this would of course have far reaching economic and political consequences , maybe a global great depression due to the world economy being so interdependent , then we 're down an ugly road where there could be civil wars in europe , maybe even wars between countries . 
  russia could use this as an opportunity to collapse nato by attacking the baltics as europe is unable to respond due to its own problems and if trump is elected the us might pull its support for nato altogether . 
   so the uk leaving is potentially an existential threat to the eu . 
  seriously ? 
  i mean , taking a bit of a leap there do n't you think ? 
  i could argue that the uk remaining in the eu is also an existential threat . 
  it could hold back the eu from forming a proper military alliance , leaving it open to attack economically by china . 
  the various convoluted alliances and economic interdependence , as well as years of underspending on on defence , would then lead to a soft approach to initial aggression by the northern european powers leading to the crumbling of nato and the eu . 
  faced with a weak europe , russia would be emboldened and attempt to both economically and eventually militarily widen its influence . 
  the result being a war in which china and russia once again face off against the us and europe , with europe as the battleground . . 
  so the uk remaining could lead to wwiii !, 
  in all seriousness , the eu can absolutely survive the uk leaving , and can prosper afterwards . 
  this would n't indicate anything like the dissolution of the eu , it might make it a bit smaller , but that 's about it . 
  if it did lead to a break up of the eu , its still not going to lead to war unless something far more significant than the uk leaving an intergovernmental club happens first . . 
  the significant point is the result of a poll , if you had a 19 inch penis it 'd be a story , having a 20 inch penis would simply make it slightly bigger . . 
  really ? 
  because if it were more than half the population the story would be about 9 member states leaving the eu , you 'd think it would be a story before it got to that point ... 
  whether you like it or not , this is clearly a story and something that the eu and member states in question should probably think about ... 
  again , i agree with you . 
  my question to the parent , was about what they were trying to present , because it read a lot like they felt that leaving the eu was n't possible via the mechanisms that exist unilaterally . 
  which would obviously be false . 
  why on earth would it be a non-story if a significant minority in 9 eu member states would like to see a referendum ? 
  that 's a pretty big deal . 
  if 45 % of americans wanted a referendum on breaking up the us , or 45 % of germans wanted a referendum on breaking up germany it 's be massive news . . 
  i agree , just wondering if that 's what the parent thought . 
  he seemed to be equating to withdrawing from an agreement via a mutually agreed method in the relevant treaty to violating the terms of one . . 
   you mentioned the balkans later down , might i remind you that one faction in the yugoslavian breakup participated in escalating tensions in the initial phases precisely because they did n't want to give up the common supra-national entity ( among others reasons ) this is actually more relevant than it appears , if you believe that nationalism is such a huge problem that it causes wars essentially by existing , then what will the impact of european nationalism be in the context of a europe wide federal entity and identity ... 
  if i were the parent , i 'd presumably have to be very worried about those that identify as european and those that , as in this thread , see anything negative in relation to the eu ( like the uk leaving . . ) as some sort of aggressive act ... 
  nationalism does n't simply evaporate because the eu exists , some of could well be based on an ` eu nation ' , whilst the kind of national and regional nationalism we have now wo n't go away either ( i mean , scottish nationalism is rather old , and it 's not alone . . ) . 
  check the sidebar ... 
   shows how you have yet to develop any non-financial industry can can compete on an international level . 
  this is utterly absurd . 
  the uk is a huge economy , and the 9th largest exporter in the world , yes it has a large and growing services sector , but it also has significant non-services exports that absolutely do compete at an international level . 
  i mean , lets face it , many eu countries have significant service sectors , they contribute significantly to their gdp ( if they did n't , they 'd have massive unemployment ... ) . 
  one area where the uk leads the world is financial services , that 's not a bad thing though is it ? 
  i mean , lots of countries , including those in the eu have tried to emulate that to little success ... 
  the uk , france and germany ( and italy . . ) have a significant trade relationship in goods and services , that 's precisely because all three of them have industries that compete at the international level ... 
   the problem are parasitic special snowflakes that try to fuck over the rest of the federation for their own agenda ... 
  the problem is that all eu members are n't on the same page and have different aims and objectives , they see different roles for the eu . 
  that is n't an argument to tell some of them to shut up and comply , they are just as much members as anyone else after all . 
  however , as you point out , it may well be that for some eu members , the benefits of membership cease to be sufficient to keep them in and they may well then leave if they either ca n't get the concessions needed to redress the balance , or the eu changes significantly in some other way . . 
  that 's not what the poll suggests and frankly if it were , this 'd be much bigger news , almost half of europeans ( in 9 eu members . . ) wanting to leave would be a huge issue . . 
  right ... and that all exists currently , in the eu . 
  it is n't starting conflicts and as we saw from scotland , can be run through democratic processes . 
  people have a right to self-determination after all , and simply searching for independence does n't mean they will move to create conflict . 
  i 'd argue that if there were a ` eu identity ' that most people subscribed to then maybe you could argue that the eu has basically done away with national identity and the possibility of war on the grounds of nationality , but it has n't done anything of the sort . 
  there is no eu identity , certainly no european one and there are ( and likely always will be ) barriers based loosely on national identity . 
  the eu not existing , or the uk leaving wo n't suddenly ignite that into grounds for conflict though . 
  indeed it could . 
  and whilst i 'd see that as somewhat vindictive , i 'm not actually sure it 'd be possible . 
  the issue for the eu when the uk leaves is that it 's pretty incapable of unanimity at the best of times . 
  essentially any agreement on trade with new barriers is going to harm someone 's economy ( principally germany , italy and france . . ) on the eu side , so a broadly open trade agreement would actually be easier to reach than one with serious restrictions in place . 
  and of course for the uk the aim will be trade that is as open as possible , the uk is n't going to be bothered about conforming to eu rules for exports into the bloc as they exist currently for the uk anyway , but they do get rid of the regulations directly on their businesses ... 
  i 'm not sure that german , french and italian politicians will want to see uncertainty hit their own industries and economies in exchange for something as intangible as a possible disincentive for other countries when it comes to leaving the eu , same goes for access to the financial markets via london . 
  essentially the eu not doing the uk any favours ( and not starting another economic cascade across the eu which some of the currently weak members wo n't enjoy much . . ) would seem to be maintaining as much of the current situation as possible , within the political limits placed on either side . . 
  essentially i think you are right that the eu wo n't try to be vindictive , there is n't enough of a benefit to justify it , in the run up to the referendum they are going to be rather loud about the possible outcomes being very negative , but the reality is that the uk is a huge market for eu exports and the uk has a lot of bilateral trade with the eu that it is simply not worth putting at risk . 
  the issues for the uk will then come later as the eu regulations and trading approaches continue to change as the uk wo n't have a say , but then that 's true for every non-eu state around the world anyway . 
   i do n't think they will be `` vindictive '' but the uk should n't expect any favors from the eu . 
  if you wan na be on your own , you 're on your own . 
  that 's reasonable , and mostly the idea . 
  the uk leaving the eu means it is on the outside of eu decision making and so on . 
  although how reasonable it is rather depends on what you see as ` favours ' really . 
  just to clarify , do you see a country leaving the eu as unilaterally deciding to not follow a specific agreement with another country and so reasonable grounds for sanctions ? 
  depending on what polling you go for , you have anything up to 40 % of voters being supporting of voting to actually leave in the uk . 
  that 's compared to well below 20 % of texans who 'd even consider it based on 2012 polling . 
   do you really think that the nationalism is a spent force in europe ? 
  or that we are all friends now ? 
  no i do n't , but it is n't a driving force either . 
  it was n't nationalism alone that fuelled the wars we saw in europe in the past either , even if it certainly contributed . 
  but if you can really see no difference between europe pre-wwi and now , with the exception of the eu then frankly i do n't quite know what you are looking at . 
  what 's more , you could make almost the same argument about the eu , surely given the wars that almost inevitably come from clash of power blocs and the empires of the past , we should assume that the eu will likely come into conflict with china and the us . . 
  but that does n't seem terribly likely either . 
  nato contributed more to the peace in europe than the eu has , but the post war period , including the eu and it 's predecessors has reshaped the continental view of europe , with or without the eu , we wo n't return to the kind of wars we had in the past . 
  and if the conditions for war were to arise , whether the eu existed or not would make little difference either . . 
   anyone saying anything different has no idea about the history of this blood-soaked continent . 
  i am very familiar with the history of our continent , and the idea that a europe-wide war is inevitable without the eu simply does n't fit very well . . 
  that , much like any changes to the eu , is in the hands of the people who make up the uk . . 
  and yet they are part of the eu and supposedly represented by the eu . 
  they have a say in how they are governed do n't they ? 
  or are we going to go down the road that some people should n't be allowed to have a position , especially if it 's not one you happen to share ?
