i can imagine in the past the post office delivered around 560m items in 1860 , it 's closer to 15b now , down from around 20b . 
  those are insane figures ! . 
  although a few decades ago you could send mail and have it delivered on the same day within a reasonable distance , and there were multiple deliveries a day ... 
  the point is n't that the uk and france could achieve air superiority , it 's that any intervention would come at a cost , and that cost would be significantly higher than if you were talking about doing the same in iran . 
   the german airforce is a joke . 
  in 2015 , 38 deployable fighers out of an inventory of 198 . 
  only 8 of these 38 are the more modern typhoons . 
  that 's still 8 modern and capable aircraft though . . 
  it 's not quite the same as going up against an ageing fleet of badly maintained aircraft whose pilots are n't getting any flight hours . 
  like i said , it 's a matter of degrees of difference , you do n't have to notch up the defensive capabilities much to make it a very different proposition . 
   i mean , this scenario taking place means they would already have ignored the literal tonne of pressure from every major allied power said rogue nation would need to move through . 
  indeed . 
   i 'm not sure why it would be ? 
  the french and british air forces could wipe any other in europe out without breaking a sweat . 
  it 's a different level of complexity . 
  yes , the french or british air force could penetrate say , german air space ( although i suppose the raf would n't even have to do that given there are still aircraft in germany . . ) and bomb a facility if they wanted to , but the german air force are neither blind ( they 'd see it coming ) nor unable to respond . 
  it 's a different ballgame simply because everyone involved is quite a bit more capable . 
   it would be the end of peace in europe . 
  better that than the end of global peace . 
  true , although you 'd think there 'd be better options . 
   labour ( british `` democrats '' ) introduced university fees in 1998 . 
  and funnily enough , once they were there , they started being raised somewhat regularly . . 
   volatility is on hold till dec 5th . 
  probably more like the 8th , and to a certain extent you could argue that the next point where things will get murky is may ( ish ) next year , although i think we 'll continue to see way more movement than is reasonable on every statement by anyone in relation to the uk . 
  there is a decent amount of volatility , so i suppose you could call that a storm quite reasonably . 
  and it 'd be true to say that that will remain until we have a better idea what the outcome of the leave negotiations look like . 
   i do believe european or nato forces would take this action in response to a rogue state attempting to go nuclear in the middle of europe . 
  i 'm not so sure ( it 's a lot harder than bombing a reactor in iran . . ) , but it 'd certainly make an interesting afternoon . . 
  to be fair , our councillors ( we do n't have an elected mayor . . ) and our mps spend time in our city and indeed more of it in the poorer parts than not . 
  i 'd argue national politicians have a better understanding of their areas than meps or senior eu politicians , if only because they have a role that takes in a much larger geographic region . 
  no idea how many trips junker makes around the eu each year , and i ca n't find a list . . 
   if other eu nations start developing nukes that will cause a huge diplomatic incident with china and russia . 
  their obvious retaliation is giving nukes to countries we do n't like . 
  for example iran . 
  i think the current international norm is either to hand them over quietly ( see india and pakistan . . ) or to bomb the facilities that are part of their weapons programmes . . 
   because usa has been funding literally every single european country 's national defense for decades . 
  the uk had rather a lot of troops in germany and other parts of europe up until very recently , in fact at the moment it has about the same number of soldiers stationed in germany and elsewhere as the us has ... 
  many of the eastern states are essentially coming out of an occupation period and are only now in a position to build their armed forces to the levels required . . 
  yes there are some states in europe that seem to take their safety somewhat for granted , but it is n't all of them by a long shot , and much ( in fact most . . ) us defence spending is geared toward the us maintaining its superpower position globally , and protecting its interests all over the place . .  ultimately , this is good for european sovereignty . 
  time to take responsibility for your own security . 
  frankly , for the countries that are n't interested in defence now , this wo n't change much . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that rather than spend more , they put together some pretty organisations that seem nice in theory , then do n't bother to actually fund them or equip them properly . 
  but hey , what can you do . . 
  you 'd be pretty guaranteed they 'd be pissed off at their own mps rather than a tory government if their mps decided to block the initiation of the exit process though . . 
  there is no way that labour are going to block the uk leaving the eu . 
  yes . . you can . . 
   now since in the european union we are the only ones with nuclear weapons ( no , uk does n't count since they are most likely to leave the union ) , we should agree to give them . 
  but i doubt france will , why should it hand over nuclear weapons to anyone when it can hold on to them and retain control . 
  i mean i 'm pretty sure france would n't let them be used without french consent , so at that point , why hand them to others ? 
   and if international law are against that , then we shall wait for the federalization of ue , which mean we all become one big country , and therefore , we do not break laws . 
  yes , that 's a simple solution ... 
  but it seems rather unlikely that it 's going to happen any time soon , even with the uk leaving . 
  i 'm pretty sure that french popular opinion would n't support it , never mind all of the european union . . 
   which we could give to former european nato member to replace the us one ... not without breaking a few solemn agreements and international law . . france did n't participate in nato nuclear weapons sharing , i doubt it 'll hand a few over to ee countries . 
  but that 's somewhat beside the point anyway . 
   because now the us wo n't be there as much as before if trump was more than just all talk . 
  the point would be that the us is n't going to be there if eu member states are n't seen to be doing their bit . 
  the argument that they will do their bit separately instead does n't really add on in that context . . 
  either they are willing to spend the money or not , if they are , then great , the us will still be there , if they are n't then doing it without the us is n't going to work either . .  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not going to use more time on arguing it with you . 
  fair enough . 
   no and that is exactly the problem . 
  we rely on the us . 
  which is why we want to start to develop our own capabilities . 
  good that you can see it !, 
  i 'd agree with you , if i thought that eu members collectively would either agree to centralise and pay for the capabilities . 
  i 'd argue that they will do one or the other , but not both , unless there is massive political change . .  exactly . 
  we do n't have that ability . 
  that is what we want to change . 
  again , the eu wants to put together a hq element , it wants to have the capacity , but issues like paying for it , and political control are massively problematic . 
  this feels a bit like schengen or the euro ( or several other smaller projects . . ) whereby you get most of the thing in place , in the hope that the political ramifications of not completing are too huge for anyone not to agree to the last , and fundamentally important bit ( like say , defending borders , refugee allocations , fiscal transfers etc. . ) . 
  yet when it comes down to it no-one actually agrees to the last bit . 
  so you 'll have some lovely org charts , you 'll have uniforms , doctrine , lots of generals and commanders , a wonderful building , but you wo n't have the tanks , soldiers , aircraft or ships . 
  oh and all the other eu members will reduce their national spending because the eu is doing it . . and then the shit hits the fan and . . well , you get the picture . 
   it consists of 45.000 soldiers . 
  there are 18 eu battlegroups , each made up on 2500 soldiers . 
  true , although only two battle groups are active at any given point . 
   so 15,000 fewer than the eu battlegroups . 
  nope , the eu has two battle-groups active at any point , the uk can deploy the jrrf at short notice , the eu ca n't deploy all the eu battlegroups at all . .  the reason the defense expenditures are so low , is because there is no reason to do it , when the us is taking care of it all . 
  without the us , eu members would increase spending . 
  the reason defence expenditures are low is because very few eu countries want to spend money on defence , i really do n't think that 's going to change . . 
  the balkan war did n't change it , the various middle eastern wars did n't , the current issues in syria have n't , the georgian war did n't , the situation in ukraine broadly has n't . . why on earth is that going to change now . 
   the eu battlegroups have been doing very well though . 
  sort of , but they are n't close to being in a position to offset the loss of logistical , intelligence , and combat capacity that the us element brings to nato . 
  if you are talking about the eu being able to operate independently of nato entirely it gets even more dire ( because you also do n't have the uk either ) . 
  now the eu battle-group concept is ok , but it 's hardly effective , the groups consist of 1500-2500 soldiers and their equipment on a rotating standby , but given you are talking about a union of 27 states it starts to look a little silly . . for example , the uk also has a ready capability in the form of the jrrf , the difference is that it is capable of deploying 30,000 soldiers rapidly , and supporting their operations by land and sea ... 
  in short , if you massively scaled up the eu battlegroup concept you might be getting somewhere , but to suggest that so far they have been doing well enough is a bit of an exaggeration , or requires a redefinition of ` doing ' . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the cooperation is worth it , working with other countries is always a good thing , you learn and it means you can do more when the shit does hit the fan , but lets not pretend that the current set up is a blueprint for anything meaningful , or that we can use it to determine how effective any future eu collaboration might be . . as to the  not necessarily . 
  in relation to spending , for germany to get to it 's nato minimums it 'd have to double its defence spending , that 's true for a lot of eu members , so if we see having any sort of sensible military capacity as a requirement , you are going to have to push for massive spending increases . 
   defending continental europe form a regular army requires vastly different skillset and equipment than chasing insurgents in the wastelands . 
  indeed , a skillset and capability that france has , but neither romania nor poland currently have to the same degree . 
  poland is better off in that regard ( it 's armoured component has a decent number of modern mbt 's for example , although not as many as you 'd think . . ) but france is still far more capable , especially if you look at the various aspects you need for any kind of combined arms , mobile fighting , conventional fight . . give poland 20 years of peace and prosperity they wo n't be far off , but right now it just is n't there . 
  well for one , your spending would raise around $ 250bn/y , which would mean massive spending increases by most eu states , whilst still spending proportionally little , especially given the initial cost of building the foundations for this force . 
  you are talking about creating a military from scratch , that 's going to be stupidly expensive if you want to have any kind of sensible capabilities . 
  when you start throwing in the fact that money and personnel are segregated between local defence and proper military capacity ( and presumably training would reflect that ) you are spending even less ( potentially actively less ) on the cheap bits ( the maintaining a guard at home ) than the expensive bits ( force projection , logistics , aircraft carriers , submarines etc. . ) . 
  it 's a nice idea , but it 's probably a little backwards . 
  the eu needs to decide what capabilities it needs in terms of what mission criteria it has to be able to fulfil , and then fund it on that basis . 
  if you want to be able to defend the eu from a full scale invasion from russia , whilst carrying out two small scale peace keeping operations and one moderately sized foreign intervention , then you figure out what you need for that and fund it . 
  as to separating forces in the way that you are ( and presumably creating a reserve on top of it . . ) , you 'll end up with a fairly poor sense of camaraderie and less of a sense of belonging , essentially some of your soldiers , sailors and airmen will be far safer , less well trained and less likely to be deployed than others doing the same job for potentially the same pay . 
  that 's not good either . . 
   spread them out ?
