  i 'm actually interested in anecdotal evidence based on your own social circle , i 'm familiar with the main official talking points . 
  my social circle is pretty mixed between leave and remain voters and i do n't think anyone i am particularly close to is bothered by the freedom of movement aspects for example ( although a little in terms of what it means for non-eu migration . . ) . 
  the biggest bugbears are probably related to the approach to regulation ( and i 'm not talking straight bananas , but issues around overreach and a lack of flexibility , as well as issues around evidence based approaches and best practice . 
  ) , the push for closer political integration and the impact that has on the areas the eu has competencies in ( as well as the problems it will cause as there is greater integration . . ) , the limits on the uk government to legislate in response to public opinion in those areas , the limits that are placed on the uk government in terms of being able to manage trade policy through agreements and so on . 
  there are also issues around engagement and democratic accountability , concerns about corruption and probably a whole slew of smaller issues . 
  i doubt that 's representative though , and i should probably add that most of my social circle , whether they voted leave or remain , are not particularly hard anti-eu or massively pro-eu people , it 's a question of balance and priorities . 
  it has actually been quite interesting over the last few months having some of the leavers ` come out ' as it were . 
   in this case the treaty of rome was pretty unambiguous . 
  before or after maastricht and lisbon . 
  you ca n't argue that the eu is the same now as what it was in 1973 or indeed that it 's aspirations and direction have n't changed . 
  you are somewhat right , the uk would like the eu to be a trading block and nothing else , up to and including harmonisation in some form of regulations to facilitate it . 
  in fact i doubt it would be leaving if that were the case . 
  and every country wants the benefits of eu membership without negatives , it 's when the perceived negatives exceed the perceived benefits that you have issues . 
  the point was more that the uk and eu has become an increasingly bad political match , had we known then what we know now about the direction of the eu as a project then maybe not letting the uk join would have been a better scenario , both for the eu and the uk , in the long term . 
  that 's probably true . 
   based on that the border should be closed to those that make the wrong choices , and open to those who do not . 
  that 's a whole lot harder than just banning people based on nationality , ethnicity or religion though . 
   being born somewhere is irrelevant . 
  not if the policy you are proposing , using this attack as a justification , is closing borders . . 
  in which case you present a sensible policy that actually addresses the problem , rather than pointing at something that closing borders wo n't solve and claiming it as a good justification . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , there are good reasons for having borders and managing them proportionately to the security situation , and there may well be intelligence led threats that exist now that mean that 's valid , but you ca n't really link the london attack to that . . 
  it 's not as though france has n't had issues that would be better justification , using the attack at westminster just seems opportunist . 
   yep but we are talking about multi-speed here thus multilateral agreements . 
  all he can do is force them to not put them under the eu umbrella . 
  which is superficial . 
  it means that those agreements are made outside of the context of eu institutions , which means it is n't a multispeed eu , it means the eu becomes an appendage to a new set of institutions and agreements . . 
  i doubt many people would be terribly happy with that . 
  we should react to reality with policy that addresses that reality , we should n't react to reality with policy that does n't solve the problems we are facing and we certainly should n't justify policy with spurious arguments that are n't relevant . 
  depends on how it 's done and what you mean by integration , for anything major that goes beyond enhanced cooperation you 'd need either multilateral agreements outside of the eu context , or eu treaty change . 
  for treaty change you need everyone on board . 
  if it is going to happen it 'll require unanimity . 
  to be fair , if they are seeing this attack as a reason to control their borders then that 's bonkers . 
  there are many good reasons to control borders ( especially in a proportionate manner to the security situation ) , but someone bombing the country in which they were born is probably not one of them . 
  not to mention that the uk does control its borders . 
  linking the two is simple opportunism . 
  it 'd be both , probably a late response that ends up being a knee jerk one because it is too late . 
  linking any kind of policy to an attack in the immediate aftermath is a bit shit , it suggests a knee-jerk response , rather than a thought out one . 
   so what you are saying is all imaginable leave scenarios where available under one option ( leave ) in the referendum ? 
  yes , and all imaginable remain scenarios where available under one option ( remain ) , in the referendum . 
  it was a question about whether the uk would leave the eu , or remain part of it , not a specific framework under which the uk would leave or remain ...  as an outsider my opinion is that ( mostly for the reason i explained ) the referendum was dishonest and a joke . 
  in general , or the campaigns ? 
  it was a question about whether people wanted to remain in the eu or not , that 's a valid question with lots of reasons for people to say yes , and many reasons to say no . 
  the campaigns , on both sides , were pretty atrocious , but this is something we 've been talking about for a long time . 
   if the conservative party was serious about leaving the eu and had the political urge to present this as a referendum to the uk population , they would have presented a referendum where each option had a clear route from which consequences could be derived . 
  the conservative party was split on the issue , every party except ukip were essentially pro-eu parties , and both the conservative government , and pro-remain elements of the conservative party pushed the idea that we would n't know exactly what would happen when we left ( to the point of the government not allowing departments to plan ) as a reason to vote remain . .  this obviously means talking to the eu prior to the referendum about what the possible routes may be . 
  indeed , although i do n't think the eu would have been terribly receptive , they have n't been receptive in the period since the referendum even though they knew the uk was leaving , why would they make it easier for people to campaign on the leave side ? 
   instead what you ended up with was a referendum where you were asked to imagine ( since no clear route was described ) a future outside the eu . 
  no , we were asked whether we wanted to be part of the eu project or not . 
  the answer was no . . that 's neither an unreasonable question nor an unreasonable answer , it is a question of governance and to a certain extent , a question about how people in the uk saw their future very generally , either as a country working independently , or as part of a political and economic block . 
   and collectively as nation you put your imagination hats on and decided whether that future was bright or grim , and voted accordingly . 
  broadly yes . . 
   if all the information was available , why is there an ongoing debate as to the terms of exit ? 
  the arguments for leaving and remaining were know , the terms of exit ca n't be known until the uk actually negotiates them with the eu . 
  it ca n't start to negotiate them without informing the eu that it 's leaving so at best , we had a number of possible scenarios and possibilities . 
   surely all the variables were not known , and could not have been known without before having negotiated terms of exit with the eu . 
  indeed , but the arguments for and against leaving go beyond just the terms of the exit , to a certain extent that is why there has been some emphasis put on the notion that the uk leaving with no-deal is better than with a poor deal ( and that remaining under a different title or similar is n't an option . . ) . 
  there is something particularly obnoxious about tying a political message to an attack like this , i 'd hope that the french public and voters are n't taken in by this level of opportunism . . 
  no probs , you might want to check if you are missing any other post . . 
  i take it you got the # 1000 rebate everyone got in november ? 
  you should have received one , the [ pdf version is still available ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/515068/why-the-government-believes-that-voting-to-remain-in-the-european-union-is-the-best-decision-for-the-uk.pdf ) . 
  i certainly got one , and it caused a bit of a storm as it was n't counted toward campaign spending and so on . 
  i obviously have no idea why the one aimed at your household did n't arrive . 
  it 's not even about the facts , the facts are out there , were presented and arguments were made . 
  the issue is that people do n't like the conclusions that were drawn and that it lead to a leave vote . 
  i mean , it is a fact that the eu is in part a political project , some people see that fact as a positive and presumably voted remain , some see that as a negative , and presumably voted leave . 
  the facts are n't the issue , the response to the facts apparently are . . 
  all the information anyone needed was available before the first referendum , the issue seems to be that people are unhappy about how people prioritised those facts , and the conclusion they drew from them . 
  every single household in the uk got a document from the government making the case for remaining in the eu , they may have disagreed with the arguments , but given there are valid arguments for both remaining and leaving , it 's somewhat hard to be able to tell if they were all horribly misinformed and stuck in a bubble , or whether they ( and indeed remain voters . . ) felt a particular way about eu membership . . 
  a few additional injuries , a few bombs , but no more fatalities that i 've seen in the context of the uk . 
  it has never completely gone away , but it is on a completely different level to what it was . 
   an exit agreement is not a trade deal . 
  and a trade deal is not `` doable and likely in time '' in 2 years , as you claim it to be . 
  i did n't say it was going to be in place in 2 years , i said it was doable and likely . 
  and it is , the exit agreement within 2 years , the trade agreement in time , and there will no doubt be an interim agreement to bridge the two . 
  at least unless the eu or uk are utterly unreasonable , but that does n't seem terribly likely given the stakes . 
   so what is this magical `` trade deal but it 's not a trade deal '' specifically you banging on about ? 
  i 'm not banging on about a trade deal that is not a trade deal . . 
  i 'm saying that the uk and eu will initially look at an exit agreement , then move on to a trade agreement , potentially via an interim agreement ...  is it an agreement to set tariffs ? 
  set the trade barriers ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  because that sounds like ... 
  i 'd assume that any trade agreement will attempt to ensure that there are no new tariff barriers ( where possible ) and ensure that there are minimal non-tariff barriers . 
   ah so you 're changing the goal post now no ? 
  a tread deal is doable and likely in time . . 
  but the 2 years the uk and eu have now are to come to an arrangement on exit terms , not to put in place an fta . . 
  it 's hardly contradictory . 
   war happens when the risk of not going to war is greater than the risk of war itself . 
  broadly yes ...  apply where you see fit . 
  look , i 'm not being obtuse or evasive . 
  i answered your questions above quite plainly , if you do n't want to answer mine clearly , if you 'd prefer to hide behind hints that 's fine , it 's not particularly brave or honest , but it 's entirely up to you . 
  to be honest i can absolutely understand the focus on d the injustices experienced by people , especially where they become the justification for retaliation ( and that whole spiral of violence ) , and frankly that needs to be worked through so that we continue to see progress in northern ireland and so that the uk and ireland can continue to see each other as trustworthy and reliable partners . 
  it ca n't be the only focus of course , otherwise you never get beyond it and there have been so many compromises , and so much hidden that there are still metaphorical mines to deal with , but it 's interesting that it applies to the discussions you 've had given the geography and change in ` ownership ' . 
  in what way ? 
  i 'm aware of the volhynia massacres but have n't seem much discussion , certainly not outside of a purely historical context anyway . . 
   if you believe there 's a justifiable war then you do n't need any answers from me . 
  yes , i do think that there is such a thing as a justifiable war , rare as they are . 
  but i do n't think that answers the question i posed to you , or at least i 'd hope it does n't . 
  after all if i answer the question i posed to you with my answer above , it 'd be a rather unfortunate answer would n't you say ? 
  no , i ca n't , they are n't justifiable . . do excuse me if i 've read more into your reply than you unintended , but are you saying that you feel the bombing of civilians was justifiable on that basis ? 
  right , but presumably you acknowledge that the bombing of civilians in pubs , in guildford , that led to many deaths and more injuries was a bad thing that is simply not justifiable . . ?
