   he tried to appeal to the british voter too much and either did n't care or did n't realise how it would alienate the leaders of other eu countries . 
  possibly , although he really only tried to appeal to a certain subset of uk voter , and of course given the general antipathy toward the eu in the uk , it would have been hard to do that without trying his renegotiation stunt , and i get the impression that anything like that was going to go down badly . .  if he played his cards right he might . 
  there is a lot of criticism on the way the eu works as an organisation , even from europhiles like me . 
  i doubt it . 
  the eu has been fairly resistant to change that does n't lead to closer union and cooperation , and obviously he was n't going to get any reform on cap . 
  i 'm sure he could have found something more comprehensive as a compromise deal , but then it would have been a case of losing stuff to win stuff . 
  given he is trying to get people to vote remain , he 'd have instantly hurt that by almost as much as he gained . 
  the vague ` we got some concessions ' was probably more useful than a real negotiation would have been . 
   all of this aside , i also think that the way the brexit campaign is talking about europe is not strengthening their position in the case of a brexit . 
  people in the eu would be much more amicable if they simply said things along the lines of '' we should go our separate ways '' type of stuff . 
  the tone they currently use has alienated a lot of people in the eu and the way the exit procedure works , as in requiring near-unanimity and unanimity to extent the 2 year re-negotiation period , means that there only have to be a couple of countries that think `` fuck the uk '' to make it an utter mess . 
  quite possibly , although i do n't think the leave campaign could limit their argument to what you suggest simply because they need to counter the remain campaign and get their own supporters interested and engaged . 
  i 'd have preferred a more positive campaign from both sides , preferably on the issues that i am interested in , but then that probably would n't be as effective in getting a leave vote . 
  i 'd probably also point out that the remain campaign also is n't really all that endearing toward the eu . 
  it seems to spend almost as much time bashing it and promising change as the leave side does . 
   means that there only have to be a couple of countries that think `` fuck the uk '' to make it an utter mess . 
  quite possibly , but it 'd make a mess on both sides , which the negotiators are going to be aware of . 
  i 'd expect there to be a lot of noise and shouting , but the end result is n't going to be something that deliberately pushes the eu back into recession and the weaker states into crisis , because the eu ca n't afford that . 
  i doubt there will be very much difference either way economically once the uk leaves , even if there is some diplomatic blowback over the short term . 
   so if there are only a few countries that want to screw over the deal then there wo n't be a new trade deal true , but apart from that being a really good reason to leave , germany , france and italy still have a lot of clout given it 's their economies that would bear the brunt and obviously that would cascade to their trading partners ( so most of the eu . . ) . 
   he made a half-assed attempt at doing something . 
  less than half arsed . 
  he basically had two problems , he needed to appear to negotiate and get something , and he needed to make it look like the eu could actually reform . 
  he failed in both , but basically made out that he achieved both . 
   if he really wanted to reform the eu he would have found allies in the netherlands , finland and denmark and might even have accomplished something . 
  i doubt even that would have yielded much in the short or even medium term to be honest . 
  although working with other eu countries would of course have been more sensible than trying to look like he 'd walked into brussels and beaten down the ` euroaucrats ', 
   right-wing nationalist parites are gaining popularity in europe and uk leaving will boost their popularity , especially if the uk exits on favorable terms . 
  it 's like throwing a bucket of gasoline on a fire . 
  possibly , i 'd actually argue that in the uk , leaving would weaken ukip and potentially the conservatives too , but in a wider eu context it does seem that it 's the right and the more extreme left that have anti-eu positions . 
   not really . 
  it 's a pretty obvious set of dominos that will begin to fall . 
  it 's not a pretty obvious set of dominos , it 's basically a random scenario . 
  the jump from right wing parties might get support , to suddenly the eu collapses is n't terribly credible . 
  the eu collapsing and causing a war is also incredibly unlikely . 
  more to the point , all of that seems entirely possible with the uk remaining in the eu , the rise of right wing parties in the eu is already somewhat underway . . 
  i think people both overestimate the impact of the uk leaving on the eu and the importance of such an exit as regards eu politics generally . 
  frankly the greek crisis is more of a threat to the eu and euro-zone , the migrant crisis too , and that 's without thinking about what else might pop up . 
  if we extended your argument to basically ` anything that might provide support to the right wing ' could cause a war , it should be pretty obvious that the argument is somewhat ludicrous . 
  essentially the argument then is n't that the eu is preventing war , but that the european left are , and that somehow right wingers are the cause of conflict . 
   but of course , nobody wants to leave during the good times , it 's always during the bad times that people do n't want to stay around and help eachother , as it is difficult for everyone . 
  i 'm not saying its right or wrong , it just is what it is . 
  to be honest , i think that 's rubbish in the context of the uk too , the uk left has been pushing for a uk exit for a long time , and campaigned against joining . 
  the push to leave the eu started before the 2008 crash and has persisted since then . 
  i 'd add that the current feeling in the uk is n't that we are in economic ` good times ' quite the opposite . 
  lastly , the notion that the issue is around countries not wanting to help each other is also really problematic , the uk remained outside of the eurozone but still ended up helping even though it was domestically unpopular to do so . 
  you ca n't expect countries to specifically set limits on what they are willing to be part of , then get upset when they do n't want to be part things outside of them . . 
  i was n't tying it to anything in particular . 
  but if you want we can talk about the issues around lisbon and the constitution . 
  i 'd agree with you that there was change between the initial rejections of lisbon and what the eu ended up with in the irish referendum , although i 'd argue that the difference between the original constitution and the lisbon treaty is were largely about the approach , rather than content and impact . 
  in terms of democratic legitimacy , the process is somewhat painful if you include the french and dutch votes . 
  you also ca n't ignore the fact that in ireland the second referendum involved significant pressure toward yes , and an unacceptably short time between referendums . 
  more importantly though , you really have to be concerned at a process that , after seeing a constitution rejected , not just because it was complicated , but because it was n't popular , replaces the constitution with a slew of far more complicated amendments , amounting to almost the same thing ... as far as end runs around democracy , that really is pretty awful . 
  the eu is n't unique in this of course , we 've seen this approach repeatedly in national parliaments too , where unpopular legislation is put forward , opposed to the point of pushing mps to reject it , then quietly brought back to the table when people hope no-one will notice . 
  the problem at the eu level is that it is even further off people 's radar , it does n't have the scrutiny you 'd expect from a national parliament , and when you throw in competency creep , it becomes democratically somewhat opaque . 
  i 'd agree with that , i just wonder if the parent would ... 
   fair points . 
  in any case , after a vote , the matter should be settled for several years at least . 
  i broadly agree , essentially it should then be something that happens after a decent period of time , or if there are significant changes that are n't open to a referendum some other way ( say a treaty change ) . 
  after all , if we utterly ignore the outcome of any given referendum and try to just repeat until we get the result we want , there is nothing to stop the other side from doing the same until we end up getting nowhere ... 
   ultimately my reasoning is that the federalists will push for more and more unity and these referendums could keep certain policies at bay . 
  proper opposition will keep it at bay , there is a potential element of ` lose once and you 've lost forever ' when it comes to federalism , but actually , the way the eu is set up now , there is at least some scope for people to leave if they need and to have some influence over further integration , although it will and does take a lot of work . .  however people often tend to favour the status-quo so it 's quite likely that the eu will slouch into a single state very slowly over generations . 
  quite possibly , but at that point it 'll probably be supported and seen as normal in which case it 's not that different from any other country . 
  although i hope if it ever gets there , i 'm looking at it from a uk that is not a member , or indeed a part of the eu . . 
  but . . that 'd be up to them surely ? 
  i might disagree with them , but not caring how they are governed is still , sadly a valid position to have too . 
   why not ? 
  their main argument is that the eu undemocratically forces itself upon the population . 
  so if they lose in a series of referendums all across europe , the matter should be settled . 
  why ? 
  it 'll be settled when objection to the eu reduces ( either over time , through reform , the emergence of a european identity or whatever . . ) . 
  it 's not unreasonable for people to stick to a position , or criticise the democratic nature of something even if they are in a minority . . as long as they respect the result of the referendums and then work harder to make their case that should be fine . 
  it 'd be a bit like arguing that you should only have an election once , because once you have a democratically elected government , well that 's all settled then . . 
  the question was : ` do you think your own country should or should not hold a referendum on its european union membership ' . 
   by direction of travel do you mean left-wing to right-wing ? 
  a change in the idea of what the state/eu is actually for is probably the closest comparison . 
  that is a left/right notion to a large extent , the uk has essentially reversed a significant number of trends in relation to welfare , health , education and economic policy since the coalition government was elected in 2010 ( and that has continued post 2015 ) . 
  essentially , voters turned the country in a very different direction ( not one i agree with , but still , that 's sort of what elections are for . . ) . 
  just as an aside , given what you have posted here relating to roles , how do you square it with the renegotiation that cameron carried out and the concessions that have been agreed by the council ? 
  given that the uk , at least on the surface , appears to have negotiated what amounts to a treaty change ( or at least an interpretative change ) without the parliament or commission being involved as such , surely that sort of breaks the notion that all is fine and well . . 
  my god !, 
  but , lets say the uk remains in the eu and prevents the formation of an eu army and further integration . 
  the various convoluted alliances and economic interdependence , as well as years of underspending on on defence , would then mean that northern european powers could be unwilling or unable to act if russia started making moves in the east . 
  that means a single unanswered act of aggression by the russians could obviously lead to the crumbling of nato . 
  the eu , powerless to act militarily could then turn in on itself , the political wrangling could lead to inaction as the uk , v4 group , demanded very different approaches to the conflict than germany and her allies . 
  the ensuing refugee crisis from people fleeing the russian aggression in the east , and the uncertainty could put pressure on countries like france weakening their resolve too . 
  faced with a weak europe , russia could be emboldened and attempt to both economically and eventually militarily widen its influence , that in turn could bring the us back in to the mix . 
  the us seeing it 's interests in europe threatened , but with the absence of a mandate from the eu would have to rely on the various member states that were willing to oppose russia and then act . 
  the result obviously being a war , one in which a russia once again expansionist faces off against the us , with europe as the battleground . . 
  so the uk remaining could lead to wwiii !, 
  what a disaster . 
   i think it 'd be healthy for the eu if each new generation had to ratify their support for the eu . 
  whilst i 'd prefer to see the uk leave the eu , i 'd sort of question this a little , essentially , if the eu worked for people ( more than it does now ... ) it would become essentially uncontroversial . 
  at that point , semi-regular votes on continued membership would make as much sense as having regular votes on whether your country should remain a thing , or whether it should split to constituent states/counties or whatever . 
   the result of the poll is that less than half the democratic majority in appreciably less than half of the eu answered a probably highly loaded question . 
  did you look at the poll ? 
  the loaded question was ` do you think your own country should or should not hold a referendum on its european union membership ' . 
  how is that loaded ? 
  it was carried out by ipsos mori , who are well respected pollsters ( who have been commissioned to carry out polls for various eu agencies and departments in the past ) . 
  it was a statistically significant poll of countries with a result that is absolutely surprising .
