  after all , it would seem we all want slightly different things . . 
   back up , we are not responsible for the toxicity of uk media , the uk fptp voting system that makes elections more about two sides rather than constructive compromise and we certainly not responsible for the uk dropping out of the erm . 
  and how is any of that relevant ? 
   i and and fellow eu citizens did n't vote in this . 
  no , you did n't , it is n't something you can be held responsible for and frankly if you are very supportive of the eu project , i can see why you 'd see it as negative , it presumably goes against what you 'd like to see and to some extent it weakens the eu , albeit whilst giving the eu an opportunity to show strength that 's perfectly reasonable . 
   measured in sovereignty i have no doubt the uk will male a success of it . 
  not really , the uk is arguably as sovereign the day after it exits as it is today , or as it was several years ago . . 
  the uk simply lent competencies to the eu as part of the eu treaties . 
  the question for the referendum was about who exercises the relevant powers ( and take into account that those powers are devolved down as well as up depending . . ) , the old ` take control ' argument . 
  and yes , where powers are controlled is relevant and there are all sorts of good arguments around that ( both in relation to trade and regulation . . ) relevant to brexit . 
  lets be clear though , it is n't about some sort of dream of splendid isolation , leaving a fairly inward looking tradeblock is n't an act of exclusion , if anything it is the reverse . 
  the uk is looking to exchange a deep but fairly narrow relationship so that it can pursue shallower , but wider ones ( it 's more complex than that , but not far off ... ) . 
  measured in sovereignty the uk will be in the same place as france or germany ( at least until the eu moves to federalise . . ) , measured in freedom to act , it will have a freer hand . 
  but that comes with potential costs and less guarantees ... 
  but then the uk is a large developed economy with good international ties , so it can probably make a decent go of that . 
   hey if you see only upside then there 's nothing to argue . 
  there is lots of potential downside , depends on where the negotiations go and what the uk government does , and i 'm sure the tories will find a way to make a mess somewhere along the line . 
  but there is n't an existential risk , the chances of some massive crippling damage to the uk , or indeed the eu is simply not very likely . 
  i think that 's the issue i have with your points in this thread , you are looking for catastrophic outcomes , usually outcomes that actually harm everyone involved , because ... well , i 'm not sure why . 
  to go back to the initial point in this thread , the uk outside of the eu , or inside of the eu will be a major economy , it will be in the top 5 global economies and that 's good for the uk and good for the eu . 
  what about them ? 
  that 's where the issues for financial services come in , but they are n't responsible for # 1 in # 6 of economic activity , they would n't even cut # 1 in # 6 of financial services activity ... 
  if you take the absolute worst case scenario , it 'll be a pain , but not in any way devastating to uk financial services , certainly not to the uk economy ... 
  i mean , if you look at the worst case scenario suggested by woodford investment management , the loss of financial services passporting , ( without any other mechanisms in place either negotiated , or via the new directives on financial services , which lets face it , is unlikely ... ) could halve uk financial services exports to the eu . . that 's a loss of almost # 10bn , which is pretty nasty . 
  but to put it into context , that would be around 3 months worth of the export surplus that financial services currently bring . 
  so , absolutely nothing like # 1 in 6 or even # 1 in 60 ... 
   it 's the trend that 's important the trend is important . . the pound has been slowly depreciating for rather a long time though , and lets face it , that has n't really changed . 
  it is n't that unwelcome either , as long as it is n't rapid and sustained anyway . .  the uk finance industry which produces 1 in 6 # is under threat . 
  the uk finance industry might face some issues that have an impact on some of its services . 
  but even there the bulk of it is domestic , which is n't under any significant threat and the remainder might see increased costs not a wiping out or anything close . . no-one but no-one is suggesting a loss of # 1 in # 6 of economic activity . 
   unless you 've missed it the british pound has been falling against the us$ for a while now , this last week was a new 31 year record . 
  there probably a few links to it still floating around . 
  right . . and that 's relevant to the size of the uk economy , and domestic production how exactly ? 
  i mean it 'll have an impact on imports and exports obviously but . . that 's a small portion of the uk economy ... you are n't under some sort of odd misconception that a 10 % drop in the value of a currency creates a 10 % reduction in the size of the economy overnight are you ? 
   because 43,7 % of the population voted , it fell short of the 50-percent participation required to make the referendum valid under the country 's law . 
  right , that makes sense , i was under the impression that the referendum was incidental to the process of making a constitutional change , which was why i was wondering what made it invalid . 
  if it had been valid would that have changed the process for the constitutional changes ? 
   did overlook the reordering when the eu are rolled in to one . 
  well the uk value is depreciating on a daily basis . 
  it is n't . 
  you will note that this is gdp in usd terms , and that the uk economy is not currently shrinking . 
   what you have to watch for is a reduction in the pound in global circulation , i 've noticed in south america the euro has pretty much taken the pounds position . 
  in terms of reserve currencies , the pound has been at around 3.8-4 % of reserves for the last few years , it was actually up to 4.7 % in the last quarter of 2015 and looks to be tranding higher . 
  the eu share of reserves on the other hand is higher ( at well above 20 % ) but has been steadily dropping for the last 5 years , from 26 % to 20.3 % at the end of 2015 . . 
  so , in terms of global circulation , the pound has become more desirable as the euro has become less desirable . . that 's based on numbers from the ecb , if you think i might have my facts wrong again ... 
  i did check my numbers ... have you ? 
  world bank gdp rankings & figures for 2015 in usd : 1 . 
  united states - $ 17.94 tn 2 . 
  china - $ 10.86 tn 3 . 
  japan - $ 4.12 tn 4 . 
  germany - $ 3.35 tn 5 . 
  united kingdom $ 2.85 tn 6 . 
  france $ 2.42 tn 7 . 
  india $ 2.07 tn if you take out the eu countries and put them in their own grouping , without the uk you get : 1 . 
  united states - $ 17.94 tn 2 . 
  european union - $ 13.40 tn 3 . 
  china - $ 10.86 tn 4 . 
  japan - $ 4.12 tn 5 . 
  united kingdom $ 2.85 tn 6 . 
  india $ 2.07 tn 7 . 
  brazil $ 1,77 tn for the uk to drop below india , the uk economy would have to contract by $ 0.78 tn , or 27 % of its current gdp . . could you point out the mistake i 've made in my numbers or facts ? 
   well do n't forget that outside the eu the uk is being compared globally the uk is being compared globally in the current rankings leaving the eu reduces the eu gdp ( because it now only includes 27 members ) whilst the uks gdp does n't change ... now you could claim that the uk might see some negative economic impacts ( although , even if you look at the pessimistic predictions from various places from before the vote , they indicated a loss of growth , not a collapse in gdp ) but even then , to drop to the level of india you are talking about a massive collapse , which is n't on the cards . 
  so no , the uk does n't fall behind india unless the uk contracts by over 20 % ... 
  which is n't happening for all the obvious reasons . . 
  yup , the parent is wrong , if you take the eu as a whole , then presumably germany and france would end up in the ` eu ' category . 
  given that germany is already a bigger economy than the uk it does n't change the rankings at all ( bar making the gap between the us and eu larger , and leaving the uk with a bigger gap than the next largest economy behind it ) . 
  the uks position would n't change more rapidly though . 
  if anything it 'll make that position more stable because it removes france from the equation . 
  that said , economic performance is more than just raw gdp figures . . 
   no they wo n't . 
  they will remain a matter for ireland . . 
  i mean , if ireland wants to join schengen that 's fine , that 's a decision that ireland can make if it wants . .  ireland does not want to be a back door to the eu for uk business . 
  i 'm not sure how it would be in the context of movement at least . 
  a uk citizen in ireland does n't have any greater access to the rest of the eu ( unless they also have an irish passport , at which point they are an eu citizen anyway . . ) . 
   it 's in our interests now to join schengen . 
  it may be . . and if it does it will mean that that more of its competencies in regards to visas will sit with the eu . .  the eu is now our main trading partner , we actually import more food and drink from the uk than we export so our producers will be glad to have tariffs on that competition . 
  entirely possible , although i 'd assume it 'll be a little more complicated than that . .  our primary interest is northern ireland and as it stand all citizens of that region are entitled to irish eu passports so they 'll have free movement on the island regardless of what restrictions the uk imposes . 
  again , i do n't think the uk will look to impose any restrictions , its not exactly in the uks interests . 
  if ireland wants to do so that is a matter for ireland ( bounded by various agreements . . ) . 
   however people of that region and britain who travel to the republic on uk passports will be subject to the same restrictions the uk imposes on eu nationals . 
  and if the uk applies different conditions based on nationality ? 
  i mean , the point with irish nationals in the uk is that they are n't deemed foreign ... 
  in either case that would be down to ireland , not to the uk . 
  the uk ca n't force ireland or the eu to push any particular approach . .  our interests and the uks are diverging . 
  that 's probably true , although there are still a lot of areas of mutual interests . 
   irelands special status in the uk is under pre-eu domestic law but it 's wo n't be reciprocated by eu . 
  no , i doubt it will be , but that 's not really an issue for the eu . . 
  most of the bilateral aspects related to movement are , and will remain a matter for ireland and the uk . . after all a lot of that , as you point out , comes out of pre-eu domestic law and goes beyond what is created by eu law . 
  ireland is outside of schengen and has its own immigration policies ( within the context of free movement ) and can set its own citizenship requirements etc. . now sure , ireland ca n't grant a uk citizen any rights outside of ireland it can do whatever it wants within ireland , much as the uk can ( and does ) extend rights to irish citizens in the uk that it does n't extend to other eu nationals at present . 
  trade is a little more complex if the uk leaves the eea , but from the uk side at least , it can remain open to trade and obviously ireland will have some input into whatever agreement ends up in place between the eu and uk ( if its a mixed agreement then it 'd even have a veto . . ) . 
  the eu would sit above the uk in terms of global trade and so on collectively , but malta only has a bit of influence within the eu ... 
  so it really depends on how you determine the pecking order . 
  the eu gives some countries a boost in terms of relevancy and influence , for other countries it means giving up some of the same by pooling it , essentially you give up the ability to follow your interests in some areas in return for having a better ability to follow them in other areas . 
  that 's sort of the whole point is n't it ? . . 
   the set model is the four freedoms , of which freedom of movement is one the uk does not want to participate . 
  the set model for the single market is the four freedoms , with some caveats . . 
  the single market in services is n't complete , there are controls within the eea on free movement of workers , there are limits on the free movement of capital and even on goods ( patent issues for example ) although fewer . 
  however , that would assume that the eu wants to be a member of the single market , that , given the restrictions , seems less and less likely ... 
  if that is the case , then surely any deal would be \u00e0-la-carte ...  restrict freedom of movement for eu citizens and uk citizens will face the exact same restrictions . 
  it has to be this way .
