   i do n't think this can work . 
  we can occupy one or maybe two countries , and there would already be difficulties as there were in iraq . 
  we can not occupy half the world . 
  it would also fuel `` muh kaffirs on muslim lands '' and given the muslim population in europe that would n't end well . 
  it would need to be a 50 + year occupation before the country could stand on its own , and i do n't think 50 years is even enough . 
  i 'm not suggesting that we occupy anyone , but rather that had we approached the invasion of iraq more like the liberation of germany and japan after wwii it might not have been such a disaster afterwards , although it would have involved a massive occupation . 
  and we could absolutely have done so , it 'd have cost a massive amount , involved massive numbers of soldiers , probably a draft etc. .  for migration the solution is easy . 
  stop giving lifelong handouts and stop people at the border . 
  for migration that is n't related to asylum that 's broadly right . 
  for asylum , where people are actively fleeing war it is somewhat different . 
   did they join a terrorist group ? 
  libya was 1000x better under gaddafi than now , unless you 're part of a terrorist group . 
  no , one was a civil engineer , i think he 's dead now . 
  they went back because they left after having issues with the regime , so i suppose for them specifically it was n't possible to live in libya whilst gaddafi was in power , and they hoped and wanted to make the country better once he had gone . 
  clearly that did n't happen . 
   nonsense . 
  they travel through 15 safe countries for a reason . 
  they even risk their life on a boat in order to go from one safe country to a richer safe country . 
  some do , some do less . 
  you have migrants from all over the place ( some that are from safe countries in the first place ) mixed in with people who are refugees and from very much not safe countries . 
  the latter ( taking the central , and eastern mediterranean routes are passing through countries like turkey , egypt and libya to get to europe . 
  i think we need to separate people fleeing from war , from people who are simply looking for a better country to live in though , economic migration and refugees are different problems at the end of the day , and whether you can stay in europe does depend heavily where you fall between those groups . 
   blatantly false . 
  in most countries the refugees get into the same welfare programs as citizens , plus extras . 
  which ones ? 
  last i looked it was quite a lot less , germany and the uk certainly do ( and they are usually pointed at as being generous . . ) . 
  i 'm also reasonably sure that refugees generally do n't qualify for the same welfare programmes and depending on country , many are not allowed to work either . 
   nope , let people die if they are stupid enough to get on a boat . 
  this will much reduce the total number of deaths in the long term . 
  i doubt it 'd reduce the number of deaths , but it simply letting some proportion of people drown in the sea absolutely would be a reversal of centuries of tradition and values on the side of europe . 
  it does n't fit into the ` european values ' thing , the ` christian values ' thing , or even the western values thing really does it ? 
  i mean sure , advocate for removal and repatriation for migrants and camps for refugees with the intention of later return , protect borders etc. . that all just about fits , but let people die when we could help ? 
  does n't sound right to me , maybe i do n't know the right people . 
  yeah i know that feeling !, 
  yeah , but eu law will cease to apply in the uk , my point was that the uk 's own rules are essentially that anyway , for non-eu migrants ( although there may be some exceptions , there always seem to be in immigration law . 
   `` the right to acquire permanent residence after a continuous period of five years , '' are n't those the current rules for both eea family members and non-eea migrants anyway ? 
   diots like bush , obama , clinton and hollande would bring `` democracy '' ( i.e. 
  anarchy and theocracy ) to many more countries if they had their way . 
  of that set , none of them have any power , so . . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's relevant at this point ( also , you missed blair . . ) . 
  and you are right , they intervened in areas of the world where there was little holding things together and essentially created massive instability . 
  but they have done that , it 's not going away any time soon . 
   creating stability = supporting dictators . 
  or invading and occupying a country in a massive manner . . 
  i mean , you have two options , a light touch or a very heavy approach . 
  mostly it seems we take the former approach these days , the results do n't seem to be great . 
   maybe a good plan but lets start with not ousting dictators who keep countries relatively stable and prosperous . 
  right , but again , a good plan would suggest something we can do in the future , what that does n't do is deal with the existing issues . 
  i agree that we should n't go around destabilising any more countries if we can help it , but that does n't solve the problems now , and it does n't solve the issues of migration flows from countries where there has n't been an intervention by the uk/us/france or others either . 
   i completely agree with refugee camps in the region . 
  this is something that should have happened years ago . 
  it 's something that did happen years ago , the issue is that the scale is n't right and obviously people want somewhere to go later too , offering at least a suggestion that there might be somewhere for them to go back to helps with that . 
  i know quite a few people who had settled in the uk who went back to libya after the fall of gaddafi , because they wanted to help rebuild for example . 
   they often get more than they could ever hope to make in their countries of origin , particularly if you include stuff like top notch medical care . 
  they often face vastly lower living standards and less potential too though . 
  the draw is n't the money , it 's safety and opportunity for their kids and families . 
  money is secondary , painting it as though they are here for some quick cash is a little absurd . 
   they often get more than citizens on welfare , for example by being allowed to skip the queue for social housing , or a stipend for furniture . 
  that would depend on country , in the majority of cases they 'd get less than a citizen on welfare , and they are n't allowed into the queue for social housing , and instead get emergency accommodation that would n't be suitable for a normal citizen under normal circumstances . 
  i 'm sure there are edge cases , but again , it 's not as though the majority of refugees or migrants end up better off than the equivalent out of work , or homeless national . 
   allowing human trafficking is not part of my value system . 
  presumably nor is allowing people to die needlessly , even if they took a risk in the first place , and especially if they are fleeing a war . 
  i did n't suggest that human trafficking was acceptable , it is n't , but rendering aid is both acceptable and generally seen as a positive value . 
   reducing the motivation for the migrants is easy : you say that but :  1 . 
  stop removing dictators like gadhaffi , assad . 
  a bit later for the former , and the latter may not be gone , but the conflict is n't going to stop . 
  so you either need to put in place refugee camps that are both safe and comfortable enough in the region , or do more to create stability . 
  stop offering them a life long cash handout in return for risking their lives on a boat . 
  i 'm reasonably sure no eu countries offer significant , life long , cash handouts to valid asylum seekers or migrants . 
  most offer accommodation and a very small amount of money ( and actually offer more for return . . ) to those that qualify . 
  if anything , perpetuating the notion that if you get into europe you will be handed cash for life , in the way you have done above , is at least part of the problem ( although often it has been a variety of activist groups that suggest more support is available than is strictly true ) . 
   reducing the motivation for the ngos is easy as well : prison time . 
  i did n't suggest reducing the motivation for ngo 's i suggested that preventing them from saving people at risk of dying is n't something that i 'd see as an option if you believe in the values most european states generally seek to claim as their own . 
  i suppose they might have a few for that already , although they are strangely pretty aircraft . 
   picking up migrants a few kilometers off the libyan coast is not saving people dying in the mediterranean . 
  to be fair , picking up people a few km from any coast is saving people from dying , unless they happen to have the capacity to return to that coast , which it seems a lot of the people smugglers intentionally remove once they get to a certain point . 
  i understand what you mean , in that there is a difference between essentially running a shuttle service , and in picking up people in distress , but in practice that 's harder to separate , which is where removing , or reducing the motivation to make the attempt in the first place becomes important . . 
  the uk is n't going to bring back the death penalty , but if it did the guillotine would be a far too french approach . 
  i see ukip are looking for a new issue to get their core vote behind . . 
  they could have probably gotten away with just doing one side . . 
  right , so the balance is finding a way for the ngo 's and governments to stop people dying in the med , whilst removing , or reducing the motivation to make the attempt in the first place . 
  and yes , if ngos are involved in human trafficking then the people involved should face legal action . 
  the issue seems to be finding a balance . 
  we should be able to manage this without going all out against the ngo 's who are , at the end of the day , trying to save lives , whilst dealing with smuggling on the other side , and indeed working something out with enforcement and the issues raised by the prosecutors . 
  unfortunately , it seems that on this issue you have to be either entirely on one side or the other if you do n't want to be labelled as either an unconscionable killer , or a bleeding heart . . 
  the pound is going to be somewhat all over the place for a while . . 
   that said , this is a political problem and blaming ngo 's is ridiculous . 
  yeah , that really is a shitty attitude taken by a few groups , going after ngos rather than either the source of the problem , or working to find a semi-decent solution to mitigating the impact is quite a nasty approach . 
  yeah , if you use wage growth as a single data point it 's problematic , absolutely . . 
  but we were talking about standards of living and human rights . . 
  the uk has increased the point at which people start to pay tax for example , it has also introduced marriage equality , it has increased the minimum wage and significantly reduced unemployment since 2008 too ... 
  there are a whole slew of areas where the uk has gone backwards ( look at what the current government has done to the provision of support for disabled people . . ) but also where the uk has moved forward . 
  what we are n't seeing is some sort of general , objective decline which is what the parent suggested . 
  oh and there are clearer and better sources than the daily mail for the same data . 
  he 's the leader now . . what offer is better than that ? 
  not enough time now . 
  the question is what happens after the election , and whether a bad result will lead to a leadership change or not . . 
  8 seats . 
   national polling is often a bad indicator of lib dem electoral success because they tend to be good at targeted , local campaigning in specific seats . 
  most predictors use uniform swings , which rarely apply .
