   here 's hoping all sides end up cooperating for mutual gain and profit . 
   yeah , absolutely . 
   we 'll lose through attrition . 
  future ( re ) investment choices will move to the continent , to a larger more stable economic bloc . 
  by default ? 
  why ? 
  both switzerland and the uk have larger financial centres decades after the emergence of centres focused on a larger bloc . 
  whether the eu is more stable will depend on a whole raft of things , not least quite a lot of reform , not to mention that at the moment investment is still being assessed quite regionally , not on a per-bloc basis , and i ca n't see that changing in the future either . 
  if the uk were likely to become politically or significantly economically unstable you might have an argument , but that does n't seem that likely . 
   this opportunity cost is impossible to measure . 
  that 's almost always true if you are talking about how countries , sectors and industries evolve in a shifting regulatory environment . 
   the uk represents an unknown vs. the known eu . 
  not really . . 
  the uk represents as much of a known quantity as the eu in many respects , and that will only get better once the uk leaves the eu . 
  you also have to consider that the eu is about to lose a very large member , one who was quite instrumental in mitigating some of the more excessive tendencies when it comes to regulation , of other members . 
  essentially both the uk and eu have some unknown elements now and there is some uncertainty . 
  the real point is really only that collectively the eu is bigger , and that the single market is particularly attractive . 
   i try to see the advantage but all i can come up with is a move towards a tax haven like economy to retain international business . 
  then you are n't really looking hard enough . 
  to give you one example , the uk has lost a lot of biotech startups over the last decade or so because of problematic regulation and regulatory uncertainty ( there is a good paper from the government office for science on risk and regulation that i ca n't quite find at the moment , that is worth reading that touches on this . . ) , the uk can solve that alone , but not as part of the eu . 
  the same goes for things like industrial strategy and state support structures , the uk has more scope out of the eu . 
  lastly , when it comes to trade , we are currently somewhat hamstrung by the eu , that changes with bilateral agreements ... 
  if you take the recent eu/canada deal and read through the annexes and reservations , you will note that there is a huge amount of quasi protectionist , regionally specific and somewhat limited stuff in there that would n't be necessary on a bilateral basis , if you take into account that the uk is by far the eu 's largest trading partner for canada , it suddenly looks a bit like we could have done a far better deal without the eu rather than inside of it . 
   i expect greater economic disparity , the regions that voted to leave will be hardest hit . 
  london will largely be okay . 
  that depends on domestic policy more than anything else , and i do n't really trust the tories with it , but that was true before , after all , eu support in the uk is tiny compared to national expenditure . 
  i think it 's the difference in priority between the relationship with the uk and the lack of compromise , but essentially i think you might be right in that one basically suggests non-compromise presented nicely and the other being non-compromise with menaces . 
  it 's probably basically a breakout of whether people want a decent relationship with the uk , or whether they actively do n't , but you 'd need to ask a whole slew of questions to get a decent answer on that . . 
  frankly i 'm just impressed at how easily we can apparently extract massive concessions on trade with the us ... 
  to be fair , leaving the echr would be a step in the wrong direction , but as i said in my reply to the parent , human rights are n't dependent on specific institutions . 
    that does n't imply no free trade  eu parliament vows uk wo n't get free trade deal in the next two years you missed the bit of my quote that said it would depend on the trade agreement we end up with . . as to the trump stuff ... 
  i think you are barmy , but hey . 
   leaving the eu sets precedents for future generations . 
  it does but ...  it tells them nationalism is okay does it ? 
  it 's spun that way at the moment , but the opposite to nationalism , especially the nasty nationalism we see on occasion is n't the eu . 
  it could just as easily tell them that people have a choice in how they are governed , or that they have a real say in their future . .  that we do n't need foreign labour ( we kind of do ) we absolutely do need foreign labour , skills and talent , but again , leaving the eu does n't tell them that we do n't need foreign workers . 
  we will remain a massively multicultural country , we will remain open to foreign nationals and immigrants . .  that its okay to alienate entire countries because we do n't like other cultures . 
  this is probably the silliest of this list , you could turn it away , you can argue that leaving the eu shows that its not okay to alienate entire countries because we do n't like non-europeans . 
  the uk is very open to other cultures , countries , languages and ethnicities , it has n't always been but it is now , even when compared to other eu states . 
  you ca n't look at a single event and decide that it means something that it really does n't , and suggest that 'll be the legacy . 
  i think what you are saying is that racism and xenophobia are bad , and they are . 
  you would also be right to say that some people who voted leave are both racist and xenophobic . 
  but leaving the eu is n't somehow a suggestion that racism and xenophobia are good or acceptable , and it should n't be taken that it is . 
  it 's a huge disservice to the country and voters on all sides when people claim that leaving the eu is a win for racists , it is n't , they are and should continue to be just as marginalised now as they have become over the last few decades . 
  we are leaving a political and economic union , no succeeding from the world , or turning to some sort of ethno-nationalism . . 
  the eu is a political project , a project that the uk has n't been terribly keen on for a long time , we did n't join the euro or schengen and opted out of other bits too , but they were n't held up as examples of hating foreigners ( by having a border ) or dislike for other cultures because we did n't like sharing a currency . . 
  if we want to set a precedent for future generations , it should be that we can set our own direction , work with ( rather than become one with . . ) our close allies and that those future generations will continue to have a say in how the country changes and continues . 
   you 're presenting it as a non-existent change , and i 'll admit , the change is n't as dramatic as people make it out to be i 'm not , i 'm presenting it as a change that is n't catastrophic and not one that should be seen as entirely negative or entirely positive . 
  i 've also been clear that to get the best out of leaving the eu , we will need good governance , engagement and likely some hard work . 
   but it 's still going to have significant long-lasting negative effects . 
  it could have , if we make a mistake , if the tories take advantage or under any one of a million other scenarios , there is risk . 
  but it is n't guaranteed that it will have a significant long-lasting negative effect , in fact that 's not even the most likely scenario . 
  as to the impacts you listed above , those are arguably the easiest to deal with , we do n't have to tolerate racism or xenophobia any more than we have to tolerate sexism or homophobia . 
  more to the point , you can and i will , make the argument that both racism or xenophobia would make our chances of success in the future less likely , if we want to trade with the world , maintain and build on our diplomatic and cultural ties , we ca n't afford racists and xenophobes . 
  * edit : ` trade with the world ' , ` not trade with the word ' , i 'm not suggest prothletising en masse ... *, 
  it 's a comment on a forum , in reply to another comment , none of it is terribly controversial and you can easily verify anything you think may be inaccurate in both comments . . 
  i 'm quite happy with that , if you are n't , fair enough . 
   the uk refused a `` soft brexit '' . 
  it opted for a `` hard brexit '' without any free trade . 
  the uk has n't been offered either , and neither are well defined ... hard brexit at present seems to mean leaving the eu and single market , that does n't imply no free trade ( that will depend on a trade agreement ) it means no single market membership . .  the deal has yet to be negotiated . 
  indeed , and at that point we will see compromises from both sides in order to get the best possible deal for both parties . 
   the uk is pushing for a good deal , but it has little leverage . 
  the uk needs the eu more than the eu needs the uk . 
  the uk is a massive economy with a lot of connections to the eu , it has as much leverage as the eu does , and both could walk away from a bad deal . 
   they `` reacted '' in exactly the same way days after the us enacted the same policy . 
  presumably based on the same intelligence ...  i call it butt kissing . 
  you call it `` sharing intelligence '' . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  i suppose it is a matter of perspective , but not all perspectives are as valid as every other . . 
  the uk gets no benefit from imitating a us security policy ( again , it 's hardly valuable to trump or the us in any considerable way ... ) but we know that the us and uk share intelligence and cooperate very closely on security ... 
  no problem , although you are probably better off finding a nationalist scot and a unionist scot and getting them to compare notes if you want a decent look at the issues around scottish independence . 
   britain has finally revealed its plan for brexit : it wants to negotiate a clean break with the european union and a new free trade deal at the same time . 
  right . . and that 's not the uk simply getting everything it 'd like with no compromise . 
  the uk wants a good deal , of course it does , that deal will have some costs , and as long as they are reasonable , the uk will be happy to compromise . 
  that 's hardly surprising , it 's essentially the same position the eu will be pushing . 
   sharing intelligence is one thing . 
  mimicking their policies is another . 
  acting on intelligence however is n't mimicking policies , it 's reacting in a similar way to a perceived threat . 
   one could argue that policy was mimicked just so that future trade deals with the us would be easier and more beneficial . 
  aka butt kissing . 
  you think a laptop ban on flights will mean future trade deals with the us would be easier and more beneficial ? 
  i do n't know , i 'd be looking at it from a somewhat narrow perspective and not really able to weigh the varying factors . . 
  economically it 'd be messy as hell obviously with pretty much no upsides , the level of risk essentially depending on what arrangement scotland could enter into with the uk ( which would then be further complicated if scotland went the eu route rather than the more likely eea route ) . 
  there would be pretty large costs , a risk to social , educational and health programmes etc , , that seem problematic . 
  then there are issues around defence ( not only scottish defence , but also issues around the strategic position of scotland for nato etc. . ) . 
  on the plus side for scottish nationalists , scotland would be able to set its own direction and decide how it wants to interact with the world . 
  the powers currently reserved to westminster would be far closer to the scottish voters giving them more say in their governance . 
  whether you see it as beneficial or not will depend heavily on whether you think that scotland is currently badly governed as part of the uk ( and i 'd say it 's about on a par with where i am in yorkshire , if not slightly better off ) and whether the significant economic risk is worth the potential benefits in self governance . 
  from here that balance looks negative , if i lived in edinburgh or glasgow i might have a better idea and different perspective though . 
  the uk sees some of the benefits of the single market as costs , it has said it does n't want to be in the single market , but have access to it , and the uk is leaving the eu . . that , by default means giving up many of the benefits of membership and setting aside the responsibilities too . . 
  the next step is to see what benefits the uk can retain access to and at what cost , i have n't seen anyone suggest that the uk will simply get everything it 'd like and not have to compromise . .  they already banned electronic devices on airplanes . 
   guess who else did that ? 
  to be fair , the uk and us have a closer intelligence sharing arrangement than anyone else , i 'd hope its not entirely random or politically motivated , in fact i doubt it is given it 's essentially a pain in the arse for everyone . 
   what are your thoughts on scottish independence ? 
  i 'd rather see scotland remain part of the uk , but at the end of the day that is down to what people in scotland want . . realistically i 'd love to see a functional way to better represent regions of the uk in national policy making , but i have n't found a solution i like yet . . 
   while i agree with the beginning , i 'd contest that last point . 
  the uk made abundantly clear in the past , that they do not want to accept the rulings of the echr or be bound by the european declaration of human rights . 
  firstly that remains to be seen , and secondly human rights are n't dependent on specific institutions . 
  i 'd hope that the uk , whilst removing itself from the jurisdiction of the ecj will remain a contracting party to the european convention on human rights and subject to the ecthr for that matter . 
  after all , neither are directly eu specific , both are more related to the council of europe .
