  ah but soon with there being actual negotiations , there might be gifs too !, 
  boring ones mind , but still . 
  to be fair , that was n't so much the plan as much as it was a bit of a poor argument for people to vote remain . 
   or then i am just delusional and this will be a start of an exhausting two year shit show . 
  sigh . 
  probably that to a certain extent . 
  but the plus point is that peak uncertainty is essentially now , and with a bit of luck , when there are actual negotiations going on , we can stop with the shouted demands that no-one actually wants to come back on . . 
  well , a bit , but like this proposal . 
  if you are going with a plan where citizenship is n't linked to being in something then why not ? 
  you could vet applicants in some way obviously ... 
  i suppose it 'd just be a slightly odd visa-esque way to get eu wide residency for people . 
  as in , non eu countries , not just eu members ( who as you say already have eu citizenship . . ) or former eu members . 
  i meant open to literally anyone . . not just former eu members . 
  it 'd be quite interesting if it were open to anyone ... 
   one would think such a thing would have to be reciprocated of course , so eu citizens should get a vote in uk parliament elections as well as the right to work in the uk . 
  possibly , although you are right , there is no way that 'd go anywhere . . from the eu side though this is interesting , there seem to be a lot of people suggesting that it 'd be a way to somehow strengthen the eu , allow it to pick talent from the uk and so on , but apart from that seeming a little unlikely , i do somewhat wonder if the verhofstadt thing is mostly vanity . . 
  your argument is that the eu is via several tangents , one of the reason that kids in uk schools learn foreign languages ... ? 
  and you would then agree that someone would be justified in voting leave on that basis ... ? 
   because they are a bit vague . 
  like suppose i wanted to disprove your ideas . 
  what could i do ? 
  well , you could address whether the shift to a single currency across a set of countries did mean that governments lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates or not ( they did . . ) and whether that has an impact on the ability of countries to manage their economies in a crisis . 
  you could disprove that the common currency has meant that the usual mechanisms that apply to currencies in terms of exchange rates , including the ability to devalue a currency , ceased to apply , or explain whythat they are n't necessary or relevant . . you could also address why the eu has been looking at solutions to some of those problems , from proposed common fiscal policies , a treasury , fiscal transfers and taxes etc. . 
  when there are no problems to address . .  lots of economists did n't see the crisis coming , no they did n't . .  and after they missed that suddenly became experts on the euro . 
  while still barely having a coherent story of why the crisis happened . 
  if people ca n't explain the past i am going to be doubtful of their predictions of the future . 
  so , we are what , ignoring the views of economists and experts generally because we do n't like that they are proposing reforms that might help the euro deal with future crises , based on what was learned during the last one ? 
   it does not belong in that category because a person with a refugee status applying for asylum is not an immigrant , and therefore the conditions and requirements of immigration do not apply to them . 
  this needs to be so much clearer , people conflating legal migration with illegal migration and both with the movements of refugees fleeing conflict is incredibly annoying and means that the discussion fails to address the issues that surround those issues . 
  yes , for they could be ( dun dun dun ... ) enemies of the people !, 
  it 'll be even more efficient , the uk will be sending british negotiators . . 
  ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ fun . 
  i 'd accept eu fom for a perfect trade deal and an eu without a lot of the additional political aspects of the project ... 
  i 'd be willing to bet that some proportion of leave voters would accept continued eu membership without fom too . 
  oddly enough , there are a lot of different reasons people thought the eu was n't right for the uk . 
  go where . . what are you on about now ? 
  what ? 
  there is n't a clash , but lets leave it there . 
   there is a clash , the rules collide with each other , it ca n't be done . 
  there is no clash , the rules do n't collide with each other , it can and will be done . 
   you ca n't have restricted borders ( uk ) and unrestricted borders ( eu ) in ni at the same time , its impossible there wo n't be a border , freedom of movement is n't about borders , it is about the rights citizens have in other countries . 
  eu nationals ( except irish ones ) wo n't have the right to work in the uk without a visa , they will have the right to live and work in ireland . 
  which is exactly the same as say a german person arriving at heathrow , they 'd need a visa to work in the uk , but they can visit without a work visa . . 
  so it 's very much possible , and entirely likely . 
  but we are going around in circles again and you are n't making any more sense than the first time . 
   its like making apples illegal , but then making them legal . 
  the laws clash , it goes against the fundamental idea of a law there is no clash . 
  uk and ireland have free movement for their nationals , ireland and the eu have free movement for eu nationals , the uk does n't have free movement for eu nationals . 
  there is n't a clash , there is no earthly reason why they all need to reciprocate . 
  we 've been over this , there is no contradiction . 
  and again , i 'd love to know which laws you think make this illegal . 
   european law requires europeans have unhindered access to roi . 
  correct . 
   uk law will soon prohibit european unhindered access to ni . 
  correct . 
   so unhindered access between these two places , will break uk law why would eu citizens being allowed to settle in the roi mean uk law is broken ? 
  ok then , lets grab the detail . 
  which international law requires the uk and ireland to have a hard border ? 
  right , and that 's wrong as we 've discussed . 
  so is there anything you want to add ? 
  so . . just to be clear , your argument now is n't that it 's a default , or international law , or european law , or that it has to happen because of something else , but your argument now is that there is a remote possibility of a border , because the uk government could change a policy that has been in place for the last two decades , that would have little to no public support , potentially reignite and armed conflict and decide it 'd be nice to have a hard border ? 
  now you are right , the uk government could do that . 
  but it 's not very likely is it ? 
  i mean if that 's a concern , we should probably also consider what would happen if the uk government simply decided to cede northern ireland to ireland . 
  it 's also probably about as likely as ireland rejoining the uk , so that could solve the problem , oh !, 
  and the queen could decide to abolish parliament which would also have an impact on policy ... 
  this is utter shite at this point , this government and previous governments have been committed to ensuring there is no border between ireland and northern ireland , its not going to change in 2 years for the hell of it . 
  i 'm not even sure why you are so massively wedded to this notion ? 
  do you want to see a border for some reason ? 
  or are you one of those people that is catastrophising about all of this , expecting a border in northern ireland , economic collapse , social collapse , the break up of the uk etc. . and it 's disappointing that this might not happen ? 
  again , come on !, 
   there is n't a one voice for the uk , that statement does n't mean anything . 
  the uk in this case being the uk government . 
   besides , what is wanted and what is achieved is rarely the same in life when two people both want something and can do it , it tends to be pretty achievable . 
  i think it might be worth ending this conversation here because you seem to have reverted to simply making slightly odd statements and not addressing the issues at all . 
  the uk does n't want a hard border , ireland does n't want a hard border ... who else is going to impose one ? 
  this is a transnational issue , it 's between ireland and the uk . 
  you have been confused about free movement , confused about the history of that border and seem very keen that somehow the uk and ireland have to default to some international norm . . which is all frankly rubbish . 
  ireland do n't want a border , the uk do n't want a border , there will not be a hard border . . no-one can force it in place , no-one can impose it externally , no-one can make it happen if the two governments responsible do n't want one , and have perfectly workable alternatives anyway . 
   no , the government just tries to satisfy public opinion , does n't really have aims other than to stay in office the parties in government tend to want to stay in office and are made up of people who want to shape the country in a particular way . . 
  yes . . 
  but again , not sure how that 's relevant to the uk/ireland border , unless you think that a majority in ireland or the uk are about to get vocal about putting a border in place . . that does n't seem terribly likely does it . 
   the uk government serve the people , what they want actually is n't that important , since they 'll lose office if they do n't serve the people . 
  right ... but they will be in government from now until the uk leaves the eu , so what they want is what the uk will be aiming for . . 
  i ca n't see the opposition deciding that we need a border between the uk and ireland either , and the people do n't want it . 
  so ... what is the point of that particular truism ? 
  it 's not as though the uk government , or irish government , or indeed the british or irish public are going to decide , in the next couple of years , that actually , they 'd quite like a border back . 
  yeah . . restating that again and again does n't really change the situation . 
  the uk government does n't want a border , the irish government does n't want a border , so by default , there will be no border , as no-one who could put a border in place , will put in place a border . . 
  again , no by default there will be no border , as there is n't a border now , and no-one wants to put one in place ... 
  so no border will magically appear . 
  the uk and ireland already have agreements in place related to the cta . 
  that said , there are lots of things that will need to be sorted out once the uk leaves the eu and that may mean an update to those agreements or a new one entirely . 
  however , if no new agreements were to be made , there would still be no border as no-one is going to put one in place ... 
  what ? 
  the same way we manage it now when a non-eu shipment comes into a port and then moves to another part of the eu ? 
  you track consignments and use all sorts of wonderful electronic mechanisms to record what is where and what duties etc. . are payable . . 
   the uk government is saying it plans to stop a hard border , which will be by striking a deal . 
  the uk government will not put a border in place , they will be making sure that they have the relevant agreements in place with ireland ( as per the political agreement point in the video ) and no doubt will look to see what else can be negotiated . 
  your point was that we would end up with a hard border by default , but we wo n't .
