   regulation also spawns new ways of doing things , it can , but it closes down avenues of doing other things . 
  regulations are a good idea when they do what they claim to do ( prevent harm , protect populations and so on ) , the problem arises when they do n't . 
  so under some circumstances preventing an activity might make sense , doing to to foster innovation is a misnomer if there is no harm because all it does is cost a lot of money to recreate something that already exists , but is now inaccessibly without regulation . 
   random not too closely related example : not being able to use stem cells harvested from embryos made researchers figure out ways to breed specialised stem cells back to pluripotent form . 
  except that research was already ongoing and obviously different countries had different approaches . . whilst germany , austria , italy , and so restrict the use of embryonic stem cells rather severely , sweden and the united kingdom have a decent legal framework to support research . 
  that was ( and continues to be , thanks to the situation in the us with financing ) a boon for researchers in countries with fewer restrictions ... 
  it was n't good for innovation that various countries restricted research , it was a barrier . 
  iirc a lot of the research in this area was done in the uk , us and japan where there are fewer restrictions anyway . .  you also wo n't run afoul of the precautionary principle when researching these kinds of schemes which is actually modern agriculture , not the coarse , reductionist , and constantly self-defeating , principles of industrial-age agriculture kept alive by modern technology . 
  except that we are seeing pre-emptive regulation that is excessive in quite a few areas ( notably , but not exclusively biosciences ) as well as regulatory overreach ( where regulations on sale attempt to also create regulated usage . . ) . 
   of course , if your business is selling seed , fertiliser and pesticides then you 're not going to like those kinds of schemes , and the hell are n't going to research them : there 's no money to be made off them for private interest . 
  research would have to be publicly funded , serving the public . 
  if you are in the business of selling seed , fertiliser and pesticides , you are going to want a heavily regulated environment that reduces your competition , preferably with limitations on existing technologies ( even where there is n't a risk ) to increase your ability to sell improved products , whether they are improved or not . 
  * edit : if you want a reasonable look at risk vs innovation the [ uk government office for science report ` innovation : managing risk , not avoiding it ' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/381905/14-1190a-innovation-managing-risk-report.pdf ) is worth reading . 
  there is an interesting quote that applies : * but one of the consequences of having a european union of 28 nations is that almost every technology evokes immediate and strong reactions in one or more nations . 
  * * we need to be more aware of these differences , so that we can have healthier and clearer debates that make better policy at all levels . 
  for example , there are two fundamental confusions that bedevil debate on several important regulatory topics , particularly within europe . 
  * * the first is the way in which the notions of hazard and risk are differently embedded in national modes of policymaking . 
  this is why it is so important that we share a common understanding of the distinctions between hazard , risk , and vulnerability . 
  * * the second is a drift of interpretation of the precautionary principle from what was , in effect , a holding position pending further evidence , to what is now effectively a stop sign . 
  to be meaningful , the precautionary principle requires a rational response to uncertainty ( as distinct from risk ) . 
  essentially if the motion passes the provisions of article 20 of the eu tobacco products directive would n't apply in the uk . 
  as i understand it , if the lords agree to the motion the statutory instrument implementing the tpd in the uk will fall , which would mean tpd does n't apply in the uk , but it 'd also mean the eu could start `` infraction proceedings '' against the uk for not fully implementing article 20 . . be interesting to see which direction that takes . 
   as per precautionary principle , then , it should be banned . 
  and this is a real issue for regulation in the eu and why half our bioscience startups ended up in the us rather than the eu . 
  over-regulation without a good scientific basis kills innovation and we all lose ... 
   but there is acute toxicity for drinking concentrated glyphosate/roundup so just follow the directions . 
  to be fair , if that were a good reason to ban substances , we 'd have difficulty buying a whole slew of ( non-food ... ) related stuff . 
  i think the tobacco products directive is going to face a challenge in the lords ( or rather a motion that would kill the statutory instrument that would enable it in the uk . . ) largely because of the idiotic approach being taken toward e-cigarettes . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if it happens and , if it does , what the reaction from the eu will be given the uk would be non-compliant . 
  that would have to happen before the 10th of june too ( iirc ) . 
   but how can you argue with an economic argument if you do n't have a plan for the economy ? 
  you can make the case that there are options outside the eu that do n't lead to catastrophe , which is true ... 
  the fact that we collectively have to decide what option to take is n't exactly any different from what we do every general election after all . 
  much like the different views of what the eu is and will be by the labour , tory , lib dem and green elements of the remain campaign ( lets be clear , they are all selling the idea of the eu eu on a very different and often contradictory basis ) there are very different views of what government should do once the uk begins the process of leaving the eu . 
  it 'd be rather daft if you pull all of those views together into one white paper and then explain that you are n't actually responsible for it , or in any position to make it happen ... 
  nobody want 's to talk about cables . 
  anyway , it 's exremely old-fashioned way of espionage . 
  and does n't work with foc cutting fibre works pretty well ... 
   the most important consequence of a brexit for the continental eu will be frankfurt/main becoming a global top financial center , taking over the position currently held by london . 
  frankfurt has been trying to do that for decades , it has n't gotten close . 
  that wo n't change once the uk leaves the eu either . 
  the eu could try to regulate in a manner that makes frankfurt more competitive , it could try to limit international financial centres from carrying eu trade , it could proclaim frankfurt the new eu finance capital , but it ca n't make it a global financial centre . 
   by the same token , the continental eu services industries in general will grow from the new hurdles for uk firms and become more global competitors themselves . 
  that is a possibility , and it 'd be a welcome one , but again , so far within the eu and previously outside of it , london and the uk has remained competitive when it comes to services . 
  i 'm sure the eu could isolate itself in such a manner that there is a preference for eu based services , but that wo n't make it more competitive globally . 
   and ireland will experience an unprecedented boom as the only english-mothertongue business hub left in the eu . 
  that i think is likely either way , i think ireland , if it takes advantage and makes the most of its position within the eu , could absolutely benefit from a brexit . 
  happens once every 10 years , so it 'd be woefully inaccurate , and again , people abroad are n't going to be on it . 
   i never understood why people have to register to vote anyways . 
  should n't it be an automatical process anyways ? 
  i 'd assume that the problem is that there is no real way to automate something like voter registration as it could well be the only source for data on who lives in an area or is eligible to vote , that has to be doubly true for voters abroad . 
  if you are n't working or claiming benefits ( so married , over 18 child living at home , retired . . ) there is not really any way for the local government to know that you exist , and potentially no reason for national government to know either , if you have n't registered to vote . 
   where 'd you get that number ? 
  one of the many calculators out there using the current population survey numbers from the census , as a side note , i was sceptical too , so i pulled - the [ male ] ( https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/cpstables/032015/perinc/pinc11_1.xls ) and [ female ] ( https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/cpstables/032015/perinc/pinc11_2.xls ) data and it 's consistent , with a further sharp drop to $ 250,000 . 
  the $ 200k and over are the top 1.4 % of earners and those with incomes above $ 250k are the top 0.8 % ... and obviously if we were comparing household income the numbers are very different again , for the top 20 % of uk households the figure is # 80,800 ( $ 116,020 / $ 102600 ) which is pretty comparable to the us figure at $ 129,006 , especially given the tax burden and service disparity . 
  do n't get me wrong , wages in the us are higher than in the uk , by quite a margin in some areas , but there are lots of other issues that make the uk quite attractive ( income tax threshold at the bottom end for low income families , tax credits and so on , not to mention the nhs . . ) . 
  it just depends on where you sit within that . 
  on ex-pats , it gets pretty wonky quickly too , i know a lad who is doing a job that i was doing for about # 30k a year a few years back for almost # 140k in saudi . 
  but he is single and has to live in saudi so it sort of works out . . 
   just an intuitive guess , but i think around 25 % of the population in the usa makes $ 100,000 + . 
  but in europe , that number is probably closer to 5 % - with most people clustering around the $ 25k median . 
  $ 100,000 + would be around $ 110,000 and would put you in the top 3 % of us earners , not the top 25 % . 
  i think you end up with distorted views of income if you do have a decent income , which is n't really surprising given we all generally end up within a social bubble of sorts . 
  the tax situation in the us is also quite interesting , it is n't actually low compared to the uk ( depends a bit on where you live but still . . ) , between local and state taxes , property taxes , sales taxes and so on it can get quite expensive rapidly . 
  that said , property in the uk is insane and the cost of living is a lot higher ( but then quite a few things are a lot cheaper too , especially anything around medicine , banking and , in my view anyway , self employment ) . 
  the 50 pfennig coin does that for me , found in amongst some of my paperwork the other week too . . 
  although the 5dm coin was reassuringly large . 
  made pounds feel odd when i got back to the uk . 
   any vote in britain to leave the european union would mean the country 's departure from the bloc and could not be used to renegotiate its membership , germany 's finance minister said on thursday . 
  that is the general idea yes ... 
  i know it 's been raised a few times , notably by the remain crowd , but i do n't think that even a small proportion of those advocating for the uk to leave the eu are , for want of a better term , faking it , to get more concessions . . 
  most people who are making the case for the uk to leave , want the uk to leave , including a fair proportion who think that there are n't any concessions likely that would make remaining viable . 
   i just think that not advancing towards a better future because of some sense of nationalistic belonging is wrong . 
  a large part of the question is whether the eu represents a ` better future ' or not . 
  if people think it does n't , out of the various options , then surely voting to remain in the eu would be wrong on essentially the same basis . 
  the eu is n't the be all and end all , it is n't the only way to interact with the world , or even other european states ... 
  there are valid alternatives after all . 
  because it 's a caricature ? 
  not liking the eu does n't equate to ` hating continentals ' and whilst the uk might well leave the eu , it 's not sailing off into the north atlantic , it 'll remain part of europe ( much like the other non-eu european nations ) . 
  there can be a disconnect in this sub that the future of europe is inevitably with the the eu , it is n't . . 
   mate , you do understand that it would result in economic collapse in the uk ? 
  of course it would n't ... 
  even the worst case scenario 's people are suggesting on the remain side have an impact significantly smaller than the 2008 crash . . how on earth would it result in ` economic collapse ' ? 
  2015 is fairly recent ... 
  the iraq war is hardly ancient and people would argue that the israeli annexation is ongoing . 
  but as i said , it 's not really comparable . 
  2.7 million-square-kilometres of [ queen maud land ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_maud_land ) in 2015 apparently ... 
  they kept that quiet . 
  technically israel , iraq , russia and ... norway . 
  but yeah , russia 's actions in ukraine are pretty novel and well beyond the normal bounds of the kind of foreign policy that anyone has found acceptable for a long time . 
  it 's the other side of the ` everything will go to pieces ' argument from the remain campaign . 
  essentially the argument boils down to the question of whether eu economies like germany , france and italy will look to protect their own economies by putting in place a reasonable agreement after the uk leaves , or whether they are willing to pay billions of euro 's and threaten their economic security by holding off because . . well , because it might encourage others if the uk does n't immediately implode . 
  the sad thing is that the economic argument for remain ( and leave ) is really the weakest one , it is quite likely very little will change in terms of trade in the short term and it is in everyone 's interest that things go well , which makes putting something sensible in place relatively likely . 
  it really is bizarre . 
  i mean , its odd that this has n't carried over from the cold war . 
  the idea then was that we 'd end up fighting the russians in germany because we could n't stop them before then , and we 'd hold them as best we could until the us etc. . got it 's arse in to gear with reforger . 
  now that barrier has moved east , but the need would still be exactly the same , we 'd fight the russians further east to hold them whilst we re-enforce . 
  i suppose broadly in both the case of cold war germany , and poland/latvia/estonia / romania/hungary now , it was n't so much about defending them as it was about fighting to survive long enough to resupply and fight back , but still . 
  you 'd think the germans would see it as a good thing that their troops would be fighting outside of germany and not in germany , that the various chemical and potentially worse , weapons being used were n't killing their civilians and destroying their infrastructure . 
  but then this is always the problem with alliances , and probably why they fall apart so often when the shit actually hits the fan .
