  depends on your position really , if yo are one of the europeans who would like to pivot away from nato and toward an eu army it 's probably a bit of a downer , but if you are interested in defending europe from stuff it 's broadly positive . . 
   he said the stupidity of the eurozones structure meant that the entire european project was structured to fail . 
  this is sort of the thing with quite a few eu projects , but i 'd argue that they are n't structured to fail because people want them to fail , they are structured so that further integration that is n't possible initially and politically unpopular , becomes necessary and so the political pressures are reduced . 
  that does n't seem to be happening in a number of areas though , so the eu and eurozone are finding it much harder to carry out the reforms that they want . . now that might simplify a little once the uk leaves , but this , and other positions ( coming from the likes of denmark , the netherlands , the v4 and others ) are n't going to simply disappear either . 
  it 's arguably crisis based policy pushing , and i think it 's really quite problematic in that it harms the perception of eu programmes and projects in the view of the public , and creates fuel for euroscepticism where there is n't actually a need for it . . 
  p\u00fcnktlichkeit ist ja wichtig . . * i 'd like to thank the mods for the flair change , i can honestly say have n't felt this european since pretending to be austrian in paris last year . 
  my only issue is that it 's a couple of hour early . 
  and the uk & canada too . 
  it 's a bit bizarre . . 
  the latter probably makes more sense ( a mock certificate of incorporation . . ) given that whilst its a fairly minimal cost to set up a business , you 'd end up with the need to either shut the company , or file accounts/returns etc. . and company directors are required to file for self-assessment tax returns , which would be a shitty gift . . 
  you were -5 when i commented , did n't know why either though . . 
  alarmingly that 's actually becoming a thing with new builds , although it is n't that common in the uk yet and finding a 13th floor is n't that unusual ( and a flat 13 on the first floor really is n't ) . 
  the lack of number 13 houses is pretty much confined to some developers new builds though and not standard , most streets will have a number 13 on them . . 
  the german one actually has a bucket on his head . . 
  impressive . 
  / u/naryn answered below , but no , on the uk side , you 'd apply for a specific course ( at a number of universities usually . . ) and generally you 'd aim to pick a university that was good for that subject . 
  now some people do obviously aim to go to an oxbridge university and make choices accordingly , same with russel group universities for that matter , but they 'd apply on the basis of a specific subject not generally . 
  that 's the same as in the uk though , and i think its the same in the us up to a point ( although it seems more common to change subject . . ) . 
  france probably ( partially because its close ) but there is a lot to choose from , depends partly on what kind of holiday i want to have tbh . 
   there 's no higher cost to the merchant for accepting the foreign card . 
  there can be , and there could be associated costs ( fraud checking etc. . ) , and yes it could well be bullshit , but it is permissible . 
  you are right that airbnb ca n't directly pass on the credit card costs on to the customer ( that 's a breach ) but they can charge different rates , at least under the current rules under some circumstances . . 
  there is n't exactly a lot of detail in the question here to determine what the issue is either . 
  just be aware that from the legal point of view traders can currently reject a transaction made with a foreign credit card , or charge fees ( forex or transaction fees ) to cover the costs of such a transaction if they are higher in one member state than another . 
  what they generally should n't do is charge you a different price based purely on your nationality or place of residence . 
  the advice from the commission is that you should contact the seller first , and if you ca n't get it sorted , they have a list of people you can contact , either on site or if you look at the end of [ this ] ( http://eccnetmalta.gov.mt/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/buying-servicespdf.pdf ) brochure . 
   i still think , particularly with a mortgage , it provides a lot of protections for what to do if the relationship ends and dividing assets since all assets become common property so if there is a split in your case you end up having to figure out exactly who ends up with what and then each own the house by half with no considering any other assets which are basically all taken on an individual basis . 
  i 'm not sure that it does to a significant extent any more . 
  if you have a contentious divorce or split , you are going to end up having a judge look at it either way and since at least 2010 the approach seems to have been broadly the same when dealing with married and unmarried couples . 
  essentially individual circumstance seem to have more of an impact than the status of the relationship . 
  the biggest difference is really around maintenance , but once you throw in kids it becomes very similar too . 
  essentially in practice , a divorce has the potential to get messy as does the split in any long term relationship ... 
   so you just want to make piecemeal arrangements that act basically like the same thing as marriage despite the fact that there is a ready made legal arrangement called marriage that does it all much easier ? 
  no . . generally we just have n't had to make many separate arrangements at all . 
  you have to specify a next of kin every time the doctor gets you to update your medical information , our mortgage would have exactly the same terms whether we were married or not , so would our pensions , so would our tax and tax credit arrangements . 
  there is almost nothing that we do differently to a married couple , and very few differences in the rights we have in regard to each other . .  it 's a strictly legal arrangement between two people and the government , any spiritual or emotional baggage you attach to the term is on you , not that marriage exists in the first place . 
  i 'm not attaching any particular spiritual or emotional baggage , after all in the uk you can have an entirely non-religious marriage ( indeed it 's the default ) and my parents have been married for decades . 
  my point is that the need for marriage in a practical sense has diminished to essentially nothingness . 
  there is no tax difference , no difference in terms of relationships toward children , it makes no difference to banking , my pension , our mortgage , our utilities , our car insurance or any one of the hundreds of other bits and pieces that make up a life . 
  now if that were different , if you still had a tax advantage , or we were locked out of things that married couples have access to it 'd be a different situation . 
  but we are n't so at that point it is a bit pointless . 
  if things change , then it 's easy enough to go and get married , but right now ? 
  does n't seem like it will . 
   so what happens when one of you ends up in the hospital and your so is n't next of kin ? 
  nothing , because my so is my next of kin . . ? 
   what happens if one of you gets a job abroad and now needs to get a visa as a spouse ? 
  then it depends on the system the country has in terms of visas , if we were looking to move to a country that did n't recognise our relationship status then presumably we 'd nip down to the registry office and get married . 
  broadly though , it is meaningless though , especially given the motivations you are presenting have less to do with a relationship and more to do with legal systems catching up to the fact that fewer and fewer people are getting married . . 
  unmarried for 14 years and have n't regretted it either and no issues so far . 
  i actually quite like the fact that the emphasis now is on the nature of the relationship rather than whether its a marriage/civil partnership/something else . 
  of course it might be different if our relationship were less solid . . 
  less so in the uk these days , and even where there are legal differences , they tend to be something that you can bridge . 
  everything from pensions to the welfare system has slowly geared itself to work whether you are married or not , i think the biggest difference these days is around inheritance tax , but even then it 's about whether you have a threshold where you pay ( something over # 300k ) . . 
  in short , in the uk at least , you do n't get that many rights as a married couple as you would in any other relationship , and even then , a lot of things will essentially give you those rights as part of whatever contract you are entering into anyway ( tenancy , mortgage , bank accounts , pensions etc. . ) . 
  i have kids , and i do n't see much point . 
  a decade or more ago it may have made more difference in terms of recognition from the state , but now , the kids that i have with my other half , the joint mortgage and so on mean significantly more than a marriage certificate ever could ( and that ignores the relationship obviously . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that at least in the uk it has gone from being a commitment of responsibility to something you ` do ' , the big party with all the associated bits seems more important than the actual agreement and i sort of do n't need to spend money on the party bit . 
  that said , if people want to get married , great , it 's a nice sentiment and the event itself does bring families together too . 
  it is odd . 
  it works if you intersperse it with other stuff though . 
  i spent a few days in paris last time i was in france and yes , went to a few of the major tourist sites because they are impressive , but it was mostly as a stop off between relaxing in brittany ( for a week or so . . ) and heading to germany to see relatives . 
  it was also improved as a thing because we made some friends whilst we were there , ( in fact we 'll probably nip back over to say hello again at some point soon . . ) , but i ca n't imagine just going from major tourist destination to major tourist destination is a particularly attractive thing to do on holiday . 
  it 's also a lot easier just to jump in the car and drive over ( about 10 hours taking it easy ) than if you were flying from the us . . 
  the problem is that a lot of people in the uk , including on the remain side , have issues with the political project ( that 's partially why the government and remain campaign focused so hard on the economic aspect , rather than on the benefits of the political aspects . . ) . 
  i mean , obviously this thread is a big ` what if ' anyway , but the chances of the uk rejoining with broad support for the project as a political , integrationist thing is even slimmer than people supporting rejoining at any point soon . 
  yeah , but then it 's not that hard given everywhere in the english speaking world seems to be named after places in the uk . . 
  the place furthest away from it 's namesake that i 've been to is newcastle in australia ( i have family in newcastle . . ) . 
  we still have those . . 
  yeah i spent a few years in hong kong , quite a lot of the people i know have spent at least a year living abroad outside of europe , usually the us , australia or somewhere in asia , one guy i know is in dubai , and i have friends that are still abroad . 
   and back in my days ... 
  etc , etc. 
  to be fair , it 's not a long time ago and life has n't changed that much ( if anything , between the prevalence of kids having mobile phones and the reductions in crime ) risks are much lower . 
  what i 'm saying is that there has been and continues to be a societal change where we treat people as adults later and later , that has been accelerating recently . 
  there also seem to be bigger divisions in terms of where we are talking about , rather than just how long ago . . 
  i mean , i 'm not suggesting kids should be working in mines , i 'm bemoaning the fact that people ( both parents and kids ) seem less happy with the idea of their kids working in shops , restaurants and cinemas for a few hours a week and that we are entering a world where those jobs are n't just supporting some 16 year olds dvd habit , but instead supposed to be full time work for adults . . 
  indeed , 20 hours a week would be excessive , i worked a few hours on a couple of evenings and some weekends if there was work available ( saving for a computer at the time ... ) . 
  holiday jobs where hit and miss too , i had a mate who got a job on a farm and made what at the time seemed like a fortune in 6 weeks . . 
  in the gap between gcse 's and the next bit , i ended up getting a job in a sandwich factory though , 2 weeks in i was supervising a shift and making what felt like vast sums . 
  although that was pretty physically hard and i would n't have wanted to do it for more than a few months . . 
  at 16 you are n't a child but you are n't really fully an adult either , but at that point you do have a lot of decisions that you have to make and i 'd argue that you need to be able to make them independently of your parents at least to some degree . 
  i 'd also argue that the current trend of pushing off adulthood is n't great , it used to be far more common for people to get part time jobs from 14 and on , essentially so you had some money to spend and i 'd argue it was quite beneficial . 
  working 6-12 hours a week , even whilst still in school is perfectly manageable at that point without having an impact on education ( whether after school or at the weekend . . ) . 
  the problem now seems to be that the jobs that kids used to get , especially in shops and so on , are now being done by older people as their primary employment , rather than by young people temporarily . 
  i 'd add that this is a relatively recent change , when i left school most of my friends had jobs , those that did n't got jobs between school and whatever they were doing next too . 
  there does seem to be a bit of a split between people living in towns and larger cities ( no idea about rural areas ... ) . 
  where i am in a moderately sized city , when i speak to parents of kids at around 16 , it seems both the parents and the kids are far more concerned and indeed reticent about work for reasons like stress , travel , whether they can do it , social interaction and so on . 
  it 's really quite depressing . 
  my in laws live in a town though , and my brother in law owns a shop and does employ people under 16 and seems to always have a few people who are interested , the view seems quite different , it is seen as positive and the kids doing it enjoy having money to spend . 
  same goes for my kids , my eldest is really pleased that he can get a few hours work at a weekend if he wants them ( and organises it in advance . . ) even if it means spending # 10 to get there and back by train . . 
  personally i think work at that age is useful in developmental terms , you work with people who are older than you , understand that you get paid , get to make choices about money you have earned etc. . as long as it does n't interfere with school and kids still have a reasonable amount of free time i really do n't see a problem . 
  it 's far better than some of the alternatives parents seem to like ( i 've had people say that they really like that their kid is essentially in the house all the time playing on the play-station , because that means they know they are n't getting into trouble ... ) . 
  it also seems to build confidence , again to the point that my eldest is happy to take public transport , decide he wants to go to the climbing club or do whatever else , whilst some of his mates really do n't seem to be able to do much independently . 
  yeah , absolutely , in fact it 'd be a bit shit if that kind of thing was n't available regardless . 
  indeed there is , although last time i checked the player was n't a nice , and harder to cast sensibly than the bbc ones . 
  i have a tv but it 's essentially internet connected ( no connection to an aerial ) , but frankly the bbc 's content is worth the tv license , especially given the lack of adverts and the quality of both the programming and the news . 
  i do watch some live streamed stuff though ( news and parliament mostly . . ) . 
  sounded similar to the uk so i was n't sure !, 
  same view here , ( not sure where you are . . ) generally people use contactless cards or chip and pin in shops , there are some exceptions , but i do n't know a lot of people that use their mobiles regularly ( and mine is n't set up for it . . ) , it seems less convenient than a contactless card most of the time . . 
  but i have a banking app on my phone and pay pal to pay for online purchases or send money to people , which i suppose counts . . 
   long story short , it only costs about 100 quid to stand in an election .
