  i suppose we could go with a half measure ; farage is out of a job so , you could keep him as part of the exit negotiations ( not sure what the uk would have to give in return , but it 'd be worth it . . ) , let him represent a made up country in the ep ( or a have him rotate ? ), 
  and it 'd be almost be the same . . 
  i 'd assume that if they get unionist abstentions ( or indeed an organised unionist boycott ) it 'd be somewhat hard for the catalan government to issue a udi with any credibility . 
  the only way around that would be if they got some significant turnout ( as in 70 % + ) and a decent majority for independence ( as in 80 % + . . ), 
  that might work if you convince canada to lend you nova scotia and get them to act a bit secessionist . . 
  and to be fair , it was amusing . 
  risky , but amusing . 
  people have unalienable personal rights just by virtue of existing . 
  you are not bestowed these rights by society . 
  society is supposed to protect your rights , not take them away . 
  that 's certainly one theory , but even under that theory , any natural right to privacy essentially starts and stops inside your own head . 
  beyond that it becomes a social construct , your house may be private property and so you have some privacy whilst in it , but property ownership is n't a natural right ( it 's a social construct as much as privacy is ) . 
  the same goes for any privacy in communication , or when you are out and about , the moment you communicate or are in the presence of others , the only privacy protections you have are those that apply because society has said so . 
  if you take the natural rights argument to its conclusion , you essentially only have the rights you can defend ( which are basically none ... ) , which is why we have society acting in a way that protects rights , and so defines them . 
   we do not know . 
  actually we kind of do , the problem is that the actual threat is still fairly minimal , and the responses that governments want to use are generally disproportionate . 
  terrorists do and have communicated via the internet , we have seen some incredibly stupid terrorist plots dealt with where they have in part communicated via forums they felt were secure ( but were n't . ) . 
   they expect citizens to renounce their personal rights on the basis of `` nothing to hide - nothing to fear '' , but they themselves do not reciprocate . 
  that is indeed a problem , although there is still a good argument to find a sensible balance . 
   also , the whole premise of `` nothing to hide - nothing to fear '' is false . 
  i do not have to `` have something to hide '' in order to claim my right to privacy . 
  it is my right whether it is useful for the state or not . 
  the correct question is : at the end of the day , everyone has something to hide , but that is n't a good argument to broadly breach everyone 's privacy either . 
  that said , there are conditions under which it does make sense to invade someones privacy to detect or deal with crime , that 's pretty fundamental and has been present as an argument even in things like the us constitution ( in terms of reasonable search and seizure . . ) . 
   if i have done nothing wrong , why is my privacy being violated ? 
  the argument would be that your privacy is being violated a little , because it is proportionate to protect your other rights . 
  the question is what is proportional , most of the proposals we have seen recently , and indeed some of the laws that are out there , are not proportional . 
  that is the risk with the eu regulating too , but there is a debate to be had . . 
   they do n't need that though . 
  each attacker was identified via traditional police work . 
  they just did n't care to arrest them before the attacks . 
  every terrorist ever or just some of the recent ones ? 
  there is a role for surveillance and intercept in policing and counter-terrorism , but it has to be proportional . .  also , privacy rights are personal rights . 
  you can not get rid of one 's personal rights on their behalf . 
  privacy , like any other right is a societal construct , you give up elements of that right voluntarily and involuntarily under quite a few circumstances already , but broadly it 's proportionate and part of a legal process . .  of course if you are a proponent of authoritarianism and the use of violence on your own citizens , then noone can really stop you . 
  no . . not sure why that 's relevant though . 
   how about police actually do their job and arrest terrorists instead of infringing on the freedoms of law-abiding citizens ? 
  the argument is that they need to do the latter , so that they can do the former . 
  the problem is the balance and approach seems to be wrong and this set of proposals has the potential to be problematic . 
   well , tech is involved and they are cutting middle men . 
  not really , they are just acting as the middle man , but without adhering to the rules . 
  it 's not a ` new ' model , it 's basically minicabs with an online element . 
  the issue with uber now though is that in some places it 's looking to skirt the regulations because it has decided to define itself differently ( we 'll see what the courts say about that shortly . . ) . 
   it 's also a step in their plan to get rid of the drivers , but that 's in standby for a while . 
  it 's their aim , but they are nowhere near it yet , people are n't protesting that though are they . .  but i meant it more in small tech innovation causing disruptions on established jobs . 
  the protests i was referring were not from their workers , but the local cab drivers . 
  i know what you were going for , but in this case i do n't think it 's the tech innovation that is causing the issue , and the innovation is pretty minor at that , the real advantage uber had and continues to have is being global rather than local and ignoring local rules . 
   you could go back a few years to protests from workers in the printing press industry , but those were even more complex than just tech . 
  like i said , the luddites are the classic example , but every time technology has threatened jobs there has been pushback to some degree , that has then disappeared . 
  computers have killed far more jobs than robots have for example ( the first place i worked , there used to be a team of 30 + people who were essentially replaced by one person broadly because of advances in computer technology . . ) . 
  this is the right answer , but for some reason a lot of people seem to see it as an issue that has to have a winner and a loser , it does n't , both sides of these negotiations can walk away with more potential than they have now , especially if further eu integration deals with some of the issues within the eurozone . 
   uber protests are only the beginning . 
  uber protests are n't about the technology or robotics though , they are about a company ignoring the rules on everything from tax through to employment . 
  your best comparison is probably to the [ luddites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luddite ) . . 
  not quite , you do n't have the same voting rights as a national in an eu country if you are there exercising your eu treaty rights . 
  you generally have the right to vote in some elections , local and district ones , as well as european parliamentary elections but not national elections . 
  although frankly , if you live somewhere legally , pay tax and so on , that broadly makes sense anyway . 
   no matter how shabby my town is , it does n't make sense to change it to shabbier , for instance by voting to cut ties with the largest investor in development in your area . 
  that would make more sense if the eu were the largest investor in development in these areas , but it is n't , the uk and regional governments are , often followed by or topped up by private funding . 
  if you see the eu as contributing to the problems you have , despite spending some money in your area ( money that you are essentially paying out in the first place ) then it 's a bit of a different calculation . 
  that is n't intended as a criticism of the eu in terms of development spending either , the eu budget is small compared to most countries , so it is not surprising that national governments , especially in the net contributing countries , spend far more and provide far more than the eu does or can . 
   damn mercator projection !, 
  well that and sheer population numbers , asia does n't look * that * much bigger than europe , and it sort of gets a bit weird ( although not relevant to the point here . . ) when you consider how much of asia seems to be incredibly sparsely populated . . 
   is europe not the most densely populated continent ? 
  nope , that 'd be asia . 
   do we still have laws against flag burning ? 
  i do n't think we 've ever had laws against flag burning . . 
  being outside the single market would mean not benefiting from future eu trade deals with other countries , and eu/uk trade could be anywhere from the same as it is now , to less advantageous , the uk is of course a net importer from the eu , so it 'd be down to eu members as to where they land on that . . you ca n't ignore the non trade issues though , the eu/uk relationship involves more than just trade after all . 
  the uk would be outside of the eu political project , that 'd be quite a bit less than membership . . 
  right . . but as far as i am aware , the uk is n't asking for a norway style deal , so that 's broadly irrelevant is n't it ? 
  the future uk/eu relationship will be unique in the sense that it 'll not be based on some other deal , it 'll be whatever makes the most sense for the eu and uk that they can agree on . . 
  i 'd assume that the uk expects not to have any direct political influence within the eu once it has left , and that it would have access to eu markets that is reasonably free , but not equivalent to single market membership . 
  that would presumably qualify as less favourable than the current situation ( if you see the political project as positive , which i 'd assume the eu does . . ) and be seen as quite positive in the uk . 
   the eu will never agree to pay what norway and swirzerland pay . 
  i assume you mean the uk not eu , or am i missing something ? 
  and no , i doubt the uk would agree to an agreement similar to that of norway . 
   russia and turkey are not part of europe . 
  geographically they are at least in part . .  the swiss and norwegians are , but they pay handsomely for the privilege of being part of the eu in every conceivable way except in name . 
  why , i do n't know . 
  presumably because they do n't want to be part of the political project , but do like aspects of it . . that seems reasonable enough does n't it ? 
  plus we can add the uk to the list too now , so it 's a reasonable chunk of europe that is n't part of the eu and is unlikely to be . 
   the ideal is for the entire continent to be unified . 
  it 's an ideal that some people have , not all , not even a majority , and it does n't look terribly likely if by united you mean as a single political entity . 
  the uk is n't going to rejoin a european political project any time soon , i ca n't see the swiss going for it either , and there is opposition within the eu to turkey joining . 
  i doubt you 'd get russia in from either side either . . 
  the council or europe is probably as close as you 'll get , and that exists now and has done for some time . 
   i 'm not convinced the risk vs. reward calculation adds up and worry that this has been an exercise in `` feels over reals '' . 
  because it is n't a pure risk reward calculation , it 's a mixture of risk , reward and priorities . 
  assuming we both support say , art funding , i would assume that we 'd both have different opinions on when it was too little , or too much , and whether art funding would be important enough for us to vote in a particular direction , that 's exactly the same here , people prioritised different issues according to their own positions and came to ( unsurprisingly . . ) different conclusions . 
  the ` feels over reals ' argument really boils down to people not understanding that other people did n't put their issue at the top of their own priority pile . 
  to then label issues that one side feels less strongly about as ` feels ' and their own issues as ` reals ' might work well to people who think roughly the same way , but it looks a little silly from any other vantage point . 
   as for the tories , we 're going to have to be ready to deal with them for the foreseeable future . 
  i 'm not going to get my hopes up too high for 2020 , but i want them gone by the end of that term at the absolute latest . 
  she does seem to , but that does n't mean she has the support even from her own side to do it , she had to backtrack on the notion in her run to become tory party leader for one . . 
   how is it not the end of the uk ? 
  because northern ireland is n't ` pretty much gone ' and everyone , may included is against a hard border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  as to scotland , it will likely get another independence referendum at some point in the not too distant future , but it 's still far from clear that any independence campaign would win . 
  no , it 's not , although it has n't been just a gradual decline either , there have been shocks and rallies , the most recent in 2008 . 
  the point is that it is n't some massive critical disaster that has made everyone 20 % poorer , nor is it without benefits to some parts of the economy . 
  cheers , glad i could make your wednesday a little more bearable .
