  i mean you could literally re-arm the irish army with that and still have spares . . 
  indeed , and who is buying in france and belgium , i mean this is a full on arsenal . . 
  it did seem a bit clickbaity as a headline , but it 's an interesting discussion . 
  oh and it got me to click on the article on the bbc , so sadly it works . . 
  it was to a certain degree , but in the context of liabilities and assets and it was n't explored terribly deeply . 
  there was ( and remains . . ) an assumption that there will be costs associated with leaving one way or the other , but what those costs are will likely depend on what the eu and uk decide they want to continue with , i 'm reasonably sure that the uk would be happy to pay into some eu programmes for example , and take on pensions to some extent , they may also decide that there is a price to pay for some of the things that the uk does that the eu is somewhat dependant on ( in terms of intelligence , counter terrorism and defence cooperation for example . 
  more likely though , there will simply be a dropping of liabilities to make whatever end arrangement that we get to acceptable to both sides without causing massive havoc , the uk pulling money from the ecb , eib and other projects would be pretty painful , and the eu is going up against some fairly serious budgetary pressures too . 
  leaving the eu is n't about ` saving the uk ' it 's about taking a different direction to the eu project . . 
   we have a more recent mandate to stay in the sm and the eu . 
  with all due respect , that was a uk wide vote , and the result was to leave . 
  the scottish parliament does n't have control over foreign policy , it does n't have the powers required to remain part of the eu or the single market ( and frankly , its not even clear if an independent scotland would want to be in the eu , as opposed to some other arrangement that gives them single market access , but keeps trade and movement with the uk in place ... ) . 
  the last scottish wide referendum result was to remain part of the uk , the uk wide referendum result was for the uk to leave the eu , there is no separate mandate for scotland as it is a constituent part of the uk . 
  it 's a bit like saying that the government has no mandate in say manchester , because the majority there voted labour not tory . . 
  if scotland decides on independence , it will be in another referendum , if it then wants to join the eu that 'll be up to the scottish government and whatever process they decide to put in place ( whether they have a referendum on joining or not , a consultation on the type of membership etc. . ) . 
  right now though , the uk government has a mandate to remove the uk from the eu , and that is what is happening . . 
   if i may ask , what does uk put on them ? 
   salt and vinegar mostly , although gravy and curry also feature . 
  agreed , not just for the uncertainty either , people have built lives over quite a long time on both sides of the channel and there are n't any terribly compelling reasons to complicate that more than is necessary . 
  there is nothing to gain or lose on either side by not making this happen , and clear , quickly . 
  really nice to see such a genuine thing on all sides . . 
   the reason many countries have free healthcare and education etc is because of the security that the usa gives to its allies that 's a bit of a misnomer . 
  defence spending , even at 2 % tends to be a fraction of health and welfare spending . 
  the uk has historically met and exceeded that 2 % target and still managed to provide functioning welfare , free health and ( pre-tuition fees ) free education to university level . 
  this is n't a matter of the us subsidising eu welfare spending , although that 's a nice soundbite , it 's about lots of eu states simply not prioritising defence spending at all . 
  the really annoying part is that it 's not just a lack of spending that is the issue , it is a lack of capability . 
  spending 2 % is a reasonable target , but if it is n't spent in a way to provide the capabilities that actually support defence and cooperation via nato , it becomes somewhat pointless too . . 
  it 's also really problematic to compare us spending to eu member state spending , the us operates globally , most eu states do n't . 
  the us also is n't very efficient when it comes to defence spending ( which means it spends more than you might need for the same capabilities ) , but it has spent a lot of money for a very long time , which means that it has a long term investment to draw on . 
  the us could drop its investment to almost nil , and it would still be able to maintain a fairly massive capacity ( you see that with russia . . ) , eu members on the other hand could increase their spending well beyond 2 % and still not be able to build their capabilities because there is n't the long term investment . . 
  in any case , it is n't a question of health , education and welfare spending vs defence spending , it is the inability of lots of eu members to prioritise defence at all . 
  germany is a case in point , they have a budget surplus of .8 percent of gdp , if they threw that into defence they 'd hit the 2 % requirement without having to raise a single cent in taxes , or cut a single benefit or provision . 
   so where does this statement you or the article is talking about come from ? 
  because it 's not there !, 
  the quote i am talking about comes from the article ... 
   the article starts linking to another article with the quote for jacqueline minor . 
  it does . . that 's background , the second paragraph however : * `` wading into the debate on the scottish government 's plans for a second vote , a spokesman for the european commission ( ec ) said scotland would not be granted automatic access to the eu if it split from the rest of the uk . 
  '' * relates to the ec , and the quote from margaritis schinas at a recent biefing . 
  you may not like the way it has been linked back etc. . but again , that 's the basis of the article , not the minor quote, 
  the quote from the article is : * `` a spokesman for the european commission ( ec ) said scotland would not be granted automatic access to the eu if it split from the rest of the uk '' * that seems to be in relation to the margaritis schinas quote , who is indeed the current chief spokesperson of the european commission . 
  the further quote from jacqueline minor seems to be a further explanation , rather than the basis for the article . 
  from the ec though ? 
  it 's not really in their interests . 
  plus , this does n't sound too scary . 
  if , in the unlikely event scotland did become independent , scotland having to apply to the eu seems reasonable and as the statement makes clear , would be easier than for many other states looking for membership . 
  sure there are other questions ( notably around currency and such ) but that would seem to be quite positive . 
  scotland could be an eu member in a few short years after independence , without having to go through any major , or painful reforms . 
  the bigger question is probably whether scotland would actually seek eu membership , or whether it would go for something short of that , more akin to norway 's current position , and indeed whether they would have a referendum on eu/eea/efta membership ( because i 'm not sure whether a newly independent scotland would necessarily see eu membership as the right way to go right away anyway . . ) . 
  this is n't anything akin to ` project fear ' , that 'd be people claiming that there is no way that scotland could join the eu or any of the other groupings because their entry would be vetoed or similar . . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , not europe , and i 'd assume quite a few of the uk posters here are both interested in europe and quite keen to maintain a sensible relationship , even if it is n't eu membership . . 
  they 'd then have to do it outside of the eu institutions and treaties , outside of that common framework and not in the name of the eu either . 
  they could do some of the things that need doing ( but not all ) and the end result , if it is significantly , would be a fracturing of the eu as a group and a weakening of the project as a whole with a bloc with different joint interests from the remainder becoming an even greater problem than the current eurozon/non-eurozone split . . 
  but sure , its possible . . 
  well that was . . interesting . 
  utter shite , but interesting nonetheless . . 
  it should ' t matter for the uk because the uk is n't part of the common visa policy and i ca n't see the uk government deciding to cut us citizens from its waiver programme . 
  that dutch camouflage pattern is disturbingly similar to the old british dpm ( which would make sense i suppose , given the terrain , but still odd to see ) . 
  i doubt it 'll have much impact on wages at all , it might well change where new migrants to the uk come from to a certain extent , but i ca n't see much else changing . 
   i am not saying freedom of movement will bring people to the eu so much as leaving the eu will drive people away from the uk . 
  it likely will , the question is who and how . 
  if the uk seriously restricts immigration then yes , people will find it harder to come to the uk and fewer people will come . 
  however skilled people are likely to still be able to get to the uk ( albeit not as easily as now ) and i would n't be surprised if the uk ended up with as seasonal worker programme that is open to eu and non-eu unskilled migrants too . 
  however , the uk will likely still have the attributes that attract people , decent rates of pay and companies with global links . 
  in short , for a lot of people the uk will still be very attractive . 
  leaving the eu is n't going to lead to a large number of uk nationals leaving the uk for the eu . 
  it might , in the short term lead to some eu nationals leaving the uk and it might mean ( likely will ) fewer eu nationals coming to the uk , but i 'd be willing to bet that that last point will have more of an impact on lower income and lower skilled workers . 
   the uk leaving the eu would push people to leave the uk that might make sense in some instances for people who want to move to the eu before whatever changes occur are put in place , although it 'll likely be a very small number ( more brits currently go elsewhere , even with freedom of movement . . ) . 
  but if they are guaranteed to be able to move to the eu at any time , you are n't going to see an increased rate of movement because the pressure is off , people will see it as an option that is open when they want it ...  there are a lot of people who want to remain in the eu , and a lot would see a better future in the eu than the uk after brexit . 
  there are , but i 'm willing to bet that a tiny minority of that number would move to a different country to remain in an eu member state . 
  the people who voted remain want the uk to be in the eu , that is n't going to happen , they are n't suddenly all going to move , in fact i would be surprised if there were a noticeable increase in people moving to eu countries . 
   this drive would benefit the eu and also brexit will help the eu keep its skilled workers . 
  this drive would certainly mean people still have the option of moving to an eu country , but it 's not going to push skilled workers to the eu for the sake of it . 
  for the vast majority of people , skilled or not , moving to the eu is one of a few options , with far more options available in the uk . 
  and again , if you offer this , there is no pressure for those who do want to move to the eu at some point . 
   just look at the amount of eu workers signing up to become nurses or nhs staff , dropped a lot . 
  the nhs bursaries just got scrapped , leading to a reduction in people signing up for nursing degrees ... that said , you are right that quite a few eu nationals are re-evaluating their position in the uk in the light of the uk leaving the eu . 
  that 's down to the uncertainty of their status once the uk leaves . 
  that will will stabilise as we get clarity on the status of eu nationals , and the route to entry for eu nationals in the future . 
  more importantly though , that is people leaving the uk because of the potential changes in their status , it is eu nationals not uk nationals who have been polled and are considering moving . 
  and again , if this programme gave uk nationals guarantees about being able to work in the eu then most people would see that as a positive and as an option ( much like the much larger proportion of brits who end up in australia see that as an option . . ) . 
  it wo n't push them to move in any great numbers though . 
  if the eu wanted to offer this , it 'd be great . 
  it 'd allow the uk to pursue its separate path , whilst giving uk citizens some additional rights in the eu without having to be a part of the project in any other meaningful way . 
  it 's essentially a perfect outcome for leave and remain voters alike . . 
  i do n't see how that harms the uk though , even if it provided rights to work and so on , i doubt that the number of people leaving the uk for the eu would dramatically increase ( given that it would essentially continue the current situation , albeit only in one direction . . ) and the uk could be as selective or not about entrants to the uk , so it would essentially have no downside from a uk perspective . 
  i do wonder how other eu states would feel about it though , and on that basis i 'd assume if something like this were offered , it 'd be very limited . 
   i do n't see how , and this is n't an admission of ignorance as arrogant as that sounds , because the campaigns were n't the only sources that people used to make decisions on the vote , it 's something that has been rolling on as an issue for decades . .  this is me saying i see no reasonable circumstance where brexit improves on any situation for anyone beyond the one-percent . 
  what do you mean by improves ? 
  if someone does n't like the eu as a political project , does n't like the fact that competencies are exercised at the eu level , does n't like cap or the fisheries policy , is n't happy with freedom of movement or whatever , and they feel that is more important than , or outweighs the benefits along with the other costs of eu membership , then surely they would see leaving the eu as an improvement . . 
  i am pretty familiar with the eu , the costs and the benefits , and i would probably agree that poland voting to leave the eu would be fairly insane from an economic , social and political standpoint , but even then i could see why some people might take that view . 
  what i do n't understand is why people look at the uk vote , where the many positive benefits of eu membership are mitigated by costs and a different political outlook , and not see that there are valid reasons for people to vote leave . .  and while i have confidence in the british legal system i have zero confidence in her politicians to not take advantage of her people . 
  in fact that seems to be what they 've done since the ink was drying on the referendum ballots . 
  i 'd actually agree with that , the referendum came at the worst possible time . 
  the uk has a conservative government and an utterly ineffectual opposition . . that said , it was n't likely going to come again at any point , so it becomes the usual political fight of trying to make sure that the party in power does n't overstep . 
  that said , future governments will also be able to act in the areas where the uk regains competencies , and will be able to shape the relationship the uk has with the eu . .  well what 's your rational and , separately , what 's your understanding of what the european union offers ? 
  the eu offers a massive amount , even if you just take the single market , it 's has massive potential . 
  but it does come with costs , eu regulatory approaches ( and i do n't mean bendy bananas . . ) are problematic at times , it does mean that national governments are limited in lots of areas ( where competencies sit with the eu . . ) . 
  personally i see that balance as one that needs to be altered , the ideal way to do that would have been through reform in the eu , but in the absence of that as a possibility , and with a once in a lifetime offer of a vote on membership , the most viable option was , in my view , to leave ( and hopefully pull together a decent working relationship with the eu over the next few years ... ) . 
   when i 'm calling them stupid it 's done out of weariness , not malice . 
  the majority of these people were ignorant of the situation they were asked to adjudicate on , and many chose to believe outright lies directly in the face of honest council from a majority of both the uk 's and the world 's established institutions on economics , trade , education and diplomacy . 
  i think my rebuttal to this would be that people did n't answer the question on the basis of deep economic or political analysis , they answered the fairly simple question about whether they wanted to be a part of the eu .
