  the idea that they can be swept away , harmonised and reduced down to a collective set of values is n't really that tempting . 
  you also have to remember that the uk and others have n't had the same experience that the likes of germany , spain and ee have had with their domestic governments . 
  i 'd broadly agree with everything , up to and including the remedy ( although that 'd be far from simple to achieve ) . 
  however , there is a bit of an issue in that full parliamentary scrutiny and essentially assent required for eu regulations ( and presumably any other agreement ) would kill the eu , and likely make lots of other treaties and agreements hard to pass , because it would broadly remove the political cover available to governments to compromise . 
  reforming eu institutions would arguably be far more preferable if you happen to support the eu . 
   the uk , on the other hand , could be regarded in brexit as having already come to the kind of rupture implied by lack of such reform - rather than supporting greater domestic control in the field of international affairs with domestic effects , they have instead opted for a path of rejecting membership in such bodies . 
  one part of the uk appears to hope that doing so will leave government with an even freer hand , the other that doing so will constrain the government only to act domestically within domestic constraints . 
  not really , i 'd argue that the uk has n't really seen the eu favourably for quite a long time as a project , i do n't think that the average person in the uk see a united europe with a common political base as a positive thing . 
  although no doubt it will have played some part in the decision making for some people . 
  more interestingly however is that the a50 question in the courts has at least created , to a certain degree anyway , a situation similar to what what you would regard as a remedy for the eus problems in the uk . 
  the line between prerogative power in international relations relative to domestic policy has been redrawn , if only a little . 
   if the eu is vulnerable to this , why ? 
  it 's a simple consequence of having a body that is structured like the eu and designed to allow cooperation . 
  it allows governments to push policy that is unpopular at the national level to the eu level and have it ` imposed ' without domestic consent . 
  if you ca n't get an environmental protection passed at home , or ca n't get a protectionist rule cleared or anything else that falls into the competencies ( broadly . . ) then having the eu legislate on the issue in a way that requires it , is one way to limit national discourse ( because people are n't very engaged in the workings of the eu . . ) and create law without the normal parliamentary consent ( this varies by country , but broadly because eu regulations are immediately enforceable as law in all member states simultaneously when passed ) . 
  you also have a slightly less immediate , but arguably more effective mechanism in eu directives too , when an eu directive is passed , members have to legislate on the issue , that allows member states to find their own way of doing something , but they have to do it ( and can broadly blame whatever they do , whether it exceeds the directives aim or not ... ) on the eu . 
  the eu is n't uniquely vulnerable to this either , but it 's arguably more vulnerable to it than federal structures simply because the national governments have such a key role in initiating eu legislation . 
  the really silly thing is that the actual impact can be positive or negative , but in either case it allows countries to either claim credit ( working through the eu to achieve stuff . . ) or claim they are being pushed to do something . . and obviously it varies , there are lots of areas where governments are legitimately unhappy with eu policy , other areas where they are probably not unhappy and provide less resistance than they might in how it is formed . 
  it 's also worth noting that the opt outs that various members have also limit the scope of some of this , as do some of the legal guarantees some members have and indeed being outside of the euro , broadly because it limits the scope of eu competencies on some issues ... 
  this also gets intertwined with other issues like overreach of competencies and the application of the subsidiarity principle , but it 's probably the one thing that explains public perception . 
  i 'd go a little further now , especially after the greek debt issues to add that the relative power of countries within the eu is now also being used ( sometimes accurately . . ) to push the narrative that it 's not only ` the eu forcing us to do things ' but that specific , large and influential members are pushing a particular agenda . 
  at that point governments do n't even have to point at the eu as the instigator , but as a foreign country using the eu to pressure others . . 
   because the issue is not inherently the eu , but with the duality of expectation of voter and member state . 
  i 'd argue that that is a problem inherent in the way the eu operates and is set up , you have what is an intergovernmental body , but one that is set up to have democratic elements , broadly to give it the appearance of a government with representation . 
  it 's not unsurprising that there is a disconnect . 
   i see member states also as a separate party since they also have their own competence separate from the entire eu . 
  member states are individually separate entities , but the eu is just those states working together . 
  the eu is n't a government , or a country in its own right ( it does n't have most of the powers/competencies we 'd associate with a government or country ) and it is subject to the direction of member governments as much as anything else . 
  the disconnect there is the difference between where the eu is , and what some people would like the eu to be . 
  unfortunately there is a reasonably large disparity between what people would like the eu to be and the amount of autonomy people would like the eu to have . . again , the answer there is significant reform , but that does n't seem likely in the framework that currently exists and the membership set . 
   the solution to fixing the eu is n't the eu itself , but it is with fixing voter expectation and fixing the attitude of the member states towards the eu . 
  i 'd argue that the expectations of voters and that attitudes of member states arise out of the structure that the eu currently has . 
  you ca n't make people not see the issues that the eu has , nor can you require member states not to press their own interests or use the eu in a way other than what it is set up to be used for . 
  i think the issue remains that the eu is n't what people want it to be and that , especially for those who want to see closer integration or indeed a federal eu there is an exasperation that significant power remains with the member states . 
  essentially people want the eu to be something it is n't . 
   i do understand that you do n't distinguish member states from their eu and independent roles . 
  i do n't think you can , the eu is comprised of member states , as an organisation it relies on member states for reform and its powers , it ca n't exist independently of the member states without the support of eu citizens directly , but it does n't have that either . 
   is n't it pure cynicism to blame the pro-eu for things prevented by the eu-critic ? 
  not really no . 
  if there is n't support to do something , doing it half way in the hope that the rest will happen despite objections then blaming others because they opposed that thing in the first place is more problematic than simply opposing it . 
  in the cases we 've discussed it has created problems and confusion that would n't have existed otherwise . 
  being critical or indeed sceptical of the eu is n't a bad thing after all , its a legitimate position to take and if instead of trying to bypass opposing views and working ( poorly ) around limitations , there was instead an attempt to bring people on board with the project , even if that means slower or looser integration is far preferable to overreach . 
   the limited competences are generally the consequence of national interests and eu-critics . 
  right , but if you do n't have the competencies to deal with the likely failures of a particular project , the sane thing to do is not to push forward with it . 
  the approach instead is to push forward with it on the basis that when it does hit an issue , the required powers will hopefully be handed over . . that 's not a good thing . 
   most people tell that , but in the end have no idea how to do it on this reddit . 
  please tell me how does the eu reform , legitimize itself , work efficiently , without grabbing new competences , even if those competences should logically lie on the eu level ? 
  it needs to do the things it has a mandate for well and not overstep its current competencies until they are handed on by member states ( whether collectively or in tranches ) . 
  that might mean a multi-speed eu and it might mean different levels of integration , but that is n't that different from where we are now . 
  that would then enable supporters of the project to put forward a coherent case for where the eu is the appropriate way to handle an issue , it allows countries that are less favourable to the project to hold back until it becomes more possible for them to move forward . 
  in short , the eu needs to make the case and lean on support , rather than forging ahead and hoping to get consent after the fact . 
   schengen is set up that the border countries are tasked with protecting the outer borders . 
  the eu has no competence in protecting those borders . 
  you are expecting the eu to do something about the borders , that it ca n't do . 
  protecting the outer borders is exclusive competence of the member states . 
  that is outside the eu . 
  indeed . . 
  surely you recognise that such a split in competencies is a problem then ? 
  and that you ca n't have a common travel area without a common border protection agreement ? 
  that would suggest to me that collectively , member states were n't able to come to an agreement that would work , but that in the context of the eu , it went forward anyway . 
  in short , the eu does n't have the ability to do anything about it , that is a problem with the eu ... to fix it , you need reform . 
   that is the irony , people always claim the eu did n't respond , while it was n't supposed to be the eu to respond . 
  it was and still is up to the member states to respond . 
  in fact even now the member states do n't want to give the proper tools and competences to the eu to ensure the eu can start protecting the border . 
  you still will have to mainly rely on the working of greece , italy , etc. 
  even with the recent frontex reform . 
  right , which leaves you with a broken eu ... 
  i really do n't get why you do n't see that as a problem with the eu as it currently is . 
  the member states ca n't come together to provide the competencies or reform that the eu needs , that means that the eu is broken . 
  in context , that means there is a problem for some people with eu membership . .  it is not reasonable to criticise the eu on competences it does not have : refugees is not a competence of the eu to manage ; protecting the eu border is not a competence of the eu . 
  it is especially vexing coming from euro critics who actively fight such measures . 
  criticize your own government for not pushing those competences to the eu if you want the eu to take care of it . 
  it absolutely is when the lack of those competencies have an impact on elements of the eu , that is to say where the eu has gone forward with a project where it is clear that it can not manage a crisis . 
  the problem is that politicians who very much support the eu project see that kind of half arsed approach as a way to push for greater power when it does fail , crisis driven integration essentially . . 
  the eu becomes the problem because it acts as an enabling mechanism but fails to deliver . 
   the weakest link in the eu is the european council and the massive concentration of powers in it . 
  yup , and until that is changed the eu does n't work . 
  the problem is that member state governments do n't want to give up powers , and frankly , there is no well supported vision for the eu amongst citizens of the member states to justify a wholesale handing over of power either . 
  the project needs reform and to build legitimacy and a direction that is actually supported by people across the eu , until it does it will continue to have serious problems . 
   the member states run the eu , without their sanction the eu ca n't change about zilch about itself . 
  how its run is determined by the treaties the member states negotiated and signed . 
  i know , i 've said the same a few times , the point is that the eu exists because of the member states , you ca n't separate the two ( at least in the current model ) . 
   which is structured as agreed by member states in the treaties and the eu itself can do nothing about that . 
  indeed , the structure and basis for the eu comes from agreements between members ...  the commission , parliament continuously ask for reform to no avail because member states do n't want it . 
  no they ca n't , and that 's by design . 
   you keep blaming things on the eu the eu itself has little to no control over . 
  i think you are missing the point , the fact that the eu has little or no control over these things is the problem , it makes the eu ineffective without major reform . 
  when an institution has that kind of problem , it is still a problem with the institution ... now you can blame the members for that because it is their fault , but that does n't make the institution any better ...  the things people complain about the eu are almost exclusively things where the eu has almost no competency itself : those may be some of the more obvious things that people complain about , but they are far from the only things that people complain about . . 
  but lets assume that you are right and that these are some of the more major issues that the eu ( although frankly i do n't think taxation is one . . ) has : surely you recognise that both the borders issue and the refugee issue is a problem because of a failure in the set up of the schengen area to a large extent , and a failure to respond rapidly by the eu collectively early in the crisis ( again , because the eu did n't really have the resources to do it . . ) . 
  in short , the elements that were put in place through the eu did n't work when stressed , a classic issue for the eu where the political aims of the project ( no borders , single currency etc. . ) are pushed forward only as far as there is consensus and then held , even where that first step , without proper integration could be problematic . 
   the list goes on , but i think you get the picture . 
  people blame the eu for things the eu has no say over . 
  the heads of state in the council do that mucking up and act like it was the commission running the show while the commissioner is nothing more than their bus boy . 
  people blame the eu for things that the eu facilitates or fails to manage even when that is because of how member states operate within the eu . 
  that 's entirely reasonable , it is because of defects within the eu and its structures . 
  now i 'd agree the the way to solve those issues is reform of the eu , instituted by the member states , but as long as that is politically or practically impossible , it remains a valid reason to criticise the eu . . 
  if the eu is n't working , it needs to be fixed or it will be blamed for negative impact that it has ... 
   not because of the eu , but due to the heads of state . 
  it 's how the eu is set up , it allows for policy shopping and is a convenient avenue for it . 
  of course the member states are complicit in that , but it 's how it works because of how it is set up .
