  i agree , he was . 
  having someone charismatic and popular with a large subset of voters leading the party made a massive difference . 
  i would n't have voted for him or the party , but i understand why some people did , he made them more palatable and counterbalanced some of the batshittery that came out of ukip on a regular basis . 
   their support base liked farage more than simply being anti-eu they saw him as someone who spoke their mind , passionate and different to all the other politicians . 
  true , but again , i think that was in part because he articulated problems in the context of the eu ( often well beyond the point of credibility ) . 
  essentially he presented a solution ( leaving the eu . . ) consistently and in a way that people could support without tainting it with a massively anti-migrant , racist or purely xenophobic view . 
  that was quite a play and is likely what pulled in a lot of people who would see themselves as politically centrist ( or slightly left/slightly right . . ) . 
   he was the one who kept the party together nearly as much as the cause . 
  he certainly glossed over the cracks within the party , having a good leader is important ( see the labour party now . . ) , but he could only do it because he had a cause that appealed as well . 
   without it and threats from inside his own party and the media david camerom would n't have called for the referendum in the first place . 
  sort of , the issue was becoming a problem for the conservatives anyway , ukip was the fulcrum used to apply the pressure , but it would have been there anyway . . that said , without farage and ukip it would have taken far longer to get a referendum . 
  the utility of the party now however seems very questionable , without the cause , or the leader they seem rudderless and a bit pointless . 
  arguably they did until they lost most of their support in the commons . . 
   if the lords reject it again may will pretty much end the house of lords . 
  i doubt that . . 
  the lords can only delay after all , ` ending ' the lords would take longer than simply pushing the bill through against the will of the lords , and would be far more controversial . . 
  the conservatives are doing damage , council 's in many parts of the country are in real trouble , that means that the statutory services they provide are having real issues , the nhs is facing a major drama , the mod is just about meeting its commitments , we have issues with education ( and they are about to get worse with the nhs bursary changes . . ) and so on , and so on . 
  the fact that the economy is growing and unemployment is low is what is saving the tories right now ( well that and an utterly incapable opposition ) , but there are a huge number of issues that are pilling up that need to be dealt with , if they are n't the current popularity wo n't get them much past the next election . 
  it goes beyond that , the only real unifying policy they had was leaving the eu , they were essentially the only party presenting that as a view in national politics and so they managed to attract people who had moderate political positions but could n't find representation elsewhere . 
  now that the uk is leaving , i 'd assume most of those people will drift back to other parties based on national issues . 
  ukip now needs to find another cause that has broad appeal that the other parties are n't touching ... and do so from their current position . 
  i do n't know what that is , i do n't think ukip do either so i ca n't see their support going anywhere but down from here ( and if they turn into a more traditional nationalist/anti-migrant party , that 'll happen more quickly not more slowly ) . 
   there is a lot of appetite for defense union across the eu and always has been . 
  and opposition . . 
  it 's not the uk vs the eu , the uk just happens to be one of the larger and more influential detractors , which given that the uk also happens to be one of the eu 's larger military players has been a bit of a problem . 
   frankly no one cares anymore what the uk ( or anyone else ) thinks about it at this point , we will do as we wish . 
  who is ` we ' in this context ? 
  the eu ca n't move forward with this without unanimity , its one of those areas where the eu ca n't act , it does n't have the relevant competencies . 
  so unless you bring all the other eu members along ( and even once the uk has left , they are n't all on side . . ) you ca n't just do as you wish . 
   one thing that brexit has made me realise is how insecure the uk is . 
  i do n't think the uk would be so anti-germany and anti any measures that make the eu stronger if the uk did n't feel threatened about its influence and size inside the eu . 
  the bizarre thing is that the whole act as turned into a bravado about being actually a bigger power in the world than it could be in the eu . 
  good luck finding out how that works out !, 
  people in the uk do n't really have the same hopes for the eu as some people across the rest of the eu do , that is the problem . 
  we do n't want the same things , it is n't an anti-german position , or an anti-french position , it is a difference in opinion . 
  that is n't insecurity either nor do most people in the uk feel threatened by the eu . 
  what i always do find surprising though is this continuous argument from some on the pro-eu side that countries ca n't hold their own individually , or that only as part of the eu can european countries remain relevant , or retain their power against the us and china and russia and so on . 
  and of course that the eu is therefore powerful and will crush those that do n't toe the line ( because that 's how people think powerful states should act now apparently . . ) . 
   the bizarre thing is that the whole act as turned into a bravado about being actually a bigger power in the world than it could be in the eu . 
  the argument is really quite simple and not that bizarre . 
  the uk could either a fair bit of influence within the eu , in exchange for giving up almost all of its international relevancy ( the idea being that the eu members pool their resources . ), 
  or it could , outside of the eu , simply represent itself at the international level . 
  both are valid , both probably give the uk very similar levels of ability to present their own interests . 
   good luck finding out how that works out !, 
   no-one mentioned that may had just announced that freedom of movement would end in a month . 
  what ? 
  that does n't seem likely ... 
   london is not alone in refusing to see this as a move toward an eu military hq . 
  `` a fairly modest in size mpcc can not be viewed as the eu operational headquarters , '' said a polish official . 
  the uk wo n't be able to veto military cooperation as it leaves the eu , but it is n't the only barrier . 
  frankly if you look at stuff like this you can see the problems that the eu faces , it does n't want to formally head that way because it 'll face opposition ( and not just from the uk ) but it 'll take whatever incremental steps it can in the meantime anyway . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nhs-bursary-reform/nhs-bursary-reform ) . 
  in my view the reasoning is utter shite , but then with a conservative government you have to expect it . . 
   it also pays to remember that all nhs degrees to be a nurse , doctor , paramedic etc are paid for by the doh . 
  that ceases to be the case from the 1st of august for nursing , midwifery and almost all the other health professions ( apart from doctors ) . 
  there are , but putting that into a more formal framework might help alleviate some of the issues that the different groupings currently have . 
   and benefit by gaining access to teachers and researchers from other eu countries that are better able to serve their specific needs . 
  that 's already the case with free movement anyway ( and some of the issues with the relative lack of movement to some countries is around language , rather than anything else . . ) . 
  how does pooling money and redistributing make it easier for teachers to move around the eu ? 
   but again , pooling education budgets is n't even necessary . 
  the argument i have issues with is the notion that pooling education funding would be beneficial , your initial comment was : * eu-minded people want to have a common funding for students , resolving the problem . 
  *  afaiac the currently existing national education institutions do n't need to be centralized , and , in fact , a stronger eu would allow them to focus more on the regional needs rather than those of the large state they are currently in . 
  how does that work ? 
  if you do n't centralise the existing structures , how does a stronger eu allow them to focus more on regional needs ? 
  you still need a framework at some level , at the moment that is national and based on spending priorities and so on , you ca n't get rid of that without either centralisation , or more devolution . . are you now arguing that the eu would foster more devolution , rather than centralisation , which was the initial premise ? 
  if so , again , i 'd point out that devolution is just as possible ( and often being done . . ) at the national level , it essentially has nothing to do with the eu . .  education is a key development tool and a crucial comparative advantage of europe towards the rest of the world . 
  it benefits everyone to ensure that education in europe remains at an overall reliably high level , especially in regions that are struggling economically . 
  it 's no less important than highways . 
  at present , the provision of education is incredibly variable across the eu and within member states . 
  it is n't at an ` overall reliably high level ' across the board as it is , some members have very good provision , some have poorer provision , and that provision depends on area too . 
  now i 'd agree that it is incredibly important , but frankly centralisation , or pushing the eu to have a competency in this area ( and the issues around taxation , competency creep and all the rest of it that this would create ) is as bad an idea as making roads a central competency . . 
   not necessarily , as high spending is mostly determined by height of wages rather than anything else . 
  and then the minor budget transfer really does makes sense , as you can pay multiple teachers in the poorer areas for the same budget as one teacher would cost in a wealthier area . 
  it would simply be a more cost-effective way to generate good researchers . 
  and obviously mean that areas with higher wages can employ fewer teachers if the budget is spread evenly ... 
  the rest of what you said all makes perfect sense , the point however is that if you are taking an existing amount of money , pooling it and redistributing it those areas where spending was highest will lose out . 
  more to the point , if you look at expenditure as a proportion of gdp by eu state , the differences are pretty stark . 
  spain spends a lot less proportionally on education than germany , germany spends less than the uk , the uk spends less proportionally than denmark . . 
  these are all representations of national priorities in education . . 
  if you keep the responsibility for the provision of education , and indeed the formulation of curriculum , school hours etc. . at a local level , then why would n't you also fund it locally , that means people are free to chose both how education is delivered ( within whatever legal framework that exists ) and fund it appropriately . . 
  yup , france has the right idea , germany sadly not so much ( although that might change somewhat over the next 15 years . . ) . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing the uk build out an energy storage infrastructure though , couple that with wind , tidal and nuclear and you 've got a decent prospect for reasonably cheap , reasonably clean , reasonably predictable energy production . 
   by that reasoning all states should stop existing now , since there are always people worse off . . no . . because the issue is n't that there are people worse off than others , but that this policy would make people worse off in the area we are talking about . 
  centralising education spending in the eu would n't mean more and better provision , it 'd mean a reduction at the top end of spenders . 
  this is the benefit of having states ( or even regions . . ) be responsible for education funding and spending , it means that they can match their priorities to what they spend . 
  if you centralise that you are taking that away . .  fact is that pooling resources has many advantages , that 's why states exist . 
  yes , but even within states you have devolution of powers around things like education spending and such . 
  and whilst you are right that pooling resources has advantages , generally it is seen to have advantages for the whole , it can still be problematic for regions within the whole ( and with the eu , those regions would be as big as countries are now . . ) . 
  of course not ... 
  the point is you 'd be asking people to support a political union that would leave some of them significantly worse off , getting less back from a system where they are paying the same as they were for more previously . 
  the issue is that not all eu states are equally wealthy , if you pool all the money spent by eu members together and use that to pay for education and support there would be net losers and net winners . 
  to be fair , this is a little bit silly as a measure , take france , their considerable nuclear energy production is not included in the measure so even if france were 100 % renewables and nuclear ( and they are n't that far off ) they 'd end up behind say lativa , even though the bulk of generation in latvia is via natural gas . 
  or take germany , it produced the bulk of its electricity from brown and hard coal , whilst the uk has almost entirely phased out coal power generation . 
  the key is that renewable energy production is on the increase almost everywhere in europe and in many cases ( germany , france , latvia and the uk included . . ) that is happening rapidly , at least until we get energy storage sorted , there is going to be a need for base production and realistically it 'd be better if that were nuclear rather than coal or other fossil fuel generation . 
  it reflects what they want , but not how or exactly what they would like the outcome of their decision to be . 
  the only thing you can read into the referendum is that more people voted for the uk to leave the eu than remain in it . 
  the rest is now national politics . . 
  very true , although i 'd still argue that it would n't be terribly interesting , we 've been there before and it does n't generally end well . 
  plus , i 'm reasonably sure that given spain and the uk have carried out joint and multilateral exercises in the past , that even the practical aspects would be well known . 
  how far back do you want to go with that ?
