  funny , no-one seems to be upset about the referendums in which countries either decide not to join the eu , or indeed to join it or the euro , why is it suddenly a massive nightmare when people vote to leave ? 
   i did know the queen could do this , also britain has a written constitution it 's just not in one piece . 
  the uk has unwritten rules , and all of the acts of parliament and court judgements that have been issued over the last couple of centuries , that 's the constitutional basis that the uk works under . 
  as such , it can be , and basically is amended almost continually but the principle of parliamentary sovereignty ( as it currently stands . . ) runs through that . 
  so the parents point is that whilst the referendum could be ignored , or the uk government could disband the devolved assemblies or the queen could set aside any bit of legislation or simply decided to rule by decree , none of that will happen because of the unwritten parts of the ` constitution ' . 
  yes this was a non-binding referendum , but then no act of parliament can bind parliament , nor can anything else really ... 
  does n't mean it 's somehow a little thing that can be , or would be ignored . 
   most people want it turned around because the campaigning by leave was deceitful . 
  most people do not want it reversed and frankly i think if it were re-run the numbers would n't be very different in any case . 
   i wonder why sometimes people simply do n't answer questions and why it does n't matter . . really simple really . 
  we might see someone being interviewed as an opportunity to get answers to the questions we have , the person being interviewed see the interview as an opportunity to get a specific message out to those watching . 
  whether that works depends a lot on the interviewer . 
  as to the specific question , he did n't answer it because he knows as well as most do that the the referendum ca n't be reversed , but that 's a really weak answer , so a strong response on racism is a much better narrative . 
  happily no-one voted to commit suicide and people are no more or less fucked over for living in a same country than at any other election when the side you do n't want in wins . 
  that 'll be why the remain campaign lost then . . 
   i wonder if we will see another push for a financial transaction tax in the eu once the uk is out . 
  i think the next milestone is september , the idea is ongoing after all . 
  be interesting to see what the impact of that is . 
   but i can see the eu having an interest in getting these juicy banking jobs inside the eu . 
  the eu has sort of wanted them in the eurozone for a long time , the issue at times seems to be that they want to regulate that into being and use what most would see as protectionist measures to force the issue . 
  oddly enough that does n't work . 
  then you have the secondary issue of both the legal approach and the shape of regulatory approach generally , essentially the eu has managed to make itself look less attractive . 
  now that could change , but so far it seems no-one is really interested in that , at best we have a hope that with the uk outside of the eu , other eu destinations might somehow overtake london , but there is very little to suggest how or why . 
  i 'm sure dublin , frankfurt and paris will see some benefits , although it could well be distributed well across the eu , but i really do n't see london taking a massive hit simply because it is an international player , not a purely eu focused , or dependant one . 
   they probably have to move this part inside the eu possibly , depends on what agreement the uk puts in place , london is a global centre after all and does a lot more than just eu related trade , and of course european businesses will still want access to the services provided in london , it 's not like there are many alternatives . 
  probably not , we 'll see increased volatility as various decisions are made , but the markets are now aware that the uk is leaving the eu , that can be factored loosely into their forecasting and we 'll see tweaks as details appear . 
  article 50 wo n't be a surprise , we know its coming , there will be prep work done before it is triggered and likely some of the uks intentions will be known too . 
   could current parliament require that a future parliament need a parliamentary supermajority to change a law that the current parliament has passed ? 
  nope . 
  parliament can not pass laws that future parliaments can not change . 
   i think all the leave voters should just be deported to africa , literally - leave - the country and we 'll take it from here . 
  we promise to send you a postcard every so often too . 
  i think the point was that we did n't want remain voters to take it from here , if remain voters had wanted that they should have done a better job convincing people of their position and getting their voters out . 
  and of course the fundamental point you seem to be missing is that leave voters voted to have the uk take a different road , not to leave the uk . 
  i realise it can confusing , but people do have perfectly valid , yet different views on what is best for the country . 
   you mean the guy who just quit saying `` why should i have to do the hard shit '' ? 
  yes that one . 
   will be reshuffled after the leadership election . 
  yes . . and you think that will change the prevailing view ? 
   i do n't think we have much of an opposition at the moment . 
  it 's a bit of a shame , but still . 
   you 'd expect vote leave leaders to be bragging and making a giant fanfare right now but instead they are being deathly quiet . 
  it seems suspicious to me . 
  they 've won . 
  vote leave is over , they were a cross party movement not a political party , what do you expect at this point ? 
  both their parties just imploded because the uk is leaving the eu . 
  the ` we might not leave ' argument is wishful thinking at best . 
  the uk is on its way out of the eu , there is nothing credible to suggest otherwise and frankly that 's a good thing . 
   the very same pm who is resigning and wo n't much be influencing the actual leaving . 
  the pm who is resigning because the eu is leaving the eu and , given his position was not to , feels his position is untenable . 
   boris johnson has been pretty much silent since the vote . 
  and ? 
  he 's an mp and led a campaign that has finished , and won . 
  he might be running for the conservative leadership , he might win , he might not . 
  it 's not relevant to whether the uk leaves though is it ? 
   i think we will leave , but i do n't think anybody near the top bar farage actually wanted this , and they 're all praying for some loophole or excuse not to go with it . 
  i think that 's massively wishful thinking on the part of people who did n't want or expect a leave vote . 
  you are right that many politicians did n't want the uk to leave the eu , but i 'd be willing to bet that most of those who campaigned for leave do . 
  i 'm also pretty sure most voters who voted leave do , which is sort of the point . 
   they 're cowardly , which is why i do n't think we will leave . 
  the pm , cabinet and opposition have said we are leaving . 
  why on earth do you think we are n't ? 
   but if that 's the case and scotland 's independence requires an act of parliament then scotland legally could never be independent . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  if you look at ireland as an example , the answer is essentially yes , scotland can be independent but that it does require legislation on both sides and can get a tad messy . 
   could westminster decide that unwinding a referendum would require a supermajority to pass ? 
  yes , but it could reverse that decision too and could n't hold any future parliament to the same standards . 
  parliament sets its own rules and can modify them . 
  as to the rules of a referendum , again , they can be essentially whatever parliament decides , you could add turnout requirements , super-majorities , or whatever else it wanted . . 
  the politicians in question were speaking on behalf of the government ( big g ) , prime minister , cabinet and opposition . 
  i 'd normally say do n't trust anyone too much , but this does n't really require trust . . 
   lots of people denying it 'll happen on the financial times , i 'm pretty those guys are n't morons . 
  the uk literally gains nothing from it from a geopolitical and economic perspective . . 
  i 'm going to re-post this here from a different threat as i think it covers the issue : the decision to leave has been made , the process to initiate it has n't been started . 
  this is from the [ prime ministers statement to the commons ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/pm-commons-statement-on-the-result-of-the-eu-referendum-27-june-2016 ) after the vote : * mr speaker , the british people have voted to leave the european union . 
  it was not the result i wanted -- nor the outcome that i believed is best for the country i love . 
  but there can be no doubt about the result . 
  * * of course , i do n't take back what i said about the risks . 
  it is going to be difficult . 
  we have already seen that there are going to be adjustments within our economy , complex constitutional issues , and a challenging new negotiation to undertake with europe . 
  but i am clear -- and the cabinet agreed this morning -- that the decision must be accepted and the process of implementing the decision in the best possible way must now begin . 
  * this is from the [ statement from the leader of the opposition ] ( http://press.labour.org.uk/post/146453034384/full-speech-from-jeremy-corbyn-on-the-result-of ) : * the vote on thursday to leave the european union is a historic decision . 
  our country has been a member for 43 years - half the people of this country can not remember ever not being a member of the european union . 
  * * we are in a new world and now there will be at least two years of discussions and negotiations before we are no longer members . 
  * when both a majority government and the opposition make it clear that the result will be accepted and acted upon , there are n't really any grounds , beyond wishful thinking , to assume otherwise . 
   we will have to stay in the eea for the sake of our economy , we will have to accept freedom of movement to get into it . 
  then the uk loses all power in brussels . 
  depends on what we agree with the eu , we do n't have to remain in the eea , we do n't have to keep free movement . 
  i think we 'll end up somewhere in between , but i that is something for us to negotiate . 
   if we do n't do it then ukip and the leave voters are very pissed off , if we do do it , then ukip and the leave voters will be almost just as pissed off since we wo n't get border controls , we wo n't be free of the eu entirely , and we 'll have to keep paying in . 
  ukip are n't even terribly relevant at this point , 17m people voted leave , that 's more than the votes cast for the labour party , ukip , the liberal democrats , the snp , the greens , the dup , plaid cymru , sinn f\u00e9in , ulster unionist party and the social democratic & labour party combined in 2015 . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that if you substitute labour for the conservatives in the above it remains true . 
  it 's a massive number of people and in a massive number of constituencies , you ca n't just ignore than . 
  and yes , turnout was high , lots of people voted remain too , but it 's not something you can ignore on the basis of party politics . 
   i 'm not saying it wo n't happen , but i am saying that they 're going to try everything they can to avoid pushing the exit button . 
  it 's more than likely that there will be a protracted general election before anything happens , and hanging on for a 2nd referendum is a real possibility . 
  nope , we will see an exit process started between october of this year and early next , what you are seeing is not a government trying not to hit the button , it 's a government scrambling to make sure that when it does , it can do well in the negotiations and get the best deal possible . 
  the u is playing for time , not hesitating . 
  as to a second referendum , the eu ruled out renegotiation and re-entry , the uk government already said it would n't do one and frankly , i think any second referendum would result in the same result as this one . 
  the decision to leave has been made , the process to initiate it has n't been started .
