  there are , but the range of risk is broadly understood , we 've looked at the impact of ending up with just the wto rules to rely on and it 's still not catastrophic by a long way . 
  i think that 's the point that gets missed a lot , any downturn will be minor , if you use the 2008 crash as a comparison , it wo n't come close ( and the uk survived that . . ) . 
   it does n't have to go one way like that . 
  i 'd dissolve nations and make it more federal . 
  let city states and regions form there own blocks within . 
  why have single shared services and infrastructure ? 
  why not have competition within . 
  i was commenting on your point ( which was broadly about centralising efforts ) . 
  i 'd certainly like to see the eu build on the subsidiarity principle ( albeit from the outside ... ) , and i think that represents the most positive potential future . 
   not if leave is split by pro-globalization and anti-globalization and remain is not . 
  remain is split between those who want reform in various directions though , there is n't a unified remain position any more than there is a unified leave position . 
  you 'd have real issues unifying lib dem , tory , green and labour positions on remain to a very similar extent as you would have pulling their leave supporters together . 
   it 's not beyond possibility that we have n't left by a ge and a50 can be stopped . 
  again , i 'd argue that there is essentially no chance that we 'll get to the ge before a50 is triggered , and that if that were to happen , that i 'd see it more likely that we 'd see more support for leave after . 
   this whole anglosphere ( white english speakers ) and trump stuff sends cold shivers down my spine . 
  the trump thing is a different issue to the brexit thing ( although there are some common roots , it 's not terribly sensible to mate the two because there are some rather major societal and political differences ) . 
  although the two together are putting a rather interesting spin on the future . .  i 'm not sure it 's helping us . 
  i 'm not suggesting it is one way or another . 
  what i am saying is that it gives us a very different perspective . 
  we 've spent a vast amount of money on occupying germany , and then being in germany as a major nato component for decades , we were n't occupied , we did n't see our governments removed . 
  it has an impact and to a large extent shapes what we see as important in the eu . 
  i mean , that 's the classic division , the uk sees the eu as an economic project with political aspects , much of the rest of the eu sees it as a political project with a positive economic impact . 
   we are far more ready to trust governments with things like privacy . 
  that 's actually an interesting point , the uk is more accepting of surveillance but opposed to a more overt database state and id cards , registering with the police etc. . but germans are pretty accepting of more overt state intrusion and less with surveillance ( because it has connotations linking back to the nazi 's and the ddr ) . 
   we also have n't had a government ( and infrastructure ) reboot like others . 
  i think winning wwii is part of our problem in a way . 
  maybe brexit will finally force us to update , but it 's probably going to painful , especially for things we will have to learn the hard way . 
  again , i 'd argue that the uks progress being incremental rather than revolutionary is actually far better than an abrupt change . 
  the uk system is stable and pretty well understood , it actually has a pretty decent set up ( see the court case today ... ) , that works well when it faces new challenges . 
  granted , there are problems , it does need changes , but they should be gradual not immediate . . 
  not entirely clear on what you are saying . 
   i doubt that the defence and intelligence cooperation will stop after brexit , it 's a very important topic for both sides , i 'd say even more important than having the uk in the single market . 
  i doubt it either , but the eu is reliant on the uk to some extent on it . 
   also , defence is more of a nato thing , so brexit should n't affect it . 
  as of now , no eu country is thinking of jeopardizing that . 
  uncle sam on the other hand ... 
  it is , but the eu 's ability to project power independently through the various eu * for/etc . . missions is still something the eu has been both proud of and seen as a necessity for its foreign policy ambitions to be taken seriously . 
  the uk ( and france ) are major components of that that the eu has been able to rely on , even when it was largely theatre . . 
  because electing judges is a fucking horrible idea ... 
   i think it will bumble on , broadly down , but not enough that panic sets in and we crash and burn . 
  the interesting thing here is that by the remain campaigns own estimates , and the estimates that have come from others , the direction of travel for the uk was n't down , but rather up , more slowly . . my point is that there is no disaster on the cards based on what we know at the moment , even with a hard exit . 
   but i think there will be more and more common government infrastructure/services you can use if you wish , to share costs . 
  that i agree on , the question is whether it is a cost saving measure ( and ends up being a problem , as we 've seen with some of the other eu programmes and agencies ) or whether it brings people along and actually works to unite people . 
  remember that the eu is n't supposed to be centralising ( even as a state . . ) . 
   it 's not over until it 's over . 
  we ca n't know for certain what the ge will do . 
  if remain consolidate to one party and leave does n't , our first pass the post might reverse things . 
  but it has to be conclusive , to be , well conclusive , and it just is n't because the country is split . 
  no , it is n't over until it 's over , however the chances of it getting anywhere near a ge without article 50 being triggered is essentially nil in the first place , to build quite so much on top of it ( there is n't going to be a remain party , any remain party would probably do quite badly under fptp even if there were etc. . ) and to ignore the broad reality does n't really add to anything . 
  you may as well propose that we re-run the referendum , but this time allow 16 year olds to vote , ban over 70 's and require 65 % for a leave result to count . 
   i 'm not sure our views diverge more than the french and germans say . 
  no , but on different issues . 
  i think europe is one of those interesting areas where our very different experiences of wwii do actually come into play . 
  the uk has n't been invaded and occupied in a very long time , it has n't had that seared into its consciousness . 
  instead it has the ` being on the winning side ' thing instead . 
  that does lead to very different views ( much like it leads to some very interesting views in germany about inflation . . ) . 
   well here we are , a remainer and a leaver broadly agreeing . 
  well , probably only on the most important things . .  my best hope at the moment is that the uk does n't fail too hard ( because me and my family and friends live here ) and the eu does well and becomes the use and we decide we 'd rather be close to that then a remote state of the usa . 
  i do n't think the uk will fail , even under a less than optimal outcome upon exiting the eu , the uk would n't fail . 
  the uk might face a challenging period economically , but in the long term , especially if we take the opportunities presented and end up with a decent relationship with the eu and other countries it 'll be fine . 
  that said , i do n't think the eu will become the use either , there is n't a demand for it and frankly the eu has had enough of top down social and political drivers . 
  if the eu were able to convince at least a plurality of it 's citizens that the future is in nationhood then sure , but that is something that is going to take many years . 
  if you want to include the entirety of the current eu , you are talking about decades worth of work . 
  it is entirely possible , but it requires such significant political and social change that it almost has to take time . 
   seam too much to hope for that this drags out to the next election and by then we are strongly and forever pro-eu . 
  it is far too much to hope for . 
  if this does drag out to the next election , i 'd be willing to bet that public opinion will swing the other way . 
  the notion then wo n't be that most people are n't getting a say , or are being ignored , but rather that their views are being discounted and that the uk is being held into the eu against its will ... 
  the pressure is still very much toward euro-scepticism not against it ( lets face it , the current arguments from the lib dems and nascent remain groups are n't converting people to their cause . . ) and simply ignoring one of the few times people felt they were listened to is n't going to drive people toward the people who are perceived to be doing the ignoring . 
  under your scenario we might get to the next general election with more people who are actually very much in favour of remaining in the eu explicitly , but i 'd be willing to bet that you 'd convert far more people to the idea that the political ` elites ' are ignoring them and people like them . . 
  in any case , this will be over by march . 
   i 've been to the states quite a lot ( mostly on work ) , some times for weeks and weeks back to back and i 've very keen for us to not become like it . 
  to me , compared to mainland europe ( where i 've lived and worked more ) , it 's a dystopian nightmare , even before trump became a thing . 
  leaving the eu wo n't make us more like the us though , i 've been to the us and worked with quite a few americans and culturally and socially we are very different . 
  yes our ideas align in some areas , but we diverge a lot too . 
  arguably we are closer to the germans and french ( i speak german , have german family and spent a lot of time in germany so that may be something of a bias . . ) in a lot of ways , but we also have quite different outlooks on quite a few areas . 
   i do n't know if that makes you feeling on it more reflective or not . 
  nor do i , it 's entirely anecdotal , but it 's the closest i can get to a decent view . 
   for better or worse the ball is rolling . 
  even if we end up staying in the eu , damage is done to that relationship and we wo n't be trusted to not leave at some point . 
  very true . 
  that said , whilst leaving the eu cements that , the uks position over the last decade would have been problematic in that context anyway , the eu would have had to create a 2 speed eu in a formal sense for it to work at all for the uk , and at that point the uk would have been just as much of an impediment . 
   we ca n't know at this point . 
  the response to brexit and maybe trump could well be to push the eu more together . 
  just talking about reducing support of nato pushed the eu army idea no end . 
  my fear is fractures could also be blamed on brexit ( and maybe trump/putin ) . 
  we are entering a period of instability . 
  i do n't like that . 
  again , agreed . 
  right now there is a huge amount up in the air . . 
  trying to guess even broadly what happens over the next 5 years is almost impossible given the variables . 
   this is the place that most eu governments are now starting to reach . 
  it probably is , but damn if we are n't all making a lot of noise for domestic consumption . . 
   i do n't know , i find i 'm more likely to find follow use supporters among the young than the old . 
  agreed , but i do n't think there are more than there were 10 years ago for example . 
  views also shift , of the use supporters i know , i can only think of one for certain that still is 8-10 years on . 
  at the same time i 've seen more people shift from a pro-eu to an anti-eu position ( i 'd include myself in that group ) and from an anti-eu to a pro-eu position than go anywhere near a use style position , and i spent a reasonable amount of time working and talking with people at the fringes of political positions . 
   yes , that really bothered me about the remain campaign . 
  it did n't really make the case for the eu , let alone for a use . 
  it really did n't , and i do wonder if they 'd have gone more down that route ( and i 'd have like them to . . ) whether the difference in the vote had been more pronounced .
