  in the uk , the civil service does n't , so it it being un-elected does n't really qualify as an issue ( the eu civil service does n't either , and is also not elected ... ) . 
  the civil service do a whole host of things , some of which would qualify as a bureaucratic function , but a huge amount that does n't ( hence the reference to prison officers , scientists and light-housekeepers ... ) . 
  it 's not really relevant whether they are elected or not . 
  on the eu side , the function that you 'd normally expect of the elected government is carried out by un-elected political appointees , and those political appointees are very well insulated from popular opinion or political pressure from people across the eu . 
  so , to address your point , it 's not a deflection to point out that comparing the civil service to the likes of the eu commission is a bit daft . . 
   but that does n't make whole system not democratic ... 
  it sort of does . 
  most national parliaments or their equivalents can set the legislative agenda , set out what they want from legislation , then vote for that legislation . 
  that means the people you vote for get to decide what is important and what they want to make rules about . 
  with the eu that is broadly reversed . 
   even with this deficiency european parliament still appoints european commission unfortunately that 's not true ( if it were , it 'd be closer to what we see in national governments ) . 
  when it comes to the european commission , the president is proposed by the council ( so , the governments of the member states . . ) and is then voted on by the european parliament . 
  the remaining commissioners are also not appointed by the ep , they are nominated by their member states . 
  the president then gives them a role , and the ep gets to hold hearings on suitability , however they can not vote against individual commissioners , just the whole commission . 
  generally when there is an issue , the initial solution is to change a commissioners role . 
   and have power to disband european commission . 
  yup , the ep can dissolve the commission , but again it ca n't appoint a new one of its choosing , all it can do is ask for new candidates . 
  the problem , or rather the perceived democratic deficit is essentially two fold , you do n't elect the people who decide what laws get pushed through the parliament and it 's not easy to get rid of those people . 
  you can argue that the ep is at that point , essentially a rubber stamp ( that 's a bit excessive to be honest , but it is there to approve not make laws from the start ) , and that the balance of power within the eu sits not with european citizens , but with a group of people appointed by governments , but not subject to public opinion . 
  it makes it incredibly easy for responsibility for unpopular or indeed poor legislation and regulation to be waived off . 
  now you can have a discussion about to what degree the eu is democratic and what amount of influence people across the eu have , but broadly speaking it 'd be fair to say that people have far more say and influence in their local , regional and national governments and far less of an ability to influence what happens at the eu level . 
   so they are bureaucrats ... erm . . no , some might be , some certainly are n't , it depends on the role and what their responsibilities are . 
  a policy adviser might be a bureaucrat but a prison officer , network manager , lighthouse keeper or scientist wo n't be . . 
  in the context of the comment thread though , the civil service do n't make policy decisions , so they do n't ` rule ' , whilst on the eu side , legislative initiative sits with political appointees rather than the elected officials . 
  that 's broadly where the ` ruled by unaccountable bureaucrats ' schtick generally comes from . 
  they are civil servants . . 
  they do n't govern though , they implement policy as laid out by government . 
   do you also vote for your civil servants ? 
  no , the uk does n't vote for civil servants , the civil service in the uk is ` permanent , unified and politically neutral ' so you do n't see mass replacements after elections ( and the judiciary is independent and not appointed by government or elected either . 
  the only reason that china is associated with cheap and crap quality is because you can get a factory in china to put together whatever you want cheaply , cut corners , ignore qc and have a product . 
  but that does n't suggest that all , or even most chines goods ( at least by value ) are poor quality . 
  chinese factories are pretty much as capable as anyone elses these days , the raw material is identical , the processes are modern , you give them a decent design and spec and they will produce it just as well as anywhere else , but it wo n't be a lot cheaper than if you had done it in germany or the us . 
  there are areas where chinese industry is actually behind , but they are n't areas that are relevant to 90 % + of industry , and they are areas other countries have issues too . 
  the notion that china ca n't , or does n't produce quality is wrong and dangerously wrong if people think that it means china ca n't compete with german or the us , they can and do and are pushing themselves up the value chain . 
  the next issue for the uk , germany , the us and others is n't going to be cheap steel over production or issues because environmental standards are lower in china , the next issue is going to be the erosion of a developmental edge , china already does very well with biosciences , it has a lot of very , very capable engineers ( many educated in the us , uk and elsewhere ) and they will continue to drive chinese industry . 
  can you think of a single reason why a chinese factory would be less capable of one in germany of producing quality goods ? 
   yes they are a low cost/low quality producer of lots of products and these days , a quality producer too . .  the parts from china are what cause things to break . 
  i do n't think that 's generally the case , they are made to the same standards as anywhere else and go through the same qc , changes in design and expectation seems to have reduced the life of some devices , but even then that depends on brand , and even the expensive brands , that last a long time ( like my bosch washing machine and siemens dishwasher . . ) are made with significant numbers of chinese parts . 
   actually miss the days when china didnt produce stuff , we paid more , and stuff didnt break , but those days are gone you can still pay more and have stuff that does n't break , but it 's still mostly made , or made from components from , china . . 
   they export a lot of cheap crap . 
  they do . .  china was and still is a low quality and low cost producer . 
  they are a producers of lots of things these days , and it 's not limited to low quality or low cost goods either . 
  by value it certainly is n't . 
   that is why manufacturing in us , germany , etc. 
  is increasing too . 
  some countries produce quality , but china is dominating the market in low-quality/low cost like no one else . 
  it 's also the supplier of most of the parts that drive everyone elses manufacturing . 
  that expensive , high quality washing machine , or computer , or press will likely be assembled in germany etc. . but the parts will have come from china . 
  have you looked at the value of their exports by category recently ? 
  or indeed the supply chains of most of the major brands out there , including the ones with a good reputation for quality ? 
  china used cheap and cheerful to build a huge industrial base , they are now the worlds largest exporter , they have seen massive investment from all over the world . 
  the notion that they can only and do only produce cheap tat is not only wrong , it 's pretty dangerous . 
  it really is n't , china has become rather good at a lot of high quality , high tech equipment and machinery , across consumer goods , components and finished commercial products . 
  oh , and quality is generally very good . 
  the notion that china is a a simple , low cost producer stopped being true quite a long time ago and you will find chinese made components and finished goods under a slew of well know and well respected brands these days . 
  it also does n't fall apart any faster than products from other countries ( although it 's getting harder to find anything where a chinese element is n't in the supply chain . . ) . 
   the markets are still speculating on the uk staying in the eu . 
  they really are n't . . 
  to be honest i 'm a tad confused by the notion too , even if sweden did temporarily suspend their arrest warrant , he 'd still presumably be arrested for breaching bail in the uk , and it would seem unlikely ( given the risk he 'd abscond , since he already has . . ) that the uk would also allow him to travel to a funeral and then back to the safety of the embassy . 
   china makes low quality cheap stuff . 
  that has n't really been true for a while , take a look at what china is exporting , it 's not just cheap toys and clothing , it 's gone way beyond that . 
   it would n't have to swing massively as the split was so small a 5 to 10 % swing would be enough for remain to be the main opinion by a bigger margin than the referendum . 
  it would for it not to be politically damaging . 
  you are talking about a huge slice of the electorate , massively more people than would normally engage in the political process suddenly feeling not only marginalised , but overruled on the basis that a few people might have changed their minds . 
  that would still be politically damaging , what 's more it 'd have the most impact on the tory party , who have pretty much nothing to gain by reversing their position . 
   parliament has already been promised a vote on the final brexit deal and there 's a court case ( not the ni one ) still going on about if parliament needs to vote on article 50 in the first place . 
  yup , but that 's not going to make a difference , because the current set up for that seems to be the same as the parliamentary vote for ceta , that is to say it will come after the negotiations and it 'd be about accepting the deal , or leaving without one . .  while i doubt brexit wo n't happen there 's still many hurdles to get over before it 's 100 % certain . 
  it 's not 100 % certain , i 'll grant that , but frankly every scenario where it does n't happen would be ... interesting . . to say the least . 
  amusingly , pissing about with the exit could be more damaging than actually leaving , both politically and in terms of not only not putting the issue to bed , but actually kicking off another 5 years of massive drama . 
   yeah , they might piss off some voters . 
  but they 'd piss off the entire country for generations i do n't think leaving the eu is going to piss off the entire country of generations ...  if they drag it down into economic oblivion which will become clear once we know the terms . 
  even if we get the worst case exit , the outcome is n't going to be ` economic oblivion ' and frankly , it 'll end up being blamed on something else . 
  with the whole leaving the eu thing , the government and future governments have a referendum to point at . 
   what 's the significance of the june date ? 
  but ok , i 'll still bite . 
  it might slip somewhat , but i ca n't see it slipping much beyond the local elections in may 2017 . 
   why should it be damaging politically if by then public opinion has swung around towards remain ? 
  because unless it swings massively ( as in 25 % of leave voters decide they 'd prefer remain , and they do n't mind the government ignoring a vote ) it 'll still mean a huge amount ( as more people than voted for the winning party in the last general election ) seeing a vote that they ` won ' overturned . 
   that 's not correct . 
  basically , under article 50 you 're entitled to change your mind . 
  interesting , fair point that advice looks solid enough . 
   i do n't think so , there will be plenty of `` legitimate '' reasons by then to not trigger it . 
  hell , the way may is going whe might not even be pm by then . 
  but we can take a bet if you want . 
  one month of reddit gold if article 50 is n't triggered in march 17 ? 
  i 'd go with before june 2017 . 
  sure . 
   why should it ? 
  it 'd be damaging politically if it did n't . 
   legally that 's not required , there is in fact an explicit decision from a few years ago that referenda are not binding in any way . 
  the uk ca n't really do binding referendums because parliament is sovereign and can do whatever the hell it wants ( including pulling out of the eu without a referendum or deciding the uk should be a republic ... ) . 
  that really is n't terribly relevant . 
   it 's easily possible that public opinion will strongly lean against a brexit once the terms have been clarified , and at that point why should a government facing elections push through something they know has lost support and will damage the country ? 
  the problem there would be that the terms wo n't be known until well after the process has started , as i understand it there is no method for reversing the exit process so that 'd be a hurdle . 
  even if it were n't , the government is n't going to hold a referendum on exit terms because there is no option to renegotiate and frankly it 'd be a political nightmare . 
  lets say public opinion shifts somewhat , unless its a massive and total shift , it 's still a massive electoral liability . 
  it was only a few % , but the vast majority of constituencies ended up on the leave side ( fptp and all that . . )  well first of all they wo n't trigger in march ( i 'm willing to take bets ) they will , the loss of credibility if it did n't happen would lead to another prime ministerial resignation , and the tory party gets to choose the successor . 
   and second there is no way the negotiations can finish within two years . 
  that 's not a hard limit , it 's more of a timeline that can and will be extended . 
  the negotiations for an exit can , and a transition period can be put in place .
