  if it were to try to do the same as part of the eu , it would simply mean that it would have to compromise as part of the larger bloc , and then watch the larger bloc compromise further internationally . 
  essentially , as part of the eu , the uk would trade international relevance ( which is somewhat limited . . ) for a greater regional stake , but significantly less international relevance . 
  it would also lock itself into a set of relationships within a region , rather than developing international ones . .  in short the nation states of europe are useless constructs , remnants of a past that was slower and less immediate and where scale had a limit . 
  again , no . 
  nation states are fine , and where they are supported by their populations they work . 
  large regional political projects like the eu currently are out of date and hopelessly inflexible in the face of a rapidly changing world , like empires , they are too unwieldy , and whatever mild benefit they might gain from sheer size , they lose through complexity and disunity . 
  a federal eu might be different eventually , but only with popular support and that 's one thing i do n't think the eu has from all of its members . . 
  the eu could be superb , it could work incredibly well , but if it ever gets to that point , i think it will be quite a bit smaller than it is now , and it will take decades to achieve its potential even then . 
  its not about the steel industry because the uk government , unlike other european countries , decided not to bother supporting domestic production because it decided importing cheap steel was both easier and more advantageous . 
  its a valid argument to a certain extent , but it also decimated employment in the industry and means if there is every an issue with world prices , the uk has less wiggle room than say germany or poland . . 
  it has n't always been though , its interesting just how much of a difference the last 15 years or so have had . 
   steel is anything but low tech some steel production is very high tech , and high value , some is low value . 
  the uk broadly has high tech , high value steel production but very little low value steel production . 
  what china is dumping is largely the former , low value rolled steel . 
   that 's not how it works . 
  the uk did n't sacrifice steel plants and got high tech in exchange . 
  they just mismanaged their nationalised industries like every country with nationalised industries did but instead of privatising them sensibly they managed to completely destroy them in the process . 
  they did n't support them , and they were unable to compete effectively . 
  which meant that instead of producing steel in the uk it was cheaper to import it from places like germany ( and now china ) . 
  the uk still produces steel of course ( not as much as it did by a long shot of course ) and it is still a key producer of high value , high tech steel . 
  it was n't an exchange , but the policy of not propping up steel , and using cheaper foreign imports is where the government went after the 70s/80s . 
   as to your first point ... there is no magic number of citizens a government can represent perfectly and interests do n't suddenly stop at state borders . 
  again , i agree , but as entities get larger any issues with a lack of subsidiarity or devolution are emphasised . 
  of course you will never be in a position where everyone 's interests and positions are represented equally , but it does get harder as entities get bigger , and the populations they are supposed to govern get more diverse and needs become varied . 
  for any decision the uk government gets outvoted on in the eu it might only have 52 % at home anyway . 
  interests blocks are not homogenous . 
  just look at any family and you will find that dynamic on a microscale . 
  indeed , but that 52 % could potentially go from being a marginal majority to a tiny minority with no influence whatsoever ( and the remaining 48 % may go from being a minority that has to be taken into account , to also being a tiny minority with no influence whatsoever too . . ) . 
  subsidiarity is supposed to ease that issue , but it is a gamble , and one that i think quite a few people would voluntarily take . 
   how do you gather that ? 
  tories were split on the issue , with quite a number of them campaigning pro-brexit . 
  yeah , sorry , i meant that government policy was for the uk to remain , not that conservative party policy was ( it was neutral on the issue ) . 
  the government however took a remain position formally , not a neutral one . 
  oh i completely agree , whenever you make a collective decision you will have losers and winners . 
  the question really is whether one wants to be part of a much larger entity that does reduce your own influence and local control , and essentially what level of subsidiarity you have and what level of collective governance there is . 
  the scale is n't irrelevant though , all eu states could function perfectly well as independent states , it is would be a choice to federate , and then there would be a question as to the benefits of losing control , as well as the justifications for federating . 
  in this case , you could argue that federating would give a stronger hand to a federal eu in dealing with chinese dumping , the counterpoint of course is that not all eu countries would see that as a positive . 
  oh and just to go back to the first point you made :  also the northern countries like the uk evidently have no fucking clue what 's good for the steel industry if you take a look of what 's left of their own . 
  it 's not so much a case of not having a clue about what is good for the steel industry , but rather a different view on whether it is worth protecting low value , high energy , industry at the expense of more complex industries . 
  steep production is relatively low value ( note that specialised steel and alloy production is absolutely still a thing in the uk and elsewhere , rolled steel , not so much . . ) , whilst making things out of rolled steel is more valuable and benefits from lower steel prices . . 
  the proper balance for the uk is probably somewhere between where it is now and where it was say 40 years ago , but the changes are broadly intentional ( and ideological . . ) , not the result of a clueless approach to the industry . . 
  the whole approach to tobacco , including sales is culturally very different on the continent when compared to the uk , being able to pick up ( and not have to mortgage your house to buy ... ) a large drum of rolling tobacco off a shelf in a supermarket , as you can in germany and elsewhere is something entirely alien in the uk . 
  smoking has become ( and probably quite rightly . . ) somewhat unacceptable both in places where bans apply and in places where you are near others generally , and the number of smokers seems to have dropped as a result . 
  smoking just generally seems to be more acceptable generally . 
  actually you may be right , he may have simply been suggesting that a federal government would have a single coherent approach , although the ends would be the same . 
  a federal government able to act ( essentially having a competency in this area without consent from members ) would by definition be able to override the preferences of individual states . 
   there is a difference : leave 's proposals could 've been integrated into a government policy as britain would be released from the `` shackles of the eu '' , leaves proposals did n't come from government though , so how could they have been integrated into government policy ? 
  i mean , leave did n't win a general election , they only won the argument about whether the uk should be in the eu or not . 
  given that leave were prevented from having access to the civil service to do the kind of work you are suggesting and the civil service was not allowed to look into the prospect of leave winning , it seems a bit odd to suggest that leaves proposals could have been integrated into government policy , especially at a time when the government position was to remain in the eu . 
   and remain 's proposals would always have been subject to eu negotiation . 
  indeed , so the promises made around reform , a social eu , a more democratic eu , a more streamlined eu , less red tape and all the other stuff that came from the remain side ( depending on whether you were looking at the left or the right side of the argument . . ) were just as dependant on another process . 
  indeed one of the reasons why remain had such a poor argument on reform was because it would have been subject to the eus own processes and so likely to be curtailed if they were attempted at all . 
  in either case , both sides presented possibilities , the reality of it is what we have to work on now that leave has won and the uk is leaving the eu . 
   anyway , the eu is ready to negotiate right now , with the same amount of preparation , and with a greater risk of disadvantages as more countries are involved . 
  the uk is n't ready right now ... 
  whether the eu is ready or not is pretty much immaterial , the uk gets to decide when to trigger its exit negotiations and will do so when it is ready to do so , not when its convenient for the eu . . 
   this again proves that we need a federal government that can actually solve problems . 
  your argument there appears to be that you want a federal government so that it can override the views of several member states ... that seems like an odd perspective in context , there is no guarantee that a federal government would take the position that you think is right , rather than the one that is currently preventing the change . 
  essentially this is about balancing the needs of simple steel producers in the eu , of which there are a few , with the needs of those that produce goods from that steel ( of which there are more , although there is some overlap if you look at it on a per country basis . . ) . 
  cheap steel is good for a whole host of industries and exporters , that 's not an insignificant issue . 
  as to the arguments for protecting steel producers in the eu , a key one tends to be defence ( and indeed that 's one reason why state aid rules are ignored when it comes to steel . . ) , yet that view is n't shared by all eu member states either . . its going to be interesting to see where the eu/china relationship goes , especially as the eu would like to see more market access in china , whilst simultaneously feeling the need to protect eu businesses from chinese competition ( whether seen as unfair or not ) . 
  the smoking thing is noticeable across a lot of the continental eu though , massively more people seem to smoke in france , belgium and germany when compared to the uk and given that i 'd have said almost the exact opposite 15 years ago it seems to indicate a very different outcome of the various restrictions that have been put in place . 
  it 's also noticeable that e-cigarettes have n't taken off in the same way ( so that may contribute ) . 
  that said , greece does manage to take the piss in this regard even more than the other countries ... 
   you had years to prepare , and months of public debates sprinkled with promises , so why wait for the result before dreaming of possible ways to fill in the blanks ? 
  the government decided not to prepare options . . 
  the government also took a remain position , so there is n't much to do beyond say that preparation work should have happened , it did n't , so it 's happening now . 
  to be clear the campaigns had no way to implement a particular plan and frankly no real obligation to do so . 
  the question was whether to remain in the eu or no , it was not about a specific relationship with the eu afterwards . 
  much like the remain campaigns notions on what a reformed eu would look like , there is a whole spectrum of positions that need to be reconciled on deciding what the uks relationship with the eu will be , not to mention that remain voters will also have an input . 
   no need to put that extra burden on the civil service . 
  its government policy , and a huge revamping of law , regulation and so on . 
  if course the burden falls on the civil service . . its quite literally their job to implement the policy that the government comes up with . 
   the delay in invoking article 50 is just to throw wishes against the wall of reality , the delay in invoking article 50 is to prepare for the process that comes after . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
   and it 's not surprising that the campaign promises are the first to drip off the wall . 
  the nice thing about referendums is that the basic outcome is known before hand . 
  for this election it was either leave the eu , or remain . 
  if it had been a general election , the policy pronouncements may have been relevant , but they were n't . 
  both sides talked about options , on the remain side that was about reform , a social europe , stronger influence and so on , on the leave side it was what to spend the money saved on , what relationship the uk has with the world and what would happen if the uk were not subject to free movement . 
  neither side would have been able to implement their policies ( as neither side was going to be in government , as a campaign group . . ) . 
  the pledges made and promises , beyond remaining or leaving the eu were neither , they were , at best possibilities . 
   if brexiteers still believe the uk is much better off outside the eu , the cost of leaving can surely be offset in that better future so why delay heaven any longer ? 
  i think most people who voted leave , me included , absolutely do think the uk will be better off outside the eu . 
  and yes , i think most of us would also like to see that happen as quick as is practically possible . 
  but that does n't mean blindly storming head , it means making sure that the uk is prepared and able to make the case it needs to make , to get the best possible position on leaving . 
  the delay is there to prepare , it is longer than some had hoped because prep-work was n't done in advance , but it is n't going to be any longer than necessary . 
  and to be completely clear , it in no way suggests that the uk is somehow not going to leave , it just means that the uk is n't stupid , and will make sure that the process of leaving is carried out as much to its timetable and to its benefit as is possible . 
  after all , anything else would disadvantage the uk and why would we want that ? 
   could , it could be either . 
  either what ? 
  the uk is leaving , no-one in government is saying anything else , and we are spending a lot of money prepping an exit , and have a new government department to deal with it ... its not going away . 
   not only conclude , you 're not allowed to negotiate either . 
  we are allowed to discuss trade with whomever we want , we ca n't and are n't formally negotiating anything at present because we do n't have that competency . . 
  but that is n't what the uk is doing at the moment , it is preparing itself for negotiations with the eu , and preparing an exit strategy . 
  it is absolutely allowed to do that ...  that remains to be seen . 
  there 's been a referendum , the government has n't acted on it . 
  time will tell if they will . 
  government has acted on it . . 
  it just has n't initiated the formal process .
