   did n't save that post comparing it with the rest of the eu , but the first google hits have quite high numbers . 
  if you look at other eu countries , they seem about the same though , the 5.2 million adults in england 7.3 million in germany etc. .  `` the uk government 's department for education reported in 2006 that 47 % of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional mathematics , and 42 % fail to achieve a basic level of functional english . 
  that comes from the pass rate at ( what was then ) a c grade at gcse , the majority still passed their exams , just not at the level that kids are supposed to aim for . 
  it 's not functional illiteracy by quite a way though , although it is indicative that there should be more invested in education . . again , i wonder how that compares with other developed countries . 
   every year , 100,000 pupils leave school functionally illiterate in the uk . 
  that 's the problematic figure , and it seems very much in line with everywhere else . . 
  it 's probably worth noting that the uk now essentially has education to 18 not 16 now , so hopefully there will have been an improvement . 
  right , but is that a high level ? 
  that seems to be about the same level as countries like germany and france and a little lower than the us , although those do n't have high levels of functional illiteracy either if you are looking globally . . 
  i 'd agree that in a developed country you 'd expect illiteracy to be as close to nil in the domestically educated population as possible , bar those with learning disabilities , but i 'm not sure that describing the functional illiteracy as high has any real basis . . 
  i 'd love a source on that , i doubt that the level of functional illiteracy in the uk is either high , or indeed relatively high compared to other european countries ... 
  to be fair , it 's purely a minimum wage chart . 
  for anything meaningful you 'd need to fact or in age adjustments , in work benefits , consider taxation , exclude health and education costs where they are separate and factor in cost of living etc. . 
  it is what it is . 
  looks like absolute income . 
  it does n't , although i suppose it 's an upside . . 
  russia is down too , more than the eu at that . 
  i had to go into a branch to deal with a banking issue , with a paper book that several people had to look at and print new lines on . . 
  it 's like going back 20 years . 
  although i think the banking thing is a quirk more than anything else . 
  and more data points than co \u2082, 
   i really wish people would see that unified europe is for everyone 's best interest . 
  i suppose the question i 'd ask here is whether that unity has to come in the form of one particular model or not , and why there is n't scope for it to vary based on the issue . 
  i 'd argue that europe is experiencing the longest period of peace because of a multitude of organisations that allow cooperation , from nato and the eu through to the oecd , un , and the council of europe . . 
  i 'm not sure that a unified europe , as a single political entity , is either desirable or necessary for peace or indeed cooperation . 
  for there to be european unity , there needs to be broad support for that idea , it ca n't be imposed and it has to be something that can adapt and evolve . 
  the future of europe is n't fixed , there is n't a perfect shape for europe and frankly , if there were the eu would n't be it . 
  so whilst i agree with you that cooperation , coordination is both important and necessary in some areas , it does n't have to be limited to a particular set of european countries , nor does it have to be fixed into one rigid bloc . 
  the people , the ones you refer to as having ` built physical and mental fences against other nations ' are stakeholders in the future as much as anyone else , you ca n't discard the views of a lot of people entirely and move forward with a plan that you think is right just because you think they are wrong ( and that applies as much to brexit , scottish independence or any other major decision as it does to unity in europe . . ) . 
   it seems to be pretty hard to work together even when there are less and bigger countries . 
  more countries , especially many small ones will surely make things far more complicated , not easier . 
  if it 's hard with 38 ( or whatever is the current number ) , imagine it with over 100 tiny countries with very complicated foreign politics . 
  it might well get more complex but it 's still possible , it might mean that you have broad cooperation rather than tight integration but that is n't exactly a bad thing . 
  having many approaches to problems where it 's appropriate is a good thing , there is resilience in diversity too . 
  if you couple that with the ability of countries to work together ad-hoc or en-masse when there is an issue that ca n't be dealt with by one or a grouping then surely that 's a positive too . 
   self determination is ok as long as there is a good reason to secede ( a repressive regime against a territory with a majority of a different ethic group , no means of solving things through negotiation exist , the new state is perfectly capable to survive on its own , it does n't want to secede just because the population is temporarily unhappy with a situation that may change in the near future , or because it is encouraged by a bigger state to secede just to weaken or blackmail another big country , etc. ) . 
  who gets to decide that though ? 
  does scotland meet that criteria ( does n't seem to . . ) , what about catalonia ? 
  should smaller countries be pushed to join larger ones ( i mean , there are quite a few small countries within europe at the moment . . ) . 
  was there a cut off point , essentially up until now you could secede , but after today it should n't be allowed because it 's complicated ? 
  it seems unreasonable , when you do have small states in europe , to prevent populations that want independence , and use a reasonably valid political process to gain it from becoming states . 
  if anything , the eu and other supranational organisations make that more viable . .  cause if you cut away any reasoning behind self determination and just secede whenever you want out of anything at all , tomorrow you may end up with the whole europe completely fucked up and split into hundreds of powerless small states , many of them being enclaves and exclaves , some independent , some being dependent on some other countries , every small regions with a majority of another ethnic group than the majority can secede based on ethnicity and we 'd basically go back to medieval times with endless wars and territorial claims . 
  sure , i took things to extreme , but to make a valid point . 
  self determination , although usually democratic , just like referendums , can have very negative results too and can be abused/exploited . 
  you 'd make a valid point if there were any indication that that was likely ... more to the point , you ignore that there are benefits to regions remaining part of larger countries and that has been the case for a long time . 
  sure , you could end up with more small , split off states , but again , bar the complexity i do n't really see the issue . 
   for example , take the crimea episode . 
  according to putin , that was a case of self determination , not an occupation . 
  he is invoking a referendum for self determination ( to secede and unite with russia ) and claims that 's the most democratic tool and those blaming him are against democracy and the right to self determination . 
  but he '' forgets '' to also mention that every single step till annexation was illegal . 
  that the decision to ask for a referendum was only taken after russian troops were already present , that the vote to have a referendum was taken while the local council of crimea was occupied by his troops ( no footage of what happened inside , accusations that the members of the council were threatened by the russian troops and that they voted for some or all the members ) , the referendum was held in an unprofessional manner , without independent observers , with allegations that all the data around it was falsified ( the official data claimed a high presence at the referendum and 97 % or so voted for secession , but other sources claimed the presence was far lower and 30-50 % voted for secession ) . 
  he ( and other russian leaders ) did the same shit in other places too : donetsk and lugansk ( east ukraine ) , transnistria ( moldova ) , nagorno karabah ( azerbaijan ) , abhazia and south ossetia ( georgia ) . 
  he could have annexed most of these at any point in time , held numerous controversial/illegal referendums showing that they want to unite with russia , but they were more useful as trojan horses . 
  basically russia helped all of these to secede claiming the right to self determination , then used them to blackmail and control the states they are part of . 
  most of these would not last more than a few months/years as actual independent states and are only kept alive by the funds from moscow . 
  right . . 
  but we generally do n't recognise secession when a country has been coerced or occupied , this is n't a new problem . . 
  it does n't apply here , or to the few other areas where secession is seen as attractive . 
  would you apply the same thinking as in your points above to scotland ? 
  i mean that is undoubtedly a region where there was little outside pressure to secede ... 
  the notion that we ca n't allow people to determine their own future because maybe someone is doing it for the wrong reasons , or because there may be some ominous enemy behind it is a but disingenuous . 
  again , i think it 's pretty important that people have a right to determine how they are governed and from where . 
   there is a very good reason why there was a very clear policy to not alter the borders in europe , unless under very strict and exceptional cases . 
  yeah . . that reason was to prevent war , the idea being that countries should n't annex bits of their neighbours . 
  the borders of european countries have changed repeatedly since 1989 , they may well change again a few times over the next few decades , that is n't a problem as long as it is with the consent of the people who live within those areas . 
   cause once the pandora box is open widely , there is no way to close it back . 
  the ability of people to decide how they are governed , and by who , and on what basis is not something one should take lightly . 
  the idea that only oppressed people ( and then only presumably if their oppression is recognised in some way ) should be allowed to seek independence flies in the face of the lessons that europe is supposed to have learned over the last 70 years . 
  this fetish with denying people the right to have a say in how they are governed , because it is ` illegal ' or too complicated is frankly really problematic . 
  what europe needs and what people want might well be two different things , but i thought we 'd all ( bar possibly spain . . ) broadly agreed that self-determination was important . 
  it 's not as though countries ca n't work together if they fall below a certain size . 
   actually , we have countries because the larger an area with similar rules the more efficiency is gained , and inter-state competition in europe has been ferocious for hundreds of years . 
  i 'd argue there is a difference of opinion there then , and possibly one that is at the core of the uk/eu perception divide . 
  the idea that efficiency is more important than the ability of people to chose how they are governed , and that a very diluted say in a democratic process is sufficient is a problem . 
  being more efficient in terms of trade is one thing , in other areas of policy it simply is n't relevant and causes issues of people believing that they have little control over their own futures . 
   the national level should not get a free pass as being any kind of natural unit in terms of '' divisions in how people are governed , differences in ideas and approaches '' . 
  it is n't a natural unit , but it is one based on cultural and social cohesion . 
  you ca n't just ignore that . 
   and the extent to which europe sets common approaches in such matters is very limited ( and not the intent ) . 
  but broadening , the point is that the eu represents further political integration , which i think many in the uk are not keen on . 
   far more homogenisation is the result of increased prosperity , opportunity , education , and shared media . 
  i 'd agree to a certain extent ( certainly in some areas of life ) but not all by a long shot . 
   on a step by step basis , i 'd certainly agree . 
  however , i think we could have greater parliamentary scrutiny without going all the way to that . 
  the usual model for negotiations is for parliament to set the envelope of possibilities and sign off on the final deal . 
  setting the envelope strikes me as a good first step . 
  i think the problem then is that you do n't actually solve the problem , and it remains both opaque to the public and does n't give them much of a direct influence to lobby their mps and so on ( also means larger paid lobbyists ca n't , but such is the cost . . ) . 
  not t mention that you are dealing with 27 parliaments , you suddenly have a set envelope that might not overlap with all the others . 
  essentially what i am saying is that a direct mandate within the eu would solve those issues , especially if there were real engagement . 
  anything less than that leaves the eu open to being seen as the entity imposing legislation . 
  if to prevent that you give national parliaments more sufficient reviewing power to show they have a hand in managing imposed legislation you end up with a situation not far removed from the liberum veto . .  in what way , though ? 
  what reform of the eu institutions would act to recouple domestic democracy with government actions in the eu without having the same impacts as my suggested remedy ? 
  essentially you have to shift the accountability and power to the eu . 
  you 'd need the parliament to act like a parliament , have a majority form a quasi-government , and allow it to introduce legislation in areas of eu competency , vote and pass it and override the member states formally if there is a conflict . 
  that way power is unambiguously with the eu parliament and not with the member states . 
  you 'd also want to strengthen the democratic aspects of the eu , people have suggested a number of things there ( recall powers , european parties contesting elections directly , pan european candidates etc. . ) . 
  of course you 'd broadly need to find the support to do that first . 
  that does n't have the same impact your solution has , it has almost exactly the opposite one and it is contingent on popular support and a mandate for the eu . .  i 'd argue that the view taken of the eu in the uk - well , more in england and wales - reflects an enduring distaste for permanent foreign entanglements . 
  i 'd agree , although i 'd argue it also applies to scotland and ireland and a few other eu states . 
  we sort of have to remember why we have countries , borders and so on , at all , it is about divisions in how people are governed , differences in ideas and approaches , those differences are important .
