  the government position was to remain and they actively refused to allow the civil service to prepare for a leave vote . 
  i think the idea was to push the uncertainty angle ( there is no plan ! ), 
  and prevent anyone from being able to point at the preparations to mitigate that claim . 
  it was a mistake , but on the part of a government that wanted to remain , not the campaigns to leave , which had no capacity or authority to dictate uk government policy after the vote . . 
  you realise that eu spending in wales ( and everywhere else in the uk , north or south ) is dwarfed by national spending ? 
  we 've had this discussion before and it sort of beggars belief that you repeat this notion that wales will get ` nothing ' when at present they are essentially spending more money for less of a return than they would if the money going to the eu from wales just stayed in wales . . 
   there 's been an italian community in the uk for decades actually 100 's of years actually , but i would n't be surprised if there was a bump in migration of younger italians since the 2008 crash ( because there has been a lot of movement generally ) . 
  not that surprising really given the uk is pretty open and most of the larger cities manage to have lots of communities of expats . 
  i 'm always a bit amazed at how big and close knit the greek community is in manchester , but would n't have known it existed without being introduced to it . . 
  probably the same for other groupings too . 
   frankly i do n't know how common is for a financial company to do business in uk without a physical presence there . 
  there 's quite a bit of it , things like insurance , underwriting , an array of brokerage services and lots of non-retail services . 
  obviously if you are doing retail banking , you are gong to have a presence in the country you are operating , but banking is only one small aspect of the industry . 
  i suppose for the customer , the whole point is that you might not even notice that you are using an eu company rather than a uk one , i 'm pretty sure my other half had car insurance via an irish company without a uk presence at one point ( although . . they may have had a uk presence their address was in dublin . . ) . 
   but it is n't natural law . 
  it 's just service industry not tied to any mineral resources . 
  it has grown to this , it might well shrink , be moved , or it 's importance made superfluous . 
  i completely agree , but it currently is a global financial centre , it has government and industry support and it does n't look to be changing ( leaving the eu wo n't have a huge impact on that aspect of uk financial services in any case ) . 
  however , as long as the uk is a global financial centre , it remains something that eu companies want and need access to . 
   but that 's exactly why it 's not a good bargaining tool for the uk . 
   since the eu knows that and will push to have it 's own inside it 's own borders when the uk leaves . 
  the uk is a global financial centre , companies from all over the world need access to the services the uk has , that includes eu countries . 
  the eu on the other hand has singly failed to promote the environment in which a financial centre that is close in capacity and scope as say london or new york could establish itself . 
  now that could change , and the eu could absolutely end up with a hub that competes globally , but not in the short term , and not without significant changes to national approaches to a whole slew of things . . 
  so , the eu will need to continue its access to the uk and if it wants to establish a centre in the eu , it will have to open up eu financial services ( not try to shut down access . . ) which would be good for the uk and other existing global hubs . . 
   i think you misunderstand what passporting is . 
  i clearly do n't . .  you still need a local physical presence ( for most part ) to do business . 
  the * ` for the most part '' * aspect is relevant , you have both cross border service provision and the ability to carry out regulated activities by establishing a branch ( and as i said , huge number of eu companies do have uk subsidiaries , often engaged in a mix of activities , some covered under the passporting rules , some not ) . 
   the eu entities with a physical presence in london will require a uk licence to continue operating . 
  assuming that there is n't some mutual bilateral regulatory recognition or something else to replace passporting as it exists currently , yes ... and of course the same applies to uk firms operating in the eu , or offering services across the area . 
   the eu companies with a presence in london are already there , they wo n't need to open anything . 
  the point from the quote pulled above was `` more eu companies request a financial-services passport to operate in the uk than vice versa '' , they do n't have a presence in the uk directly , many operate on the back of the passporting rights available . 
  that said , a huge number of eu companies do have uk subsidiaries in the uk too and frankly , it 's in the uk 's interests to continue being open to eu firms and i do n't see that changing from the uk side . 
  the issue is that the uk is a global financial centre , there is n't an equivalent within the eu at present ( and the eu has been trying for a long time to create something ) . 
  you ca n't regulate one into being , so eu firms will want continued access to london , as much as uk firms will want access to eu markets . 
  if we do n't end up with a sane arrangement that makes bilateral access possible then yes , some uk financial services will end up opening subsidiaries in eu countries , but eu companies with a presence in london will likely also need to do the same in the uk ... 
  i suppose the issue would be around entering territorial waters without clearance and then not responding to communication attempts . 
  it 's not exactly the first time . 
  it boils down to the spanish government not respecting the territorial boundaries of gibraltar and acting on that , that causes friction . 
  there are plenty of ways that this could have been avoided , but apparently none of them were chosen . . 
   look at the uk economy . 
  i have , it 's reasonably diverse , complex and has a massive internal market driving it , as well as exports globally . .  it 's main markets ( banking , cars , etc ) are based on selling access to the european market . 
  they are n't based on selling to the european market , although the uk does trade , and will continue to trade across europe . .  what exactly is left of the u.k. economy if financial services , universities and international manufacturing companies leave the country because of losing access to the eu market and other cooperation like horizon2020 ? 
  they are n't all going to ` leave the country , they are n't going to halt cooperation either ... 
  this fanciful notion that our top universities and financial services industry is entirely beholden to the eu is false in the first place , as is the notion that we will find ourselves utterly cut off too . . 
   that 's like usain bolt cutting off his leg and then saying he 's the greatest sprinter in the world because he won at the last olympics though . 
  not really , most of that wo n't change much even if the uk leaves the eu under unfavourable circumstances . 
  the uk was n't built on access and membership of the eu , it certainly has had an impact , but the uk in or outside of the eu will still be a very large , developed economy . 
   it 's basically eu countries citizens getting shafted and the whole basis of the eu cooperation that benefits them undermined , so that people like me can have a mildly easier time working abroad . 
  certainly on reciprocal movement . . 
   otoh must admit the butthurt from brexiters may make this almost worth it in itself the quotes in this article are just fantastic in terms of the splutteriness . 
  the responses are frankly bizarre . . 
  i mean , the country is leaving the eu , that deals with the political issues and the other aspects of the eu that people do n't like . 
  if someone wants to pay some money for additional citizenship then fine ( setting aside somewhat the issues around doing that at the eu level . . ) , it 's not as though there are n't lots of dual nationals in the uk anyway . 
  i can see it being problematic and its a bit of an odd approach , but that 's down to the eu , if people want it then great , why not . . 
   what i \u00b4 m talking about is if turkey were to take active measures using refugees in order to destabilize europe , say by putting them on buses and sending them to europe . 
  but turkey ca n't ` send them to europe ' they can send them to your border , and you can then manage them as per whatever your particular requirements are , either refuse entry or whatever else . .  that would be a declaration of war . 
  allowing people to transit your country is n't an act of war , helping them do that , is n't an act of war . 
  turkey does n't have to stop people from crossing eu borders if it does n't want to , that 's the eu 's job . 
  now sure , the eu and turkey can put a mutually beneficial agreement in place , but if the eu decides it does n't want that , or if turkey decides that other eu actions ( justified or not ) mean they do n't want that deal anymore , there is nothing to stop turkey from simply not preventing people leaving ...  turkey threatend with exactly that . 
  turkey is basically saying , that it wo n't protect the eu border and wo n't prevent migrants ( who do want to cross it . . ) from crossing it . .  even if they cave and don \u00b4 t follow through it \u00b4 s clear that that country is not one of us and never will be and hence should not be a member of any organization we \u00b4 re a member off . 
  ever ? 
  given the massive changes on the continent over the last 70 years , i think ever might be a bit strong . 
  not really no , it 's be a shitty thing to do , but it is supposed to be our job to protect our borders , not turkeys . 
  eu member states can deny entry to people and prevent people crossing their borders in unauthorised places , but they ca n't force another country to protect theirs . 
  an attempt to cut turkey off by sea is n't practically a declaration of war though , it is an act of war . 
   sea embargo you are intending to declare war on turkey ? 
  it might fall behind where it might theoretically have been otherwise , although that depends heavily on both government policy and the reaction from industry . 
  it 'll also be incredibly hard to divine why , especially if some industries do better than expected . 
  frankly i 'm more concerned about the potential risks with some of the uks large trade partners at the moment , germany seems to be slowing down , the eu needs to solve quite a few issues internally to meet its own potential and trump just became president in the us ( which is causing uncertainty . . ) . 
   also , what really is the point of going to protests ? 
  in this country we make decisions via the ballot box rather than by protesting . 
  17 million people turned up at the ballot box to vote leave on 23 june . 
  to express an opinion , it sort of works ( if nothing else it brings people together ) and is usually coupled with other activity too . 
  the ability to protest , strike , advocate a cause and all the rest of it are important in a democracy . 
  that said , in this case , the protest seemed a bit silly . . 
  yeah , i 'd assume there would be . 
  there is also a / r/northernireland, 
  / r/yorkshire !, 
   / r/rom \u00e2nia . 
  `` that name is n't going to work '' :(, 
  the various predictions ( that are based on different models of the outcome of the uk leaving ) all indicate a reduction in the rate of growth , not a decline . 
  until we know what the uks exit looks like we do n't even know which model to apply , and that falls apart the moment the uk , eu or anyone else takes mitigating measures ... to be clear though , the uk economy is n't predicted to get smaller at this point . 
   when money at the end of the month start to be less and less then things will start shaking . 
  it seems that this is the general direction of the whole thing . 
  sorry ... what ? 
  the uk is n't going to end up with a long term recession because has left the eu , it certainly is n't going to ` start shaking ' . 
  and even if something unfortunate were to happen , whether boris commented on turkish membership or not is n't going to be relevant at all either . . boris ' support of leaving the eu might well hurt him at some point in the distant future , but he 'll be far from alone in that , the entire conservative party will take a hit ( and he 's a tory anyway ... ) but that will be along side the voters that voted leave , and lets face it , the general view of the uk on the eu is n't going to dramatically change any time soon either . 
  broadly ( although it was a really shitty leaflet that was left way too open to be interpreted , i think intentionally . . ) . 
  but yes , it was at least in part an attempt to highlight that turkey could joint he eu and that the uk supported it , and that the campaign did n't like that idea very much . . 
  it 's annoying really , the whole point of eu accession for the likes of turkey has been utterly mashed by both sides now . 
  the accession process does offer positives to the eu and turkey , it might help shape a secular , stable state that respects human rights ( in much the same way as it has helped other ascension countries , and indeed how other bilateral agreements are being used ) , that is n't a bad thing at all , in fact it 's one of the few areas where eu foreign policy of a sort has worked . 
  now we are throwing that away and arguing about it from both sides of the coin . . 
   you did n't understand what weber finds insulting as said in this sentence . 
  could you enlighten me , it seemed somewhat clear , the german press is repeating the same ( although the quote that seems to be mostly used is - \u201e das ist unglaublich , eine provokation und arrogant `` . 
   if a country wants to leave the eu , it 's fine . 
  but then , this country does n't get a say in which country should join the eu or not . 
  firstly , it does whilst its still a member , secondly even when the uk has left the eu , it will still likely advocate a position , other countries do it , the eu does it . 
  the uk advocating what it sees as the best outcome and using whatever levers it has to do so is not only obvious , it 's pretty rational . 
  if other countries disagree , they can and will do so . .  it 's not this country 's call to make , it 's the sole business of the eu .
