  none of the uks overseas responsibilities are going to be at risk because of the lack of missiles ( they are one system , there are others . . ) and again , the ability to procure or produce weapons is there if the shit hits the fan . 
  it 's probably worth considering that a war in which the uks current capacity did n't cut it , would likely require a massive ramping up of military capacity , to the point of actually having a war economy . .  and it 's not like the missiles are the only gap in the royal navy 's capability . 
  there 's the lack of a proper aircraft carrier of any sort , the lack of ability to fly conventional carrier aircraft off the decks of the carriers that are currently being worked on because a catobar system was deemed too costly , a lack of aircraft at all since the fleet air arm sold their harrier jets to the marines in anticipation of f-35s to replace them , the type-45 ddgs apparently having engine troubles in warm waters ... yup , too many eggs in one basket across the board and a failure to manage the upgrades properly . 
  however , that does n't leave the cupboard bare , it simply cuts down the options available . 
  that said , a lot of those issues are there because of an overhaul , essentially a modernisation programme . 
   yeah there are some issues . 
  regardless of how necessary you think the military is , the royal navy is critically underfunded and that needs to be fixed . 
  it is being fixed ( for a certain value of fixed anyway , not how i 'd approach it but hey . . ) and the navy will be in a better state than it has been for a while in 3 years and should see an increase in capacity and capabilities from then up until around 2027 . 
   also , the comparisons to russia 's military budget does n't really work since it ignores the key points that a ) russia does n't pay their soldiers a good wage and provides no care or benefits of any sort for veterans while most western military forces do , b ) russian military equipment is dirt cheap , and c ) russia also has major issues with its navy , so saying `` but russia spends less on its navy than we do and they 're fine '' is n't even an excuse . 
  the comparison to the russian military budget is indeed daft , it is about capacity . 
  however if we are going to talk about russia being a threat , then the issue for the uk and europe surely is n't that the navy does n't have missiles , but rather that we have ( like the us ) been drawing down forces from europe for the last 15 years . 
  i ca n't see the uk or the us bringing force levels in europe up to what existed 10 years ago , never mind 30 years ago , but then i do n't think the threat exists to justify that either . 
  the uk is spending a reasonable amount in relation to its commitments ( arguably it under-spend previously when the operational tempo was higher ) the issue is around priorities as much as anything else . 
  i 'd argue that policy ( and indeed the shift toward the use of reserves etc. . ) is more of an issue than straight up spending . 
  it is something like the 5th largest globally in terms of defence spending increasing that spending , even if it pushed its spending commitments up it would hardly make a difference if the government spent that money as poorly as it has at times in the past . 
  but lets be clear , the uk is militarily capable , the navy having an issue with the availability of missiles for 2 years is unlikely to be a major issue given the threats that the uk currently faces , and it comes at a time where the uk is carrying out a major modernisation effort of its navy ( in fact that 's part of the reason for the missile gap ) . 
  the problem is how that modernisation effort has been pushed , from the fuck ups with the carriers , to the issues around missiles and indeed the numbers of surface combatants ( regardless of how capable they may be individually . . ) . 
  the uk is n't unique here either , take a look at the us spending on things like the lcs project , that all counts toward the us defence budget , but i doubt it provides the benefits that the numbers suggest . . 
  given the argentinians could n't currently take the falklands , its a bit of a non starter . 
  and lets face it , if the royal navy suddenly faced a pressing need for missiles it 'd have them . 
  you are right that the government has taken a stupid position and left a capability gap because they 've failed to manage an upgrade cycle properly , but if it actually starts to matter , it 'll get dealt with . 
  i suppose i do n't really see the bbc propagating it , it 's a social media/reddit thing to a certain extent , and it 's popping up in satire . 
   they were unhappy to learn they are going to die one day . 
  i do n't know why , they have n't died yet . . 
  it might never happen . 
  it 's a reflection of the current feeling in parts of the very pro-remain group , it 's wrong , but frankly it was a joke ... 
  i do n't really see a problem with it in that context , i do see a problem with it when people seriously suggest that waiting a few years would be enough to change the view ( i do n't think it will , peoples views change too ... ) . 
  have i got news for you . . and yeah , people should know better , they go after everyone and it 's usually very funny . 
  if you ca n't take someone taking the piss out of your particular position , it 's probably best not to watch political satire . 
   i guess that the joint eu army , to preserve neutrality and to not have extra-eu pressures , will be well accepted by eu citizens . 
  possibly , i think its more likely to be a shit show but hey . 
  yes . . and it would n't imply nato helping a member , it 'd imply wwiii . 
  that statement would have been a lot more dramatic 20 years ago . . 
   i agree . 
  dictionaries strive to take account of the changes , governments do n't . 
  governments , the media and people in general drive those changes though . .  governments have a stake in how it 's defined , dictionaries do n't . 
  that 's two reasons to stick to the dictionaries . 
  do you have any reasons to go with the governments definitions before dictionaries ? 
  governments legislate on this issue , to a certain extent they need to define the term , or at least create a definition for the legislation they create ... 
  i mean , if carrying out an act of terrorism is an offence , you do n't want the definition to shift wildly , you want that in the legislation . 
  more to the point though , this is something that has been shifting recently , it seems important for some people at the moment to be able to use the term terrorism to apply to governments , i think to suggest an equivalency , even though that seems entirely unnecessary . 
  i do n't think many people would describe the actions of nazi germany or say the korean war as terrorism . 
   why ? 
  the latter does n't lead to the other . 
  the latter does lead to broadening , it does make the term less useful . 
  you essentially have to redefine terrorism to mean attacks against civilians ...  besides , why do you speak of `` widening '' and `` broadening '' ? 
  why not speak of `` narrowing '' the term to mean only non-state actors ? 
  because i do n't think that in the past , we have traditionally associated terrorism with states ( they carry out other acts . . ) . 
   i did n't follow that query . 
  i jumped in when you said terrorism was by non-state actors by definition . 
  right ...  is n't it the terror that is the point of the label ? 
  no , i do n't think so , terrorists do n't have to , and indeed often do n't create terror . 
  the ira bombing a building for example is terrorism whether they call the police in advance to ensure that it is evacuated , blowing up a substation , even if it does n't harm anyone is still terrorism . 
  i do sometimes wonder if the sound of the word causes way too much confusion though . . 
  it 's not about causing terror as such ( at least not in context ) it is about the use of violence . 
   i 'm not sure why the government 's definitions matter when there are dictionary ones . 
  largely because language changes and neither governments nor dictionaries are the definitive arbiter of what is correct . 
  i suppose my point would be that in the past we have largely separated terrorism from government atrocities , and indeed used a separate term ( state sponsored terrorism . . ) when there has been overlap and governments have funded or supported non state actors who commit terrorism . 
   possibly , but that need n't worry us if we are simply trying to use a definition of terrorism with the terrorist 's state-status as irrelevant . 
  no , it is relevant . 
  if there is a trend toward broadening a term ( especially to the point of uselessness ) , then surely the broadening of the term terrorism to include state actors is also problematic . 
  we already have decent descriptive terms for when government act abroad or against their own people , and we have descriptive terms aimed at specific scenarios , widening terrorism to include government action ( or indeed including any act that causes terror or fear . . ) is problematic . 
   yeah , but `` terrorism '' loses none of it 's `` meaning '' by by simply including state actors , does it ? 
  i 'd argue it does ( i 'd also point out that this started with a query about whether groups that only attack military/government targets are terrorists ) . 
  if terrorism is defined as simply any entity using force to pursue a political change , then almost any military action would fall into that category . 
  a few dictionaries and a reasonably large number of governments ( although there are permutations . . ) . 
  it seems to be the most accepted definition , although i 'd agree that there is a lot of pressure to essentially define terrorism as ` bad people doing bad things ' regardless of whether it is a non-state group , a state or whether the victims are civilian or otherwise . 
  unfortunately at that point it simply loses all meaning . 
  terrorism by definition is carried out by non-state groups , an attack by any group ( whether pro-nato or anti-nato ) aimed at creating political change is terrorism , an attack by a state is never an act of terrorism ( although it can be an atrocity . . ) . 
  how it is reported , and the reactions to it tend to depend on a huge number of factors , including who the victims are and the perceived justification of the action . 
  so this attack is terrorism by definition , is there any point in calling it something else ? 
  i 'd be concerned that it confuses pedestrians too , potentially leading to them thinking they can cross the road safely when they ca n't . . 
  i do n't disagree with you ( well , a little . . ) the point i was responding though was the comment that implies brexit is in itself extremism and an extreme position , it is n't . 
  i 'd also add that i think farage would have considerably more difficulty convincing people to take extremist positions in the uk , say on the nhs or on the environment , so it 's not that he can sell extremism , it 's that the position he was presenting was reasonably mainstream . 
  * edit : * actually , this is really important , because people are lumping lots of things together and looking for simple reasons as to why they are happening , which leads to root causes being obscured . 
  to take some of the threads in here recently , you ca n't tie up euro-scepticism , the trump presidency and the quality of journalism + propaganda and simply blame the russians , it might be an easy narrative , but it ignores reality and a huge slew of issues that really are troubling . 
  the idea that it was an extremist position to suggest that the uk should leave the eu is simply wrong . 
  it 's not a new position , it 's not a minority view ( although for a lot of people it wo n't have been terribly important an issues ) , and it certainly is n't linked to extremism . . 
  i agree , and he 's a prat , i do n't much like his party and i do n't really understand what he 's after now . 
  but the one thing you ca n't really accuse him of is being useless in the run up to the decision to leave the uk . 
  continued access to the uk financial services sector without interruption presumably . 
  i tend to take some coffee in a thermos in the car , especially in winter . 
  it means i can drink it if i get stuck in traffic and saves me messing about when i get to wherever i 'm going . 
  i would n't generally drink it whilst driving though . 
  the referendum was a reaction to ukip causing electoral issues , and issues for cameron within the tory party . 
  that was as a result of pushing on the issue for years ( and ineffectively for quite a long time . . ) . 
  it basically pushed an issue that no-one else was bothered with on to the agenda . .  ukip had a very short influence on brexit . 
  they had a limited impact on the campaign and will have essentially no impact on the actual exit . .  for some reason farage could never enter in the british parliament . 
  the same reason there are n't more ukip meps he does n't have concentrated support in one place that would allow him to win in a fptp election . . not really all that surprising . 
   the media simply gives farage a lot of coverage and the guy thinks that he is important . 
  he had a major impact , although i do n't know if that 's because of the media attention or despite of it . 
  he spent rather along time getting incredibly negative media attention after all , but ukip seemed to do a good job of using that . 
  sorry , if i was unclear , it was valid and it was a moderate view , not an extreme one . 
  the other side of it is true too , for the pro-eu side in the uk , you 'd have a small minority element that supports the uk joining the euro for example , but that would n't be an extreme view , even if it is unpopular . 
   did he ? 
  brexit was achieved by the tories . 
  it was cameron 's fault . 
  he tried to play with fire and got burned . 
  farage was just a parrot all the time . 
  sure he might have one some votes , but it was n't a ukip victory .
