  i do n't think the notion that the uk leaving means that german , france and all can simply hammer the smaller states into submission on issues where they previously had support of the uk . 
   besides , everybody see that the taxes war or race to the bottom is bad for everybody and has to end . 
  that is broadly true , although it 's worth noting that the different approaches to taxation are n't necessarily a race to the bottom either . 
  i 'd argue that it has become reasonably clear that corporation tax , even within the eu context , is far from the best way of ensuring that companies pay for the benefits they receive in the countries they operate in . 
   the uk does n't export much in goods . 
  the uk is all about services . 
  the uk exports more goods than services by a large margin ... and whilst you are right if the uk were not able to export any services at all to the eu it 'd be quite a nasty shock on both sides ( catastrophic in terms of exports for the uk given both the size and growth of those service exports ) it 'd also be catastrophic for the eu in terms of market access and service provision . 
  of course realistically uk and eu firms would find reasonable ways to continue to operate . . 
  i suppose the point is that the uk is n't committed to the eu project , that 's unfortunate for those who believe in it strongly , but what would they suggest ? 
  i 'd assume they 'd rather not see the project shift to something that the uk is more comfortable with , they no doubt do see much closer eu integration as a good thing . . 
  surely people can understand that leaving is , at that point , a far better option and the one that would do the least harm to the project that they believe in . . 
  it 's not personal , it 's not about breaking friendships or alliances , it is about having a different view of the future , perhaps one that is complimentary rather than integrated , but fundamentally different . . 
   again , what 's the fucking alternative ? 
  quitting nato ? 
  reneging on their international treaties and obligations ? 
   again , this is n't a ` give ' . 
  the uk does far more with the eu than just operate via nato , especially on intelligence , policing and anti-terrorism work . 
  in terms of defence , a lot of the eu focused military efforts heavily involve the uk outside of a nato context for example ( although some overlap ) . 
  when the uk leaves the eu , there is a question about whether and how that continues , how it would be funded and run and so on . 
   well , it is probably not the united kingdom that will be leaving . 
  it 's almost certain that the united kingdom will leave as one unit , if only because the chance of scotland calling and going through a referendum in the next couple of years seems very slim ( and there is essentially no chance of northern ireland suddenly deciding to leave and putting a process in place to achieve that ) . 
  scotland may decide that it prefers independence in the future ( and i would n't be surprised if that question gets asked again and again over the next few decades , i would n't even be that surprised if scotland did eventually leave the union , although it 'd be a sad day . . ) but not before the uk leaves the eu . 
  for the uk it certainly is n't ( regardless of what the various remain factions would suggest ) but i can see that from a european perspective , especially from those countries that really have seen a massive benefit from the eu , whether in economic , political or social terms , i can understand the misconception that it is insanity . 
  if i lived in a country that in living memory times did n't live under the rule of law , did n't have the kind of rights we enjoy and were n't in a democracy , i might have a very different notion of what the eu is and has done . 
  i 'd argue that that is one of the major issues that gets lost in translation between the uk and other eu countries . 
  we see it as an economic bloc with a political project attached ( a political project that does n't really fit with what we want ) , they see it as a political project that is necessary for a stable europe and freedom ( and all the other jazz . . ) with an economic benefit to boot . 
  that basically seems to mean that the message that from the uk is ` thanks , but we want to take a different direction ' gets morphed into something almost aggressive . 
  you see enough people here ( and indeed the people i 've spoken to recently in france and germany ) seeing it as a repudiation of friendships and alliances , essentially a slight , rather than a difference in national direction . 
  with a bit of luck , if in a few years that mistranslation will work itself out , without it having a real destabilising impact on the relationships that do and continue to exist . 
   brenial can we just fucking stop with that kind of thing ... ( although yes , it 's bizarre that people are still suggesting it 's not going to happen , especially when they are also presenting themselves as realists fighting against a deluded , undereducated and excessively aged opponent . . ) . 
   actually it was the uk that was blocking all the european integration , with it out of the way , everything will be easier . 
  to be slightly more accurate , the uk has been one of the major detractors of some elements of tighter integration , they were n't alone though . 
  once the uk leaves ( and presumably voting weights are reshuffled . . ) it 'll simply leave those other members to protect their own interests without the uk . 
  it may well be easier ( there will certainly be fewer members to deal with and they will have relatively less clout ) but that does n't really make a difference in any area where the uk was n't standing utterly alone . . 
   this also not a clear cut case . 
  no it 's not , because it depends heavily on what the eu and uk can achieve in terms of agreements with third countries , and a slew of other things ( from protections on intellectual property , through to legal systems and the cost of operating in those countries ) . 
   it would make way more sense to produce in the us or china and transport the smaller percentage of the production that is bound for the uk ( since it has a smaller market ) over an ocean . 
  than it is to transport the bulk of production as would likely be the case if it was produced in the uk . 
  it would , if the bulk of the production were for the domestic market . 
  the point there being that the market share of eu producers tends to be much smaller ( see vw in the us for example ) and of course it comes down to which models are appropriate and so on if we are talking about cars , and a variety of other issue if we are talking about other production . 
  the only point there would be that it applies to uk production as much as it would to eu production . 
  to be clear , i was n't suggesting that the uk would somehow become the export hub for the eu to the rest of the world , i was simply pointing out that uk production could also include export products if the uk is able to strike deals with third countries that make it attractive ( and some of those third countries will likely be smaller too , not just the us and china ) . 
   now obviously there are things like productivity , specialization , details of the fta that influence the decision . 
  yup , and that 's quite a way down the line in any case . 
  as i said , i think the uk and eu will try to ensure that broadly , especially on goods , things stay roughly the same in terms of bilateral market access , but it 'll be interesting to see exactly where things land . 
   than it is ultimately up to bmw whether that percentage is worth opening up a factory in the uk . 
  broadly that 's correct , and that 's why the issue is n't as clear as you suggest . 
  the uk consumes far more domestically than it exports , so a lot of manufacturing is geared toward uk customers , with some going to exports ( and only some of those exports going to the eu ) . 
  that 's true in germany too , and france etc. . 
  if it becomes hard , or more expensive for a german manufacturer to sell to the uk from germany , they are n't going to close their german operations ( unless all their clients are in the uk , possible within the eu but unlikely . . ) but they would find it valuable to open a factory in the uk . 
  ( arguably this is also why the uk leaving is very different from a smaller eu nation doing the same would be , the uk internal market is large enough to make it a valuable proposition to pretty much anyone ... ) . 
  no doubt there will be some small proportion of companies who moved their operations to parts of europe with cheaper labour and costs , but have a primarily british customer base that might have to move back to the uk , and there may well be some uk businesses who are specialised and have most of their customers in the eu , but they will both be a minority . 
  to be clear , this only really works because the uk is a massive market , it 's worth being in the uk for lots of manufacturers anyway , essentially , it is worth while producing for the uk market . 
  however , if you are in the uk , the next question then is whether it 's also worth exporting from the uk to elsewhere in the world ( maybe the uk gets a better trade deal with china or the us than the eu has , maybe the uk manages to set up some preferential trading arrangement with some commonwealth countries , whatever . . ) . 
  if it is , then why not take advantage of that too . 
  that 's where some of the friction with the eu may well kick in , if it is cheaper or easier to shift your cars to china if they are made in the uk than if they are made in germany , then the uk could ` steal ' some of those exports and the associated jobs . 
  in reality though , the uk and eu are likely to try and put as few barriers in place on trade as possible , the chances are that bmw will still make its cars in germany and sell them in the uk , and that the uk will continue to make gas turbines and aircraft parts and so on , and sell them in germany . 
  i think he 's right ... 3.7 % ( ish ) a year over 14 years gets you from the current gdp to around $ 4.6 t. 
  and that takes into account the increase each year ( obviously ) . 
  that said , if you use the figures from the article directly ( rather than the current gdp figures . . ) and allow for 15 years ( given the article is from 2015 ) it 'd be closer to 2.9 % annual growth required . 
  that 's a bizarre spin on the situation , the uk was pretty clear in advance of the summit that it was n't happy with it , sent lower level diplomats as observers ( not taking part ) and declined to sign the joint statement afterwards . 
  why on the back of that would anyone assume they would be blocking the eu council from adopting something that the uk has apparently been pretty unhappy with , on the basis of a tweet , rather than on the basis of what is a fairly consistent position of the uk government over the last few years ? 
   and threatens retaliation if she does n't get it . 
  what retaliation is being threatened ? 
  this seems to be exactly the same argument that the eu is making , the uk wants x , it will put y on the table to access x. 
  the eu is no more entitled to the benefits it sees from uk membership once the uk leaves than the uk is entitled to the benefits of eu membership . . 
  it 's really silly , both sides want some things from the other , some they will get the others they wo n't . . 
  the only way i can see things being deemed nasty , is when one side or the other decides to spite the other whilst harming themselves , although that seems to be less nasty and more vindictive . 
   i think uk 's strengths are things like creative industries and high end services . 
  and high tech manufacturing ... its a little annoying when people ignore the fact that there is a lot of high value production happening , especially in the north ( it does n't employ anything like the number of people that the traditional industrial base did , so maybe it 's that but ... ) . 
  the uk economy is far more diverse than people give it credit for and between innovation and a relatively highly skilled workforce , it does a pretty good job globally in areas that few people would associate with the uk . 
   london generates lot of revenue by being a trade hub . 
  i think it will be really interesting to see what is going to happen after that is no longer an option . 
  after what is no longer an option ? 
  london is n't going anywhere ... 
   besides the uk is primarily suervice based economy . 
  pretty much every eu economy is primarily a service economy , the interesting thing with the uk is that it is also very good at exporting services . 
  that said , there are more variables than currency fluctuations when it comes to importing raw materials ( take the price of oil or various metals over the last few years , small currency fluctuations are nothing against the price changes . . ) and even when it comes to importing finished goods , manufacturers still want to make sales which means pricing is geared toward what the market ( in this case the uk market . . ) can handle . 
  it 's not as though there is a 1:1 relationship between prices and currency value . . 
  exactly right , people should have a say in how they are governed , without that you end up with instability and strife and it 's not necessary . 
  now , i do n't think scotland would vote for independence , but if there is a desire for another referendum , it should be held , whether that 's in a couple of years or in a couple of decades . 
  the same should apply in northern ireland and anywhere else that has a significant proportion of a population who would like to see major change ( hell , it includes places like catalonia and the faroe islands if they want it ) . 
  it 's always odd seeing people suggest that constitutions prevent it , or that it 's illegal , or that it is somehow breaching the integrity of a state . . 
  i mean , i thought the whole point of countries was to allow people to make laws and govern themselves in a manner they see fit , surely that is where a considerable degree of the legitimacy of any kind of government has comes from . 
  my point is that that is the issue , the uk would broadly be happy with a free trade area , but it seems that lots of people are very much not on board with the political project for a lot of different reasons . 
   votes to leave free trade area if the eu were just a free trade area , the uk would n't be leaving ... 
  the eu is much more than that . 
   you do realise the only thing they can do is hover over an aor and fire precision strikes at a few targets ? 
  they also probably do n't work very well against an enemy with semi-capable air defence or electronic warfare capabilities . 
  the point missed by the parent , and you touch on it , is that there is a massive cost in training , manpower , maintenance and logistics , it 's not just about buying some weapons systems off the shelf and sticking them in a warehouse . 
  conversely that 's also why comparing military capabilities on the basis of budget is daft , the uk , or germany spending a trillion dollars tomorrow on arms would n't suddenly make them a superpower , the issue is n't just that the us spends more on defence , it is that it has done so for a very , very long time ( and other countries still benefit from spending that they carried out a long time ago , even if their current budgets are significantly reduced . . ) . 
   not really , they did give the uk opt out after opt out to keep them . 
  that 's not really accurate , the uk ( and others . . ) negotiated opt outs in exchange for concessions to the eu . 
  this is n't a case of the uk being handed things to keep it in , it was about finding ways to allow the eu and uk to move forward on issues where there was disagreement , rather than the uk ( or others . . ) simply blocking a particular initiative . 
  indeed , but the point remains that his support on issues is problematic and his associations are problematic for the labour party in terms of public support . 
  that is n't going away , nor is it going to change , unlike brexit or a general election , this is a continuous and eroding issue for the labour party ( and it 's not just the fault of corbyn , but even at best he is a catlyst for it ) . 
  it 's not something you can just stick out and hope for the best if you are a member of that party and either hold a different view or simply want to see your candidates elected in the next set of elections . 
  the problem for labour is that you are absolutely right , for the electorate , there is absolutely every opportunity to vote for some other party in a ge , and polling seems to suggest that quite a few people will do just that , that 's bad for labour and it is something that seems to be ignored by the pro-corbyn side of the debate and blown up to the point of becoming self-fulfilling by the anti-corbyn side . 
  essentially it 's a mess . 
   i do n't know why people feel such a need to attack corbyn even when they agree on something .
