  but hey , lets inject brexit into a discussion about egg regulation . 
  a box of the finest from the trump winery ? 
  `` we are better organised than the trump administration . 
  that is because if there are any internal difficulties , those difficulties are fixed in a direct conversation instead of by firing people , '' ca n't argue with that . 
  no , but it also is n't really news that the uk and france will continue doing things that they were doing anyway , and it 's not relevant to brexit given that it has nothing to do with any eu frameworks , but rather the bilateral french/uk ones . 
  the ` despite brexit ' is basically just a bit daft , as daft as suggesting it implies that the writer was trying to present brexit as an embargo , or the uk as the north korea of europe . 
   why do you expect a definition that is without contradiction exactly ? 
  i do n't , but if it has contradictions , then we have a spectrum with biological variance . 
  that means that there are reasonable grounds for people to feel/believe/be a different gender from what the perception of their sex might be . .  the first thing we notice about a person is their sex , the distinction is deeply rooted in our nervous system . 
  indeed , and sometimes we get it wrong . . not that unusual and not that surprising really . .  the existance of deviations is not under question , what that means for us is , and you are under the spell of a value system that , like water to a fish ( or air to a human ) you do n't know is there . 
  it is like talking to an alien who have never seen people but have had them thoroughly explained to them . 
  it 's insanity . 
  but you seem to be insisting that people ca n't feel that they are a different gender to what they were deemed to be at birth , or that they may superficially appear to be to some extent to others . 
  that 's the insanity and indeed like talking to someone who has never seen people ... confusion about gender is hardly new and hardly uncommon ... 
  how so what ? 
  how do we define male and female , or how can you deviate between the two ? 
  in the first instance , we define male as being the sex that , in humans has a pair of xx chromosomes , gametes produced in the testes and produces significantly higher levels of testosterone ( which plays a key role in male development ) amongst other things , while we define female as being the sex that has xy chromosomes , gametes produced in the ovaries and that produces significantly higher levels of progestagens and oestrogen and generally gives birth to human children . . 
  in the second we can see deviations in that not all humans fall neatly into either category , often with elements of both being present to one degree or another ( or there being other differences at whatever level is relevant . . ) . 
  clear enough ? 
  what do you mean . . no ? 
  there are biological differences in the things we use to determine sex , which means you can be ` more ' or ` less ' of a particular sex depending on how you quantify that ( including purely on primary sexual characteristics ) . 
   there are not exactly two points that there is a variance between . 
  i 'm not going to spend time discussing this , but suffice it to say that it 's not a spectrum and even if it is that certainly does not tell us anything about the nature of transexuality . 
  what would you call it then ? 
  i mean , you have variations in sex organs , chromosomes and secondary sexual characteristics , essentially a mix of physiological and psychological variations that do n't easily map into two sexes , to the point that you have individuals that ca n't reproduce ... 
  whether or not that tells us something about the nature of transexuality is beyond the point ( given that that area involves a whole load of factors ) it does tell us that there is variance . 
   sure , values are subjective . 
  but values can also be nonsense . 
  subjectively yeah . . you can deem anything you want nonsense , but whether it is or not depends on how much support or evidence there is for a particular view . 
  i can say that claiming that people need to breathe is nonsense , does n't make it so . 
   you are injecting your values . 
  i 'm not injecting my values on the objective aspects of this , but i am when it comes to the subjective elements ( i.e. 
  gender . . ) . 
  as anyone would be . 
   that is what your are doing . 
  you want it to be a certain way because you think it is compassionate towards certain people . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm talking about biological sex and variation , which you seem to want to ignore entirely as its inconvenient . 
  i have n't said anything about acceptance or social approaches , but rather what the underlying biological elements are . 
  you seem keen to use a false view of the biology as support for a particular set of values . . you can hold those values if you wish , but you ca n't underpin them with biological evidence , as the biological evidence does n't support it . 
   biology and variation are certainly not mutually exclusive . 
  variation is to be expected if the cause is biological . 
  indeed . .  why should they ? 
  no reason they should , given that there is variation . 
   i mean , only if you think there is a spectrum do you expect there to be some prototypival male or female . 
  but why should there be such a thing ? 
  that dos n't mean there is no duch thing as male or female . 
  because we define ` male ' and ` female ' which means that you can be either , or you can deviate between the two ... you ca n't wish that away either ( biological sex exists after all ) . 
  no-one is suggesting there is no such thing as male or female , people are suggesting that they do n't , on their own , as a binary set of choices , properly define the range of both what people , society and indeed science sees as existing . 
   no , we do n't . 
  yes . . we do ? 
   that ' a again not what the data means . 
  what is the spectrum even . 
  what do you mean that 's not ` what the data means ' . 
  the data shows that in terms of biological sex there is variance . 
  there are males , with male primary & secondary sexual characteristics with the standard ` male ' chromosomal makeup at one end , and females with female primary & secondary sexual characteristics with the standard ` female ' chromosomal makeup at the other end , of a spectrum , with a lot of other variance in between the two . .  if you want to use technical terms you should use them correctly and i fail to see what the specturm is that you are suggesting . 
  medical conditions should not be treated as normative , and there is no reason to do so . 
  i 'm using the technical terms ` correctly ' you seem to be somewhat confused about whether anything that falls outside of the two poles should be seen as somehow problematic or abnormal ( or treatable ? ), 
  or just ignored ...  it 's not at all obvious or clear that xyy people make up a separate sex . 
  yiu are injecting your values into thw conversation without realizing . 
  no , all that it shows is that you have more than a binary set of characteristics that cause issues when you are closer to the middle than the sides . 
  for many people it may be clear whether they are male or female biologically , for others they may simply be closer to one side or the other , or it may be far harder . 
  i 'm not injecting my values , what i am saying is that if you test objectively , you have a spectrum , not a certain outcome for a small number of people . 
   i 'm saying the view you are presenting is just nonsense and it is you who think that view is better for society . 
  right , but that is entirely subjective on your part , ignoring both the scientific basis and the individuals . 
  essentially your argument is ' i prefer it like this , and i think it 's better , therefor everything else is nonsense and wrong ' . 
  that is n't really a solid foundation for anything . 
   bo it does n't . 
  societies are built around gender not the other way around . 
  that would make a hell of a lot more sense if societies had n't changed , and there were n't different approaches to gender in different societies . . 
  there is n't some ` default ' it has been variable for a long time and will continue to be . 
   they are not arbitrary and are bilogically determined . 
  i may yield a little bit and agree there is some sociological construction here , but those construct are themselves built on our biology , and to say they are arbitrary is just false . 
  right , so if they are built on biology , how do you deal with variation in biological sexual characteristics ? 
  not everyone falls neatly into the ` absolutely male ' or ` absolutely female ' category in a physiological sense , never mind a psychological one . 
   what i have done is say there is no concensus and i have argued that what others have said is does not follow from the science . 
  what they say follows from their values . 
  i am not contradicting myself . 
  i think what you are trying to say , is that the biological issues are n't relevant to the sociological issues as you see them . 
  we know ( as in , there is a lot of data ) to say that there is a spectrum in human sex determination if you are talking about everything from chromosomes through to genitalia , and that is more common than most people would expect . 
  what you seem to be concerned about is whether that scientific basis is a justification for changing what are essentially social constructs around gender . 
  in short , you want to separate sex ( the anatomy of an individual 's reproductive system , and secondary sex characteristics , where there is variation ) and gender ( which has , broadly been seen as either male , or female ) in a societal sense , but where the variation has been fairly constrained by social norms . 
  if i 'm understanding what you are saying , you 'd like to see a continuation of a traditional view of gender ( being binary ) over the view that is more of a spectrum , despite the biological variation , because you feel it would be better for us societal . 
   i should also clarify that i do not use `` think '' as being synonomous with `` belief '' , i mean that they are having thoughts about their identity that they have a hars time squaring with what other people say they should think . 
  but these are not feelings . 
  i do n't understand why they are ` not feelings ' . 
  i would assume that if someone ` thinks ' that they are in fact not male or female when they appear to be ( or where they mostly have male or female sexual characteristics ) that that would qualify as both a feeling and a belief . . 
  i also recognise that there could well be some confusion , and there will be a lot of variation , but it seems to be a very much valid thing . 
   i do n't , and no one does , deny that fact . 
  the argument surrounds what that fact means , which is based on values . 
  what ` fact ' though ? 
  society defines gender and the roles around gender . 
  that has been changing since ... well essentially as long as societies have existed . 
  when it comes to sex , our understanding of that ( in biological terms ) has also evolved as we have been able to assess it beyond external characteristics . 
  again , if we ignore the biological facts to instead go with social facts , then we are looking at what amount to arbitrary , value based , and variable notions that are different depending on who you are or what your own position is . . 
   actually , my argument is that you are doing that and it is your values that are distorting your view of the facts . 
  given the above was my first reply to you , that seems unlikely . 
  you started this thread in relation to scientific evidence and fact , and then switch to ` values ' . 
  those are very different things . 
   so the irony is that i could say this to you without changing a word .
