  it is n't even a country , its a union of sovereign states ... that means right now every nation perceives each other as a completely different entity , the eu is where those different entities can cooperate and coordinate together . . 
  it 's the law ... scotland ca n't charge eu students more than they charge their own , they can charge non-scottish uk students more . 
  it has nothing to do with wanting eu students more , eu solidarity , or disliking the english . . 
   whilst showing and alliance go eu , i.e. 
  letting eu students have free fees too . 
  that 's more about not being able to discriminate against eu students than it is about anything else . 
  scotland ca n't charge non-uk eu students more than it charges scottish ones , it can charge non-scottish uk students more . 
  if scotland could , it would charge eu students , it simply ca n't at the moment . 
   let 's then add another 1200 . 
  of vw officials + family members . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you / u/scundoo ? 
  drones ca n't and wo n't be able to do the job of the f-35 ( and would have difficulty doing the job of any current or last gen fighter ... ) . 
  they do n't stand up well against air defence systems ( especially not modern ones ) and have real issues in environments that include lots of electronic warfare . 
  that might change in a decade or so with more autonomous capabilities , but right now , if you are buying drones to do the job of fighter aircraft , you are n't getting a good deal . . 
  drones do n't do the same jobs as fighter aircraft though , not by a long way , they also have some serious limitations if you are using them in any kind of hostile environment , drone viability in the context of a modern integrated air defence system , or in the face of modern electronic warfare is essentially nil . 
   the people with cognitive dissonance are scotish nationalist that voted remain or scotish unionists that voted leave . 
  in so far as using scare tactics and not talking about substantive positives ( which wound me up massively in relation to the brexit thing in terms of the remain campaigns , but hey ) , yes . 
  in terms of the issues , they are different questions , being pro-union does n't imply being pro every union any more than a nationalist would automatically also be pro-eu . 
   i 'm from the us , and even though i 'd love to visit the u.k. , i would n't be mad if they did n't let me in . 
  well , on the plus side , the uk is n't part of the eu 's common visa scheme so you 'd have no issue visiting the uk ( or ireland . . ) , but you 'd face some barriers travelling from the uk across the rest of the eu if you were n't eligible for a schengen visa by default , which would be a shame in terms of lost opportunity . . 
   because he has to fight neoliberal takeover of his party . 
  to be fair , he is n't fighting a neoliberal takeover , he has essentially pushed a further left than normal takeover of the party somewhat unsuccessfully ( i.e. 
  he has n't brought the bulk of the parliamentary party along ... ) . 
  his opposition is n't neoliberal , its a bunch of centre left social democrats . . 
  i 'll quote myself from the thread above : the day the uk notifies on article 50 , the eu and uk could set the tone by agreeing the status of eu nationals in the uk and uk nationals in the eu . 
  it 'd set a good tone for the negotiations , it takes the idea of using either sides nationals as hostages away and it creates certainty . 
  i think that 'd be great , but if it is done unilaterally by the uk , i can see the eu looking to gain concessions over the right of uk citizens to remain in the eu , that 'd be a dangerous dynamic . 
  i 'd actually argue that in the case of this issue , it is n't about throwing away cards as much as it is complicating something that should be an easy win for both sides . 
  the day the uk notifies on article 50 , the eu and uk could set the tone by agreeing the status of eu nationals in the uk and uk nationals in the eu . 
  it 'd set a good tone for the negotiations , it takes the idea of using either sides nationals as hostages away and it creates certainty . 
  by removing it on one side of the equation but not the other , it creates a very strange and potentially dangerous dynamic . 
  now i 'd love to be sure that if the uk went ahead with this unilaterally , that the eu would reciprocate on principle , but sadly i 'm not . 
   if it were done externally , it 'd force their hand . 
  if 3rd party does it , officials have to compete with that product . 
  i broadly agree , but it 'd be pretty complex and open to issues around accuracy and the biggest issue would be the manpower required to identify each person voting from video , or other imagery ( which may not be sufficient ) . 
  recording and distributing the vote would be easy enough , but tallying votes in the short period they are taken would be hard . 
   if politicians do it first , you can count on them making it as hard to access as possible . 
  possibly , although most countries seem to do this reasonably well . . 
  i 'd be quite shocked if i could n't find out how my mp voted on any particular issue for example . 
   for example take the florida anti-abortion law from last year . 
  republicans put it out , and it was easily accessible as pdf . 
  look it up . 
  it 's not protected , that 's too easy to crack . 
  instead they fucked with formatting so hard , that the parts that 's be death sentence to women in immediate life threatning situation ( 24 h wait period , no exceptions ) need to be transcripted manually , and search function will not work in these parts of doc . 
  it 's not just break lines and such - nearly every lwtter does it 's own thing . 
  right , but if the eu parliament is doing things like this then you have bigger issues , because at that point the parliament does n't represent you in any way not having publicly available draft legislation , reports or votes is simply anti-democratic . . 
  i 'm not sure you could , obviously with roll call votes they are recorded , but with everything else it 'd be quite time consuming and a bit of a labour intensive effort to identify exactly who voted which way or abstained , and who was present . 
  it also seems a little excessive to need to do it externally , there are n't many good reasons for having votes where you ca n't easily determine how representatives voted after all , and plenty of methods to quickly and reliably record votes as they are taken . 
  there is probably more mileage in trying to push the parliament to record all or most votes , or at least to have the recording of votes be the default , than to try and throw another layer on top . 
   newsflash : your opinion matters only to your representatives . 
  my opinion might , but when putting together campaigns on issues , it 's always useful to go after the right people do n't you think ? 
  not to mention that transparency in these areas is pretty fundamental and basic . 
   you can just e-mail their office and get a canned reaponse on how they voted on this , or anything else , often this sort of information is available through other channels as well . 
  so then what is the issue with having it available formally and publicly ? 
   do you do that ? 
  if not , i can tell you exactly who to be angry with on stuff like this . 
  i do that more often than at elections . . 
  it 's generally a good idea , if you intend to present a view , or lobby for a particular outcome , to do it before the key votes , not afterwards . 
  although knowing how people voted , and knowing rapidly after a vote are incredibly useful too , it means that the people making the decisions feel accountable . . 
  to be fair , the uk and ireland both are n't part of the eu visa system , so that 's the largest single bloc dealt with , france would be a major issue though . 
  i 'd assume that the us would simply remove visa waiver access for specific countries depending on what the us priorities were though , and negotiate a temporary bilateral agreement with some eu members who are in the eu system ( because countries can still issue visas for their own countries . . ) . 
  taking a note of whose hands are up at what point is also important if you are talking about holding politicians to account too though . . who do i get upset about if i am unhappy with this ? 
  who do i say thank you too if i like the decision ? 
  when someone says ` ah the eu did x , or the eu did n't do x ' how do i say , it was n't the eu , it was this group of politicians etc. . ? 
   s. also , am i biased or are the redditors from the uk a little bitter about proud europeans standing together ? 
  i think the uk just has a very different notion of what is sensible when it comes to managing visas and your own territories in terms of visitors etc. . 
  the uk is n't part of schengen obviously , and lots of people have reasonably serious concerns about pooling control of border arrangements , at least in part because they do n't see the eu as necessarily acting in their interests in these matters . 
  it 's also slightly odd to imagine some other government managing your visa system , cooperation is one thing , handing it off is a bit more than that . 
  some of that obviously comes from being an island and so schengen not really making a lot of sense one way or another ( because a brief passport check is hardly a major barrier in that context , when compared to someone in say , germany , who might cross a birder 6x a day as a matter of routine ) . 
   if you sign an trade deal with the eu , you ca n't reject products from certain countries . 
  you may want to look at the annexes and reservations in deals like ceta , there are country and even region specific aspects to the agreements that the eu makes with other countries , you might have a trade deal with the eu that absolutely allows you to reject certain products or services from certain countries , and indeed that allows certain parts of the eu to block or limit ( or simply regulate differently ) imports too . 
   the other problem is that considering only state aid punishes low tax countries whose citizens donate money to charity . 
  it does and it does n't , the point is that if you are measuring state aid , including charitable donations is a bit daft , and as a measure , charitable donations are problematic anyway . 
  charitable donations for foreign countries will tend to include significant domestic spending ( admin , salaries , logistics , advertising etc. . ) and measuring how much charitable spending actually goes abroad can be hard . 
  add in that a lot of that would n't be considered humanitarian aid in the first place and it gets even more messy . 
  you also have issues around charities often being multinational too . 
  to put it in the context of defence , we do n't add in private arms sales , karate lessons or the sale of camouflage jackets into our defence budgets even if they might under some circumstances , and to varying degrees , be beneficial to national defence . . 
  if this were about charity spending then fine , but it is n't its about state aid , and we do have a target for that . 
  the us ( which by the way ins ' t significantly low tax ... ) does n't meet that target any more than germany or italy , but whether they have more or less private charity involvement should n't really be seen as a mitigating factor . . 
  the target for oda/gni target that countries are supposed to be aiming for is 0.7 % , many are n't hitting that target , the us is way down at around 0.2 % but quite a few eu members are n't doing much better ( and some are doing worse . . ) . 
  this , if anything is another indication that countries are n't living up to the commitments that they have made . 
  even broadly for humanitarian aid , and if you included domestic spending on aid related elements ( like refugees ) most eu member states do n't get close to meeting their commitments . . now again , i 'd argue that the us is worse still ( attaching strings to aid , trying to point at military aid that is more akin to a domestic subsidy , as humanitarian aid , even where it is going to states that would normally be donors of aid rather than recipients . . ) and of course conflating charity giving ( much of which again , is either strings attached , or targeted towards all sorts of non-humanitarian aspects , like religious evangelism . . ) with state humanitarian aid . . now i 'd argue that with this , as with defence , impact is more important than an arbitrary target , but still , when you set a target and miss it that 's a bad starting point . 
  it 's probably also worth pointing out that military spending deficits are n't made up by development aid spending , or vice-versa either , it 's not as though germany ( who is missing it 's nato spending target ) is spending the difference on humanitarian aid ( in fact it is missing both targets . . ) although some other eu/nato states are meeting both at the moment , and some are pushing quite hard ( like estonia . . ) to bring up both to the target levels . 
  the grouping of aid into ` the eu ' is a bit disingenuous all in , given the vary variable approaches of aid spending , sure it paints the us in a bad light , but the reason that the eu is so high is less because it is making a unified effort and more because some member states , notably sweden , denmark , the netherlands and the uk are spending at or above their target rates ( and would seem to make up more than half of aid represented by the $ 74bn figure ) . 
   in a way we should be thankful to the uk going to ese what life is really like on the other side to be fair , the uk is a large economy , has solid military capabilities , was n't in schengen or the euro and so on , the uk doing well upon leaving the eu is hardly an indication that others would n't face more challenges . 
  the point remains that you 'd have to bring along current eu members if you intend to make changes to the fundamental functioning of the union , that gives current members , including the ee far more control than it had in 2000 . 
  current eu members will have much more of a say though , without their consent ( and likely unanimous consent , since you are talking about treaty changes ) this ca n't happen in the context of the eu as it is . . 
  both !, 
  ( not my headline . . ), 
  to be fair , would n't you expect a lot of french political coverage to be in french ? 
  it helps massively if you can look at local source reporting , that generally means working through foreign language stuff , even if it is only to corroborate what is out there in english . . and yeah , that can get problematic and it 's a bit complicated , but it helps , i make do with english , french and german and i 'm aware there are gaps ( especially with spain ) in my very general understanding of politics across europe , how anyone would think that they can get an in depth view of the french presidential election without looking at french language reporting is beyond me . . 
  the point would be that the uk accepts eu regulations on its trade to the eu and the eu accepts uk regulations on its trade to the uk , as with any other trade . . as a bonus the two regulatory regimes will start out very close together . 
  i 'd assume that the ` anti-globalization brexitters ' are n't too interested in free trade at all . . then again , i 'd also find it difficult to quantify how many of those that voted leave are anti-globalisation , and how many simply do n't see the uk 's future in the eu . . 
  it 's not as though the eu is anti-protectionist generally , or indeed particularly globalist in its outlook as a bloc ( in this , much like everything else , it seems split . . ) . 
  absolutely ... 
  worst possible time for labour to implode and they are managing to do it on a scale never seen before . 
  it 's impressive really . 
   the eu/ecb will find ways of repatriating euro business to the eurozone . 
  the problem that the eu/ecb will face , if they try to geographically restrict where euro business can be carried out ( for tax purposes or anything else . . ) , is that people will see the euro as less attractive , or simply create less restrictive secondary markets . 
   i somewhat agree with you but farage was a big reason for ukip 's scuess and it ca n't be understated .
