  i honestly think that had the government spelled out a pro-eu position , it 'd have lost votes . 
  instead it tried to gain votes by positioning itself on a less integration , more trade , status-quoesque platform . 
   a ) i do n't agree . 
  you might not , but it 's clearly more complex to work with an organisation ( from the outside . . ) that is made up of 27 + member states with their own priorities , where there are absolutely issues with small members ( quite rightly from an internal perspective ) protecting their interests within the group . 
  the eu can less easily dismiss a specific regions concerns for the benefit of the whole . 
  that 's good in an eu context , but it is one of the issues the eu faces . 
   i think us leaving will make it restructure and it 's hard to know what that will look like . 
  i think it will try , but i do n't know whether the end result will be fit for purpose ( lets see what happens with the eruozone reforms and the issues around defence . . ) or a political compromise that continues to create a national/eu split and fails to really bring europeans together . . 
  still waiting for driverless trains in the uk . . 
   if wanting brexit to fail starts becoming a majority opinion in the eu , then obviously the uk will start trying to ensure that the eu fails . 
  it will be interesting to see if the eu and uk can both coexist prosperously or not . 
  and this has to be avoided , it 'd be a good way to turn a project that has helped continental power set aside their differences to turn into a catalyst that highlights those differences and causes tensions . 
  the eu failing outright after the uk has left is unlikely , but if it does it 'd be pretty terrible . 
  the only way that the uk leaving can become a positive spur for institutional change , and create real european unity within the citizens of eu states , is if both sides succeed and prosper . 
  eu member states have to see membership as voluntary and in their interests , not as something they have to have to avoid the wrath of an ` external ' grouping . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  the issue is how changeable the eu appears to be to normal citizens ( something that actually probably comes down to how eu member states act domestically vs how they act within the eu . . ) and how much influence both eu citizens and the eu parliament has on the actual future of the eu . 
  if you happen to believe that change in the direction you want is not possible , or very unlikely , then suddenly the argument that being outside is better than being inside does make sense . 
  defence capacity , intelligence sharing , foreign policy clout , sanity in some areas of regulation , being another pole for some countries with views different to the majority of the core to use to help shift the eu in a unified ( if slightly different than some wanted ) course ... that said , for much of that ( bar the political and regulatory ) i doubt the uk will become an unreliable partner unless something massively shifts . 
   my guess is the pro united states of europe group ( including me ) is growing ( young ) and the anti-eu rule britannia group is shrinking ( old ) . 
  i actually do n't think that 's entirely the case . 
  i think the pro-use is very much on the fringe with support relatively flat , even amongst younger people in the uk , there is very little support for close eu integration and whilst there tend to be more fringe views amongst particular demographics , i think it balances out by that being across the spectrum ( not necessarily a good thing , extreme nationalism , extreme anti-immigrant positions and so on seem to have larger followings in the under 30 's than in the over 60 's for example . . ) . 
   and the anti-eu rule britannia group is shrinking ( old ) . 
  probably more likely , but i think the consensus position is still one closer to a somewhat eurosceptic position ( albeit a ` it 's not great but we are better in than out ... ) than an outright positive one . 
  people are still , across most age groups , anti-euro , opposed to things like european armies and a european superstate . 
  the referendum sort of reflected that , there was almost no focus on the eu being great , and is n't it great that we are part of it , but more of a focus on it not being terrible and that it gives us some economic benefits , and ` anyway , we can opt out of the other stuff that most people do n't like . . ' . 
   but i 've just not seen any good data about break down of opinions beyond `` der good '' or `` der bad '' . 
  which is annoying as it 's where we need to be now . 
  i voted leave , but i do n't have an issue with immigration , yet it seems that even a lot of remain voters do . 
  so lets have that immigration debate ( rather than ignoring it for years and blaming the eu . . ) , lets talk about what we want in terms of ties with our neighbours and indeed whether we are interested in close cooperation on science and research , on space , on intelligence etc. . 
  if we do n't have the discussion now and we get it wrong its going to be a pain in the arse to change things around again later , if for no other reason than the eu is pretty ungainly and hard to work with given its size and current structure . 
  indeed , the principle of statutory superiority is essentially the basis of that , although there are some interesting other examples , like the iraq war vote ( the first time we saw a vote , that may or may not have had an impact on the use of a prerogative power ... ) and of course this . 
  arguably its even more complex than that , the remain side also breaks down into people who want to reform the eu ( in a variety of different ways ) and people who are happy with the status quo . 
  essentially it 's an issue with a huge number of different views , from those who want to see the eu fail entirely to those who want to see the eu as a state and a lot in between . 
  that said , i think the number of people who support further integration in the eu is a small minority in the uk . 
  essentially both the hardcore leave and remain positions were supported by a much larger group of people who are far less pro/anti-eu than the remainer/brexiteer division presents . 
   but did n't may say in her recent speech that she 's going to include all eu laws in the british law to ensure stability , and then in time amend and eliminate what does n't fit the uk ? 
  sort of , the idea as i understand it is to incorporate lots of eu law into uk law until there is a need for a change ( so that gives both a bit of parity , which the eu will like , continuity , which people and business in the uk will like , and the opportunity to change it later , which lots of people will like . . ) , but given that 'll require a lot of primary and secondary legislation , not to mention a huge update of lots of other ancillary bits , it will need debate . 
  i 'd also be willing to bet that there will be some changes straight off the bat , especially on issues that have little impact on the uk ( and there will be a slew of bits that simply are n't applicable . . ) . 
  the repeal bill is going to be massive , even in its simplest form and there will be a lot of scope for movement . 
  in reverse order :  article 50 is still going ahead is my take away from this article , is that correct ? 
  almost certainly yes , the difference will be that there is a requirement for parliament to allow the government to do so . 
  that means the normal ( although in this case likely much faster than you 'd normally see ) process for legislating has to be gone through first . 
  it does n't change the timetable or that article 50 will be triggered ( based on all the information available ) . 
   and what does absolutely sovereign mean ? 
  essentially that parliament can do mostly whatever it wants ( although there are still areas where royal prerogative , exercised through government ministers is applicable . . ) . 
  it is the ultimate authority unbound by anything else . 
  the question in this court case was broadly around whether the government could trigger article 50 and begin a process that would require parliament to push through anyway ( but bind parliament to dealing with it ) or whether ( in addition to the various votes that authorised the referendum and since ) that power sat with parliament . 
  the court rules that it was a power that sat with parliament . 
  there was a secondary question about the role of the devolved parliaments and assemblies , but that is n't terribly relevant here now . 
   why would may try to circumvent them ? 
  it would arguably simplify the governments job and change when parliament could get involved in the process ( essentially just before or after article 50 . . ) . 
  its a bit of a misnomer to argue that she was trying to circumvent parliament , the question that went to the court was a reasonable one ( and both arguments had merit . . ) , indeed you could go as far as to say that this may create some interesting issues in future , but i guess we 'll see . 
  anyway , the situation now is that the government will introduce a bill , it will likely pass through parliament quite quickly ( with or without changes , depending on what it ends up saying , and how hard the various parties push for amendments ) and then the uk will begin the exit process . 
  parliament would of course have a massive role to play over the next few years in any case , the uk is going to be doing rather a lot of legislating . . 
   i ca n't wait to hear who is the enemy of the people today from media today . 
  yeah , there are going to be a lot of people who do n't really understand what this case was about getting very upset with the courts for making a decision that is in line with the law , and then getting upset with the group that brought the case and then getting upset with whomever else they decide is causing issues . 
  to a certain extent , it 'd be good for the government to move very quickly so this does n't create another round of screaming , but we 'll see . 
  quite sensible really , the interesting bit now will be how quickly the government moves to legislate . 
  no , the subs are developed and made in the uk , the warheads are produced and designed in the uk , the missiles are leased from the us ( we use a shared pool of missiles ... ) . 
  its also worth noting that the us and uk share nuclear material and technology bilaterally , and that the uk is the only country that supplies parts for us missile submarines . 
  i did n't suggest it 's without consequences , in fact i pointed out exactly the opposite . 
  it 'd be incredibly stupid for a country to try this , especially with a currency union , but it 'd be almost impossible to stop ( and it 'd incur a cost on every other member of the currency union , and create instability ) . 
  broadly , that 's why the eurozone needs to see some serious reform , preferably outside of the context of the eu more broadly ( because otherwise there are some reasonably serious issues between non-eurozone eu members and eurozone-eu members . . ) . 
   do you believe that countries can just sign contracts and then just walk away ? 
  the thing with countries is that they can do whatever they want , there is no effective way to force a country to actively do something . 
  the problem for countries that do that is that they are seen as unstable and unreasonable and will face other issues ( around trade , borrowing and potentially court cases when they are party to another body that is somehow relevant ) . 
  that said , if an eurozone country decided tomorrow that it was leaving the eurozone , issued its own currency and stopped accepting euro 's for tax payments etc. . then there is n't a whole lot anyone could do to reverse that . 
  it 'd be incredibly stupid to do it of course . . 
  spending is an awful metric , capabilities are key , that includes troop numbers , training , and equipment . 
  you ca n't ` buy ' a decent military , you have to build it ( and yes , spend money doing it . . ) . 
  when you look at spending , you are going to be including costs on projects that were never delivered , maintenance of things that are broadly irrelevant to war fighting capabilities ( peace time expenditures ) and expensive ways to do something that can be done cheaply . . russia has a lot of capability for relatively little money , whilst the us arguably gets worse value for money ( but then spends enough to make that somewhat irrelevant ) . 
  however both have had a long period of spending and investment , which means both have a lot of depth . 
   what would those conditions be ? 
  do n't engage in criminal activities or something of the sorts ? 
  it 's a mix of things , broadly though member states can refuse someone entry on the grounds of public policy , public security or public health , although the individual concerned has to be a ` sufficiently serious and present threat to the fundamental interests of the state ' . 
  if you are in a country , you 'd lose your status as a worker under certain circumstances , mostly around losing your job ( but its a bit more complicated because seeking work under some conditions can be sufficient . . ) . 
  in short its complicated , but basically not working , being a student or being self sufficient , and then coming to the notice of the authorities would probably be relevant . 
  deportation after a jail sentence is also likely a thing , that might well lead to detention ( especially if there is an appeal . . ) . 
  broadly because your right to live and work in the uk is n't unconditional ( which some of the very anti-migration people seem to miss ) and because you can be removed from an eu country if you do n't meet the conditions for free movement even if you are a citizen of the eu . 
   the u.s. seems to be more religious , ironically , because it has no state religion . 
  it unleashes darwinian competition among religions , and the most persuasive win . 
  yup , i 've suggested before that the uk seems to have essentially relegated religion to something more akin to custom than faith , which means that the buildings , ceremonies and form are more important than actually believing anything in particular . 
  i agree with you , most people would , but he ( and every other us politician . . ) seems to have to present a particular image and message to religious communities , which in turn seem to have an incredible amount of sway . 
  very true , and i think elizabeth is hanging on until we 've cracked immortality , or we 've cracked it and she 's not telling anyone , so we may never see it again ... 
   that 's normal in a massive democracy . 
  public officials generally do and should take on the views/concerns of the populace . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with that . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that it is interesting that the us is by and large far more obviously religious in its public life while having a strict separation of church and state , on the other hand the uk , with no separation and an established church is almost a polar opposite . 
  religion seems to play a more active role in the us than in the uk , and i wonder if that is because of the separation , in the uk it has become essentially a cultural continuation rather than a matter of faith , the us on the other hand the faith aspect seems to have remained more important and informs positions on a range of issues including things like access to birth control and abortion . 
  oh right ... 
  we thought you were into that kind of thing now . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that quite a few us politicians are n't , but that does n't seem to stop religiosity , and religious themes playing a much larger part in the us politics than in places like the uk , even the level of lip-service given to a personal faith is significantly higher . 
  i honestly could n't tell you whether my mp is religious , of if he is , what religion he subscribes to , the same goes for pretty much all the major political figures in uk politics ( some notable exceptions being anne widdecombe and tony blair , although even for blair there was n't a religious flavour to labours election campaigns . . ) . 
  the problem , at least for now , is that there is a need for gas , and infrastructure . 
  some european countries are far less dependant than others , but most of them are net importers , i think the only exceptions are denmark and norway . 
  even the uk is an importer ( although given it 's location most of that does n't come from russia . . ) . 
  based on a quick look over what is there , it looks like the language across the site has been taken down a register ... that 's really odd . 
  would farage , john oliver and piers morgan count as help ? 
  well , when we get a new head of state that 's quite religious . .
