  i doubt the migrants would be deterred by private security guards . 
  i get the impression that brexit is being linked ( via farage if nothing else . . ) quite tightly to trump , so i could see that being interesting . . 
   i mean , they had to have some sort of mechanism to unify interests there . 
  indeed , although you 'd assume that mechanism was probably ` being a republic with a federal government and federal taxes ' ... to be clear , it would be relatively easy for the eu to organise itself in one of the many ways that makes this approach sensible , it could even create new structures that work to do the same . 
  the problem is that the outcome , regardless of structure or organisation , is essentially a unified country with a central government , and there is very little public support for that , indeed there seems to be a concerted effort to avoid calling for that explicitly and hope it happens as a by-product of everything else . 
  the us is a country , the eu is n't , the us has interests and foreign policy the eu has 28 of them ... 
  the us is not the eu and oddly enough that means there are very different arrangements in place , if the eu were ever to move toward a more federal structure it might make sense , at present , it 's unworkable . 
  whats probably worse is the continuation of the backward reasoning that is presented in the article : ' `` the idea of the eu army is a federalistic project that , in a similar way as the common currency , would help forcing the path to political integration '' ' or in other words , ` we 'll continue to put the cart before the horse , it 's worked really well in the past ' ... 
  the eu is n't in a position where it can reasonably manage armed forces and can project and protect common foreign interests . 
  if it were to press ahead with an ` army ' now , it will probably end up with something that is n't fit for purpose . 
  it 'd end up being a money saving exercise that shifts responsibility away from some participating nation states , does n't deliver the capability required and likely end up with a duplication of effort rather than a streamlining of it . 
  oh and if the shit hits the fan , it 'll end up being france , the uk , us and other nato partners that end up bailing the eu out ... 
  which is the same for all developed economies , in germany it 's 69.1 % , italy 74 % , france , 79.8 % , the us 77.6 % and so on . 
  but that does n't mean that manufacturing is n't important , in the uk its worth # 140bn to the economy , is responsible for 2.6 m jobs , # 12bn in r&d and so on . 
  the uk and france both currently have immigration detention , there have been rulings on the detention of migrants and broadly it has been deemed acceptable to prevent unlawful immigration . 
  the caveat is usually that the state involved has to comply with their international obligations , so very specifically their obligations toward refugees , but again , both the uk and france have rigorous asylum processes , and rejections can and do lead to detention and deportation . 
  the point here is that france could detain these individuals , if at that point they claim asylum , they could process the claims . 
  there is n't a legal barrier to that happening , there appears to be a lack of political will , a lack of resources ... 
  there are already uk customs posts in calais ... 
  and 69 % of the german economy is in the service sector , 79 % of the french economy and 74 % of the italian economy . 
  the service sector includes everything from banking to restaurants , services are a significant portion of the economy of every developed economy . 
  as to the uks position in global finance , that is a global position and one that eu countries take advantage of , easy access to uk financial markets is a benefit to those who are looking for financial services , and these are n't markets that are easily moved or easily replicated . 
  there may well be issues , but it depends heavily o what is negotiated with the eu and i am willing to bet that the compromise there will be one that balances the uk 's ability to offer services in eu countries with eu access to services in london . . 
  the roads in luxembourg are rather wonderful though , especially noticeable if you enter from belgium ... 
  access to rather than membership of , there will be negotiations about what that means and what compromises are made in both directions ... 
  i doubt very much that the eu or the uk will end up with a deal that includes free movement or single market membership , but something in between . 
   the state is held to have no religion which might apply in countries where there is hard separation of church and state . . 
  the uk does n't have that , it does have legislation protecting religious freedom and relatively low levels of actual religiosity ( lower if you look at practice rather than identification ) . 
  but there is an established church , the head of state is the head of the church and there is crossover between the official religion and the state on a number of issues . 
  what you are talking about is the appearance of neutrality rather than the practice of it , and frankly i think the uk does a better job in this area than countries with ` harder ' separation of church and state . 
  the uk does n't have separation of church and state and is a functional democracy . 
  the uk does n't have separation of church and state and is a functional democracy . 
  superb retort on your part ... 
  but to sum up , scepticism of the eu has been alive and well within major uk parties for a long time , it has existed within the left and right , it has popular support , it is n't dependant on foreign support nor does it require manipulation . 
  the idea that the uk should leave the eu has waxed and waned over time but to be clear , the high water mark was n't at the referendum . . 
  there is little support , even from those who voted to remain in the eu , for the eu as a political project . 
  if you look at the remain campaign you can see that even the pro-eu group ( which is a very broad church . . ) included large numbers of people who wanted to remain in the eu , but with a much loser union . . again , that is n't because of manipulation or foreign money . 
  if you consider for a moment that the us was keen for the uk to remain and made some fairly overt overtures in that direction ( as did many others ) it becomes pretty obvious that the issue is not one of a manipulated and decieved population , but simply that quite a lot of people in the uk do n't see their future in the eu . 
  and that 's fine . 
  it does n't mean giving up on ` the west ' it does n't have an impact on the uks commitments to nato , or its actions on the unsc or as part of the anti-piracy efforts . . 
  it does n't suggest a pro-russian swing , or really an anti-eu one . 
  i 'd wager that most people ( some ukipers aside perhaps . . ) would wish the eu well , they just do n't really want to be a part of it . . 
   / u/ajehals did uk join eu ? 
  so what did your `` anti-eu '' sentiment acheive last 60 years ? 
  nothing . 
  you can find `` anti '' on about any possible subject in a country . 
  anti-abortion , anti-democraty , anti-royalty , anti-whatever . 
  does n't mean that they matter , they acheive nothing . 
  until , they get the money & means to spread their idea . 
  until you have to dumb referendum pushed by the avidity of the governing class . 
  the point to note there is that eurscepticism was n't a fringe issue even when the uk was voting to join the ec , or the ` common market referendum ' it was pretty divided . 
  oddly it 's an issue that has brought together people from the left and the right and it led to the referendum . . 
  the idea that it was some niche issue until putin funded it is absurd . 
   russia does n't want to be ally with you . 
  their goal is that you are not allied with us . 
  divide to reign . 
  but the uk is allied with other eu countries , that is n't changing . . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , not leaving nato or generally changing its foreign policy postures toward russia or indeed its allies . 
   and i 'm one of them . 
  super , so was that because putin manipulated you or some other reason ? 
   i was quiet fed up of your shit . 
  ` your shit ' being what exactly ? 
  the uk tried for quite a long time to have its eu membership work for it the way it wanted , it could n't so it left . . that seems quite responsible and sensible . .  still , i recognize it 's frightening than `` educated '' population can be manipulated and toy with so easily . 
  they were n't , the only people who think so are those who ca n't see the arguments for leaving the eu and failed to notice the climate in the uk over quite a long time . . 
   putin finance all anti-euro party in europe . 
  anti-eu sentiment has been around longer than putin has , it exists in the uk on the left and the right , it has media support from quarters that are normally hostile to putin ... 
  if you think brexit was because of putin , you are either wilfully ignoring the feeling in the uk or ignorant of it . 
   uk making brexit win is a bit like if you instaled putin at the 10 downing street no , it really is n't . 
  the uk and russia have always had a mixed relationship , and a broken one since wwii . 
  that is n't going to change because the uk leaves the eu , it might change if the uk and russia find common ground and build some trust , but it 'll take time ( and would happen regardless of whether the uk was in or out of the eu ) . 
  the uk is in nato , there are uk troops and aircraft in eastern europe , germany and elsewhere , the uk has been pretty clear on its commitments to the security of europe . 
  that is n't going to change , and it is n't because of the eu either . 
  i 'm sure putin was pleased with the uk deciding to leave the eu , but then so are quite a large number of brits , and quite a few other people around the world . 
  in the grand scheme of things though , it is about what is good for the uk , and what putin might prefer is not and has never been a good argument for eu membership . 
  leave the eu , not cut ties . . and having semi-decent relationships with other countries is better than the alternative . 
  you make it sound like the uk is about to join a russian union . . 
   it is amusing to always see brits trying to strip down the argument . 
  not entirely sure what you mean by this . 
  the uk , upon leaving the eu likely wo n't be joining an existing agreement , it will be negotiating a new one . 
  that means there is n't a model that will apply , but a set of conditions negotiated in both directions . 
   `` lets just talk trade '' , sure trade it is ( what model : efta / mercosur / asean / nafta ) . 
  whatever works best for the uk and eu . 
  about the only thing we can be sure about is that it wo n't look like efta , mercosur , asean or nafta , they are all regional , multimember free trade blocs . 
  the uk will presumably be looking for a eu/uk bilateral agreement that will cover trade , and whatever other aspects the uk and eu can agree on ( which could cover extradition , counter terrorism , environmental policy and anything else that looks reasonable to include ) . 
   fta sounds just abour right , again no passporting , and harmonisation only for goods . 
  well . . 
  i doubt you 'll see harmonisation , and you could well see passporting . 
  its not clear at this point what would be included after all . . 
   it 's not so much delusion as politicians using the eu as a scapegoat and never telling the truth about it either it 's positives or it 's negatives that and things like policy shopping and competency creep . 
  when something is domestically unpopular , pushing it at the eu level instead is a bit shit , using a set of competencies to do one thing when they are supposed to be there for something else is always going to be a problem . 
  yes people blame the eu , but it is because the eu is build in such a way that it is responsible for some pretty daft things . . 
   the point about the eu clearly was to be more than just a club of member states seeking some common ground to gain from . 
  in my view such a thing is always doomed to fail , but the british ( and others , but the uk are the strongest about this ) have always insisted to keep it that way , and it got that way . 
  it was all peachy when times were good in the '90s and early ' 00s but fails when the fat years are over . 
  and of course that is how it has always been sold in the uk , including during the referendum . 
  you ca n't expect the uk , and uk voters to suddenly agree to the eu being something more , specifically a route to something that looks like a very integrated bloc , or federal union or similar when they were n't even entirely on board with the previous notion . 
  the eu could have worked as a club of members working together to further their interests , it is n't because of the slightly odd and piecemeal pushes for it to be something else . 
  it is n't failing because it did n't integrate enough , but it will fail if it tries to be something that people do n't support . 
   you do realize that this will be mostly the uk 's cherries being picked seeing as they will be in a very weak negotiating position no matter how you put it ? 
  no , i do n't think so .
