  some of the time ( like on traingate , or indeed the eu referendum ) it 's because there is a perception that his support of an idea does more harm than good to the arguments . . 
  it 's also worth noting that support for a referendum came from a broad group of people , not just those who wanted to leave . 
  the question being asked was almost as important as the referendum answer . 
  there was , prior to the referendum at least , very little chance for anyone to put forward a view on eu membership or even the direction of the uk 's eu membership in the context of uk national politics . 
  you could vote ukip if you did n't like the eu , but beyond that every other party broadly supported eu membership in some vague way . 
  that essentially meant that if you did n't want the uk in the eu , but prioritised education , the economy , welfare , health , defence , education or any one of a thousand other issues that ukip are shite on , you could n't signal anything other than happiness with the status quo in a general election . . not sure about you , but eu membership has never been the most important issue for me , and i doubt i would have voted ukip under any circumstances given their positions on a while slew of things , not to mention the types of people they stood where i could vote . . 
   as the uk 's only land border with the eu is with ireland , there is going to have to be a border to process immigrants . 
  i do n't see how that is n't obvious . 
  no , that is n't obvious ... 
  currently the uk and ireland cooperate on visas , neither is part of schengen but have an open border between them . 
  both maintain controls of issuing visitor visas as it is . 
  the uk could , and likely will offer visa free travel to eu nationals , that means the situation between the uk and ireland could remain broadly as it is , without the need for a visa . 
  given the rights irish nationals enjoy in the uk there is n't really a concern about migration from ireland into the uk . 
  indeed the only way we could see a problem that the uk might have to address , would be if there were a sudden influx of migrants entering ireland and then travelling to the uk to live and work illegally . 
  but that does n't seem likely and could be dealt with as it normally is , at ports and airports . . 
  the people that have an issue with eu migration are concerned about the fact that eu nationals can legally live and work in the uk on arrival without any limitations , managing a small number of illegal migrants entering the uk via ireland would be a different issue ( and frankly probably not as much of an issue as existing avenues to illegal entry or overstaying in the uk . . ) . 
  so no , there is no real requirement for the uk to put a border in place with ireland , even if ( as seems likely ) the uk does not allow freedom of movement of eu nationals . 
   by the way , this is n't some sort of joke . 
  there will be war if the border goes up . 
  there might well be , but i ca n't see the uk or ireland putting a border in place , and i ca n't see the eu being in a position to force ireland to do so . 
  so the end result will either be sensibly negotiated and we 'll have no border , or the eu and ireland will essentially ignore the problem and there will still be no border . 
  it 's not as though the uk would decide to put a border in unilaterally and i ca n't see the irish government going for it even under pressure . 
  the idea ( at least as i understand it ) is to try to make sure that there is n't discrimination , it means you can track whether one group or another is seeing worse results than others , which means you can then look at the issues that might cause that . 
  it 's also generally something that has a disclaimer above saying that it 's up to you if you want to fill it out . 
  most things , like job interviews , schools , university applications etc. . have it attached . 
  for anything selective it means you can actually ask the question about why x is selecting fewer people from y background than say w background . 
  it 's also where many of the stats around employment and education of minority groups comes from . 
  whether it works is a different question , as is whether it needs anything like that level of detail . . 
   he wanted nukes that can pierce anti-missile american shield . 
  to be fair , he 's got nukes that can pierce the us missile shield . . 
  so that 's some reasonably good news for deutsche ( well , relatively anyway . . ) . . 
   we shall see . 
  we shall indeed . 
   no , the difference between the status of hk , gibraltar , eu to be fair , whilst you can absolutely draw comparisons between hk and gibraltar ( and point at the lack of a referendum for returning everything bar the new territories to china ) , it 's not really credibly to put the eu in the same grouping because it simply is n't a country , independence from the eu is a total misnomer , the uk has always been independent from the eu after all . . 
   i think you are getting bogged down in semantics . 
  the semantics in question being the difference between self determination ( where people want something to happen ) and being forced against a determination that they made ( as you suggest with gibraltar ) ? 
  i 'd argue that 's pretty important . 
   as for the will of the gibraltarians - quite frankly , i do n't give a monkey . 
  that 's up to you , but i get the impression that the uk government does and will continue to do so and no-one is really in a position to change that , apart from gibraltarians . . 
   i 'd put up with it , like i have to put up with brexit . 
  with the uk leaving the eu you are in a minority there was a vote and obviously , the eu is n't a country so it 's not comparable in the first place . 
  if however remain had won the vote and the government had pushed the uk to leave it might be close . . with places like gibraltar , being ` handed over ' to spain is n't a minority view , its a practically non-existent view . 
  it 's also not comparable with things like hong kong ( where there were issues with large areas being ` leased ' and mixed public opinion - i lived there in 1997 . . and hk being a colony . . ) . 
  i 'd also disagree that it is just a matter of time before the uk hands over gibraltar , i ca n't see it happening at all unless something changes significantly in gibraltar or with spain . 
   there are a lot of remainers who would like to stay with the eu . 
  there are a lot of n.irish who would like to be with ireland . 
  there are lots of scottish who would like to be independent . 
  you do n't always get what you want . 
  if a majority of uk voters had wanted to remain , the uk would remain in the uk , if a majority of those in northern ireland wanted a united ireland ( and ireland agreed ... ) ireland would be united , if a majority in scotland wanted independence , there would be an independent scotland . . and rightly so . 
  why is it that all of those people ( and the many other people who , over the years have decided how they want to be governed ) see their views respected , but people like those in gibraltar now do n't and have something imposed on them for what seems to amount to neatness 's sake ? 
   gibraltarians could carry on with their lives , but paying taxes to a different government , or they can go and live `` with their people '' . 
  that 's enough choice . 
  happily this is n't going to happen , but i do wonder whether you 'd be happy with the choice you are suggesting if it applied to you . . 
   gibraltarians can be offered dual spanish / british citizenship and then they can do what they want except live where they do now under the same arrangements they have now . . 
  it does n't really make a lot of sense to simply hand land to one country or another because it is neater , if the people that live there do n't want a change in governance . 
  i mean the idea that france or spain should hand over well governed and administrated areas to neighbouring countries for the sheer hell of it seems a bit daft does n't it ? 
  i do n't see why it is n't ` right ' though . .  the mediterranean to the mediterraneans . 
  but we just discount the people that live in gibraltar ? 
  do we hand ceuta and melilla back to the countries around them too ? 
  same with french departments overseas ? 
  what about the falklands , does that go to argentina by default ? 
  surely the geography is less important than the people living in these places . 
  it is sorted out . . 
  it 's a bit like saying that we need to sort out luxembourg or lichtenstein because they 'd fit nicely into another country . . 
   are you saying that education should n't be factored into the results when you are talking about a decision of this scale ? 
  i think the argument would be more that education ca n't be substituted for intelligence when you are looking across generations . 
  university access and indeed access to post secondary education has increased significantly over the last 20 years , in short if you took a group of people under 30 and a group of people over 30 , the over 30 's would contain fewer university graduates when compared to the under 30 's that skew continues up the age range . 
  to put it another way , young people were more likely to vote remain , those with degrees were more likely to vote for remain , young people are also more likely to have degrees . 
  it 's more of a narrative on the changes in uk education than the intelligence of voters . 
  it 'll be fine , one in one out and all that . 
   so is how we live now going to be with those big concrete blocks on every celebration to stop truck jihadis ? 
  it 's always the little changes that seem to stick and do n't stand out until they go away , the uk is just starting to have bins near train stations again and it was n't that long ago that the notion of checking under my car in the morning was perfectly normal . 
   in plain sight ? 
  so he knows who they are ? 
  in plain sight , as in hiding amongst a large group that is very visible , but where it is hard to identify specific individuals . 
   why does he not come forward with names i 'd assume that the intelligence agencies would do exactly that , cooperate with other eu states ( as the uk does ) and carry out arrests and so on where appropriate , or intelligence gathering where it is n't . 
  he is n't going to announce a list of names for the obvious reasons ... 
  they seem to manage to take the piss out of the far left as much as the far right these days , i mean the corbyn ( which my autocorrect just tried to change to corncob ... ) jokes are as prevelant as the ukip jokes used to be , and then there was the long period of lib dem jokes ( who is nick clegg ? ), 
  the piss taking out of miliband , the cameron pig stuff and the ongoing , usually very much self inflicted sniping at tories and so on ... 
  yes , comedians seem to be more left wing , but that 's true on channel 4 and almost everywhere else too . . 
  the notion that the left do n't get the piss taken out of them is pretty daft . 
  its mismanagement rather than a lack of spending sadly , although to a certain extent it 's also just about justifiable , there is n't much call for using the weapons at present nor a threat that makes it likely they 'd be needed and there are other capabilities that mitigate the lack of missiles , and of course the new weapons are on their way in . . 
   no , they do n't , that 's a lie . 
  they mostly do , although i 'd agree that most of the comedians on most of the political satire shows out there are left leaning and tend to go after the right a bit more . .  you 'll never hear `` open borders '' nutters or other leftist ideologies mocked . 
  you 'll nevr see satire about the contradiction of calling anyone anti-immigration a whatever-phobe when massive amounts of immigrants are intolerant bigots . 
  you 'll see the hard left mocked though and frankly the open borders people are such a minority that they are broadly beneath ridicule anyway . .  the bbc is a leftist propaganda network that it is mandatory for british people who own tvs to fund . 
  oh dear god . . 
  the one thing i like best about the bbc is that it pisses off those on the right who see the left as insane and that it causes people on the left to think its a right wing conspiracy to paint them as such . . 
  the bbc is generally very , very good at what it does , yes the satire can be a bit one sided ( although far from entirely so ) it makes mistakes and so on , but i 'm not sure how unhinged you have to be to see it as a leftists propaganda network . . 
   i feel the old saying of `` an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure '' is relevant . 
  very often waiting to procure military equipment until you need it can be far more costly than acquiring equipment ahead of time . 
  i agree , and in that vein i 'd rather the uk were investing heavily in logistical support capacity and extending the life of existing offensive and defensive systems . 
  however the government has taken a different approach , which has been a capabilities upgrade coupled with a reduction in quantity ( and continuing the reliance on shared logistical capabilities , whether that is with france and the us , or indeed russia - the us does too by the way , it 's a nato programme - for large strategic airlift )  for example ( and excuse me for invoking godwin 's law by proxy but this example is somewhat relevant ) , during wwii , many british capital ships were inter-war or wwi holdovers in desperate need of refit or replacement . 
  in fact , much of the capital fleet were using the same bl 15 '' mk i rifles that they used at jutland . 
  nevertheless , the refitting procedure proceeded slowly because a ) it was an expensive process , and b ) there was n't a war on , so no pressing need for refits , right ? 
  well war came knocking anyway . 
  ships either went into battle without refit , or had the cost of their refits skyrocket . 
  replacement costs skyrocketed as well , which led to the lion-class of vessels being canceled completely except for hms vanguard , and due to costs and delays vanguard was not completed until 1946 , and at a standard below what was satisfactory for the time , being both slower than 30 knots and using those same bl 15 '' mk 1 mounts rather than the much more modern and powerful 16 '' guns she was supposed to have . 
  the argument there would be that the cost , even with the increases is far more justifiable given the need . 
  yes , the uk could spend less now than it would if it ran into a crisis , but currently the uk is still capable enough to deter any threat to its interests with its existing , and even reduced capacity .
