  now there have been some suggestions that the conservatives may push that as an issue in 2020 , but i do n't know how far they 'd get , even with a larger majority in the commons . . 
   as a final note , i would like to point out that things like human rights and government adherence to them should n't be taken for granted . 
  it should n't every right we have was hard fought and that fight does n't end when the rights are there . 
   there is a definitive move amongst the right to try and lessen such adherence , which is definitely not limited to the uk . 
  lets be clear that in terms of human rights , the uk has a very good domestic record , the eu has n't imposed a rights framework on the uk ( regardless of what some of the right wing press might suggest ) bur rather the uk has driven human rights policies . 
  the uk could , as a member of the eu , significantly reduce the rights and privileges that citizens currently have , but has n't , indeed in human rights terms , the uk has expanded protections not reduced them , and that includes areas where other eu members are lagging . 
   but , outside the eu , the uk is likely to become a forerunner in its race to the bottom in an attempt to ` save ' its economic position . 
  i seriously doubt it , there is very little economic benefit in cutting human rights in a developed economy at the best of times . 
  the uk is n't going to suddenly scrap protections for the sake of it . 
  the issues in terms of employment and welfare provision are and will remain issues that are purely driven by domestic politics , the cuts we have seen to welfare provision recently for example have come whilst the uk was in the eu , the expansion of welfare provision under the previous government occurred regardless of the eu . 
  when it comes to social rights expansions ( like say gay marriage ) , they have happened because of social and political pressure , not because of eu policy too . 
  the risk of deregulation and cutting of social , in-work and other welfare benefits is a domestic issue , that is where any race to the bottom is most possible ( if you draw the line from austerity through to reducing costs for businesses ) and one regulated by the political balance in the uk more than eu influence , that 's why broadly uk provision and rights are higher than the eu mandated minimums where they exist . 
  or to put it another way , the eu is n't the guarantor of rights in the uk or any other member state , people are , and if you do n't fight for those rights , there is no guarantee that the eu will step in to protect you , that 's your job . 
  you need to look at actual inflation in the uk though , not just at differences in currency values . 
  the pound dropping 20 % does n't ( and has n't . . ) resulted 20 % inflation by any measure because currency values are only one input into prices . . 
  it has cost importers and it has benefited exporters but consumer prices are n't rising much faster in the uk than they are in say , germany or the us - in fact inflation is lower in the uk than the us and similar to that in germany . 
  some people have said so , but i have n't seen anything from the eu as an organisation , or anyone in a position to push for a change . . 
  i suppose it is a possibly at some point , but right now i ca n't see the eu being in a position to make an exception , or the uk agreeing if they did . 
  i would also probably argue that it 's a core aspect of the single market because it does , frankly , make sense in that context . 
  if you can move jobs , workers should be able to move their labour too , if you can move your money and provide your services in another country , why ca n't i pack up and sell my labour in another country . . 
  the problem is that there has been a political consensus on eu membership for a long time , but not really a public one . 
  there has been enough apathy ( look at the ep elections . . ) for governments to basically do whatever they wanted and people would vote for them because their other issues outweighed anything to do with the eu . 
  that started to change a bit with ukip making a lot of noise , but also with the eu needing to push for integration . 
  it 's good that we had it , i think its the right result , but if we do n't learn some of the lessons of why our mps were essentially wrong footed , we 'll only see similar issues in the future . 
  and yeah , thank fuck for the irish . 
  given the article 50 notification today , i think you invited me to say i told you so , so . . 
  i told you so . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  just to say , i have kids , my other half was made redundant a while back and i absolutely have a stake in this country and an interest in making sure things turn out well . . 
  i also do n't have any major issues with freedom of movement , like europe and indeed the eu ( although prefer to see the uk outside of it . . ) . 
  the real challenge we face now is how this conservative government tries to shape both the exit , and the country afterwards . 
  if you asked me what the greatest threat we faced right now was , i would n't say the eu negotiations , or russia , isis , immigration or house prices , i 'd say that the lack of a really capable opposition in the face of a lot of potential political change is . 
  absolutely , but it is a broader issue than just on the eu . 
  if anything the referendum , being what it was , was a rare opportunity where people did feel like they could engage and make a real difference ( one of the reasons why it would have been very hard for the government not to carry it through . . ) , it 's not the norm though , and even there we had issues with participation . 
  the question is interesting :  respondents were given three options :  1 ) the eu should keep the uk as close as possible to the eu , even if that means making compromises on its core principles ;  2 ) the eu should try to maintain a good relationship with the uk but it should not make any compromise on core principles ; and  3 ) the eu should not compromise at all with the uk even if it damages the relationship . 
  given the uk is leaving the eu , the question of what compromising on its core principles actually means is pretty open to interpretation , quite a few people seem to point at the four freedoms as that core of the eu , others would go with the enumerated values of human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights ... 
  so depending on where you are leaning depends on where you 'd come out . 
  it would seem somewhat obvious that the uk ca n't be in the single market without the four freedoms , that seems clear enough and reasonable enough . 
  but the uk can be outside of the single market with whatever relationship the eu and uk negotiate without compromising on any of those four freedoms principles . 
  if we look at just the core principles it gets even easier , the uk does respect human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and have respect for human rights , that is n't likely to change so there is no compromise required there either . . 
  does anyone want to weigh in on what core principles they think an eu/uk deal would likely compromise ? 
  to be fair , its a discussion on a message board , not an academic rebuttal . 
  pretty much everything is easily verifiable where it is n't opinion . . 
  i was looking at the graduation and entry rates , and ignoring level 5 ( short-cycle tertiary education ) graduation because it does n't seem that relevant to university access . 
  so , different stats . . 
  the really sad part of that whole narrative is that it 's basically a massive extrapolation ignoring relevant factors , older people are more likely to vote , older people are also less likely to have a degree ( because of the changes we 've made to higher education . . ) , more people voted leave . . 
  yes more old people than young people voted leave on average ( although it gets pretty close in the middle , and not just at around pension age . . ) , and obviously a huge number of young , younger non-retired people voted leave . . all that said , i do wish immigration had been less of a driver , but that just seems like a common theme in uk politics these days , and sadly amongst way too many demographics . 
  the problem is that this does n't actually make a hell of a lot of sense as an argument . 
  the uk is relevant regardless of it 's eu membership , what eu membership brought was shared influence within the eu and influence on the direction of the eu to some degree . 
  if you look at the uk 's wider diplomatic and military interactions , as well as its non-eu alliances ( which include agreements with germany , france , the us , new zealand , canada , australia and a whole host of other nations at various levels ) , it is pretty clear that the uk punches well above its weight outside of an eu context , whilst the eu actually punches well below its weight . . now that last is because the eu does n't have a real common foreign policy , it lacks the capacity to back up such a policy and has no independent military capacity . 
  the member states supply that at times , and in some directions , but it is at the whim of individual members . 
  and lets not forget that the uk is a major economy , a major military power and very good at international relations generally . 
  we will lose some influence within the eu ( influence that was tempered by the way the eu works anyway ) but in the long term , especially if the eu does sort out its foreign policy objectives . . we will be better able to project and protect our interests globally outside of the eu than within , that 'll be especially true when the uk is able to handle its own trade again ( because it allows the uk to couple things like aid , diplomacy , trade and military issues together sensibly . . ) . 
  this is arguably a bigger issue than anything else we face at the moment , the perception that people do n't really have any say in how they are governed leads to disenfranchisement that allows governments to get away with far more than they should . 
  we need more people to vote , young , old whatever , and to be heard in between elections too . 
  not really an eu issue , but i think it 's really quite an important one . . 
   it may not be what they signed up for , but a 20 % devaluation of our currency is a sight worse than the odd turkish migrant . 
  to be fair , the pound has been devaluing steadily since 1973 , it was $ 2.5 to the pound at that point and as people keep pointing out , a drop in the value of sterling has a variety positive and negative consequences depending on who you are , and inflation is nowhere near 20 % so for most people , it 's not going to make a big difference . 
   the pound was the third most attractive reserve currency , after the dollar and euro , that was true most recently in 2013 , and it 's status bounces around a bit , it is hardly being dropped as a reserve currency . 
   longstanding companies are leaving no , not really . 
  a few companies whose primary market is the eu are moving , most companies are not , some are taking precautionary steps and ensuring their subsidiaries in eu countries are able to ensure they continue to have access to the eu market , but there is n't a headlong rush of business or investment out of the uk . 
   france and germany are panic-building huge startup collectives as international markets look to the continent france and germany are well behind in those areas , it 'd be great to see them catch up , but very little has changed . 
  the uk is still vastly more attractive if you are looking to start a business . 
   people are finding their shopping budget does n't cover their weekly shop . 
  food prices have been dropping until recently , now we are seeing inflation , but it is at the same rate as in germany . . 
  the same goes for wages ... 
  the issues around poverty and indeed inequality have little to do with the uk leaving the eu and everything to do with tory policy . .  i just do n't see why an ounce of critical thinking was an ounce too much . 
  the public , when asked to choose between the horror of hearing a polish accent and a permanent financial crippling , will forego a flawed ally in favour of an outright enemy . 
  except that people did think , perhaps not all of them , your issue seems to be that they came to a different conclusion to the one you reached . 
  there are a large number of valid reasons to vote to leave the eu , in much the same way that there were valid reasons to vote to remain . 
  and lets be clear , neither leaving nor remaining is crippling , or will lead us to a massively rich future . 
   what about my fucking kids ? 
  what about them ? 
  this is n't the end of the world , it is n't the end of the uk or the end of the eu . 
  there are opportunities and negatives on both sides . 
  your kids will grow up in a uk that is n't part of the eu , so what ? 
  it probably wo n't change their opportunities very much at all . 
  domestic politics will have a bigger impact than the eu ever could have . .  why does an aged generation with a decade 's wick in its candle get to choose how their future will look ? 
  they did n't , the whole country voted ... 
  the problem in the uk is at least partially a lack of property and no building coupled with people wanting to live somewhere , so it 's less a property bubble and more a supply issue that is in part , driving prices . 
  so the only way it the bubble deflates is if someone starts building houses at a much higher rate . 
  the only argument there would be about emboldening their own secessionist areas , but if scotland left via a recognised referendum and with the consent of the uk in general i doubt spain would have much of an issue . . not sure what the parents thoughts are though . 
  i doubt either spain or france would have much of an issue if scotland left the eu in a recognised referendum , i 'm not sure they 'd want a particularly looser set of acceptance criteria but beyond that there are n't really huge issues under those circumstances . 
   immigrants who did n't get vaccinated in their native country as kids i 'd sort of hope that as part of processing migrants , germany , france and other eu countries would include immunisation programmes . 
  in either case i do n't think germany has had enough migrants arrive to make that the only cause of being below the 95 % immunised population level , even if you count those that ca n't be immunised etc. . 
  it 'd be really quite interesting to see some more detail . 
  key point really :  most of the measles cases have been found in countries where immunisation has dipped below this [ 95 % ] threshold and the infection is endemic - france , germany , italy , poland , romania , switzerland and ukraine . 
  a bit of an odd cross section to be honest , i did n't get the impression that germany or switzerland had significant numbers of people not immunising their kids or themselves . . 
  politically it 'd be pretty disastrous and it would n't fix any of the issues that a huge number of people in the uk have ( who voted leave or remain . . ) . 
  but its not really a practical likelihood anyway , the polls have n't moved much and are n't likely to , you 'd have to have a massive swing in opinions and a huge amount of noise to actually get noticed , baring in mind that the next general election will happen after the uk has left the eu and that between now and then the government is pretty much going to be focused on both leaving and no doubt taking advantage of the opportunities that means politically , there is n't a lot of room for anything else . . 
  if the uk tried to use a `` look how close we were to leaving '' thing now they 'd get laughed at , some eu politicians still seem to think this is a bluff so i ca n't see it going the uk any favours . 
   one day we 'll welcome our scottish brothers back in the union , i 'm sure . 
  i would n't be so sure that even if scotland does decide on independence , that it 'd go for eu membership over eea membership or something closer to what norway has . 
  that 'd be especially true if the snp put it to a referendum . 
  the argument would be that if you entered the uk before a50 , you 'd be doing so with the expectation of being able to remain in the uk in much the same way as anyone moving to the uk in the last few decades have , if you entered the uk after a50 , you 'd know that the uk was leaving the eu and that your stay would be limited . 
  in short , it 's less about different rights , more about what conditions people made the decision to move to the uk under , and that likely will be a consideration in both directions . 
  i think that 'd be great , but it seems a little unlikely . 
   it 's not like they have a choice . 
  the uk has every choice available , its a case of balancing the outcomes and the costs . 
  the uk will likely pay something to the eu or find some other compromise , but i doubt they 'd do it in exchange for the possibility of a trade deal .
