  it 's salient that dealing with criminality is different from dealing with acts that are legal and can be positive or negative . 
  it means you have different considerations and a different responsible party ( the individual company or person for criminality , and the government for policy ) . 
   it 's very easy to say that you only want to get rid of the bad tax avoidance , but it 's not easy at all to make it any more concrete than that . 
  sort of , various countries have started adding descriptive rules to tax policy ( so they state why a rule is being implemented , so using it for something else is more obviously a breach of the rules ) so it becomes easier to determine impact and potential for abuse without having to go into massive detail . . 
  still , you have to start somewhere . 
   that is why it took me so long to figure out what your point was . 
  to be fair , my point was simple enough , you ca n't treat evasion and fraud like avoidance . 
  meh , i can live with both . . 
   i 'm not interested in debating tax policy with you . 
  i 'm just trying to get you to play fair . 
  i am playing fair , you are reducing this to an issue of semantics when it is n't , it 's about a difference in issues . 
  if you do n't want to engage in a debate about the issues , why bother getting upset about whether you like the way a particular term is being used , i may disagree about linking avoidance with evasion and fraud , but at least i 'm happy to discuss why , which would seem to be the whole point . . 
  so ... we should n't lump them together , especially when putting together headline numbers , or in terms of looking at how to tackle the issues they create . 
  even under the definition you put forward , in fact under any definition they are different and require different approaches . 
   someone said , `` tax avoidance is a bad thing and we should have less of it , '' and you went with , `` i ca n't believe you want to kill tax breaks for energy-efficient vehicles , why do you hate the planet ? '', 
  no , someone said that tax evasion , tax fraud and tax avoidance were morally equivalent . . that 's a bit different . 
   and you refuse to accept that when people say `` cat '' , they do n't really mean `` lion '' until they either quit or continue the conversation on your terms , which i ca n't imagine serves any purpose other than really lame trolling or some weird ego-boosting exercise . 
  whatever the case , it 's really transparent and really annoying . 
  except of course i 've also discussed the issues around avoidance with people and why those issues , and then the solutions are n't the same as those related to fraud or evasion . 
  this is really simple , people here are lumping three things together that have a negative impact ( or can have in the case of avoidance ) that need to be dealt with separately . 
  that 's not pedantry , that 's discussing the actual issues . . 
   you 're just being intellectually dishonest to make some contrived point about how `` tax avoidance '' is an imprecise term . 
  i 'm pointing out that they are different issues and require different approaches and that to a certain extent one is objective and one is subjective . 
  that is somewhat important do n't you think ? 
   you may argue that your definition is better or even the only right one and you would be potentially justified in doing so , but right now you 're just being wilfully obtuse . 
  i 'm not though am i. 
  the initial premise was that evasion , fraud and avoidance are the same ethically . 
  they are n't , people evasion and fraud are criminal , avoidance is n't , and it takes many forms , some that people here would agree with , some that they do n't . 
  if we start lumping them together , and taking ` avoidance ' to mean ` things that i do n't like about the tax system ' , we have a problem , because we are not talking about what those issues actually are and we are essentially throwing out a policy tool because governments sometimes do n't use it terribly well . 
  we need to separate these issues because they require different approaches to solve , we ca n't do that if we lump them together , or if we misunderstand what they actually are . 
   afford other people enough respect to engage with the substance of their arguments , even if you object to their wording . 
  otherwise you 're just wasting everyone 's time , including your own . 
  i am engaging with their arguments and not just one term though , the problem is the assumption that any tax benefit , credit or reduction is an abuse and that the scale of the issue is masked by not addressing the specificity . 
  you will note that i had a very productive conversation with / u/whyyoushouldcare that resulted in a far clearer and more reasoned conclusion than simply ` fuck tax avoidance ' , that is the point of having the discussion is n't it ? 
  if people think avoidance , evasion and fraud are pretty much the same thing we have a problem , because avoidance is useful to society and anyone that looks at tax incentives when making a decision . 
   but i still think it will only work if we work on all three issues at the same time . 
  so i think it is very good they name all of them in one breath . 
  we need to attack on those fronts at the national level , within the eu , and probably also abroad to the extent that we can manage . 
  with improved laws and new enforcement mechanisms we can do more to make everyone pay their fair share . 
  i hope that does n't lump them together too much for you . 
  to be honest i 'd actually like to see the legislative aspect of avoidance being dealt with first ( either through simplification or simply a review . . ) , that way you would hopefully improve the success rate of your enforcement agencies when it comes to evasion and fraud , although that might throw up other issues around dealing with ` legacy ' offences in the previous system . 
   i hope that does n't lump them together too much for you . 
  no it does n't , it separates two distinct issues as things that require different solutions quite nicely . 
   the `` bad '' avoidance is easily understood as `` respecting the letter of the law but not the intent '' even though legally it 's quite hard to define it 's not even that easily understood and someones view on a particular policy will change how people say it ( tax relief on investment ? 
  giveaway to the bankers , tax relief on mortgages , giveaway to homeowners etc. . ) . 
  there are some aspects that are more universal ( like arrangements where you are legally offshoring profits . . ) but the point is that avoidance covers a huge range of things , if you include it in a figure , you 'd better specify what is included . . 
  no i 'm not , i 'm pointing out that not all avoidance is problematic and a lot of it is intended , not something that we need to be concerned about . 
  lumping it together with evasion and fraud is where you get problems . 
   claiming deductions and tax credits as envisioned by the lawmaker is not what would be considered tax avoidance in the context of this video . 
  no , but that is what tax avoidance is . 
  the poster i replied to suggested that evasion , fraud and avoidance were ethically equivalent they are n't . 
  the problems are also different , one is people acting illegally , the second would be issues around how governments legislate . 
   under your definition , having a child and receiving a tax credit for that child is a form of tax avoidance , which , i 'm not going to argue is not a possible definition , but it clearly is n't the definition used by anyone else in this conversation , so you 're just arguing past everyone else . 
  it is however the actual definition of tax avoidance . 
  moreover , people in this conversation and elsewhere are actually using avoidance to mean ` things we do n't like ' , which then gets hard to pin down . 
  it also makes the figures involved horribly suspect when you include legal tax reduction , without defining what the hell that means , $ 1tn euro 's would represent 1/6 ^ th of all taxation within the eu , at all levels , but i ca n't find a breakdown of what is avoidance and what is evasion and fraud ( it also does n't help that figures for things like vat loss to the eu include loss due to evasion , avoidance , bankruptcies , insolvencies and miscalculation ) . . 
  claiming that avoidance is ethically the same as fraud or evasion is simply not accurate and really quite problematic in the context of the debate . 
  the uk rail sector is one of the few in europe that is very open to foreign competition for freight and passenger services , so you 'd expect that . 
   yes , if i were happy with the law then i would be . 
  right . . 
  so , we deal with evasion and fraud by using the law enforcement agencies we have and work to detect and prosecute criminality . . 
  but when it comes to avoidance , it is not about stopping it , but making sure that governments do not take the piss when they write tax laws , it 's essentially something you argue for or against ( like the shape , scale and type of welfare payments or defence policy etc. . ) rather than fight against generally . 
  so lumping them all together is problematic , because you end up in a position where people equate evasion , with fraud and with avoidance ( often whilst technically engaging in the latter to some degree ) . 
   i just think that much of the underpaid tax comes from people being able to abuse tax law that was poorly written or implement , if it is n't just out of date . 
  agreed , and that needs to be changed so that it reflects what governments and people want , there are also some balances to be met ( arguments about certain tax offers that are current , but will depend on your view of their effectiveness and ongoing necessity for example ) . 
  so if we 're going to bring the amount people pay into balance with the amount we as a society want them to pay , then we should move on all fronts at the same time . 
  not just by fighting what is criminal , but also by closing the loopholes that allow people to hide entire fortunes from the taxman . 
  right , but they are very different things and should n't be lumped together because it misleads . 
  you ca n't include tax evasion , fraud and avoidance in the same figure , because the amount that is ` lost ' on avoidance , is n't necessarily lost and much of it will be intentional . 
  it 'd be a bit like reporting a total for the number of people who speed , to include everyone who has driven over 50mph , regardless of the speed limit where they were driving . . 
  it 'd inflate the number . 
   let me use an analogy . 
  in my house i have ants and worms . 
  i want to solve this problem by fumigating the place with gas to poison them . 
  your analogy does n't really make any sense does it , it basically says , there are a load of things i want to kill , so i 'll kill them . 
  which is great and your prerogative , what i am saying is that when you justify killing both the ants and the worms because they bite then you have a problem , because worms do n't . 
   i say let 's have less of all three , evasion , avoidance , fraud , as they constitute going against the will of the people to have a fairly distributed tax burden . 
  you keep on saying that one is n't a crime and the others are . 
  i do n't see what that adds . 
  fine , and great , but you still have to acknowledge that breaking the law to avoid paying taxes is very different from you not agreeing with the tax laws that someone is complying with . 
  the question then would be , if you agreed entirely with every part of the tax legislation in your country , would you then be happy for people to ensure that they pay the amount required under the law and take advantage of any incentives and credits ? 
    you are pushing a bit of a false narrative meaning people are n't making an informed choice . 
  you missed a rather important part of that quote before responding . .   ** when you lump fraud and criminal evasion of taxes into the same bracket ** , you are pushing a bit of a false narrative meaning people are n't making an informed choice . 
  the parent suggested that tax evasion , tax fraud and tax avoidance were morally equivalent , they are n't , as you point out , there are good reasons to allow avoidance where that is fair and incentivizes good behaviour . 
   sometimes things become a crime , sometimes they do n't . 
  yes ... 
  but if you are breaking the law , you are n't engaged in avoidance anymore , you are engaged in evasion . 
  that is a crime and not the same thing ...  if you keep on taking a subsidy after we have gotten rid of it , then perhaps we should have a closer look at how you got your hands on government money for example . 
  absolutely , as you are engaging in tax evasion , not taking a subsidy ( as it does n't exist . . ) . 
  maybe you could explain what you think it means so that i get a better understanding . 
  indeed , including things like tax incentives ( avoidance . . ) to save , or spend in a particular way , essentially distorts the problem , and then people start suggesting that it 's just the ` bad ' avoidance that they do n't like . . 
   it 's not always a crime to contribute less than your fair share of the tax burden to society . 
  the problem with your that position is that in terms of tax incentives , you would likely not be paying your fair share of the tax burden , but instead are spending money on something the government would have to spend tax money on ( often more than what you would . . ) . 
  take something like a tax credit for a hybrid , you 'd be paying less than your fair share , but you are spending your money to aid the adoption of a technology . 
  the alternatives would be a government subsidy to the manufacturers ( actually , possibly not , because if it comes in the form of a tax incentive , it 'd be more avoidance . . ) or you legislate to force people to adopt the new technology ( which harms poor people . . ) . 
   but that does n't mean the rest of society ca n't have a problem with your behaviour , or that we should n't encourage our governments to do something about it . 
  of course not , but when you lump fraud and criminal evasion of taxes into the same bracket , you are pushing a bit of a false narrative meaning people are n't making an informed choice . 
  i 'd also argue that we should encourage our governments to make good policy choices , which would include incentivizing some activities through the tax system , largely because it 's cheap and effective . 
  right . 
  so the issue would be evasion and fraud , with everything else labelled avoidance being a result of government policy ( whether positive or negative , and likely subjective . . ) .
