  the bill in its current form says it authorises the pm to notify the eu that the uk is withdrawing from the eu , which coincidentally seems to be about the only thing that parliament also seems to agree with at this point . 
  broadly yes . . money bills ( so legislation that is intended purely to modify taxation or government spending , but do n't change the law ) begin like this : * we , your majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the commons of the united kingdom in parliament assembled , towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty 's public expenses , and making an addition to the public revenue , have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your majesty that it may be enacted , and be it enacted by the queen 's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons , in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same , as follows : -- '' *, 
   the idea being that a decision this big can not be taken by a mad prime minister ( unelected , at that ) that is n't what the supreme court said , they said that the prime minister did n't have the power to notify without parliamentary consent , this is there purely to get that consent ...  now parliament ( including corbyn ) wants to know , be informed and have a say on the brexit process before ( stupidly , illogically ) approve it . 
  indeed , and quite right . 
  but that process only starts after the notification occurs and consent for what is negotiated necessarily can only come after it has been negotiated . .  rather the will of the xenophobes , stuck in the past , idiots that voted for leave . 
  and presumably also everyone else who voted leave right ? 
   instead of divulging her in existing plans , may decided to to slap a law saying . . 
  i do n't care about the parliament . 
  just give me the power . 
  and it 'd be voted down ... again , i think people are conflating the power to even start talking to the eu about the uk leaving , and the ability to impose a settlement . 
   there 's no working together . 
  no transparency . 
  just a mad person on a mission to fuck things up for personal interest . 
  there are debates on this bill , there is a select committee for brexit , various other committees are looking at the issue , parliament will debate , scrutinise and authorise any decisions ... 
   a better phrasing would have been `` the economic implications will be determined during negotiations with the european union '' . 
  this bill only grants authority to the pm , it does n't trigger article 50 , it does n't create any liabilities or change the relationship with the eu . 
  there will be additional legislation to implement whatever is negotiated with the eu too , so any financial implications whether public or otherwise will come at a later date , attached to different legislation . 
  why is it a joke , it literally authorises the start of a process that will massively involve parliament . . 
  well aware , and indeed keen on services too ( we like services ... ) which the eu is n't quite so pleased with . 
  there is a lot of scope ( although i thought the actual uk/canada trade was closer to 30 % of eu trade ... maybe that 's just what is relevant to the canada/eu agreements . . ) . 
  listening to some of the committee discussions on post-brexit fta 's and specifically ceta , it seems like we could do quite a lot better bilaterally even if we do that with ceta as the starting position . 
  if canada is keen , i 'm sure the uk would be . 
  a blank cheque to notify ? 
  not sure that 's a massive issue , if it were a blank cheque with regard to negotiation or parliamentary involvement later it would be , but there is going to be rather a lot more legislation required before we get there . . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  i wonder where it 's going to go in terms of the kinds of amendments that are added though , there were suggestions ranging from requiring guarantees about market access ( which are clearly not possible given it 'd require eu assent . . ) through to sensible points about debate and notification . 
  frankly i 'd love to see the 50 that were suggested will be submitted by the snp , it may well be that any proposed amendments from labour will give us a better idea of what they are actually thinking in terms of the exit process and of course what the lib dems do . . all in though i 'm still assuming that the government will prioritise it 's march notification deadline and will have some support on that , dragging this portion out , once the uk is ready to enter negotiations , seems somewhat counterproductive . 
  especially since everyone is keener on the detail and negotiation than on anything else . . 
  a huge number if the reporting from yesterday and tuesday is to be believed . 
  that said , it 'll be interesting where that goes , given that there are limits to what can be added to a bill as part of an amendment ( amendments have to be sufficiently close to its subject of the bill when it is introduced ) i assume there will be push back on anything that is n't purely about authorising notification ( as opposed to negotiations , or outcomes . . ) . 
  may as well post the text here too . . -- #a bill to # confer power on the prime minister to notify , under article 50 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union , the united kingdom 's intention to withdraw from the eu . 
  * be it enacted by the queen 's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons , in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same * , as follows : -- ### 1 . 
  power to notify withdrawal from the eu ### ( 1 ) the prime minister may notify , under article 50 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union , the united kingdom 's intention to withdraw from the eu . 
  ( 2 ) this section has effect despite any provision made by or under the european communities act 1972 or any other enactment . 
  short title ### this act may be cited as the european union ( notification of withdrawal ) act 2017 . 
  -- so pretty much as predicted it 's purely about authorisation to give notice . . 
   a recent estimate puts the loss to the gdp at 5 % by 2030 . 
  to be clear , those estimates suggest the uk economy could be 5 % smaller than it might otherwise have been by 2030 . 
  which suggests that the eu is responsible for driving around 0.4 % growth . 
  that does n't really square with the 78bn in benefit by the way , if eu membership is responsible for 4-5 % of gdp , then we should see a considerably sharper drop in growth ( in fact we should see a recession ... ) . 
  seeing the actual assumptions are pretty important though , the chances are that the worst case scenarios are just as fanciful as the suggestions that leaving the eu will spur massive growth quickly . 
  there are barriers , there are challenges , and the uk will have to make up research funding ( and should work to remain involved in eu projects and make sure academics can move freely between institutions ... ) , but it 's also accurate to say that the uk does fairly well in terms of research and that even outside of the eu there are n't any reasons to suggest that that is n't maintainable . 
  this is sort of the problem with the uk and eu membership . 
  if you are talking about the uk , and the economy that the uk has , the eu is n't a great model . 
  yes it brings benefits , but it also comes with negatives . 
  when you try to balance those you have to make lots of assumptions ( especially assumptions about what the alternatives would do , there is n't a lot of room for a/b testing ) but broadly i think you could make a case to say that leaving make very little difference to the uk economically but will provide more flexibility ( so potential for gains down the road ) or that it will allow the uk to make significant gains around the sectors that it excels in , but where the eu has either dysfunctional internal markets , of where it constrains the uk by imposing external barriers . 
  if we were talking about poland it 'd be a very different discussion ( and poland has a rather decent and in depth report on that ) , i 'd also argue that it 'd be true for germany ( especially around the export of goods ... ) and indeed france ( again , significant benefits in terms of agricultural production , and protection ) but it is far more mixed when it comes to the uk . 
  throw in the political and societal issues , a difference in the perception of what the eu should be and so on , and we end up with leaving the eu looking far more attractive than it might to others . 
  but to get back to your first point :  no , that 's simply not true . 
  for two reasons . 
  it is true , the uk could replace every penny the eu provides on research ( and more ) and pay into the eu research projects and still save money . 
  that would n't cut it off from eu research either ... 
  anyway , we 'll see how this shakes down as the uk leaves and the negotiations progress . 
  i think the difference is that sandi has n't tried to be steven , she has brought her own personality , one we already know and love to a format that is well suited to her . 
  she 's already seen as intelligent and has that fantastic conversational style that really works for panel shows . 
  now she 's close enough that you sort of get the similar schoolmistress vibe from her in the same sort of way that you got a schoolmaster vibe from mr fry . 
  so in terms of casting it 's brilliant , top gear on the other hand ended up with a cast of , in context , utter knobs . 
  the uk is running fairly head on into a major crisis with mental health services ( if we are n't already in one , arguably we are . . ) and the solutions are expensive enough when you are n't talking about the special considerations required for prisoners . 
  the government needs to address that , and quickly , but they really do n't seem to have any interest in doing much bar making pronouncements that do n't translate well into delivery . 
   says the brexiters . 
  no that was the modelled pre-referendum position from pro-remain groups . 
  almost all the models presented , almost all the economic arguments were about slower growth outside of the eu when compared to in it . 
   but every one is keen to avoid because it 's not a good position . 
  it 's worse than any sensible trade deal , agreed . 
   i 'm sure we would get deals quickly , i 'm just not sure they will be good as much as fast . 
  we wo n't be able to get a better deal with the eu than what we have now on goods and whilst there is more room for a better deal in services , that seems unlikely . 
  that said , we can absolutely get better non-eu deals . .  also expect our minimum quality to drop so we can accept goods currently we ca n't . 
  possibly , possibly not , a lot of the standards and quality expectations are n't eu or uk , or even us standards , but global ones . 
  i would expect most of that to still apply . 
   i do n't agree . 
  i think remain is a simpler position , and currently , a more desperate position , so less luxury of disagreement . 
  it would n't surprise me if this ends up a fault line tearing labour and conservative apart . 
  the problem is exactly the same , you have left wing and right wing remainers with diametrically opposing ideas as to why the uk should be in the eu , and it is incredibly hard to sell those diametric views coherently . 
   do n't seam that different to me . 
  both rode a similar wave of sentiment . 
  one i find unpalatable . 
  fair enough , but i think that 's something that is being pushed as a narrative ( together with the ` it 's all russia ' and it means people are oversimplifying and drawing parallels that simply do n't exist ) . 
  about the only elements that were similar were the responses by some groups and attacks on supporters of one side for being ` bad ' and attacks by supporters of another on the basis of patriotism . .  we should worry about surveillance similarly , but we do n't because we `` won '' so are complacent about our freedom . 
  i 'd actually argue that we do n't worry about surveillance as much not because it is a passive breach . 
  in the uk for example , i can go out and take a photo of anyone in a public space , publish those photos , sell them , whatever and not require consent . 
  in germany i 'd get into trouble just taking the photo without consent . 
  essentially there is a different base view of privacy . 
   but brexit is kind of revolution or nothing . 
  brexit is n't revolutionary , much in the same way as joining was n't . 
  we 'll unwind a close relationship with the eu and change how we deal with other governments , but the impact on our rights domestically will be minimal and what change we do see will take time . 
   outside of brexit the thing we really need to do something about is our voting system i agree , but i 'm not sure what exactly . 
  one thing that would have helped prevent this coming down as it did , would have been to have a voting system that made it easier for people to articulate views about issues not being presented by a single party . 
  of course the chances are that under such a system the uk would have left the eu quite a while ago , or the uk government would have been far more cautious in its dealings with the eu . .  i 'd put in range voting for local mps , solving vote splitting while keeping local mps . 
  i quite like ams , but yeah , something that keeps the constituency link and does n't lead to multimember constituencies would be good . 
  absolutely , that 's the way to do it , and i 'd argue that 's one of the bigger barriers right now . 
  the eu has issues in that it pushes forward with things in a manner that is n't going to work without additional ( and often less popular ... ) integration . 
  it then sort of hopes the rest will come , or tries to uses crises to continue to drive its position ( the two big examples being the use of the eurozone crisis to push eurozone integration , and the refugee crisis to push for eu wide migration and border policies , both things that should have come with the inception of schengen and the eurozone . . ) . 
  that 's bad , because it highlights the problems and often taints what are good policies in principle . 
  if it can instead bring tangible results , fix some of the ongoing issues and show that it can manage crises effectively it can absolutely succeed . 
  ah right . 
  i 'd agree , but surely that means building consent , essentially there is n't a plurality of people who see the eu in that way at the moment so further development does mean bringing those people together so that it is seen as a normal governing body . 
  it 's not something that can be imposed , but something that should happen . 
   i certainly do n't feel we are out of the woods . 
  not even in the woods yet , but yeah . .  it all depends on what is agreed , and how good that is believed to be . 
  there is a lot of risk and unknowns and unknown unknowns .
