   seriously , it does n't feel like we 're past `` no border because do n't want '' here . 
  the thing with countries is that if they do n't want something , they can generally not have it . 
  between the eu , ireland and the uk , i 'm really not sure who you think is going to impose a hard border . . 
   where ? 
  lots of land borders , hell , including the eu for traffic passing through the eu rather than destined for the eu . . electronic manifests , container weights , ` bonded ' or otherwise approved secure warehousing etc. . 
  the point being that if ireland wanted to allow dubious goods into the eu it could anyway , by virtue of having a coast . 
  as it is it can be managed and sensibly , with the usual precautions against smuggling and obviously all the usual things , like rules about standards and so forth apply . 
   it 's natural and just part of the normal bureaucracy for ports and airports , but there 's a land border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  once the stuff is off the ship , you have a much harder time tracking it . 
  it could be delivered to a destination in northern ireland and have no guarantee that it is not repacked and does n't end up in ireland or the rest of the eu later on . 
  so , you could either deny entry at an northern irish port or do additional checks when stuff is shipped from ireland to the rest of the eu . 
  right now stuff comes across land borders without being checked at every port and border . 
   i do n't think it 's going to be easy to find an agreement there . 
  if you put a border between the uk and ireland , some irish people are going to start blowing things up . 
  quite possibly not just in the uk , so there 's that . . 
   they 're working for elon musk , the goals of his companies are to further the prosperity of mankind not to line the pockets of employees . 
  and yet still subject to the same rules as anyone else . 
  he ca n't undercut the minimum wage , employee protections or anything else because he claims the moral high ground in terms of his companies objectives . .  maybe you could ask grohmann why he paid them 75 % of the going rate . 
  i was under the impression ( and i might be wrong . . ) that the issue is pay for more hours because of the increased operational tempo with the model 3 production , but again , that might be wrong . 
  i think it 's also the case that the company was grown to accommodate the new work when tesla bought the firm and so reached the point where there were enough employees to trigger the application of the collectively agreed wages . 
  the point to note in either case is that grohmann is now having issues recruiting , as well as the problems with the union . . 
   but like he said , that union has a vested interest in the carbon industry which tesla is trying to put out of business . 
  maybe grohmann workers need another union which shares tesla 's environmental goals . 
  the union disagrees and frankly it 's not up to the employer which union the employees decide to be members of . . 
  i mean it 's taking the piss really , can you imagine any other large employer getting away with that ? 
  ` oh no , the unions does n't have our interests at heart , so we do n't want people to be a part of it ' , no shit . 
  the union has its members interests at heart , and you are in a fight with the union not because it 's doing something you do n't like , but because you are n't paying the relevant amount to staff ... 
  i mean , how exactly does paying 75 % of the usual rate fit into the whole ` they do n't share our values ' thing anyway ? 
   give me a single example outside of the eu . 
  well , maybe there are examples , i do n't know , but only if there are similar common regulations involved as in the single market . 
  you see , goods and people that are rightfully in one member state of the eu have the right to enter all other states . 
  well . 
  there 's the common travel area that exists between the uk and ireland ( and predates the eu . . ) , the nordic passport union also predates the eu , but if you 'd like some other examples , there 's russia and belarus , india and nepal too , and lots of places with very weak border controls without the kind of integration the eu has too ...  that 's why schengen works at all , the passport checks at the inner borders where useless by then anyway , for the individual exceptions schengen introduced increased cooperation of the national authorities , border checks where delegated to the eu outer border . 
  at the schengen outer border , all you need to do is prove that you 're an eu citizen . 
  right . . but the uk and ireland have external borders that are managed ( by virtue of being an island ) and cooperate on visas ( as part of the cta ) outside of schengen . 
  so if you arrive in the uk now , even though the uk and ireland are not in schengen , you can go to ireland and the reverse is true too . 
  schengen is about how you manage your borders , it shows that with the appropriate external controls you can do whatever you want with your internal borders , and it has nothing to do with free movement ( a chinese person can get a schengen visa , but wo n't have the right to reside or work for example . . ) . 
  the same would be true in ireland and the uk . 
  it does n't matter if a canaidan national can cross the border into the uk , because they will have gone through an irish airport anyway , same goes for an american entering ireland from the uk . 
  in neither case would they have any special rights to work ...  outside of the eu , british goods and people have no automatic right to enter the eu , and the only way to be sure is to stop trucks at the border . 
  either to see what 's in there or to check if the paper work says it 's ok to enter . 
  there is no other way to know what 's in this truck . 
  yeah . . 
  so you use the various tools we have now to track consignments and containers between ports and trucks . 
  everything else is smuggling anyway , and we have to ( and do . . ) deal with that already between the uk and ireland and indeed between eu countries in schengen . 
  the idea that you absolutely need a fence to stop it is a little archaic given we have goods that arrive from say taiwan , go through the netherlands and are then shipped to various places around the globe . 
   the agreements between the uk and ireland will definitely have to be part of the brexit negotiations , because ireland can not ignore its obligations towards the eu , and the single market can not have a hole of the size of ireland in its borders . 
  they do n't have to ignore their obligations , they can meet them without a hard border . 
   huge correlation between the two . 
  there is a correlation between people going to university , and people being smart . 
  there is not a correlation between being smart and going to university , or rather that correlation weakens significantly as you go further back . 
  it 's not a small difference either , if you look at the numbers we 've gone from 3.5 per 10k of population getting a first degree in 1950 , compared to 65 per 10k of population in 2016 . 
  that compounds rather rapidly , and the university admission numbers accelerated after 1997 , it 's not a gradual increase . 
  to put it another way , more people graduated in 2016 than did between 1950 and 1960 ... by a really large margin . 
   one begets the other . 
  take two people of the same intelligence , one goes to university and gets a job which involves a lot of thought and research . 
  the other goes straight from school to a factory job . 
  after forty years , the first one will be more intelligent than the second . 
  what if you take two people , one goes to university , the other does an apprenticeship , or trains as an accountant ? 
  the point is that university access has massively increased in the last few years . 
  in isolation it is not a great data point , especially given that for a huge number of jobs , requirements for a degree are very recent too . 
  someone getting a computer science degree , or an english literature degree now is n't necessarily any more intelligent than someone who has spent the last 10 years as a programmer , or as a writer . 
  the ` educated ' numbers are skewed massively because we 've entirely changed our approach to higher education . 
  if you take say social class as a guide , instead of age or level of education , it reduces the amount of skew by quite a bit : ab went 59 % for remain , c1 closer to 52 % c2 went 62 % for leave and de 54 % leave . 
  so that c1 class is almost 50/50 split , even though it includes professionals and junior management . . 
  in fact the de grouping which would be your factory worker , ( semi-skilled and unskilled manual workers ) were less likely to vote leave than skilled manual workers . . 
  compare that to the point about 70 % of degree holders voting remain and 70 % or those with no qualifications voting leave which seems to correlate far more closely with age ( under 34 vs over 55 's . . ) than with anything else . . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know what specific type of border you are thinking of ... 
  i can not look inside your head , but i want to stress one last time : after the uk left the eu and the single market , as the standard option , there 's going to be an eu outer border between ireland and norther ireland . 
  there will be a border , in the same way that there currently is a border . 
  a point where the uk ends and ireland begins , where uk law applies , and where irish law applies . 
  what there wo n't be are checkpoints , a fence , or a major barrier . 
  the reasons for that are the agreements that the uk currently has with ireland , the gfa , and because there is no need for one , the irish and uk governments do n't want one , and no-one can impose one . .  then it is ireland 's duty to regulate all traffic of goods and people between that border to meet the rules of the single market . 
  indeed , and the uk will want to regulate all traffic of goods and people too . 
  happily , that can be done without a hard border , as it is done elsewhere . 
  and that is what the uk and ireland will likely work to achieve , likely with the support of the eu . . you dived into a comment chain about the need for a hard border , there is n't going to be one . 
  there will be a border , there will be customs and immigration processes , but there are n't going to be walls and checkpoints dividing the island of ireland . 
   haha , i am just going to respond to this part , as it is the easiest : the uk-eu border is not an eu outer border at this point , there 's freedom of movement of goods and people across that border . 
  yes . . but it is a border . 
  the uk is n't in schengen so there are passport controls and so on . 
  the border exists in reality not just as an administrative boundary . 
   the eu/uk border right now is nothing like it will be after brexit is finalized . 
  for the most part the border itself wo n't change , the customs process will and obviously immigration processes will too , and the rights people have one way or the other ( whether it 's in terms of goods or people ) will be different and managed differently . 
   the only way that there is not going to be one of the three borders ( eu/ireland , northern ireland/ireland , northern ireland/uk ) is when the uk remains a full member of the single market , which is very unlikely , otherwise the uk would enjoy full freedom of movement as a non-eu-member . 
  the uk is not going to be in the single market , but there is still no requirement for a hard border and no interest from those who would have to put one in place . 
  customs and immigration controls can be managed without a hard border , and likely will be between the uk and ireland . 
   people going on about `` not wanting a border '' is not going to change a thing , this is a matter of international law . 
  what is a matter of ` international law ' ? 
  as a country , you do n't have to put in a border if you do n't want to , you certainly do n't have to put in place a particular type of border . 
  how you enforce your border and customs controls is down to the country in question . . 
   the 2015 election was the only one in recent history where eurosceptics got a worse result except that both labour and the conservatives have been essentially pro-eu parties for quite a long time now . . less mainstream positions ( which an anti-eu position , and an extremely pro-eu position would both be ) do n't fare well under fptp . 
   you are right , the union wanted a 30 % wage rise considered industry standard and tesla responded offering shares to workers betting on the fact that there will be another 10x increase in the next 5-10 years . 
  until very recently germany did n't have a minimum wage , instead it had minimum wages set by collective bargaining agreements instead . 
  now it has a mix ( a federal minimum and the agreements , both enforceable by law ) . 
  that 's important to consider here . 
  germany does business in a very different way to a lot of countries and , as a result unions have quite a bit of clout ( and they will have within anything tesla does ) . 
  tesla ca n't really ignore that , you ca n't just offer shares instead , or some other benefit , you actually have to pay people . 
  what 's more is that ig metall is threatening strike action , which is something german unions do extremely rarely . 
  if you look at the german press ( from say , 4 days ago ) , the issue that grohmann has now is that it has more work than it has employees , and it ca n't hire people because it is n't pay the going rate .
