  which is why i drive a vw !, 
   based on the share price drop there is already an around 11 billion pound nominal loss from those shares now . 
  the uk government bought them at 500p/share , at no point since buying the shares would they have made anything other than a nominal loss . 
  it 's probably also worth noting that the current drop in the rbs share price is nothing at all compared to the drop due to the financial crisis . 
   a lot could also depend on gibraltar . 
  how is gibraltar relevant to this ? 
  as i understood it , there had already been a clear ` we do n't like the result of the referendum , but we oppose any deal with spain ' message . 
  the uk has also bee pretty emphatic , the foreign office has said that the uk will `` continue to stand beside gibraltar '' and will never negotiate the rock 's sovereignty against the will of its people . 
   ukip meps being elected into the european parliament hurt britain 's reputation in europe to an extent imo , it was hinted at by juncker , that 's what i 'm trying to get at . 
  we complained democracy was a problem and yet we trivialised the european parliament by electing politicians who held it in contempt . 
  some people elected politicians who wanted to see the uk leave the eu , because it was the only way to present that sentiment . 
  the eu , junker or anyone else trivialising that as the wrong move , or undemocratic seems slightly odd to me . 
  it was people using their vote in the only way that matched their views . . what more do you want from people ? 
   i think we 've been quick to criticise the eu but not really understand the benefits of it.when figures like 350m are used with rebates not being taken into account and some people not realising the money that comes back to britain in places such as cornwall and wales it does n't paint the greatest picture . 
  and when the counter argument to that is simply ` its a lie ' or ` but at least some of that money comes back - less than we send , but some ' it becomes problematic . 
  as to the benefits , they are n't evenly spread . 
  if you live in a poor deprived neighbourhood and watch millions of pounds of public and eu money being spent on what amount to vanity projects ( which is not and was not uncommon . . ) then you might feel that the benefits are n't for you . 
   asking for better deals when you do n't understand the benefits you are already getting does n't paint a great picture . 
  i think when we have n't given the eu the time to understand it , then we are acting a bit entitled . 
  i think quite a lot of people knew what the benefits were , and do so now but felt that they were too slight given the costs . 
  that 's a reasonable position is n't it ? 
  i certainly do ...  it is our attitude as a whole to the eu and it is hard to put into words because it is my personal opinion on them dealings and obviously others will see how we have acted differently . 
  and i think the fundamental issue is still that for most people in the uk , leave or remain , the aims and ideals that were wanted from the eu did n't match what the eu had become . 
  that 's why we left . . 
  if the maastricht treaty as a successful deal then i do n't understand your argument that the uk has acted in an ` entitled ' manner . 
  it would seem that the uk and other eu members negotiated a treaty and everyone broadly got what they wanted , which included an opt out on the euro for the uk ( for the obvious reasons . . ) . 
   the uk being the only country to manage the transition from empire to a modern democracy , i 'd argue that germany and japan would disagree with you . 
  both had their empires ended for them , in vast wars , there was no continuity for germany and japan is still occupied . 
  the uk essentially wound the british empire down , not because it was n't essentially forced to , not in a wonderfully magnanimous way or anything , but it did . 
   they have a higher gdp than us and both faced similar struggles , in terms of severity , to us . 
  the uk spent billions occupying germany and was left with massive debts after wwii , the uk quite literally helped germany rebuild . 
  the us did the same for japan . 
  and in all cases that was the right thing to do . 
   i mean there have been so many missteps in the 20th century on the road to where we are now that i just have to disagree . 
  i think we overstate our importance , yes we are a world power but we need cooperation , and cooperation works both ways . 
  also i never said the uk ca n't go it alone , however i think we will be worse off for it . 
  of course we need cooperation , we may be a huge economy , massive exporter and manufacturer , a hugely innovative country , a military power and so on , but we ca n't work in isolation , but no-one is suggesting that . 
  there is a difference between cooperation and wholesale political union after all . 
  the uk is an important country , i do n't think we overstate it though ( i think a lot of people massively understate it . . ) , and we have always been very , very good at working with others . 
  that should be the approach we take now . 
  what we should n't do is lock ourselves in to a geographic bloc that we do n't share the same aims with . 
   my opinion is that things could have been handled much better , indeed . 
   instead britain has chosen to ignore the experts and believes it is better off alone . 
  the core question , the one about whether the uk should exercise the competencies we had handed off to the eu , and whether we wanted to continue to pursue political union are n't objective issues that have a right answer . 
  they are questions of self determination and around aspirations and priorities . 
  the experts we saw in the campaigns explained the ramifications of certain scenarios , their impact depended a hell of a lot on what each persons priorities are . 
   we complain that europe never respected us , but i 've personally seen a lot of disrespect to europe , especially the whole undemocratic argument only to elect ukip mep 's who worked against the eu . 
  i really do n't understand this sentence at all . . 
  surely electing meps from ukip is not anti-democratic , whilst there are good arguments to say that there are issues with the democratic set up of the eu . . 
  the two do n't seem terribly related . 
   and i mean to call someone delusional for disagreeing with you ... come on . 
  i 'm suggesting a particular position is delusional , because it is . 
  i 'm not suggesting that you hold that view ( and indeed you have made it clear that you do n't ) and i 'm sure that you 'd agree with me . 
   we had a lot of concessions made to us , the most notable being our currency . 
  when you enter into treaties , and negotiate lots of things either way , then concessions are n't free . 
  the uk had to negotiate terms that worked for it and the eu , if you think that was entirely one sided and that the uk walked away with everything it wanted you misunderstand maastricht . 
  surely the clear message that leaving is not a good idea should come from the fact that the eu is good for those members , and that there is support for the eu and it 's aims in the population . 
  if those conditions are n't true , someone has some work to do . 
   we should n't make concessions to any major player in trade , but extract best possible deal for us . 
  same way we try to do with china , usa and russian and so on . 
  developing countries can be supported , but uk is n't such . 
  i 'd expect the eu to do just that , the point to make would be that the best possible deal for the eu is probably very open , barrier free trade . . 
  anything less will reduce eu trade not boost it . 
  arguably there is actually potential here for the eu to do something around services too . 
  we 'll see if that happens , i think the former will , the latter probably not . 
   that said europe should be mad at britain , we have acted entitled and like we are better than the rest and we never committed to europe . 
  no , we 've acted like we had different hopes and aspirations for europe , and instead of standing in the way , we 've worked to keep ourselves out of the bits that did n't fit with what we wanted ( and were sold as benefits , like schengen and the euro ) . 
  the idea that we have been acting entitled is absurd , we just have n't been as keen , as a nation , to integrate , we saw the project as an economic one , not a political one . 
  and let me be clear , if we ran the referendum again tomorrow , but said ` remain in the eu and take on the euro and join schengen ' , the result would n't be 52 % for leave , it 'd be a landslide . 
   i think , from my pov as a young person , that for whatever reason we have n't heeded the past and still hold elitist attitudes . 
  the uk as a country must strive to drop those notions . 
  i hope my generation and the ones that follow will not present the same sort of attitudes on the world stage as i have witnessed growing up and hopefully the country will one day be respected . 
  and i think you have utterly misunderstood the country you live in , from the people to it 's impact globally . 
  the uk ins ' t some tiny island it 's a very large , developed country . 
  it is the only country that seems to have managed the transition from empire to modern democracy in a mostly sensible manner , it is a country that has done a lot in the world , and still has a massive amount to offer . 
  this notion that we are somehow too big for our boots , or ca n't survive working internationally with other nations is absurd to the point of being delusional . 
  i understand that you felt that the uk 's best interests lay within the eu . 
  a lot of people hold that view , and i do think that the vast majority hold that view honestly and because they want the best for the uk , but there are also a lot of people , me included that see the best interests of the uk lying outside of the eu , and that that has been the direction of travel ( see the opt outs . . ) for a long time . 
  i do n't want to see the uk hurt , i want to ensure that we make the best of what we have , that we can offer the best opportunities to people , that 's why i voted to leave . . 52 % of us voted to leave the eu , we did n't vote to attack the eu , or to burn the eu or to harm the eu . 
  we voted to leave it , because we did n't feel it was the right way for the uk to go . 
  the eu will survive , it will do well , it may well even do better , and i hope it does . 
  the uk will to . 
  and let me be clear , it 's not a fight , it 's not a competition , it 's about doing what we think is best for our countries , communities and families . 
  for those who ended up on the wrong side of this argument , i 'd suggest you think about what your priorities are now , whether that is a push to get back into the eu ( however doubtful , anything is possible with enough time ) or to help ensure that the uk 's exit is the best it can be , or something else and act on them . 
  as to everyone else in europe , do n't worry , it 's not you , it 's us . 
  we should probably have gone earlier , and we will always love you and be here for you , we just do n't want to be part of a political union . 
  we know you 'll understand , and you 'll thrive . 
  apart from belgium . 
  obviously . 
   or are you gon na just leave and switch to a country you know is going to stay . 
  they are going to set up some subsidiaries in dublin , watch and hope that the ftt does n't come in , in the various eurozone members and continue with the global trade that they carry out already . 
  the eu has always had , and will continue to have a problem with financial services unless they make some really significant changes . 
  that 's why the uk and switzerland outstrip any financial centre within the bloc . 
  now this could be an opportunity , but the eu seems to be giving every indication that it is going to go in the other direction to what has made the us , uk , switzerland , singapore and hong kong successful in these areas , it 's going to try and regulate a bigger financial services sector into existence by excluding others . . that has n't worked in the last half century , it 's not going to start working now . 
  unless you know something we do n't of course . . 
  the remainder of the uk , it 's often used when talking about a scotland that has split in some way . 
  it 's has something like the worlds 6th or 7th largest manufacturing output too . 
  lots of stuff , it 's has something like the worlds 6th or 7th largest manufacturing output . . 
   quite the opposite . 
  scotland receives far more funding from the eu than they do from the uk and far more trade/jobs and what not scotland receives massively more funding from the uk than from the eu , and if you counted ruk/scottish trade as separate , then scotland has vastly more jobs and trade linked to the ruk than the eu . .
