   it made existing divisions even deeper , referendums by its very nature are divisive . 
  they force people to take sides on an issue , especially an issue as complex as the the eu . 
  it made some people take sides for the vote , but it broadly illuminated an existing split . 
  the uk did n't suddenly become vastly more divided as a people , although as people informed themselves they took positions for and against a political question . 
  then we had the result , and the country is broadly coalescing around that , and no doubt with the focus shifting on the how , rather than the if , that will continue . 
   it did n't happen by accident or because culturally the british are opposed to the eu . 
  if there is going to be constant negative reporting of something . 
  do n't be surprised that the public have a negative opinion of it . 
  many of their problems are n't caused by the eu as such they are still going to be unhappy after it has happened . 
  except that the uk has been , generally , very lukewarm on the eu since joining . 
  there is vastly less support for the political project . 
  we can try to make out that this is all a media conspiracy , but that really does n't make a huge amount of sense , there have been long standing political divisions , opposition to various aspects of the eu and negative media reporting . . 
  if anything , the result of the referendum shows that a significant fraction of the population , across party lines , were perfectly able to balance their priorities and come to a very different view from the remainder . 
  it 's easier to blame the media than it is to look at why people might reject the eu , i understand that , but it does n't give a full picture at all . 
   you do n't know what exactly will happen in the future . 
  the referendum in 1975 was more clear cut than the last one yet a small minority campaigned to leave , until they could convince a small majority to vote that way . 
  most people got on their lives for those 40 odd years , yet it still happened . 
  of course not , but joining the eu now is very different than joining the eec in 1973 , many of the things that the uk had opt outs on likely would n't be opt-outable of so you 'd not only have to convince people that eu membership was the right move , but also defend against the suggestion that the uk would lose the pound , have to join schengen and potentially a whole raft of other things that are genuinely unpopular in the uk ( like an eu army etc. . ) . 
  not to mention that they 'd have to convince the eu that they should take the uk as a member . 
  maybe in 40 years things will change , but i seriously doubt it . 
   credit = popular awareness = willingness to fund ( in democratic state ) . 
  right ... 
  but esa can promote itself too , just because nasa claimed credit for something does n't mean esa has to shut up and say nothing . 
  and again , is stopping cooperation with nasa a reasonable response ? 
   from your own country ( with the british flag ) , i bet there was n't a lot of popular awareness about what the eu actually did for the u.k. and now you have the brexit predicament thanks to it . 
  i 'd argue that there was quite a bit of awareness of what the eu did , just that a small majority of people felt that it was n't worth the downsides of membership , or the compromises involved . 
  that has very little to do with credit going to the eu , and everything to do with what people think of things that actually were , largely , down to eu membership . 
   we do n't want people to vote away funding for space exploration and leave it all to trump and putin . 
  right , so esa needs to promote what it does , ending cooperation with nasa which is what the parent proposed does n't exactly deal with that in the first place . 
   i would be surprised if he shows regret for what was such a terrible decision . 
  it was a decision that led to a result that went against his expectations , but it was n't a terrible decision in and of itself . 
  having a referendum on eu membership was entirely reasonable and popular ( even among people who later voted remain ) . 
  the outcome is also not terrible , it might turn out to be , i doubt it , but it certainly is n't yet and does n't look like it will be . 
  i can understand him regretting the campaign , regretting the approach to the referendum even regretting standing down when he did , but there is little to regret in deciding to hold the referendum in the first place . 
   it did n't have to poison british politics but was escalated in such a way that it did and the referendum did n't put it to bed . 
  if anything it created even deeper divisions . 
  it has n't created deeper divisions , it has illuminated divisions that were already there , and kicked off a process that will likely heal them to a large extent . 
  being in the eu was a sore spot for a lot of people for a long time , one that got rubbed every time anything they did n't like happened , being outside of the eu is n't going to have the same impact on those who voted remain even if only because being outside of the eu will not be as visible as being in it is . 
  give it a few years and the current remain/leave split will disappear , a small minority will no doubt campaign to join the eu , but it will be a very small minority , most people will just get on with it . 
  and if scotland does go for independence , there is a good chance that they 'd fall short of joining the eu in any case ( opting for a position closer to the eu than the uk is aiming for , but short of full membership given the complications with everything else ) . 
   is n't unionism , british nationalism ? 
  somewhat , but it rather depends . 
  i suppose if you call unionism nationalism , you could also call remain voters in the ge european nationalists , but that does n't really fit either . 
  which is arguably more annoying because whether you support independence or not , the utter lack of a political process that even edges in that direction is a bit dire given the sentiment in the region . 
   we 're talking eu here . 
  we are talking about elected assemblies that include people who do n't support their countries or regions membership in the entity that the assembly is part of . 
  so in the case of ukip and the ep , they do n't want the uk in the eu , but are representing people in an eu body , and the snp do n't want scotland in the uk , but are representing people in a uk body . 
   i do n't see a parallel to scotlands goal to get rid of westminster domination . 
  scotland wanting to leave the uk , is , on the face of it similar to the uk wanting to leave the eu . 
  the snp and ukip both want the bit of what they represent not to be part of the larger body that they have elected seats in the parliaments of . .  apparently , westminster seems to be ok with brexit while at the same time holding on to scotland . 
  how does that fit into your narrative ? 
  i really do n't see how it is relevant . . westminster is ok with brexit and authorised a scottish independence referendum a couple of years ago and will no doubt do so again in the not so distant future . 
  last i checked there has n't been a unilateral independence declaration from scotland , or indeed a majority supporting independence , so at the moment scotland is very much still voluntarily part of the uk , as it has essentially always been . 
  but what does that have to do with some mp 's in westminster wanting an independent scotland ? 
  or meps not wanting their member state to be part of the eu ? 
  the point is that you can be elected to a body even if you do n't want that body to exist , there is nothing particularly wrong with that , after all , if you are elected , it would seem quite a few other people agree with your view too . 
  how is that whataboutism ? 
  i 'm saying that in both cases it 's fine , not that it 's fine in one case because it happens somewhere else . 
  the snp representing their constituents in westminster , whilst advocating for scottish independence is fine , as is a ukip mep representing their constituents in the european parliament and advocating an exit from the eu . 
  so do you think the snp should n't take their seats in westminster ( some northern irish mp 's do n't for example ) ? 
  i do n't think you 'd find significant support for le pen if you were asking the uk in general ( not just french voters ) to be honest . 
  much like there is n't much support for trump . . you essentially have a few on the far right , and some element of ukip , but beyond that neither of them are terribly attractive to the average brit . 
  surely esa is capable of promoting itself ? 
  the parent literally suggests not working with nasa on the basis that it takes credit , does that seem even slightly reasonable to you ? 
  and there are 54 snp mps in westminster whose party want scotland out of the uk . . that does n't mean they ca n't represent their constituents in westminster , at the uk level does it ? 
  being an elected member of a body , whilst campaigning against your countries membership , or even the existence of that body is absolutely fine , being involved in the political process is a perfectly valid route to take . 
  it really is n't , it 's a series of very valid points . . 
   yes , and even then i doubt it would work as it did in germany . 
  the culture has no experience with democracy , you have the `` kaffirs on muslim land '' problem , and so on . 
  germany did n't exactly have a long period of actual democracy before wwii either , and had a tiny problem with varying ethnicities if memory serves . 
  there is no good reason to suggest that a democratic state is not possible in middle eastern states ...  we do n't need to separate these groups . 
  europe has taken in enough refugees for the next 10 years at least . 
  yeah , we do , because refugees move on the basis of need , which makes them significantly different from people migrating for any other reason . 
  there is n't some sort of arbitrary limit at which point our moral responsibilities , based on our own value systems simply cease to exist . 
   the criterion for admission should be based on one factor alone : is it beneficial for europe to allow this person in . 
  for migration i 'd agree with you . 
  for asylum the factor should be risk . 
   continuing to let in millions per year is going to end in civil war . 
  no , it 's not . 
  however it is unsustainable , but then how many of the people entering europe are refugees ? 
   false again . 
  germany and the uk give refugees full welfare benefits , and sweden , canada , netherlands are other examples . 
  most countries do this , in fact . 
  most countries also allow refugees to work . 
  see , this is where the difference between migrant and refugee is important again . 
  your initial statement , in relation to migrants generally was :  they often get more than citizens on welfare that is n't true . 
  in the uk , asylum seekers get very little support [ see here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/asylum-support/what-youll-get ) until their asylum claim is complete , when their asylum claim is complete they get the same access to the welfare state as anyone else in the same situation , not more , and it will take anything up to 6 months to get a decision on your status . 
  if you are not an asylum seeker , but a migrant without a valid visa or similar , or if your asylum application is n't approved , you have no access to the welfare state . 
   are you aware of europe 's history ? 
  yes ... 
  some of it is n't too pretty , hence why countries in europe pushed protections of refugees and international frameworks that mandate support . 
   nor should it be part of europe 's values to save idiots who do stupid things all over the world , which then gives many more people the incentive to do the same stupid thing . 
  is anyone suggesting that ? 
   i do not advocate for repatriation of migrants . 
  i only advocate for stopping the inflow so we actually have a chance to integrate those already here . 
  and i 'd advocate for the repatriation of migrants that do n't have a valid claim through the immigration system , as well as failed asylum seekers , where it is possible . 
  on the other side of that , i think not letting people drown in the sea is generally a good idea , and for those who make it to europe they should be able to go through a process to determine whether they are entitled to support as a refugee or not . . you seem keener to see people , including people who really are fleeing for their lives die and just let anyone who has made it so far to remain under whatever circumstances . . that seems really daft and incredibly amoral . 
  they arguably properly arrived after the civil war though . 
  surely the point is discovering the planets , not who gets credit for it in the press afterwards . . 
  the uk , unless you can ascribe far left or far right labels to the parliamentarians and royalists . .
