  do you think you are free from values ? 
  no-one is ` free from values ' , the point however is that you are simply dismissing evidence as ` just not true ' because you do n't like it . 
  that 's not really a valid approach . 
   and this is what your values are . 
  part of that is value based ( the point on whether it matters that people choose ) part of it is simple fact ( that some people have issues around how they identify ) . 
  i ca n't make the former go away by just claiming it 's not real any more than you can . 
   we can actually have people who feel this way ( and by the way , this is not a feeling , it 's a thought , saying they `` feel this way '' is just not true ) without having to yield to ideologically motivated scholarship . 
  but if we have people who feel this way ( whether that 's just a thought , whether it is based on their biology or whether it is based on anything else ... ) what is the issue in accommodating that where possible ? 
  again , we would n't tell gay people that they do n't feel gay , they just think they are , so why would we do that for transgender people ? 
   family and community . 
  no , that 's what is missing and what we need , i 'm not sure what the solution is in terms of restoring some of that . . 
  so to be clear , you have gone from ' i care because fact and science are being lost ' to ' we are discussing values ' and ideology . 
  there is nothing wrong with the science , your problem seems to be rooted in what you feel is an attack on a set of values , presumably those values include that people should identify as male or female , and that that should be dictated in some way by societal norms . . that 's not an unusual view , a lot of people prefer the certainty of there being men and women and nothing else , and for a lot of people who do n't have any issues with their identity , really understanding what it means to feel like you are a different gender is almost impossible ( me included . . 
  i 'm male and fit in with the social norms you 'd expect around that , always have . 
  i ca n't really conceive what it would feel like to be female , or to feel female . . 
  i 'm just me . ) . 
  the problem is that for a not insignificant portion of the population they do know what it feels like to identify as one gender but be seen as another . 
  that has and continues to cause issues , both in terms of mental health and family life as well as political and social ones . 
  this move , to allow people to pick their own gender , might alleviate that a bit . 
  it 's unlikely to cause any additional issues , and it will likely make life better for those impacted by this , so why on earth is it a huge problem ? 
  i suppose this is essentially akin to not accepting that some people are gay , or not accepting that some people are a different religion , or have none at all , it is about making life harder for people who feel a different way because society as a whole has segments that are uncomfortable with the notion ( one that in this instance is both an individual position and one based on scientific evidence ) . 
  now one thing i do understand is the feeling that there is some sort of erosion of our societies , values , and general identity . 
  i understand that because i can see the issues that have arisen , and the changes brought about by everything from the loss of religious faith ( and having a church at the centre of communities ) the loss of large employers ( and having that employer at the centre of communities too ) , even the loss of ` pub culture ' in the uk , in terms of bringing people together . 
  i do n't think they are caused by an acceptance of difference though , or by immigration or atheism/agnosticism for that matter . 
  i 'd argue that the root of that is that people feel more separate from one another , and it is becoming easier and easier to live without coming in contact with your neighbours , your local community at all and so on . 
  not sure what the solution to that is though . 
  see , it 's when you read that kind of insanity and realise we live in a world where it might actually work ... 
  i mean seriously , the eu should get in on this too . . as long as everyone waits a few weeks between negotiating sessions he 'll never notice . 
  pretty much this , no single set of figures are terribly useful , and in the context of brexit the instability and uncertainty is having more of an impact than anything else . 
  it 'll be 2025 before we can look back with anything approaching confidence of the impact , and even then it 'll be shaky . 
  the clearest thing coming out of the varying indicators right now is that things are in flux , there is uncertainty and that is causing a hold in some types of investment and some spending , but the pound is low so some firms and investors are taking advantage of that short term , some long term projects will happen anyway etc. . etc. 
  the comic is much older than brexit ( it has been around for ages . . ) so it 's not france and the uk leaving the eu , but them being absent , as it were . 
  give it a few years and i 'm sure you could add a couple of panels of the uk leaving the eu and the uk/france still having that strange on again off again relationship . . 
  primark seems to do odd pricing though , some stuff is really cheap , and then other bits are relatively cheap , but you can get better quality stuff for the same or even lower prices in ` decent ' shops . . 
  although for women 's clothing , it is apparently spectacularly good value compared to the competition . 
   which part of `` i will put america first '' you didn t get ? 
  oh i got that , but trump seems to be fairly incapable in actually pushing that and rather inconsistent in how he approaches it . . again , to go back to my initial point , the arguments about trade imbalances , currency manipulation and so on that trump is throwing at germany , the eu , china and so on does n't neatly apply to the uk so in the context of an ` america first ' trade deal , the uk would amusingly be a decent example . 
  not to mention some ego stroking , he 'd be the first us president since roosevelt and the establishment of bretton woods to strike a trade deal with the uk ...  trump will push for the trade deal most favourable to the usa ... of course he will , and whatever he gets he 'll claim it 's the most favourable deal , it 'll be a great deal . 
  and nobody negotiates better than him , believe me ... 
  the point is that the uk and us do a decent amount of bilateral trade , some of that is encumbered by the lack of an eu/us deal ( end even if you look at the eu/canada deal , a uk/canada deal would have likely been simpler and almost certainly better on a bilateral basis . . ) . 
  it would n't be hard for any uk/us deal to gently remove barriers in a way that actually does benefit the us and uk , without needing to damage either . . oh , and at the end of the day , the us will push for its interests , and the uk will push its interests too . 
  neither side is going to take a deal that is harmful , what 'd be the point ? 
  any ` america first ' deal , would also have to be a decent deal for the uk , or it simply would n't happen and the uk would be in the same position as it is now in relation to the us , although with the option of ensuring that any barriers that do exist from the uk side ( like tariffs ) are appropriate to the uk economy without having to take into account the eu as a whole . 
  any more on that thought , or are we just going for the insults without further comment ? 
   trump does n't have the institutional competence to do it . 
  he does n't , but both the uk civil service and the us do , if it is presented in the right way it might be seen as a quick win for the us and along the lines that trump has been generally happy with , that is to say between countries with a reasonably neutral trade balance ... 
  that may well make it easier rather than harder . . 
   what the tories say and what they do are two very different things . 
  could n't agree more , but you were talking about a u-turn , but what you seem to have meant is a u-turn on a position that it was suggested the uk would take , by people who do n't like brexit , as an argument against brexit . .  liam fox has constantly said things like `` outside the eu we can import food from anywhere '' , apparently that does n't include the us now . 
  that has generally been in relation to tariffs , the eu does a lot to protect eu farmers and processors from having to compete with countries that can produce food more cheaply , regardless of the standards to which the food is produced . 
  the uk seems to have been clear that it does n't want or need those protections ( largely because of the differences between the uk farming sector and the wider eu 's ) in terms of tariffs , not in terms of processing standards or health protections . 
   i wonder how the us agricultural lobby which has a huge amount of influence in washington will see that and an upcoming trade deal between them . 
  i 'd assume they 'd see better access to the uk market as a net positive , especially given the current export barrier on foods ( including fresh vegetables , and on things like gmo 's ) where there are neither health nor safety concerns . 
  this is n't a u-turn is it ? 
  the uk has said it wants to maintain food/worker/environmental standards but reduce problematic , or overly bureaucratic measures where it can . 
  i realise that a lot of other people have been suggesting that the uk is actually trying to remove regulations , trash environmental standards and so on , but i do n't think the uk government has actually said so . 
  the closest to that has been around how the uk uses corporation tax , which is still quite a long way away from reducing standards generally . 
   no country requires internet id as is proposed . 
  the proposal is mandatory age verification ( although the discussion around it has been stupid . . ) that 's mandatory for betting sites in quite a lot of countries , and arguably applies to eu countries with strong pornography age restrictions . 
  the issue seems to be more about implementation than the actual process . 
   the uk is right on the doorstep of the eu , not following eu regulatory standards but a comprehensive trade agreements including services is impossible for eu nations . 
  for trade with the eu maybe . . domestically ideally the uk would have some sort of equivalence to allow eu firms to trade easily in the eu and for the uk to do the same , but the uk already has to meet non-eu standards and regulations for the bulk of its trade ( and obviously , much like every other country out there , the vast majority of it 's economy is domestic , so eu rules would n't need to apply there either . . ) . 
   it would give the uk the ability to monopolize foreign investment for the european market through regulatory competition , nobody except giant corporations win under these circumstances . 
  on technical/environmental/product safety regulations it matters not uk businesses will be following most of the eu regulations regardless , only now without the uk having a say you are making the assumption that the uk is looking to dump massive amounts of important regulations and significantly reduce standards . 
  it almost certainly is n't for any number of reasons , not least the fact that there would be massive popular opposition and frankly business opposition too . 
  it may well adjust some of the more noxious regulation as it applies to it 's domestic markets ( there is n't a lot of that , but there is some ... ) and look for more flexible regulation in some areas where it deals with the eu , but a wholesale slashing of regulation is very unlikely . 
  nope . 
  at the moment , if your isp blocks adult content ( as in anything for ` mature ' audiences including porn , gambling , drinking etc. . ) the holder of the contract has to ask for the block to be removed , but that does n't include you passing your isp any particular id . 
  if they demand age verification for the sites themselves then it depends on how the sites do verification . 
  gambling platforms use a number of different mechanisms ( few of which actually require you to send in id , it 's more matching names and addresses to other verifiable data ) and do n't hold a database of their customers data , just a yes/no . 
  the suggestion at the moment is to use credit cards , which throws up a load of issues . . do n't get me wrong , there are issues around this , but frankly , your isp can already tie an ip address to a bill payer so it 's hardly an entirely new threat . 
  the biggest issue as far as i am concerned is that if the government push forward with mandating a specific solution , they will probably do something daft and essentially encourage people giving personal data and potentially credit card data to sites that they really should n't ... 
   i can see court cases where the moral character of the person questioned because he watches bdsm porn , hackers blackmailing spouses , careers ruined for doing something almost all of us have done , guilty for being caught because the potential uk age verification laws mean that there is a repository of what porn people watch ? 
  that 's not the case at all ... issues around hackers blackmailing spouses or careers being ruined by people finding out about someones porn habits exist now , they are n't because of age verification legislation though , and are unlikely to be impacted by it . 
  you may not have a full understanding of what the government is proposing ( and frankly , what they are proposing is daft enough without blowing it out of all proportion ) . 
  i realise what you are trying to do , but the arguments are a bit silly . 
   internet porn registration laws germany has strict laws about age verification , so do other european countries . 
  generally the law and the actual implementation vary somewhat but hey . 
   lack of workers rights and shitty environmental protections !, 
  last i checked workers rights in the uk met or exceed eu requirements and in many areas are better than other eu countries ( although some eu countries do things better too ) . 
  the direction of travel in terms of union legislation is more concerning , as is the noise that comes out of the conservatives , but the notion that it does n't have either is a bit daft . 
  the uk is a reasonably free country , with very similar values when it comes to rights and responsibilities as other western european countries ( some different ideas about things like id cards and the relationship between the state and the individual , but broadly its similar ) . 
  things could be better , they could be a lot worse . . 
  the point that the parent is talking about is n't that the uk has to comply with eu law as an eu member state ( that much is obvious , and the uk does comply with eu law . . ) . 
  it 's why it should continue to comply with eu law outside of areas like exporting to the eu , when it has left the eu . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , it is n't part of an economic bloc and wo n't have to follow eu laws . 
  what the uk and eu will do is put together a framework that includes rules about trade , and immigration and so on that is based on whatever the two parties agree to . 
  it 'd be a bit odd for the uk to simply say it 'll follow eu laws that it no longer has any input into in much the same as it 'd be odd for the uk to expect to be able to impose rules on the eu . 
  the uk does n't have voter id outside of northern ireland ( which has a different set of issues around voting and a very different way of issuing id 's for voting ) . 
  germany and the netherlands do require people to show id when voting ( and a very different approach to id than the uk ) but it does n't seem to have been used to disenfranchise voters . . 
  it 's not id in and of itself that 's the problem ( although in the uk context , i do n't think there is any need for it , and it 'd be a step backwards . . ) it 's also about how easy or expensive it is to get that id . 
  [ nope ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mgqu6z00za ), 
   # 700 for a room with a shower and that 's not even in london that 's still on the expensive side by quite along way , you can rent a 2 bedroom house in and around manchester/sheffield/birmingham / leeds/glasgow etc. . for less than that . 
  not the nicest parts , but then every city has expensive neighbourhoods , & you can get a room for massively less in all of those cities . 
  never seen the puma used as an attack helicopter . . that 's novel . 
  yep . 
  i think most british pms have generally had one other language ( if not only because of the educational system most of them came up through . . ) . 
  it 's rarer to see them actually give interviews in a foreign language though , i know that blair did , and i think nick clegg as dpm did too . 
  i have no idea about theresa may , but i think boris speaks four languages reasonably , more if you count dead ones . 
   seems like it 's though to not let the state grab dictatorship and control the people if you look at history and today .
