  and of course the uk has opted out of quite a few of the benefits of eu membership ( and had to pay to do so oddly , you 'd think you 'd get something back . . ) like the euro and schengen , which gives you an indication of the general feeling . . 
  the idea of simply being one equal member amongst 28 eu nation states , working together for the glory of the project is not something that you will be able to sell to the uk , not the eurosceptics or the pro-eu people . 
  and that 's something that 's only going to get more acute if the divergence continues . 
  the uk voting to remain in the eu wo n't change any of that , there will still be this divide and the feeling that the uk is poorly represented within the eu . 
  has it ? 
  i must have missed that bit . 
   brexit will compromise the cohesion of the west . 
  not at all , the uk is leaving the eu not pulling out of nato or invading norway . 
  the west , especially in military and foreign policy terms will be no less cohesive , capable or powerful the day after the uk leaves the eu than a year ago ( well , depending on who does what with defence spending i suppose ) . 
  now it will mean the eu is a little weaker and a little smaller , and the uk is separate from it and looking more towards its own interest , but the eu is n't the west . 
   `` what the minister meant was that it would be good if britain remained in the eu , '' do n't you just hate it when you say one thing , but meant to say essentially the opposite , on a slightly different issue . . 
   it 's not something that i liked but it 's how elections work , i do n't see why are you so mad about this ,50.1 % of the uk voted for eurosceptic parties , that 's what happens when eu is used as a scapegoat in domestic issues . 
  because 50.1 % of people in the uk did n't vote for eurosceptic parties ... 38 % of votes went to decidedly non-eurosceptic parties , 23 % went to the tories , who sit in between and only 26 % went to ukip who are outspokenly eurosceptic . .  that 's what happens when eu is used as a scapegoat in domestic issues . 
  that 's also what happens when people broadly are n't interested in the eu , turnout was all of 35 % . . people do n't much care about the eu , very few ( including on the remain side ) like what the eu is now ... 
  so where do we go from there ? 
   if you want a proper representation , you should reform the circunscription for the european elections , the libdems getting only a seat with almost 7 % of the votes it 's a scam . 
  the problem is that we ca n't really get proper representation . 
  the major european political parties do n't really work well as they do n't tend to represent our positions , so we end up with our power diluted across the parliament ... and you can probably chalk that up as a reason why some people want to see the uk out , there does n't seem to be a place that makes a lot of sense in it for us . 
   one surely must be evil to harbour such views . 
  of course it 's not that it is evil to harbour such views . 
  just wildly unpopular if you are talking about the uk . 
  and the point above is fair , it 's not about evil , it is about perception . 
  if one is flying the flag for something that looks an awful lot like federalism , and those that have very clearly nailed their federalist colours to the mast support your position , and you should n't be surprised if you are lumped in with them . 
  i realise the junker , when he 's having a good day at least , is quite keen on the ` by any means ' approach to eu unity and progress along his preferred party . 
  we famously saw that with his `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no , we will say ` we continue ' . '' on the european constitution ( which turned out to be right , we got most of it , no-one got another say and here we are ) and it 's handily backed up by his usual and very clear position on informing the public `` . . of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? '' . 
  calling him a wolf in a red cloak pretending to be your granny seems reasonable , after all , even wolves have to eat . 
    we are already the only eu country with no meps from the epp . 
   yes , because you voted for eurosceptics firstly no , people in the uk voted for a range of parties , given labour came 2nd and were certainly not presented as eurosceptic ( and the greens are n't the lib dems are n't etc. . and the tories are at best half eurosceptic . . ) you ca n't argue that the uk voted for eurosceptics . 
  it elected quite a few but even then , not a majority . 
  and iirc there were no ( possibly one ... ) epp candidates standing in the uk either , so even with the best will in the world uk voters were n't going to be able to do much on that score . 
  i assume the point the parent would make is that whilst many might then come in to turkey the number staying would n't change , or might diminish if they can them move on to an eu country without any risk of being returned totturkey . 
  to be fair , i do n't think democracy requires broad immunity from prosecution for mps ... 
  equality before the law and all that . 
  personally i 'd rather we left . .  the benefits of staying in and the penalties of leaving are , hopefully , enough to sway the undecided vote though . 
  i hope people take a moment to look beyond the possible immediate impact and look at things like opportunity costs too . 
  i think for the uk the costs , in the medium and long term , do n't outweigh the benefits , and that a huge part of that is our different weighting of the benefits and different approaches to stuff . 
  i mean , some of the huge benefits of the eu are supposed to be the euro , schengen as well as common security and justice and so on . 
  we opted out ... as long as we have different aims to the eu , and as long as we make sure that we continue to tailor our eu memebrship we are constantly going to be pulling in a slightly different direction . 
  that has a cost for us within the eu , it 's why we do n't ` lead ' , its why we have less influence than you 'd expect . 
  now if that were reformable , if we could change it in a reasonable period , if we could turn the eu so that it 's going in the direction we 'd like then great . 
  but . . well , we ca n't can we . 
  as you pointed out , egotiation is a non-starter . 
   ` better the devil you know ' , status quo , stability , retaining close connections with trade partners etc etc. 
  and if the eu were static and there were n't any sources of instability in there , and if it were doing a good job fostering trade for us globally then that 'd make sense . 
  but really the only part of that argument that is valid is the ` better the devil you know ' bit . 
  and frankly , that 's pretty weak . 
   honestly i can see another referendum within 10 years though . 
  if we vote to remain , i ca n't see us getting another referendum in 25 years , never mind 10 . 
  there would be almost no reason for a government to provide one . 
  labour does n't want this one , the tories have provided one now and the likes of ukip are going to need more than 25 years to get anywhere close to having the clout to push for another one . 
  i 'd argue that this vote will be pretty final , it 'll stand for a long time and indeed that if it is for remain that it is used as an indication of a mandate to act , not just retain the status-quo . 
  it 'll be seen as , or at least presented as a vote of confidence in the eu institutions and project , not just the begrudging ` better the devil you know ' statement that it broadly would be . 
  i 'd add that any further reform of the eu would then be done by whatever means possible that avoid a popular vote , we wo n't see significant treaty changes , we will see existing frameworks stretched beyond any reasonable limit . 
  we wo n't have new agreements , we 'll build on what is already there . 
  so yeah . . go vote !, 
  a large number of people in the uk , both those who want the uk to remain in the eu and those who want to leave ( and those in between . . ) do n't tend to see the eu as terribly important , they do n't see it as a grand european project or something that they should engage with all that much . 
  it 's something that happens in europe and can safely be ignored as long as the uk can remain out of the euro , and schengen and hopefully any other schemes the eu dreams up . 
  many people expect uk governments to keep it that way , either by negotiating opt outs for us or curtailing what the eu can do directly . 
  lots of those on the remain side would prefer a europe that was n't about closer union , but about ... well a bit of trade , some regulations on the environment and employment , maybe some benefits for consumers , but not much else . 
  many on the leave side would probably be quite happy with a europe like that too . . 
  in fact if you add the term ` reformed ' to the question about eu membership , suddenly there is n't the same closeness as there is in current polling , most people want to be part of an eu that is different from what it is now ... 
  the uk approaches the eu differently , it is n't a project of unity , we are n't happy to give things up for progress within the project and we do n't want to be subsumed into some greater eu blob on the world stage generally . 
  that is different about the uk ( it 's not unique , but its different ) and some people see it as counter-productive rather than beneficial . . 
  how does that help ? 
  i 'm not advocating for a compromise on the principle , or indeed to compromise it , but i get the impression that a lot of people do n't understand what the principle actually is . 
  it is n't a ` ban by default ' position , it is , at best the idea that one should err on the side of caution and not allow a lack of consensus to limit intervention when there is harm . 
  have you applied for a postal vote ? 
  you do n't need a poll card to do that . 
  do n't worry about it , ours arrived today , but it will depend on your council . 
  if it still is n't with you in a few days , check whether your neighbours have received theirs and then contact your council . 
  you wo n't have dropped off the roll between the pcc vote and now . . 
  more than 5 words , it does n't count !, 
  the key point from my perspective here is this bit :  that means [ ... ] going the whole hog and integrating further , with a single banking system , a europe-wide treasury , and a democratically elected finance minister with the power to raise money in germany and spend it in greece . 
   this is not going to happen any time soon , and perhaps never . 
  countries that joined the eurozone gave up a considerable amount of economic power when they adopted the euro , but they retained the right to raise their own taxes and make their own spending decisions . 
  i 'd prefer to see the uk outside of the eu , but at the same time , no-one benefits from a weak eu . 
  whether there is sufficient will to actually go through the necessary reforms for those core eu members that already have the euro is a different question though . 
  [ link to what 's being done ] ( http://nnalliance.org/activities/news/120-fatal-motion-tabled-in-house-of-lords-to-stop-e-cigarette-regulations ) and yeah , this could be quite interesting given how popular vaping is in the uk at the moment . 
  just fucking no ... 
  turning around the precautionary principle is simply not helpful and shatters any notion of progress or innovation . 
  yes , where there are threats of serious or irreversible environmental damage a lack of full scientific certainty should n't be used as a reason for postponing cost effective measures to prevent environmental impact , but that is not the same as needing to statistically eliminate the possibility of any risk before approving an activity . 
  i mean seriously , if that 's the direction you think the eu should go then good luck ... 
  the utterly insane attack on vaping is the reason for it , the uk is actually interested in reducing smoking , so it does n't see that as a positive and a lot of people support that position . 
   they 're not gathering all online and telephone data in the uk and directly tapping our fibre optic cables to fight external threats . 
  no , but they are also doing a lot of that abroad against external threats ... 
  i suppose you could make the argument that collection is cheap , but they do it globally and are n't primarily domestically focused . 
  that does n't make mass surveillance any more palatable , but . . well , we are talking about staff numbers not capabilities . . 
   precautionary principle requires us to avoid possible causes , unless we want bee losses to continue . 
  so unless the bee populations are on the rise again , ... no , the precautionary principle does n't require us to avoid all possible causes , but rather to regulate likely causes . 
  that is exactly the point made in the report i linked above , the precautionary principle requires a rational response to uncertainty , not stopping in ones track whenever a possibility is raised . 
  if we banned everything that might possibly cause harm , we 'd be utterly fucked in terms of innovation in quite literally every area . 
  right , and if you can show that glyphosates are the cause of that , you 'd be doing better than the rest of the scientific community and could overturn some existing data !, 
  ` five eyes ' is n't a separate intelligence service , it 's countries working together , military intelligence is external , police intelligence services have a policing function ( not strictly an internal intelligence function ) . 
  things like interpol and europol are n't intelligence agencies either , europol is n't even a police agency . . 
  they do n't operate in the uk or carry out domestic spying . . gchq probably applies somewhat as an internal service , but is again more broadly an outwardly focused service . 
  so it depends on the definition to a large extent , and in the context of the uk , is probably somewhat confused by things like northern ireland . . 
  the two older romanians i worked with a while back were incredibly nice , to the point of being excessively hospitable , and would have been voted ` most likely to bring home-made bread products into the office ' by a large margin . 
  seriously , how many different types of bread are there ... ? 
  and where do i buy them now ?
