  the issue there would be that the uk deterrent is submarine launched , you ca n't really spread that around , and france did n't participate in nato nuclear sharing , so i ca n't see them doing it at an eu level either . 
  it 's a really daft idea for that reason alone ( and all the other good points you are making ) . 
   i for one do n't trust the french a bit , i know they have the know-how but they just are n't historically reliable right now , they are probably the most militarily capable and reliable member of the eu that will still be a member as and when such an army is put together , if it is . . 
  neither romania nor poland have anything like the capacity that france does . . that said , for the likes of poland and romania , nato is likely to be the best bet in terms of defence . 
  what you are suggesting then is that eu members will maintain their existing forces , and pay for additional eu forces , and that the latter is supposed to make up for at least some of the potential loss of us support via nato . 
  that means massive spending ( which is n't going to happen given members are n't even funding their own armed forces at present ) or a largely ineffective force , potentially just command elements and a notional army made up of existing bits eu member have . . at that point , why bother ? 
  you may as well just improve procurement and joint development projects . . 
   but there is no doubt that the platform that ukip and leave.eu ran strongly on all of those points . 
  oh that i can agree with somewhat , the public campaigns ( in fact both the public campaigns . . ) were utterly nightmarish . 
  the question really is whether that translates into the argument related to fascism , personally i do n't think it does . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that the commercial viability of these has been shown via the various test beds that have and are still being funded . 
  essentially the costs are now lower to do these things , so the subsidy to do them is n't as vital ( they are likely to be profitable . . ) . 
  do you seriously think those are the only reasons people voted to leave the eu , or might they be some of the caricatures of the positions both presented and held were , that led to the uk vote . . 
   he 's still pretty central in uk politics he 's very visible , but he 's not central to it . 
  he has managed to use a very small amount of influence very effectively though , but broadly he pushed in directions that lots of people who did n't support him wanted . .  and what 's all the more worrying is the xenophobia that he has stirred up is now coming into government policy as they try to appease the morlocks . 
  we 've seen that in the mad rush to limit immigration for some time . 
  the point there is that there has been a significant feeling that immigration is the cause of several pressures ( wrongly in my view , but hey ) that do exist , on housing , services and jobs . 
  i do n't think we 've seen any particularly new xenophobic government policies , but rather a continuation of existing anti-migration positions . .  i 'm not saying that may is a fascist , she 's not , she 's quite far right , about as far as thatcher , but not a fascist ... yet . 
  no she is n't , she 's a conservative and as much as i dislike her particular brand of politics , she is n't close to being a fascist . 
   that sentiment is strong in the uk at present . 
  brexit really highlights it , and it 's foolish to think that 's it and now they 're going to go away . 
  i do n't think brexit highlights a shift toward fascism at all though . 
  it was supported by people on the right and left , on the right , the bulk of the support will have come from conservatives that are n't even close to being further right than may ( older people for one , professionals for another ) . 
  trying to equate a vote for leaving the eu with fascism is pretty bizarre . .  banks has stated that he is going to get more involved in politics and is hoping to reinvent ukip , and to me he is the worst of this lot , a true psychopath , a man who proudly admitted to lying and twisting words to suit his racial agenda . 
  and banks has even less support than farage does , so again , that 's really not terribly relevant unless something changes . 
  i do n't see it as likely to . 
  you sort of have to remember that ukip has been held in contempt by much of the media , by most moderate voters ( the bulk . . ) , the young and the old etc. 
  the vast majority of people who voted leave in the referendum would n't vote for ukip in a local election , never mind a parliamentary one , so i think the view that ukip somehow can be used to define an issue in uk politics as regards fascism , is pretty much just wrong . 
   and as things progress , and it becomes obvious that extracting the uk from the eu is more challenging than the ukips promised and the fallout from the collapsing economy start to hit home , they will be picking up more and more ground i seriously doubt that , firstly because the economy is n't going to collapse , or even be seen as collapsing . 
  secondly because if it were , ukip are associated with the leave decision . 
  either way , there is very little to push people toward ukip . .  and right now , the ukips have barely lost ground and are polling around where they were in august of last year ( for whatever polls are worth ) . 
  largely because they have managed to push the argument that the uk government may not trigger an exit . 
  when it does , they become less useful as a protest party ( and there are plenty of protest parties , left and right , to choose from once ukip loses their single issue attraction ) . 
  farage is n't in government though , his party has precisely 3 seats in parliament and is going to get less popular not more after the uk has left the eu . . farage is a tit , but he was a one issue tit and did well on that one issue . 
  that issue is now broadly gone and the remaining issues that people in the uk are bothered about are still broadly being addressed ( in different ways ) by the conservatives , liberals , greens , the snp , labour and others . 
  if ukip were resurgent and looking like they might become the third , or even fourth largest party it might make sense to be concerned , but given that they are n't , it does n't seem terribly relevant . . farage may well have fascist tendencies you 'd have to ask him . . 
  but he faces far more opposition than he has support . . 
   i would love for the uk to rejoin and integrate with the eu and i think we will to some extent , given for the lukewarm support of the eu as a political project in the uk , do you think that there would be any significant amount of support in anything but the very far distant future , for joining a more integrated eu , and without the opt-outs the uk currently has ? 
  i really do n't see it . 
   on a day when there is a march to protest the legal decision of judges to follow the rule of law and xenophobic sentiment is coupled with a cult of personality , you 're looking at the rise of facisim in the uk . 
  so to be clear , on a day where people protest ( for whatever stupid reasons . . ) against a decision by the judiciary you have fascism ? 
  we saw protests around court cases before , although then it was aimed at extradition decisions or criminal proceedings related to environmental protests . . its not a new thing for people to protest when there is a major decision being made in court . 
  surely in a democracy , people have a right to assemble and protest about whatever they want . .  it 's not being called that because it 's a loaded term , but that 's what farage , banks , the ukips and the mail , express and sun represent . 
  i do n't really know what they represent , certainly a mishmash of right wing ideas , quite a few rather nasty traits , but fascism ? 
  come on . . 
   yes , i hear this term being bandied about in this subreddit all the time when referring to people of the working class to be fair , it 's a real term for losing your job where you job ceases to exist , rather than being fired or otherwise losing your job because of something you 've done . 
  it 's not a derogative term , or only used when referring to people of any particular class . . ) . 
  as to the rest , no i do n't think you can get what you are suggesting , france and germany are the largest economies in the eu , they have the most meps and as part of that they have a disproportionate amount of influence when wanting the eu to do something ( although many states have the ability to prevent action . . ) . 
  if you want positive change , that 'll only really come if there is a push from people across the eu , and that does n't seem terribly likely at the moment either . 
   and your solution is to set up your own military at vastly increased costs ? 
  i 'm willing to bet that the plan ends up being to set up a combined military that saves eu members money , and handily without any one eu member being responsible . 
  if it ends up constrained as a defence force too , it wo n't have the kind of capabilities you might expect from something intended to back eu foreign policy either . . 
  it 'll be a cost cutting exercise that ends up cutting capabilities too , and it 'll probably end up running along side other national assets ( because france is n't going to hand over it 's expeditionary capabilities or nuclear weapons to eu control . . ) and not really work as a thing . 
   ( as brexiteers tend to be ) i doubt that . . 
  given that 84 % of people in the uk agree that climate change is happening , climate sceptics are very much on the fringe and a minority and a large number of people are eurosceptic the numbers do n't really add up . 
  that said , you can probably argue that climate sceptics are more likely to have backed leaving the eu , you ca n't argue that people who want to leave the eu are usually also climate sceptics . . 
   its lower levels of subsidy for renewables than previously . 
  they are continuing to cut incentives for renewables . 
  i think that 's largely because renewables have become more economically viable and the same level of subsidy is n't required . 
  that 's entirely sensible , you continue to nudge people in the right direction , but you do n't spend more than you have to , to do it . 
  momentarily thought it was in inches . . 
  i think the usual argument there is that ` their ' senators and congressmen are valiantly battling for their interests in a system that does n't work , it 's the other peoples senators and congressmen that are n't . . 
  it does n't have to make a whole lot of sense , i mean , whilst the us just elected trump , they also elected the candidate from one of the only two parties that have ever held power in the us . 
  it 's not quite the same as a third party coming through and winning an election in say germany or france . 
  i 'd argue that the the why is complicated , but the mechanism actually quite obvious , it 's just that it is n't really what people want to hear so they are ignoring it and looking for other answers . 
  it comes down to people voting for political change ( radical change in the case of trump . . ) in the face of feeling fairly disenfranchised with the existing political system and the outcome for them . 
  basically people who previously did n't vote on things , went out and voted because they felt it would make a difference , something we have been trying to get people to do for a long time as turnouts have fallen in elections . 
  now that people are doing it , it seems to be upsetting large portions of the population that they are n't voting along the same lines , just in larger numbers than everyone else . . 
   so , there 's a chance that england , wales , scotland and northern ireland are fucked and britain is dead . 
  with or without the uk leaving the eu , there was a slim chance that the uk would go through some major changes , the chances of it happening now are still incredibly slim . 
   dealing with the future relationship with the eu is a different matter and should be dealt with separately . 
  yup , and that really will form a big part of parliaments job , they will have to approve any new agreement and deal with all the legislative changes . 
  presumably the draft will be relatively clean , no doubt some amendments will be offered , but whether they make it into the bill or not is a different issue and seems a little unlikely at this point , although we 'll see . 
  . . slovenia really is lovely ... 
  it 's quite funny , and he 's very funny on occasion , but hey , he plays a particular stereotype pretty well and it works for the americans . . 
  i get that people have very different tastes in humour , and indeed that on the us side there is a different view on the whole eu membership thing , and indeed a a bit of conflation between brexit and a potential vote for trump , but hey , politics travels badly as a concept . 
   i do n't like him . 
  i can tell , and he 's wrong on brexit , but it 's easy to see why a lot of people like him . 
  the reduction in students is utterly daft , i realise that the government used it as a handy way to reduce numbers in an easy , visible manner , but frankly it does n't address the issues that those who have a problem with immigration actually have and it harms both universities and businesses generally . 
  you 'd think that nice the uk has left it might reverse some of more stupid positions that have been taken recently , but oddly enough i do n't see it . . 
   but more of a notice that if you want to do this you need to enter exit negotiations . 
  to be fair i 'm reasonably sure the uk can make whatever commitments it wants given they would n't come into play until the uk has left . 
  in the same vein the uk can hold discussions with industry , other countries or anyone else really , what they ca n't do is act formally on those discussions until they have left . 
  whether or not a uk agreement breaches eu rules at that point may or may not be relevant ( depending on what agreements the uk has with the eu at that point ) . 
  that said looking into this is potentially reasonable in that it might have an impact now ( lets say the uk guarantees a tax cut to a company in 3 years to boost investment now ) but it 'd be a more complex calculation because there is a difference between state aid , and pointing out what the uk governments position would be at a given time under a different rule set . . 
  it 's quite interesting really , the uk for example has specialised and does incredibly well by comparison - uk companies currently account for a bit over 11 % of the operations market for space vehicle , and a decent share in quite a lot in other areas , all in all the uk currently sees around 7.7 % of the global space industry 's annual turnover ... 
  sadly that 's not matched by government spending on space ( which is well below the average ... ) . 
  this seems slightly silly because it ca n't really be enforced from the eu end and frankly , expressing concerns and asking for anything from guarantees through to assurances on any given issue is entirely reasonable for industry to do . 
   as the old die off the leave vote reduces ... so i would expect the uk to be back for a eu2 .0 i doubt that very much . . you might be right in saying that in 10 years some proportion of those who voted leave will have simply died off ( although , so will the smaller proportion in that age group who voted remain . . ) and that might potentially ( assuming no other changes . . ) mean that more of those who voted remain still exist at that point . 
  but do you really think that a majority of people , even in 20 years , would vote to join the eu ? 
  it 's a very different question to leave an existing union after all , and there does n't seem to be a lot of appetite for that outside of the very pro-eu groupings , who make up a small minority of the remain group , never mind the electorate . 
   are there any sign that there will be a majority voting for article 50 ? 
  the conservatives have a working majority and seem likely to back it , labour are the second largest grouping and some proportion of their mps will likely back it too . 
  even if everyone else votes against , essentially the conservatives have a working majority of 14 , and i 'd be somewhat surprised if the number of labour votes supporting leave is lower than the number of tories who vote against the party line in a whipped vote . 
  the lords is where it might get interesting , but they ca n't block it entirely either . 
  and that all assumes that the government does n't win the appeal to the high court decision in december . 
   why is democracy and accountability damning ? 
  it 's not . 
  but this is n't accountability and democracy . 
  if anything it is an end run around it , the presentation of an agreement after negotiations , it is essentially brinkmanship , if member states do n't agree you lose the whole agreement .
