  how ? 
  its a security barrier at a port that has some real security problems . 
  no one is suggesting building a wall along the uk coast and somehow demanding the french pay for it . . 
   they decided to leave eu now let 's them take care of there own problems . 
  the problem is in france , not the uk . 
  there is nothing to stop france from withdrawing from the agreements it has in place with the uk and then removing the juxtaposed controls , but that does n't solve the problem either , it 's not like the uk is going to allow entry to people with no grounds for applying for asylum or migrants who have n't applied and been granted leave to enter the uk . 
  the issue is a large number of undocumented people in france , not that the uk wo n't allow a large number of undocumented people into the uk . . 
  they are outside of the uk though , the wall is to make it harder for them to get in to the house , as it were . 
  you 'd assume the french police would . 
  although if the security situation ever deteriorates to the point where there is a realistic prospect of people actively blowing up infrastructure then i 'd assume we 'd have bigger issues and we 'd see port closures ... 
   i do n't understand the snp . 
  they push for referendums yet never accept the results . 
  regardless of where you or i stand on the issue , there is a large appetite for independence in scotland , that does make it a political issue and one that will remain after each referendum ( much like we will likely see calls to join the eu again in the uk . . ) . 
  its perfectly reasonable then for the snp to argue for independence and to try and bring about conditions where the electorate support that . 
  of course currently that support is n't there , and , as you point out there are now growing issues with the practicality of independence , but the snp and others in scotland who advocate independence are going to keep pushing for referendums , after all , they are n't simply following scottish public opinion they are trying to shape it . 
  it 's an issue for scots , although i doubt we will a significant swing towards independence to the point that it becomes a reality any time soon . 
  the argument would be that currently a very large chunk of that 54 % , is in markets that the eu does not have trade agreements with ( bar the issues around the wto ) . 
  making sure there is a reasonable agreement in place with the eu is pretty important ( given the eus position in uk trade ) but bolstering relationships outside of the eu , and actually being able to negotiate and implement trade agreements with other countries could well have a beneficial impact on uk trade outside of the eu too . 
  its not a zero sum game and the uk will be negotiating from a different position , it wo n't have to take into account the needs of 27 other countries in every agreement , and that is quite valuable . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , and the issue is in france not the uk . 
  the solution from the uk side is to protect the uk border , what will the french response be , because there needs to be one , preferably one that does n't completely screw up french farmers and businesses that export to the uk , or those areas of france that are dependant on uk tourists . . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/48/ ), 
  that mostly hurts france though ( and has a fairly direct impact on french farmers ... ) , so i ca n't see it being a terribly popular notion in paris . 
  i have , i do n't think you have ... 
  erm , yes actually . 
  without entry clearance the uk would n't even look at asylum applications , anyone arriving in dover would be denied entry to the uk and returned to france ... 
  the only way migrants would be able to get into the uk ( even to the point of applying for asylum ) would be to do so clandestinely . 
  given they would be coming from france , a safe country , the chances are that anyone claiming asylum would be denied entry on the basis that they should have applied in france and anyone without entry clearance who is not applying for asylum would be denied entry on the basis of having no entry clearance . 
  all allowing migrants from calais through to dover would achieve is a trip over the channel and back for those migrants . 
  the uk does n't have to let them in to the uk , and unlike france the uk can show where they came from ( i.e. 
  france . . ) . 
   so either violate their right to non-refoulement no . . that would indicate grounds for asylum . 
  if they have grounds to claim asylum then it 'd either be a case of processing in france , or the first safe country . 
   or send them to italy from where they can make the trip again ... yup , cost of having no internal borders . 
  although i 'd argue that returning them to italy should then lead to detention leading to deportation , or a decision on asylum . 
  that 's something that should be being dealt with by schengen members . .  whichever option , it is much more doable to do it from the uk than from france : at least people there will tell a story instead of hiding whatever could identify them as much as they can . 
  how is it more doable to do it from the uk ? 
  they are n't in the uk , it is n't a uk problem and does n't become one even if france gets rid of the juxtaposed controls . 
  france ca n't make it the uks problem without violating some international norms and screwing over its own haulage and ferry operators . . 
  yes some people might apply for asylum in the uk , but then again i 'm betting that most wont and again , most would n't qualify as they are coming from france ... 
  it 'd be simpler for france to either detain or process , than try to shift them to the uk for the uk to detain and process if for no other reason than for the uk to do it , it would mean another border crossing and no doubt issues for hauliers and ferry operators . 
   dover is british soil , once someone is on british soil they can ask for asylum there . 
  they can , and they can be denied immediately and put back on a ferry to france , because they are coming from france ...  at this point whether you accept it or not is not france 's problem any longer , because when you claim they could be because when you claim they could be   returned to france  what makes you think france will accept that ? 
  i may be wrong , but afaik there is no readmission treaty between france and the uk so your notion is that if they leave france on ferries and are turned around at dover , france will refuse them entry on the way back , but the uk ca n't refuse them entry on arrival in the uk ? 
  the uk denies entry to anything up to 15k people at the port of dover each year , they are all returned to their port of origin as it is known , usually that 'd be a french port . 
  and again , if the french authorities were to try and ship migrants over the channel to the uk via ferry , they uk would have to either limit access to uk ports or find some way to use fined to make it unworkable for the operators . 
  or to put it another way , these people are in france , what makes you think the uk would accept that ? 
  on readmission agreements specifically , i think the uk and france are currently bound by directives that cover that as part of their eu memberships ( although i think the uk negotiates its own with countries outside of the eu . . ) and i 'd assume that in the future the uk will have an agreement with the eu rather than with france ... 
  but at present i do n't think france can refuse the return of its own citizens , other eu citizens or third party nationals that came from france . . 
   and remove them where ? 
  either to their country of residence , or their country of origin , or the country from which they entered france . 
  whichever is more doable . 
  obviously there is a need to do something at the schengen level ( essentially there is a cost to having open borders ... ) and that would likely take care of the latter . 
  in any case , it has to be better than having undocumented migrants setting up large camps in french cities . . and for the remainder , there are tools like detention available ( france and the uk use immigration detention as it is . . ) . 
  and again , all of this should only apply where there is n't a case for asylum , so this is about migrants not asylum seekers with legitimate claims and to which we have a real responsibility . 
   we are talking about people who will actively try to hide anything that could tie them to any nationality ( as opposed , btw , to what would happen in britain , where they would have to give a nationality and a story to request asylum ) and if they have one it is war-torn somalia or eritrea . 
  i suppose the point we have to make clear then is that they would n't be eligible for asylum in the uk as they are coming from france , via other safe countries , so it is in their best interests to apply in france . 
  of course it 's probably safer to assume that the bulk of those in calais do n't want to apply for asylum in the uk either , they simply want to be in the uk . 
   you do n't seem to realise those rules you are clinging to are completely moot . 
  if you do n't accept people who are actually in danger at home on the sole ground that they have n't followed the proper procedure , then where are you sending them ? 
  back to their home country ? 
  back to that first safe country , so that they can start the trip all over again ( and of course those `` first safe countries '' generally have their hands full and wo n't be happy about britain just sending back more problem ) . 
  if we know they are coming from france , they 'd simply be denied entry ( a decision that can be made in dover ... ) and returned to france . 
  its much harder for france because there are no border controls on french borders . 
  that 's a schengen issue , it 's essentially one of the costs of having open borders and i would assume is massively outweighed by the benefit of those open borders . 
  the uk does n't have open borders , it does n't see the benefits of having open borders and it spends money to protect its borders . 
  that 's the compromise . 
  france does n't get to simply try and pass its responsibilities on and i doubt the uk would accept any attempt to do so . 
   but they wo n't , which means that the only way they can stay in france is in those camps . 
  surely without any sort of right to reside in france , there should be a process in place to detain and remove people ... 
  i actively do n't understand on what basis people see it as acceptable to simply ignore almost 20k people . 
  i realise that france has different rules on detention and removal ( the uk has arguably lower bars to detention . . ) but it can and does detain and remove people fairly regularly . 
  why is n't that happening in calais ? 
   if that problem is to be solved then the uk will have to either get its hands dirty or accept them . 
  the uk does n't have to accept them , they are coming from a safe country and some proportion will have no grounds for asylum in the first place . 
  the uk is already paying for security , it is helping the french police do its job and frankly beyond that it really has to come down to france having to show that it is in control of its own territory . 
  i realise its easier for the uk , as a non-schengen member and as an island , to protect its borders , but france is n't powerless , and the uk does n't have to reduce it 's protections just because france has failed to put in place its own . 
   are you seriously suggesting this would happen over 2000 persons wanting to cross ? 
  its apparently closet to 18000 just in the jungle at present . 
  that said , it would n't so much be about the current number , it would be about the additional migrants who would ( whether rightly or wrongly ) see it as an easy way to get to the uk . 
  it would encourage more people to go to calais and so try to enter the uk . 
  and yes , i do think that would happen if france tried to push it 's migrant problem across the border , the uk would act to protect its borders , and it is in a better position than france in that regard given it is an island and not part of schengen . 
   but there is one for the uk , which is precisely the point . 
  but the situation is stuck because they are unwilling to hear the asylum requests and then either grant them or deny them . 
  they are n't in the uk , they are in france , a safe country , which means any asylum application to the uk is going to be hard to justify in the first place , never mind the fact that anyone applying would have travelled through a number of safe countries . 
  they could apply for asylum in france , given they are in france , and then france could either accept or deny them asylum . . 
   to solve a problem that exists only because france let 's british police operate inside french border and stop migrants before they get a chance to set a foot on british soil . 
  the problem does n't ` exits only ' because of the juxtaposed controls , far from it . 
  the problem exists because so far neither france nor other eu government have managed to secure their external borders effectively ( not surprising given it 'd be hard and costly . . ) , it is exacerbated by france allowing migrants to congregate in calais and not having the political will or apparently a decent legal framework in place to deal with the issue . 
   what 's in it for france exactly ? 
  why should they do your dirty work instead of just revoking the touquet agreement ? 
  it 's good for french truckers and farmers in that it makes moving goods to the uk easier , the alternative is more scrutiny on arrival and more individuals returned to france after crossing the channel . 
  if france decided to pull out of the touquet agreement it would n't suddenly mean that all the migrants in calais could go to the uk , it would simply put a massive burden on the ferry operators and involve lots of people being turned back by the uk . 
  i doubt very much that the uk or france wants to see restrictions on ferries or the eurotunnel , but even closing the tunnel would n't be catastrophic for either side , nor would switching the ferry routes . 
  it would cost both sides money of course , but i 'm honestly not sure if it would be enough to offset the political impact in the uk of france decided to essentially allow migrants to pass into secure areas around the tunnel or ports . 
  oh and lets be clear whilst freight traffic through the tunnel is large , there are alternatives open to importers and exporters , none quite as convenient , but then that convenience is built upon the touquet agreement . 
  as for tourism , something like 85 % of the tourist traffic through the eurotunnel is uk tourists ( and cars . . ) heading to france or returning home . . 
  in short , there is no quick fix for the french , this is n't france doing the uk a favour , this is more about some in france making out that this is somehow the uks fault for having juxtaposed controls at all . 
  the idea that removing those controls removes the problem is false , it 'd just end up making everything a bit more awkward . 
  which is why no-one seems to be seriously suggesting any change to the agreement . .
