  do you have any industry background ( i 'm an outsider ) , or was it just a guess ? 
  i used to work for a broker ( although before 2008 . . ) , but in terms of financial market ratings , there are various kinds , using different metrics on different categories and include everything from human capital to the more normal trade volumes and the size of capital markets and other financial markets . 
  the one that most people cite is the gfci , london is usually number one or two , zurich tends to sit around the middle of the top 10 and the largest eu centre tends to be luxembourg ( with frankfurt just about getting into the top 20 . . ) . 
   i 've been reading a lot about frankfurt and paris , but ... zurich ... ? 
  geneva tends to be deemed larger too , as is luxembourg ( although in all cases it depends on the metrics you use , and none are close to london in size ) . 
  the reason you hear frankfurt and paris is because they are in the eu . . 
  the other thing to consider is that frankfurt and zurich have been promoted as real competitors for londons position , especially around the euro , because they are in the eu and because they are in the eurozone . 
  that has been said for a long time , but they have n't managed to get anywhere close . 
  that 's for a number of reasons , even if you ignore the fact that there is a vast amount of business carried out in london , that it has built that over centuries , that europes capital markets are there , that it 's basically the global centre for currency trades ( including the euro the eu ca n't regulate that away either , not without doing fatal harm to the euro you are still left with some real issues for potential eu centres . . banks like the way the uk regulates and globally , the uk 's legal and law are very popular for contracts . . employment laws play a part too , as does the tax system and language . 
  if you throw in the less business friendly national regulations and remember that there is still a push for a financial transactions tax in the eu it gets pretty muddy . 
  yes frankfurt and paris can and , with the right approaches will grow , but that trust has to be built , if you think there is a good chance the next government will throw a 90 % tax on your bonuses , or make you take on more staff due to a cut in hours workable , you might find it hard to justify a move for a small part of your business . 
   furthermore , switzerland sitting on the naughty step at the moment , having voted in the referendum to restrict free movement . 
  yeah , that is n't a great situation and the eu is screwing itself pretty hard , however ...  passporting could be cut off at any time by the eu , therefore financial institutions would probably prefer to be in frankfurt or paris swiss banks do not have passporting rights . 
  that should give you an indication of what preferences banks have in terms of paris or frankfurt . 
  they do operate their european investment banking businesses through subsidiaries , and that would be an option for the uk , but i would be willing to bet that uk banks will look to dublin for setting up small subsidiaries because dublin tends to be more business friendly and familiar . . 
  there is a belief that passporting is some sort of be all and end all , that the uk 's financial sector will fall without it , or indeed that it is the reason the uk is successful . 
  it is n't , it 's important but its not the be all and end all , it 's also likely something that will be available under negotiation to some extent at least given the benefits to the eu . . 
  even without it , the third country equivalence that are likely going to be provided for under mifid ii , not to mention that passporting for non-eu countries are being pushed under things like aifmd too . 
  at the end of the day the eu wants access to global markets , it wants the euro to be seen as a serious currency and it does n't want to be seen as acting overly protectionist , because all of that hurts confidence the eu . 
  the chances are that the uk and eu will put together a sensible arrangement that means both end up in a decent position . 
   oh yeah there will be lots of change , for everyone . 
  not a huge amount , it 'll only impact some of the uk 's business in the eu , and some of that will simply be fixed by having branch operations in ireland , for uk businesses and branch operations in the uk for eu ones . 
   it 's even possible that no super-financial center exists in europe after this . 
  like new-york regaining market share . 
  that 's incredibly unlikely , london is n't going anywhere in the short or medium term and zurich is n't going anywhere either . 
  if anything , the new eu directives intended to open the uk to more international competition will help the uk maintain and build on its position . . 
  the ` so ' is that without passporting those firms ca n't sell in the uk anymore , which means they are either going to have to set up an in country hq to trade in the uk or ( more likely ) the eu and uk will have to put something in place that replaces the current passporting regime , either using some of the stuff already in the pipeline , or something bespoke that works for both sides . 
  it did n't seem relevant in context to name the city . 
  most people would either know or could look it up and i was talking about london . 
  i did n't qualify what kind of financial services , define what london 's position is or specify what benefits the eu gets either . . 
  it 's not relevant to the point i was making . . 
  did n't seem relevant , but it 's zurich , if you are asking . . 
  i 'm not sure that they will , i think they already have the support of the vehemently pro-eu types , they will still be competing with the greens in the same space , and they will likely have an issue if they continue to press for a new referendum and continued eu membership in the face of the negotiations and the uk on an exit track . 
  it 's not as though the people who voted to remain in the eu see that as their most important issue , the lib dems would end up at best , with the same sort of distributed support that ukip had ( so maybe 12 % of the vote ) under the best of circumstances . 
   if the uk does in fact go ahead with a hard brexit , as is being suggested is there anyone credibly suggesting that ? 
   this idea that scotland should wait `` because maybe it 'll all be fine '' is a britnat fantasy . 
  i think the argument at the moment is n't so much that scotland should wait `` because maybe it 'll all be fine '' but rather that the snp will wait because losing another referendum would be a blow and at present it seems that would be the most likely outcome . 
  i 'd assume that anyone wanting to see the uk continue as part of the uk would either prefer not to see a referendum at all , or see one as soon as possible . . 
   nhs refuses to prescribe prep the nhs was advised that it 's not in its remit to do so , but rather that it should be funded by local authorities who have the remit for funding preventative services . . 
  but local government funding has been ripped to shreds by the current governments austerity programmes . . 
  either way , this should n't be an either or position , both are important , both should be funded . 
   i 'm pretty sure brexiters would want this money spent at home too . 
  some maybe , but it 's an important part of the uks role in the wider world and something i think countries have a responsibility to do and indeed see benefits from . 
  the notion that those who support brexit are all isolationists and internally focused really is n't accurate , it was just a handy way to attack one side during the referendum . 
  that would have been a really problematic move for non-euro countries though , it could have been achieved with some changes though . . 
   if for example german citizens wo n't need visas or work permit in the uk , they will demand the same conditions for v4 citizens too . 
  which seems unlikely , i 'd assume that any visa system will be conditional and not entirely based on nationality . . 
  i ca n't see the uk applying visitor visas to eu citizens given how much visa free travel there is . . 
  if there is a work visa system in place , and its based on education , skills , income requirements , job offers etc. . it might favour some eu countries over others initially , but only because of the kinds of people migrating , not because of their nationality . 
  it is . . 
  although :  malta prime minister joseph muscat said on monday night in new york that any deal for the u.k. must be `` inferior '' to the benefits of membership . 
  is a line that can be read any way you like it . 
  i 'd argue that the uk , on leaving would lose lots of things that the eu would normally define as benefits ( political participation , free movement , the chance to join the euro , chance to participate in a joint eu army etc. . ) that i do n't see as benefits . 
  so not having those , is an inferior deal , albeit a deal that many in the uk would see as preferable . . 
  this seems like a good idea generally ( we should encourage people , or at least people have the opportunity to travel ! ), 
  but to strengthen the idea of the union , and to get people to share in the project , it needs to be clearer what the project is and to actively listen and advocate for what people want from the eu . . 
  to be fair , the next largest financial centre in europe is n't in the eu either ( and does n't have the same access as the uk does as an eu member . . ) . 
  there is a lot more to london 's position than passporting and eu membership and obviously there is a benefit to eu members to have access to london . 
  there seem to be a lot of people that think ` cutting london off ' from the eu will somehow being benefits to the eu and allow eu members to grow their financial services and ` take ' business from london . 
  the reality is that they currently ca n't compete and unless other things change , the uk leaving the eu wo n't improve their competitiveness , at most it will mean that eu firms have less access to the services they want . 
  i 'd put mine in switzerland !, 
   if europe wants to be a united front that ensures peace on the continent , the member states should just join nato . 
  my god no , where did you get this idea ? 
  the point with an eu army is that you can spend less , get less and blame someone else !, 
  i 'm somewhat sceptical ( although i think the eu will manage to come to terms with itself ... ) because of the kinds of issues we have seen during trade negotiations . . 
  essentially the eu is n't very good at representing all the interests of its members , and so when they have a say they can make a right meal of things . 
  that said , i do n't really see many other ways of doing something like this . 
  maybe this time we could fight it somewhere else though . 
  [ churchill 's iron curtain speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_curtain#iron_curtain_speech ) . 
  i assumed that 's what the parent was getting at too . 
  indeed . . 
  the unfortunate clash of narrative necessity and geographic reality . 
  you have to take into account when the speech was given . . churchill 's ` iron curtain ' takes into account the soviet occupation zones hence , the reference to both berlin and vienna ( because both were then divided between all the allies , but within the soviet zones ) . 
  vienna was occupied by the soviets until 1955 , it 's basically why austria is still nominally neutral . 
  it 's a reference to churchill 's iron curtain speech : * `` from stettin in the baltic to trieste in the adriatic an `` iron curtain '' has descended across the continent . 
  behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of central and eastern europe . 
  warsaw , berlin , prague , vienna , budapest , belgrade , bucharest and sofia ; '' * . . 
  or szczecin to trieste if we really want to turn the clock back . . 
  to roll this back to the first point then . . 
  the eu does get an undue amount of credit in some areas , yet the issue that the eu has on subjects like this ( where it has actually done a good job of convincing some people it is doing a lot and providing something valuable . . ) is that it is open to criticism under any kind of scrutiny . 
  the problem with the eu is n't that member states blame it for unpopular policies , it 's that the eu is set up in such a way that it makes it possible for member states to use the eu in that fashion . 
  it 's not just a pr problem , in fact it is n't primarily a pr problem , its a structural problem . 
  that 's before you even start looking at peoples expectations about what the eu should be ... 
  yup , probably ... 
  it 'd probably see broader support too , but it would end up looking very different from the eu as it currently exists . 
  its not just that though , the uk spends a vast amount of money on investment ( not as much as it should , but its still a huge number ) the eu spends a comparably small amount in the uk , tiny really compared to national expenditure , something that is true to a greater or lesser extent in every eu member state . 
  but the perception is very different . 
  the convoluted arguments about the uk losing eu funding , and what that means has really highlighted that over the last few months , and shown that there is real confusion both about the scale of eu investment and indeed the amounts the uk spends . 
   in areas where there is lot of mixed cultures i do n't think is as bad . 
   last week someone was murdered , and here is another headline from yesterday indeed and both are deplorable , but sadly they are n't exclusive to the uk . 
  france has seen a spate of attacks on chinese residents recently , a professor was beaten up in warsaw after he was heard speaking german , germany had 918 politically motivated attacks on foreigners in 2015 , and 70 + arson attacks on asylum centres . . 
  there is a spotlight on the issue in the uk post brexit , and there may well be an increase in these kinds of attacks , but they are far from common , and again , the uk is n't an outlier when it comes to racist attacks . 
   thank you for that . 
  you do need to pay into the pot for 30 years at lest for the basic pension , on in the uk , till you 69 , and is that pot that i mean , e.g if someone wants to work for 5 or 10 years in one eu country and then move on to another country , such contributions could be taken with you , at this moment , most people just stay in a country as they build their lives and pay/build their pension contributions . 
  that 's a clearer notion , although again , the uk has agreements in place to make it possible for a person in the uk to use their time abroad to make up the qualifying years needed for the uk state pension . 
  generally that applies to the eea + switzerland , but there are also social security agreement with other countries . 
  the example hmrc give is that if you had ` seven qualifying years from your time in the united kingdom on your national insurance record when you reach state pension age ' but you also ` worked in an eea country for 16 years and paid contributions to that country 's state pension ' then those contributions would count towards a state pension for you in that country , but you 'd also ` meet the minimum ten qualifying years to get the new state pension because of the time you worked overseas ' and again , your private pension ( s ) are often country agnostic too , as long as you are meeting the contributions . 
  the uk will also generally let you make up ni contributions for some number of years ( and claim contributions for periods where you did n't work because you were bringing up kids and so on ... ) . 
   england is exceptional bad for racism believe me , if you doubt this try to walk around waving a european flag or for that matter a scottish flag and see if you get attacked by someone . 
  yeah , that 's simply not true . .
