  there are several other areas where the intent and direction is clear , like on foreign policy , or on policing or latterly on military cooperation . 
  all of these things , to work properly , require a further pooling of sovereignty and so a grant of additional or expanded competencies to the eu . . 
  the leave and remain campaigns were pretty shite generally , but the vote was based on a fairly long term set of positions , to claim that people know fuck all because they voted to leave is daft and inaccurate . 
  yeah , goes without saying , i was mostly pointing out that it covers remain voters too , as i think most people would see leave voters as wanting eu powers reduced . . 
  although i suppose there might be one or two who are unhappy that the eu is n't a full on federal system and voted to leave because of that , but it 'd presumably be somewhat rarer . . 
   really ? 
  i think most people have fuck all of a clue which competencies the eu has . 
  fair enough , but they tend to know when its an area they are interested in . .  do you consider yourself at least as knowledgeable as most people ? 
  yes ? 
   because we could put it to the test right here  and you can even use google . 
  put what to the test exactly ? 
  whether i know what competencies the eu has , how they exercise them or what ? 
   but the eu can not do that , only the member states can agree to give the eu the power to do that . 
  so if people believe this they are misinformed on the subject . 
  i agree with you . . 
  it does n't change the fact that the eu as a project has been driven forward in a way that is problematic . 
  you can either put that down to pushing too far ahead when there was n't enough support from members to do something properly , or being held back by members through a lack of support . 
  either way the result is the same , we have poorly implemented policies that are prone to run into problems when there is a crisis . 
  that is the fault of the member states , acting through the eu . 
  the problem however remains the same ...  or are arguing for giving more power to the eu . 
  yes . . 
  i do n't want the uk to be part of the eu at least partly because it is absolutely clear that for the eu to function properly , members are going to have to devolve more powers to the eu as a whole . . that should be clear to pretty much anyone . 
  of the two routes for eu reform the only one that seems viable without being destructive is closer integration ( potentially mutli-speed . . ) , that means giving the eu the powers it needs in areas of economic and monetary policy , it means expanding foreign policy competencies , if the eu does go down the route of building an army , then you need more accountability , real control over those forces and so on . . 
  the problem with the eu is that it has just too much in the way of influence to cause problems , and then not quite enough to solve them itself . 
  so either strip it of those powers and find some other way to work together , or grant the powers the eu needs to the eu to exercise . . 
   generally they have a fuck all of a clue which competencies they are talking about though . 
  i 'm not sure that 's true , i think most people have a broad idea , but you are right that they might not be aware of which areas are most problematic , or the details on how the competencies are used . 
   and blame the eu for mishandling the immigrant crisis when they have very little power to do anything about it . 
  the criticism there tends to be that the eu failed to put in place systems to deal with the challenges posed by having weak external borders and no internal borders . 
  in that way , the eu is responsible , not for all of the issues caused , but certainly for the lack of contingencies . 
  it 's a bit like the euro , or the current proposals on a military , it 's all half steps that create problems in a crisis , largely because eu members themselves do n't want to make the concessions necessary to do these things properly . 
   i think that polls from reputable polling companies do a better job at gauging the mood than just asking random people until you get as many views as possible represented . 
  it 's a different thing , the polls will give you an idea of the mood in the country , these stories would reflect a small , non representative sample of what people think and why . . 
  it 's interesting , not authoritative . 
  that 's not that unusual , i 'd assume a fairly large proportion of uk remain voters would also want to see the competencies that the eu has reduced . 
   they 'd said we 'd not go for hard brexit , we 've decided on hard brexit . 
  to be fair , we sort of have and have n't . 
  ` hard brexit ' as defined as leaving the eu and the single market can be as hard/soft as it needs to be , it depends heavily on what the uk government ends up negotiating in terms of its future relationship . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , single market and all , and negotiates access via an fta , then it is n't actually that hard an exit . 
  the point is more that the uk has had to be clear that it will accept leaving without a deal at all if necessary , i think most people would prefer a decent deal that works both ways , but in the absence of that , the uk is leaving anyway . . 
  essentially we 've said that we can accept a very hard brexit if the alternatives are worse , which is about as reasonable as it gets . 
   if the eu pursues the # 52bn exit bill with no discussion over future trading relationships , that 's the exact kind of ` bad deal ' may is warning the eu about . 
  yup , and the eu is aware of that too . 
  there are some real issues in perception at the moment . 
  some of the public view is that the eu is bigger than the uk , so it should be able to use that to ` force ' the uk into a position where the eu ` wins ' the exit deal . . 
  reality is n't like that though , the eu has been working stupidly hard to ensure market access with much smaller economies , it has been disregarding its normal views in all sorts of areas to put association agreements in place and build security cooperation . 
  it seems unlikely then that it will have a hissy fit and ignore its own interests in regard t the uk ... 
  it also does n't have the clout to impose a deal . 
   the fuck are we paying # 52bn for ? 
  it 's unrealistic . 
  its for eu domestic consumption . . 
  the negotiations are going to be interesting though . . 
  i think the argument is more that a poor deal could be worse than no deal , that is to say that the uk is n't going to agree to a deal for the sake of having a deal , but yeah , a decent deal to the benefit of both the eu and uk is both the most likely and the most sensible outcome . 
  these are normally regular forces or police officers deployed by the governments of the country in question at the request of the un , in the uk at least , you can volunteer ( or ask . . ) for a specific deployment , but whether you get it or not will depend on what is required and whether you are needed elsewhere . 
  it 's probably worth noting that a lot of the un missions will be happening alongside other missions too , although operationally these are usually distinct ( so you can have german nato/eu/whatever soldiers deployed alongside a german un contingent with completely separate command and support structures ) . 
   and they are using that mandate to seek a referendum to change this . 
  what is your beef with this ? 
  nothing , that 's the snp 's prerogative , my issue is purely that scotland is part of the uk ( after voting to remain part of the uk ) , and the uk as a whole voted to leave the eu . 
  there is n't currently a mandate for anyone to keep scotland in the eu beyond having a referendum on independence and then presumably having a referendum on eu membership . 
   if hush hush deals can be made for the car industry in sunderland then a deal can be had for scotland . 
  hell , the uk can stay in the eea provisionally . 
  none of this hard brexit shite that nobody agreed on prior . 
  that 's a rather different scenario . 
  one is talking to the automotive industry about things the uk government can do , the other is putting together something that is essentially unique , in terms of scotlands position in a union that is pushing for political integration . 
  scotland does n't ( as a constituent part of the uk . . ) have competencies to manage its international affairs , so how would scotland get any representation ( outside of the uk context ) within whatever new framework were imposed , how would it regulate itself in the context of both single market and uk market membership . . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's impossible , and something may well come out of the negotiations ( although i would assume it 'd be uk wide , not scotland specific ) but the idea that scotland could essentially remain an eu member , whilst the uk leaves does n't make any sense without scotland gaining independence . 
   in sturgeon 's speech , she said that they accepted the uk is leaving , they tried to compromise with a soft brexit or at least , one for scotland . 
  this was refused . 
  as she also stated in that speech , we 'll have a clearer position of the uk position nearer the time to 2018/2019 . 
  i 'd argue that she presented an argument for a scenario that is n't possible , or certainly not possible to fulfil at this point . 
  she will be better informed , given she 's first minister obviously , but so far we have n't really had any clarity on any of this from westminster either . 
  the key point from the uk government seems to be that we have to approach this in a united manner , rather than as separate entities ( much as the eu has said . . ) . 
   what seems to have happened is that this referendum will likely become the de facto final vote on brexit . 
  the vote whether at least the scottish people will accept the deal before them ... or not . 
  that is what the snp would seem to like it to become , but i do n't think it will be . 
  the chances of the referendum happening before the uk leaves seems somewhat slim , and even if it does , it seems unlikely that scotland would retain the uks membership . 
  so at that point any independence referendum still leaves an open ended position for scotland , there will be the somewhat known deal for the uk vs a known accession process for scotland . .  because the houses of parliament seemed to have abdicated their responsibilities in holding the government to account that 's somewhat inaccurate . 
  parliament will still have to vote on changing the law in line with whatever is negotiated and will have to adopt any new treaty that the uk and eu strike . 
  they wo n't have a veto that keeps the uk in the eu at the end of the process , but then that seems like a bizarre scenario anyway . 
   my understanding was that his party was pro-remain and his mp 's expected him to join along with them in the pro-eu campaign ( though he failed to do so ) , so please forgive anyone for thinking he and the party was . 
  his party was , although historically that has n't always been the case , and amongst voters there was obviously a split between leave and remain ( i think around 2/3rds for remain ) . 
  on the other hand corbyn has been pretty outspoken in the past about the eu , amongst other things , he opposed maastricht , he was euro-sceptic before the referendum and i think its reasonable to assume his views have n't changed significantly since . . that said , i do n't think he saw it as a massive priority , this is n't a farage like ` brexiteer ' but rather someone , like much of the population , who does n't see the eu as a good thing . 
   i do acknowledge he 's in a tough spot cos he 's trying to win back his normal constitutuencies who also voted brexit but still , absolutely . 
  that 's the bind of labour  if he 's pro brexit ( which means pro tax haven , pro arron banks/billionaire favourable conditions ) the problem is that he has ( and other have ... ) often described the eu as exactly the kind of problematic institution that you are claiming that leave voters want . 
  lets face it , your description of the leave position is about a million miles away from reality . . and to pull a quote from corbyn : * '' `` i am sure that [ labour mps ] will vote against the maastricht treaty again tonight , primarily because it takes away from national parliaments the power to set economic policy and hands it over to an unelected set of bankers '' * the point being that the left used to oppose the eu because of its pro-capitalist and somewhat antisocial positions , that has n't changed that much if you look at the way greece has been pressed . 
  but that 's a different issue . .  at least admit it so theres some clarity and whoever wants that can join ( i guess that would be like tory-lite ? 
  of all the potential criticisms of corbyn , i 'd suggest that him making labour pro-bankers , or tory lite is probably about as far off the mark as you can get . . 
   and right now , the snp are in government with a mandate to secure our place in the single market in the eu . 
  even if a referendum is needed for this . 
  the snp are in government in scotland , which does n't have competencies related to international affairs . 
  they do however have a mandate to seek independence ( it is in their manifesto after all ) , but they still need to secure a referendum first , and obviously win it . 
   us making moves to have a referendum because our attempts at compromise were met with blank refusal does not stop the rest of the uk going ahead with their `` overwhelming '' shiteing majority for super hard brexit . 
  to a certain extent that is disingenuous , what compromise is available to the uk that would allow both scotland to remain in the single market ( but not an eu member ) , whilst the rest of the uk leaves ? 
  more to the point , we wo n't actually know what the position of the uk is going to be until after the negotiations . 
  there is nothing that the uk government could do to satisfy the snp short of reversing its position on leaving the eu , which obviously is n't terribly viable . 
  scotland is strategically important for nato ( the giuk gap is important in terms of russian access to the atlantic . . ) so i doubt there would be any issues with an independent scotland joining . 
  however , if scotland decided not to , it 'd cause issues for nato . . 
  yeah . . no . 
   he 's a secret brexiteer he 's been pro-leave for a very long time , i 'm frankly surprised that anyone actively thought he had changed his view . . 
  if the numbers in this report are right though , then that 's way more guns than you 'd need to arm a few sleeper cells .
