  surely that 's a good thing ? 
  you do n't want members with very different views getting in the way if they are happy to leave do you ? 
   good luck and let the fun begin !, 
  what fun exactly ? 
  you seem to think this is all a wonderful game , that the eu , by virtue of being bigger , will somehow win . . that is n't what is going to happen at all , either we all win , or we all lose , the uk is n't going to simply accept whatever the eu wants any more than the eu will accept whatever the uk wants . . and if you think pushing several countries back into recession , or destabilising a few countries that are on shaky enough ground as it is , is fun , then you are probably a bit of a masochist and might want to look again at what is at stake here , and what the cost of some sort of eu-centric jingoism might be . 
  happily , i doubt very much that the eu and leaders of the member states , or the uk will be taking the approach you seem to be advocating . 
  after all , they have to deal with the impact . 
   try to get out of your mortgage or mobile phone contractor before fulfilling obligations . 
  you can leave but it will cost you . 
  the reverse however is also true , if you then pay off your mortgage , you get to keep the house ( so are there assets the uk is going to get for its payment ? ), 
  as for the mobile phone , you 'd either pay a termination fee ( and get the handset . . that 's usually what termination fees protect . . ) or just keep paying and getting service . . 
  the uk will likely pay for the things it feels it owes money for , or will offer some sort of other concession instead , but i doubt it 'll be close to what is being suggested by the eu at the moment and , if no agreement on the payment can be reached , then i doubt the uk will pay anything at all , because unlike a mortgage , or a phone contract , no-one can enforce the agreement . 
  oh and whilst i keep reading that there is a reputational risk associated with that , i actually doubt that there is , it 's not an actual debt and its a bit of a dreamed up number , it is n't a terribly credible request at the moment and other nations will likely see it as such too . . 
   not at all . 
  just that the eu and the uk are n't even nearly equals . . 
  they both need the other , neither has particularly more leverage and both can walk away , that makes them as equal as they need to be for the purposes of this . .  and you have n't figured in to your reckoning what happened to the last european govt that tried to bully the eu into giving more than it wanted to . 
  yeah . . 
  but the uk is leaving the eu , there is no leverage there . 
  it 's not comparable to greece , and frankly if you are looking at what happened to greece as some sort of retribution for percieved bullying you are wrong and have a rather interesting perception of that whole scenario . . greece wanted to remain in the eu and in the euro and as a member of the euro could n't even manage its own monetary policy . . 
  i mean , you had eu politicians threatening to remove them from the eu and greece threatening to leave , but not wanting to . . 
  the uk on the other hand is leaving the eu , it can leave without a deal rather than a damaging one ( i mean , why take a deal that does more harm than no deal ? ), 
   they had to take what was offered in the end , after all the games and bluffs . 
  and i suspect the same will happen to the uk or there really will be no deal . 
  a big climbdown on the last night of negotiations when they are staring the reality of a hard brexit in the face . 
  again , i doubt it . 
   maybe it will be called an `` interim deal '' for 10 years , but it will in essence be the bones of a permanent deal . 
  the eu will offer what it likes , but it will include enough for the uk to want it too . 
  let 's wait and see . 
  i would n't be surprised if the eu/uk push for a transitional period before a trade deal is agreed , but it wo n't be on anything other than a mutually beneficial basis and it will likely only relate to trade . . 
  the eu is n't going to get even close to what it wants in terms of keeping the eu in the political project , keeping the uk in the single market ( under the current rules anyway . . ) . . 
  i mean , what the eu wants is the uk not to leave , that 's happening , beyond that any agreement has to work for the uk for the uk to even consider it , same goes for the eu . 
  so no , the eu will be constrained on what the uk will accept , it ca n't offer what it likes and the uk wo n't take a barbed deal . 
   you make it sound like the eu is dealing with an equal in the uk . 
  and you seem to think that big trading blocks can somehow just do whatever they want . 
  the eu has spent a lot of time trying to get trade deals with countries far smaller and less relevant to the eu than the uk , because trade is quite important . 
  the uk on the other hand is a massive economy , it 's economy is 20 % the size of the eu economy once the uk has left . 
  the eu ca n't just demand and get whatever it wants , because it will want concessions and access too . 
  oh , and that 's before we get into the slew of other things that the eu would like from the uk outside of trade . . 
  the uk and eu are n't equal , but they are equal enough that neither is going to be able to damage one without damaging itself , and both have a lot to lose if a ` bad deal ' were struck , so neither is going to take a bad deal , they will come up with something that is mutually beneficial , or they will both walk away . 
  but of course first we are talking about the arrangement 's to leave the eu , not trade . 
   the `` deal '' will involve the uk agreeing to most of what the eu suggest i suspect . 
  what you suspect is very wrong . . 
   there is no way that i would let them leave to be fair , no-one can actually stop the uk from leaving . . 
   eu subsidies for industries & projects in the uk would figuratively disappear overnight . . 
  the uk leaving the eu gets rid of that anyway , and the uk pays more to the eu than it gets back in subsidies and funding . .  british mep 's & eu employees find themselves without a pension for the work they did . 
  etc i suppose that 's a possibility , although i 'd assume they 'd end up with a uk civil service pension or some other agreement would end up in place to cover it ... that said , i 'm sure the eu and uk will come to an agreement . 
  is anyone suggesting that . . ? 
  i agree with you , if you read up through the chain , i make the point that there is an aspect of this being a consequence of the no pre-negotiation position the eu is taking , and of course the eu has talked about it too . 
  the fiction that the eu does n't know about this because the uk has n't told them is a bit like the fiction that the uk would trigger a50 immediately after the vote , they are official positions , they are intended to present a particular case , but they do n't reflect reality . . 
   oh please . 
  it took uk nine months to simply send a letter that would have started the whole process . 
  yes . . 
  it had a vote , reformed its government , had a court case about whether it could send the letter , set up a new government department to organise itself in preparation for the negotiations , then passed legislation to allow it . . not super quick , but in line with its constitutional set up . 
  the eu knew in that period that it was going to happen , and at the start of that process the broad timeline was set out . . 
  if anything , the fact that the uk has matched its timeline does n't seem like something that makes itself incapable . . as to the eu , it has had the same period to organise itself for the negotiations . . 
  but my issue is n't with the eu as such , it was with your projection of the eu taking a position that the uk would just have to wait its turn . 
  the eu likely wo n't take that approach , but if it did , it 'd be the eu that looks silly , not the uk . 
   then uk is being run by a bunch of undisciplined clowns . 
  that 's the narrative here , it is n't a reflection of reality ( well , the undisciplined bit anyway , the current government is politically at least , a bunch of clowns . . ) , and anyone expecting the uk to bumble it 's way through this , or to be incompetent is probably going to be a little surprised . 
  broadly the same point , there is n't enough time to put this together given nothing is going to happen until a50 is triggered , that 's more down to practicalities than it is about sending messages , strength , weakness , panic or anything else . 
  it could have been avoided given may has been clear on her timetable , but hey , the eu has been clear on its positions too in terms of when they 'd actually react . . 
  and the counterpoint is that that hurts the eu as much as it hurts the uk . . 
  the uk and eu both need a mutually beneficial deal , if there is n't an acceptable deal for both parties , its not just the uk who gets hurt , the eu does too . 
   uk will wait like everyone else waits . 
  and that attitude will just make the eu look a bit silly and a bit incapable . 
  it 's more self indulgence ( in the trump vein ) than it is great statesmanship or negotiation . . because everyone knows that the uk is n't ` everyone else ' it 's a departing eu member and a really quite important partner for the eu , potentially the most important regional partner once it is outside of the eu . 
   would be , but thats not going to happen . 
  yeah , it probably is . 
   eu can not afford to give uk a good deal - or other countries might also consider leaving a ` good deal ' for the uk is n't likely to be the same as what other eu countries would see as a good deal for themselves . . 
  the argument that the eu has to offer a poor deal for the uk is somewhat silly in this context anyway , as a poor deal would likely harm other eu countries , allowing those who are arguing for their countries to leave to suggest that the eu is n't acting in their interests . .  there is no reason the eu should give the uk a good treatment - the uk needs the eu market way more than the eu the uk market . 
  the eu has every interest in ensuring that the uk and eu can trade effectively and with minimal barriers , anything less hurts both economies to some extent . . and its worth pointing out that the eu has been trying very hard to put in place trade agreements with far smaller , far less important and far less compatible economies . 
  there is every benefit to the eu to have a mutually beneficial deal . 
   they probably end up with a deal like norway or switzerland . 
  it 's almost certain at this point that they wo n't . . again , the uk economy is vastly larger than either the economies of norway or switzerland and the uk provides far more to the eu in security , policing , defence , educational , research and other terms , that makes it important for the uk and eu to maintain a good relationship . 
  the uk however ca n't enter an agreement where they are subject to eu policy in the same way , so they wo n't . . any deal will be very different , the eu will argue that it is worse , the uk will argue that it 's better for the uk and both will be right . 
  to put this another way , there are lots of elements of the eu that various members see as significant benefits , that others see as liabilities , how do you define ` good deal ' in that context ? 
  at the end of the day , the uk will get a lot of what it wants , the eu will get a lot of what it wants , trade will be relatively seamless , the uk and eu will cooperate in lots of areas , but the uk will stay as far away from the political project as it can . . 
   it could well be that they are waiting for the outcome of the french election , however , the dates do n't quite match up which suggests to me that this summit may be a protracted affair . 
  a lot of wasted time on the ticking clock if this is the case . 
  yeah , the second round of that wo n't be until early may , and looks unlikely that there will be a winner in the first round , so i doubt the french election is the driver . 
  and i 'd agree that that summit will likely be a protracted affair , but at the same time there are a decent amount of quick wins available , quite a lot of common ground that should n't be that hard to consolidate and then a lot of much more complex issues that will take a lot of time later ( especially on trade arrangements . . ) . 
   another possibility is that this is a ploy to encourage may to delay a. 50 further , a lot of commentators have expressed the idea that the longer a. 50 is pushed back , the less likelier it is to be enacted . 
  that seems like a massive stab in the dark though , there is pretty much no way it is n't going to happen at this point , i 'm not sure what would actually have to happen to make that even slightly likely . 
  it sort of does , he 's not above that kind of narrative and we saw a bit of that in relation to greece when that ongoing crisis has peaked on occasion . 
  sweat what out though . . ? 
  to be honest this is probably more a consequence of the no-pre negotiation position , there will presumably be a lot of work to be done to set up the summit and future negotiations before negotiations start , that 'll include lots of discussion and so on . . 
  but some people are trying to spin it as the eu being tough , when it could just as readily be spun as the eu being unprepared or just a bit silly . 
  concerned at the possible outcomes , shock at the realisation that the uk is going through with it , shocked that someone could be so stupid ( not my view obviously , but it might be the way he 'd like to present it domestically etc. . ) . 
  in any case , if someone can find the actual transcript it 'd be a lot clearer , i can only find various quotes ( and not this in german . . ) . 
  to be honest , in context i ca n't immediately think of a common saying ( in germany obviously . . ) either , but i 've heard people say ` and then i/they went pale ' it in the context of serious developments as a substitute for shock or concern . 
  although i 'd have thought this would have been expected , still . . 
  i ca n't find the original , but i do n't see why it would be a translation issue , the meaning is relatively clear . 
   as eu leaders insisted they are fully prepared for the brexit talks , they arranged a summit to agree on the outlines of their negotiating position for april 29 . 
  they canceled provisional plans to hold it three weeks earlier , indicating may 's announcement on monday that she will invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty on march 29 came too late . 
  you could read that in any one of several ways from the eu is n't ready and having a bit of a panic through to the eu is being aggressive in its negotiating stance , is totally ready and making the uk stew . . 
  the more realistic proposition is probably somewhere in the middle , the eu is likely as ready as the uk is , given it seems to have been very opposed to any discussion in advance of article 50 being triggered , there will likely be some work to be done to ensure that this , and then the following negotiations are well prepared and sensibly thought out . 
  the more relevant point i think is that there has been a repeated statement that the eu plans an initial response within two days of may triggering article 50 . . that 's probably more important in terms of seeing what the eu is trying to project than anything else at this point , especially the changing of provisional plans . . also , bloomberg needs to get a few more proof readers ... 
  it 'll also be interesting to see how the people here will react when it turns out that the uk did n't fuck up and everything is broadly fine on both sides of the channel . . 
  so is anyone over about 25 , in fact during the ttip discussion there was a decent resurgence , or rather up-swelling of eu opposition from this side . 
  no , she has a point , some sort of military alliance would be best , preferably spanning the atlantic so that we can benefit from having decent strategic depth .
