  it costs nothing to stand in a local , and # 500 in a parliamentary ( and then goes up for regional ) . 
  you can stand in a council election if you can get some mates to sign your nominations papers . 
  a little harder if you want to do it as a party ( because you 'd have to set up , and maintain that admin ) but still not expensive . 
  you 'd spend more on leaflets ( free postage with a parliamentary run though ) than on deposits in most cases , if you get one to everyone who can vote in any case . 
  the moments of silence in that are what makes it . . 
  although it 's cunning to have no road markings , keeps traffic moving so slowly that there is no chance of any major accidents . . 
   maybe there was a `` tuned twingo festival '' somewhere because normally they wo n't go past 160 km/h . 
  i should have taken a photo . 
  they all looked like battered old cars and seemed to be flying . . 
  driving in paris is really not fun . . mopeds , pedestrians and cars doing basically whatever they feel gets them a few feet forward . 
  oh and taxis . . 
  so much honking and beeping . 
   i have to drive on the german autobahn quite often  you really need to pay attention . 
  yes ... you really do ... just do that anyway . . what i would like to know is what on earth those old french renault twingo 's ( like 2001 vintage ) have under the bonnet , we got repeatedly overtaken by them on the french motorways ( en route to luxembourg and indeed on the way back after leaving belgium etc. . ) when we really were n't going slowly . . at all . . 
  the other common denominator was that the drivers all seemed to have their arms hanging out of their windows ( and who has open windows when you are bombing down a motorway . . ?! ), 
  [ chatsworth house ] ( https://www.chatsworth.org/ ) in derbyshire in the uk probably in terms of how often i end up there , great adventure playground , really nice gardens and grounds etc. . 
  a lot to choose from , but [ black books ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0262150/ ) has to be up there . . 
  nope , moved schools a fair few times and ended up doing the black death , wwi , wwii and the cold war essentially repeatedly . 
  i missed out on a huge chunk of british history . . 
   but people will still refer to that song `` i can sing a rainbow '' , which i guess fits with the colours only not in the correct order . 
  \u266a \u266b . . red and yellow and pink and green , orange and purple and blue ... \u266b \u266a that really , really annoys my other half for being wrong , so i sing it at every relevant opportunity . . oh and we were taught the same mnemonic at school , although i do n't think we covered richard of york in history . 
  i think the question was more around whether a german state could leave rather than whether one would want to . 
  the answer to that seems to be no based on the rulings of the constitutional court , [ although i might be reading that wrong ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/entscheidungen/de/2016/12/rk20161216_2bvr034916.html ), 
  yeah , the local polish supermarket has way better bread and some meat that i ca n't get anywhere else , the various indian/pakistani/middle eastern supermarkets are the go-to for things like spices , rice , flat breads and even tinned curry precursors etc. . chinese supermarkets for most of the interesting stuff related to chinese food and spices and some sweets . . 
  it does n't tend to be part of my weekly shopping , but certainly something that is done occasionally to top up when we run out . 
  it 's worth noting that it 's a lot cheaper than buying the equivalent , usually quite anglicised versions in one of the larger supermarkets and the quality seems to be a lot better . 
  the area that is currently occupied by the city where i live is believed to have been inhabited since at least the late upper palaeolithic period so a bit less than 13000 years ago . . 
  in modern times , it grew from being a market town in 1296 and formally became a city in 1893 . 
  it 's nice that these days this works without having to take into account gender . . ... or rather would work if the uk were more generous with citizenship for spouses . 
  there are some pretty interesting looking coastal road with lots of bridges in the netherlands that might be worth a detour if you are interested in an interesting drive . . 
  although , good/bad weather makes them more fun . . oh and the family of man exhibition in clervaux , luxembourg is pretty cool , and you are sort of in the area , worth seeing . 
  i 'll leave the rest to the natives . 
  absolutely , ireland takes it to another level even above the uk , i 'm not even sure why . . ireland seems to have milk from 20 + years ago . . 
  it tastes like the milk i had when i was about 9 in durham and it was proper , delivered in the morning in glass bottles with a bit of cream sitting at the top milk ( that i ca n't get anymore where i am . . ) . . 
  i spent a few years living in hong kong and yeah . . 
  milk , cheese , butter , basically anything dairy was either hard to come by at any decent quality or was woefully expensive . 
  i spent way too long without access to drinkable milk , cheese that you can just eat , or decent butter . 
  made up for it when i got back to germany though ( although even then , its a step down from the uk ) . 
  actually milk is really variable across the eu , germany has way more uht , france with it 's weird fermented things and flavoured stuff and so on ( although , you can still get very good milk in both ) . 
  not in the uk ( or with british military schools in germany for that matter . . ) , although the school i went to in hong kong did have a union flag flying . . 
  i 'm not sure we can afford not to . 
  and we almost certainly can afford it , it just needs the political will to do it . 
  not sure i 'd be happy with trident being scrapped , but boosting the esa budget seems like a good idea almost regardless . 
  it 's good science and has real applications and the uk is actually really good at it to boot . 
  what more could you want . 
  a bit to your [ left ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/yourpoliticalcompass?ec=-5.88&amp;soc=-7.38 ) apparently . 
  but i do n't think that the questions are terribly relevant in a european context . . or rather , a lot of things that we 'd see as broadly centrist views would be more radically left wing in this particular set of questions . 
  oh and even on four axis , it seems less than useful in covering the various strands of political affiliations out there . . 
  every time i hear the song . . oh and cathay pacific ruined vivaldi 's four seasons too . . 
  no one expects it ... 
  seriously though , the chances of farage ever becoming prime minister are so slim that we 'd be more likely to see alan sugar replace the queen , and come on , what are the chances of the boss of the apprentice becoming head of state . . 
   i 'm currently pinning my hopes on this . 
  i was under the impression that it 'd had been binned as a notion already so you may want to look at what the process is for acquiring estonian citizenship now , and keep an eye on what arrangements end up in place for people currently in the eu . 
   prime minister nigel farage . 
  it 'll take more than imagination . . 
  chrome stable on linux so yeah . 
  apparently that 's optional in the spec . 
  it understands unicode perfectly well , if displays the relevant region code , it just does n't do the optional bit of displaying them as flags instead . 
  i wonder if that 's something i need to allow ... 
  apparently my browser does n't display them as such ... 
  those little letters are fun . 
   gigant china-style fireall i would n't put it past some of the eu from seeing that as a positive ... 
  if only to promote eu services online . 
  do n't give them any ideas . . 
  it could try i suppose , but eu states seem keen on collecting data , and i do n't know how the eu prevents either espionage or the interception of data when it crosses outside of the eu . 
  you can try , but you sort of need to do that either way , in fact your own intelligence services should really be doing something to protect you in any case . 
   and i do n't want nsa legaly spying on me . 
  the nsa can legally ( from the nsa 's perspective ) spy on you now , much like most intelligence services can spy on foreign nationals ( so german , british , french etc. . intelligence agencies are unlikely to have any legal restrictions against spying on you either ) . 
  whether it is legal under your national law sort of ceases to be relevant , when it 's a foreign intelligence agency and you ca n't really do anything to stop it . . 
  it also used to be that you did it with your fuel tank as empty as possible , so you could fill up on the other side and come back with a full tank of much cheaper petrol . 
   pick a side in the ongoing north vs south war winter is coming . 
   there was a lot of far-right rhetoric used during the referendum and has increased that sentiment since then . 
  there was some , but not really much , the far right seems to have mostly died in the uk in terms of real political representation with the death of the national front and the bnp ( or whatever they are calling themselves now ) . 
  ukip is certainly further right wing than the tories , but not far right , and they seem to have hoovered up most of that previous far right support . .  plus the tories have moved further right too since the referendum . 
  but not close to anything approximating the far right ... 
  unless we are redefining right wing as ` far right ' . 
   europe is convulsing with a rising far-right : denmark , sweden , france , the uk , poland , hungary ... 
  i 'm not sure that the far right is really on the rise in the uk to be fair , there seems to be some confusion between the eu referendum result and the actual impact of the far right on politics generally . . 
  which reminds me that i need to start running again . . 
  it 's an analogue clock with the little moon and sun symbols , i checked . 
  before the army went all payg you could ( and people generally would . . ) have one each morning , although the other side of that was that you did enough work and expended enough energy that it did n't result in everybody putting on vast amounts of weight . . 
  i think its all a bit up in the air and frankly , even under the best conditions , determining who ` won ' a set of negotiations ( if that can even really be applied . . ) is hard until years later . 
  if the eu were to be actively vindictive ( that is to say take positions that are actively and obviously not only bad for the uk , but also not in its own interests ) then that may well deter some of the smaller member states , but frankly nothing is going to deter the larger ones if they decide being outside of the eu is better than being in , and lets face it , it 's the larger members that could put the eu at risk . 
  it 's also worth noting that for states like poland ( where eu membership is very hard to describe as anything but a good thing at this point ) do n't really need deterring , indeed for some of the eastern european states the bigger risk right now is probably the noise around nato given they likely see nato as a far more certain guarantor of their security than the eu . . 
   i think many find it comforting to think that because it means they do n't actually have to consider any other reasons for not thinking that the eu is the fount of all that 's right and good . 
  yup , it 's much easier to look for an external actor that is intent on doing harm , it 's also a much easier narrative to make , if not least because russia would likely be quite happy to see the eu weakened . 
  there seems to be some confusion at present in parts of the eu that euro-scepticism somehow requires one to be not only illiberal , but also right wing , and pro-russian/pro-putin , it seems to stem from the notion that all euro-scepticism is somehow external and pushed by russia , rather than there being any legitimate reason for it . 
  this broadly , it 's a shame to see russia not making the progress that looked like it might in the 80s , that 's not all the fault of russia and russian governments given the history , but at the same time the only people who can fix it are russians . 
  i 'd be great to see a stable , democratic and friendly russia , but that seems as far away now as it did almost 30 years ago . . 
   it does go overboard occasionally but for me it is the sign of a people who has not given up yet . 
  this is really quite important . 
  unions are a good thing , strike action is one of the few things available to workers when they want to exert pressure . 
  yes it 's something that can be abused when things go wrong with how unions work , but in france and indeed the uk , that is n't much of a problem ( if anything power has swung away from union movements ) . 
   i really hope he meant the biggest city in the world with free public transportation that 's kind of what i thought ( and it 's really quite a decent idea ... ) . 
   tallinn is the biggest city in the world that seems somewhat unlikely . . 
  [ so ] ( http://forces.tv/sites/default/files/styles/cover_image/public/teainthearm.jpg ) [ many ] ( http://static.bbc.co.uk/history/img/ic/640/images/resources/topics/troubles_security_forces.jpg ) [ options ] ( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get2/i0000tzv6yopwjsq/fit=1000x750/gurkha-recruitment02-16-01-1997.jpg ) [ though ] ( http://www.joeybarton.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/falklands_image_flag_webcropb.jpeg ) . 
  because it makes it easier and quicker and there are no visa issues so it generally makes sense , it does n't remove any and all issues though , the uk has a hard border for both eu and non-eu citizens after all . 
  you will also note that the e-gates are n't just for eu citizens , but for a whole slew of nationalities that the uk has data sharing arrangements with ( and you can still be flagged using them . . ) . 
  not really , you can be refused entry to the uk even if you have an eu passport after all . 
  i 'm not aware of there being any particular rules ( at the eu level . . ) of how scrutiny of people crossing non-schengen borders should be carried out .
