   and yes , i also do n't have much hopes for / r/europe 's future . 
  it happens with growth to a certain extent , there is n't a whole lot you can do about it , but at the same time it 's not as bad as people make out . 
  people having appalling views is not new and if anything , the segregated small community subreddits only manage to hide that until they become larger ... 
  still , there is scope in / r/europe for decent ( ish . . ) discussion most of the time which is nice . . 
   did i answer your question or did i misunderstood you ? 
  you sort of did , although i do n't think that racist and sexist content being upvoted all the time and especially the regular panics about a ` muslim apocalypse ' is down to euroscepticism , more extreme view yes , but euroscepticism is n't exactly an extreme view . . 
  indeed the whole ` the muslims are taking over ' nonsense seems to increasingly be coming from very pro-eu voices . 
  i 'd then probably argue than rather hoping the eurosceptics leave the sub , you 'd be better off hoping that the misogynists , racists and people with more extreme views do . . that 's probably not going to happen either but hey . 
  essentially i think you are making a mistake in linking a `` europhil '' position as one that is anti-racist/anti-sexist ... 
  i 'd like to take a moment to applaud this approach rather than the ` well at least x is worse ' / ` at least we are better than y ' ones . 
  this is one area where it 'd be nice to see some competition around being best and not just around being above some , often far too low , bar . 
  serious question - do you think it 's better when a subreddit is not only a bubble in terms of subject matter , but also in terms of the views that exist on the subject ? 
  it would seem to me that a diverse range of views on the eu would be a positive to a subreddit that , whilst being / r/europe , does seem to have a significant eu focus . 
   a better parallel for scotland would have been quebec , where the federal government refused to prenegotiate anything but everyone knew the result would ultimately be binding anyway and that the world would recognize it . 
  sort of , the structure of canada again presents a different scenario , and there was no requirement for assent ( arguably no way for a federal government to assent ... ) . 
  the similarity would be that a popular movement was able to push for a referendum . 
  it is a better parallel for scotland , but the catalonian situation is a more useful counter , the uk and canada would have recognised the result of these referendums , would spain recognise the result of a catalonian referendum , or even allow one to be held ? 
  if not , then why is international pressure and the right to self determination more applicable to the uk and canada than spain . 
  the point , again , is that you do n't need the establishment to support a position to hold a referendum on it , you only need enough political pressure to have them concede a referendum . 
  there are lots of mechanisms for that , from the coalition agreement that pushed the av referendum through to popular support that pushed the eu and scottish referendums . 
  i 'd also argue that governments that try to hold back popular measures on self determination are broadly only going to see bigger issues in future , we saw that in ireland and continue to see the legacy of it - although there has never been a simple answer to that particular set of problems . 
   negotiating the conditions of the scottish referendum was a different animal . 
  they knew the scots and their parliament could hold a referendum over their objections and get international recognition regardless based on the right to self determination of nations . 
  it was politically saavy to play along and hope for the best . 
  yes , different pressures , but popular pressures nonetheless . 
  if you compare it with the catalonian situation and others , it becomes pretty clear that the uk government could just say ` no ' but it would n't because it 's wrong and because it looks wrong and is hard to justify ... that 's basically a political reality that applies to any single , organised issue group that ca n't carry out change through the normal political process . .  no such thing when it comes to brexit though . 
  aside from electoral considerations like limiting the rise of ukip , the tories could have chosen to just not have any referendum even if the majority wanted one . 
  to some extent cameron wanted this and will bear a large part of the responsibility of a possible brexit , even if he officially supports remain and votes personally to stay . 
  they could have , but again , the political reality was that a significant number of people wanted a referendum and could apply pressure . 
  then you can add the timing and you end up with the same politically saavy to play along and hope for the best ... cameron did n't want the uk to leave the eu , he wanted to deal with the question because it was causing his party issues . 
  it 's also causing labour issues , although to a lesser extent at this point . 
  you ca n't twist that into what was suggested up the thread , that there was n't , and is n't broad opposition within the political establishment to leaving the eu . . 
   allowing a vote may not imply support but it sure shows they think they could live with either result . 
  or that they think they can make the case to support their preferred position , or simply because there is n't an alternative that is acceptable . 
  the vote on scottish independence did n't happen because cameron would have been fine without scotland in the uk , sure the conservatives , much like most uk political parties , believed that scotland would remain , but they also did n't have much choice . 
  there was a lot of public support for a referendum . 
  the same goes on the eu referendum , after all , the tories , ukip , greens , lib dems and others ( notably not the labour party ... ) supported running a referendum . .  there are plenty of topics in many countries that have massive popular support but would never get a referendum because the political establishment is united in opposition . 
  the political establishment in the uk is opposed to the uk leaving the eu . 
  you will have seen that in the campaign , in terms of mps its something like 450 for remain , and 147 for leaving and 53 not declaring a preference . 
  the issue is that there has been vocal and growing support for the uk to leave the eu for a long time . 
  that started on the fringes ( first left then right ... ) and has slowly become more mainstream . 
  the issue for the major parties politically is that they did n't offer an option and people started voting ukip ... 
  essentially a popular view on governance was n't being catered for and pressure was applied until a referendum was granted . 
  that 's basically how it works everywhere , although you might have more or less success depending on your political system . 
  and i say that in the context of the uk where the political system is quite conservative ( not in the political sense ... ) and not generally open to purely populist positions as you also need wide and reasonably deep support to have any impact, 
   there 's no reason you should get a better deal than switzerland being a much larger economy and having significant bilateral trade with germany , france and italy would be good reasons to get a deal that matches the uks needs and interests , whether it 's ` better ' or not is an almost absurd question . 
   and there wo n't be free trade without freedom of movement . 
  i 'd like to see something like free movement , but frankly the notion that there will be no free trade without it is daft . 
  the uk might no longer be a member of the single market , but broadly open access to it is entirely possible without free movement . 
   this is my fault , i thought that the idea of them doing a referundum was because they did n't care much about the eu . 
  to be fair , most people in the uk seem to not care much about the eu ( last ep election turnout was 35 % as an example . . ) , so you are n't far wrong . 
   i 'm biased , i 'm french . 
  we want to vote on so many things but we ca n't . 
  to be fair , the uk does n't normally do referendums either ( the last few years has really been a bit exceptional in that regard ) , and usually only on matters that directly relate to governance rather than policy , which seems like the right approach , for policy we have our elected representatives after all . 
  the conservatives are split with no formal position , but the conservative government position is remain . 
  i 'm sort of bemused at the notion that ` allowing ' a vote implies support , it implies that a significant number of people want a vote . . 
  given the polling , i 'd also argue that it 's very likely that whilst there is greater support on the right , the issue is one that crosses party lines quite easily and will see voters from all parties voting on either side of the issue . 
   ( such as the uk ) . 
  which one of the two major political groups in the uk wants it ? 
   so you hope to end up with the norway or switzerland type of deal ? 
  the countries that have freedom of movement with eu ? 
  a norway or switzerland type deal ? 
  no , i 'd like a uk deal , as i said , countries are all pretty unique ... 
  i think we 'll get a decent deal too , because there is no good reason not to . 
  and yeah , i think part of that deal will likely include free movement or something very close , after all , it 's generally a good thing . 
   imports will be more expensive if you trade by wto rules , exports will be lower if you trade by wto rules . 
  eu will probably enact ttip with usa of which uk wo n't be part of . 
  all of the above is accurate , but i doubt that uk/eu trade will by under wto rules , nor do i think that without the uk the eu will get ttip , even with the uk i think that 's unlikely ...  uk is not japan , which is trading mainly with china and us and will be soon under ttp and certainly you do n't want to be brazil , which is in recession , but you may end up as one . 
  we will see , i ca n't wait on the outcome of the referendum !, 
  the uk is not anyone , it 's the uk ... that was my point . 
  you ca n't compare the uk to brazil or japan because their economies are very different . 
   countries trade is determined by their geographical position in large part and you do n't have single successful european country outside eu . 
  except the usual suspects of norway & switzerland ? 
  and if course you have countries within the eu that are not successful economies too . 
  the eu is n't the be all and end all . 
  there 's a whole list !, 
  seriously though , it 's hard to make comparisons , the uk is a major global economy , the worlds 5th largest . . 
  the nearest comparisons on that basis would be japan and brazil , but they are rather different too . 
  there is no particular pattern you can apply to a country , no idea structure etc. . and we need to recognise that to a certain extent . 
   you ca n't compare uk to other non-eu countries . 
  why not ? 
  there are other rich decently sized economies out there . . about the only thing that 's different is that the uk is leaving the eu , that will be something to watch , but whilst the process may be somewhat unique , the end result is n't and again , it 's hardly an isolationist policy . 
   so we all can see what happens when you go isolationist way in 21st century . 
  leaving the eu is n't an isolationist position , potentially quite the opposite . 
  and there are lots of countries not part of the eu , so you can already see what happens with countries outside of a union like the eu ... 
   i feel like we are sitting with a winning hand , if we just dare to play it . 
  there is no support for a common military , for a european federal state or for some sort of single european leadership with the power to reform economies and markets so the eu is n't sitting with a winning hand at all , it is slowly squandering the support and unity it had built for a political project that not everyone seems very keen on . 
  the first part of that is mostly valid , young people are more likely to want to stay in the eu than want to leave . 
  the latter part is n't though , the group in the uk most likely to identify as european are 25-34 year olds but only 31 % and it 's only 23 % of 18-24 year old 's , and that 's not as a primary identity either , if you ask what people are most likely to to use to identify themselves , that figure falls off a cliff . 
  so again , the definition of pro-eu is muddied and hard to compare between eu members , that 's largely because we do have different aspirations and ideas of what the eu is supposed to be , even amongst the supporters of the eu ( that 's why the pro-eu campaign in the uk can look a bit odd to other europeans in that it seems incredibly critical of the eu ... ) . 
   reality is that in the uk people between 18-30 are very pro-eu and 30-39 are pro-eu ( although not significantly , like 60/40 ) . 
  the definition of ` pro-eu ' is pretty important here too though . 
  they are in favour of membership of the eu , essentially the current eu with a few reforms , but if you took the ` average ' pro-eu brit and compared them to the ` average ' pro-eu french or german person they 'd still manage to look like a sceptic . 
  the perception of the eu , its importance and its role is still quite different and that 's an important factor too . 
  our bedroom is at the top of our 3 story house , it gets incredibly hot in summer , but opening the window once the temperature has dropped at night , and leaving a window open downstairs creates a fantastic cool draft ... 
   seems there are a lot of pro-leave people who are apparently against the rights of people demonstrating their democratic right . 
  oh come on ... 
  i think people who left it to the last minute really should know better , that goes for tax returns , voter registration and everything else . 
  it 's a deadline to do something not a target date . 
  but i do think that even if only for the appearance of legitimacy , never mind the democratic underpinning of the vote that it 's pretty important that those people who tried to register are allowed to do so .
