  arguably that is the more important question anyway , do you want to be a part of the political project that is the eu or not . . it 's answerable by looking at whether you want more or less of a say at the national level , you can have a view as to how important you think the eu is , or whether you like the direction the eu is and has taken . 
  it would n't be unfair to say that most people in the uk would love to be part of the eu as a trading bloc and nothing else , but they are wary of the political and social entanglements , the referendum result reflects that . .  that 's disregarding the nature of it . 
  have you seen richard dawkins ' video on the subject which was discussed in the uk subreddit today ? 
  he sums up very succinctly why the nature of the referendum as it was offered to the public was inherently flawed . 
  i have n't , but i 'll take a look later . . not having watched it i ca n't really answer that . 
   again these are false equivalencies though . 
  ireland did not and scotland does not have sovreignty , the uk does . 
  they are n't false equivalencies , although they are n't exactly the same . 
  the point is that people have a say in how they are governed and from where . 
  i 'm reasonably sure a scottish or irish nationalist would n't give a flying fuck about balancing the political , social and economic impact of independence ( because there are of course always trade offs ) because they want to be able to chart their own course . 
  that 's entirely valid , and whilst the uk was absolutely sovereign within the eu , it is also constrained by the competencies that it allowed the eu to exercise on its behalf . 
  for some people that was too much , or it was being used to pull in a direction that many did n't like ... * it 's 5am so excuse any major or minor issues with the readability of the above ... and i 've just finished the work i was doing , so any reply will come later tomorrow !, 
   you can call it daft if it offends your sensibilities but it does n't change the nature of what happened . 
  an ignorant and uninformed electorate was led by misinformation and outright fabrications to vote against its own interest . 
  i 'd agree that the campaigns involved were incredibly poor , but i do n't think you can label the entire electorate , or even the ones that voted in one direction over the other as ignorant or entirely uninformed . 
  i 'd also argue that in terms of self interest , you can make the argument either way . 
   i called them stupid because they 're stupid . 
  again , no , you called them stupid because you think they are stupid . .  they 're literally ignorant of the arguement , of the costs and benefits , and many chose to believe outright fabrications . 
  would you say i 'm stupid ? 
  i voted leave , but i 'm certainly not ignorant of the either the arguments , the costs of the benefits . . 
  if you do think i 'm stupid , well , then i ca n't help you , if you do n't then surely there must be more people who voted on the back of their views and positions , rather than stupidity . .  a majority of this blame falls on the tory government , but a significant portion falls on the people . 
  it was a referendum , the result was entirely in the hands of the voters and non-voters . . 
  but i do n't think you need to ` blame ' people for answering a question , even if it 's not an answer you 'd have wanted . 
  wanting to leave a political union that you disagree with , whether that 's the uk leaving the eu , scotland making a similar decision at some point in the future if they wish , or indeed ireland fighting for independence from the uk is a valid position . 
  it wo n't be one everyone agrees with , but it 's certainly valid . 
   no , actually . 
  as evidenced by brexiteers reaction to brexit , they agreed on nothing . 
  they wanted the `` switzerland option '' , the `` norway option '' , the `` canada option '' . 
  some believed in 350 million back to the nhs . 
  some believed in bendy bananas . 
  everyone believed what they wanted and nobody wanted the truth . 
  indeed , about the only thing that the various different groups and people that supported leave was that they did n't want the uk to be part of the eu as a political project ... 
  trying to ascribe it to stupidity , misunderstanding , propaganda , russia is a bit daft if you ignore a fundamental difference in position on the eu . 
   i called them stupid because they 're stupid . 
  you called them stupid because you think they are stupid , on the basis of them making a decision that you think is wrong . 
  it does n't actually make them stupid . . 
   to put it frankly , scotland would not be able to survive as a country outside being part of the eu if it left the uk . 
  if that was proposed most scottish voters would just stick with brexit . 
  again , leaving the options of eea membership , or some sort of association style agreement ( including the single market , especially given there are n't the same somewhat idiotic anti-immigration pressures . . ) on the table as well as eu membership makes leaving the uk as survivable as eu membership does ( possibly more so as it could leave the door more open to the uk . 
   if you want my opinion of what i think the snp will probably try to pitch for it would not be full eu membership but eea membership like norway . 
  which would decouple eu membership from the independence question . .  but if you notice the snp 's rhetoric about continuing eu membership has changed tone since brexit so it does seem that this is what they would aim for . 
  it has , and i sort of wonder if they have n't dropped the eu aspect because they are aware that elements within the eu would probably have a bit of a hissy fit if the uk leaves and then scotland leaves the uk but decides it does n't want to be in the eu proper . .  luckily euro adoption is not forced , there is no enforced time period that it must be adopted by so scotland could just never take it if it did n't want to . 
  normally no , i sort of wonder whether it would become part of a rapid entry package though . 
  i can imagine that the eu does n't want another member of the eu non-eurozone bloc , the existing grouping is already a problem ( in terms of the push for separate institutions and sub-group , two speed problem solving . . ) . 
   the biggest issue right now however is the coming elections in the eu , a lot of this depends on other countries not going all altright . 
  if that happens then i 'm not sure where we will stand . 
  i think that 's somewhat overblown as a problem , germany is n't going to dive to the right , certainly not far right , and france is unlikely to too . 
  that essentially shores up the core . 
   the economic case for independence is going to be dicey any way you slice it but making one with scotland out of the uk and out of the eu will be near impossible . 
  agreed , it was dubious enough last time . 
  although i suppose there is an argument that treading the same ground again means being able to use the arguments that worked , even in the new environment . 
  it seems somewhat clear that the campaign managed to convince quite a few people last time around , and the eu leave vote is a good indication that not everything revolves around the economic impact ( and indeed that fear only gets you so far . . ) . 
   the snp are fundamentally pro-eu , their case last referendum centered around being part of the eu and it will be central if there is another one . 
  the whole discussion will be framed around that voting independence will also be tacit approval of integrating with the eu in some form . 
  again , i wonder how smart that 'd be . 
  surely leaving the door open and pointing out that independence gives scotland ` control ' over its relationship with the eu is stronger than absolutely linking the two . 
  if anything a hard link could result in any issue on the eu side blowing back into the scottish referendum , which is more likely than not if it happens close to or just after the uk has left the eu . .  scotland 's ability to join the eu , or retain membership in some sort of from if independence is voted for before brexit , is entirely up in the air . 
  it would be entering a scenario which has never happened before and large parts of what would or could happen will be decided on political will more than anything . 
  many high profile mep 's in the eu parliament have already publicly stated that scotland would be more than welcome in the eu and there have been talks of creating a `` holding pen '' for scotland until they are completely ready to join the eu . 
  indeed , but that again opens up potential for uncertainty and for individual eu members to cause issues . 
  if there is debate about scotland getting a special set of entry procedures , you could find members pushing for euro adoption ( which would be very unpopular . . ) or suggesting that scotland pay for that privilege . 
  in short , it opens the door to a whole host of issues that the snp and any independence campaign might have less control over than it might need . 
  that becomes an even bigger issue if the campaign is seen to be supported by , or support a very pro-eu agenda , as in one that goes well beyond the current uk membership criteria . 
   basically the political will in the eu is there to find some sort of solution for scotland to join but what that is or what it would entail is a complete unknown . 
  which again would make it seem safer to decouple the two to some extent , it 'd allow the snp to use the argument that scotland needs to be independent to be part of the eu , without committing a future scottish government to actually joining , rather than taking a more norwegian or swiss approach ( if they were open to scotland . . ) . 
   eu membership will be inherent in the independence vote , basically it will be a vote for one and the same . 
  why ? 
  i 'd have thought that on independence , the snp will want everyone to vote for independence . 
  surely the argument that once scotland is independent , it can pursue membership if it wants to , is better than the argument that scotland absolutely would join the eu . . 
  they are separate issues after all , and one wo n't be resolved at the same time as the other . 
  if anything , by decoupling the two , the snp wo n't get meshed in the gears of whether it can actually deliver eu membership in a reasonable time , and wo n't annoy those that do n't want scotland in the eu . 
   now there will be people who will vote for independence but not want to join the eu and they are welcome to try to push that as a political movement if we leave but they wont be given that choice as part of the independence vote . 
  no , i 'd assume that the independence vote wo n't touch on eu membership at all , and that eu membership , any vote on it or anything else for that matter will come after . 
  it 's not like a newly independent scotland would be an eu member automatically upon becoming independent anyway , it 'll take some time to get that sorted once scotland gains independence , if it goes that way . 
  nit sure they are making a strong case for the eu as much as they are making a case that scotland ` being dragged out of the eu against its will ' is a reason for a referendum . 
  that said , the snp made the most positive case within the context of the eu referendum , it 's just that the bar was pretty low . 
  you do realise that firstly , there are issues that should and do require unanimity , and secondly , i 'm talking about the parents position that the eu unifies against other members . . as though that is a good thing ? 
   i see . 
  but , and correct me if i 'm wrong , is n't scotland a separate country within the uk ? 
  is n't that why it and wales and north ireland have their semi autonomous governments ? 
  it is a country , but it is n't a separate country . 
  none of the constituent countries have the same status ( england and wales is one thing , northern ireland is what remains from when ireland was part of the uk and scotland joined in a union . . ) . 
  but they are all , england included , essentially internal divisions . 
  as to why they have devolved parliaments , it 's worth noting that the scottish parliament has only existed as a devolved government since 1999 , wales has a devolved parliament even though it is n't a country in the sense that scotland was , and england does n't have one at all . 
   i mean no state in the us is a separate government . 
  us states have their own constitutions , their own state governments and broadly more powers than the devolved governments in the various parts of the uk do , although scotland probably comes closest . 
  they are administrative subdivisions of the us federal government in the way that english counties are a part of england , so in that case would n't california leaving the us be more like kent leaving england than scotland leaving ; or maybe i 'm misunderstanding the relationship ? 
  yeah , i 'd disagree with that , us states are n't just administrative subdivisions , they are political entities that share sovereign power , they are the ` members ' that make up the union . 
  in that way the us is probably closer in set up to the likes of germany than it is to the uk . 
  but that also means that us states arguably have more power in that federal structure than the constituent parts of the uk have ( again , england has no representation at all at the ` country ' level . . ) . 
   second serious question , do you feel that will brexit not succeed without scotland in the uk ? 
  the uk ( or ruk . . ) will be fine either way , scotland is a small part of the uk after all . 
  you could probably even make the argument that scotland leaving would simplify the uk 's future once it has left the eu . 
  but the uk would n't be the uk without scotland , it 'd be something else . 
  it 's happened before obviously when ireland gained its independence , and the uk would no doubt be perfectly fine , but it 'd still be the end of hundreds of years worth of close integration and leave the uk a smaller and less interesting place . . 
  that 'd tie the two issues together , when really they should n't be . 
  you 'd need a few more questions too , and then it 'd be hard to get a concrete answer , for example : [ ] secede from uk and join the eu [ ] secede from uk and join the eea [ ] secede from uk and do n't the eu or eea [ ] remain a part of the uk ... and probably a few more if you want to throw in questions on currency , devolution or so on . . leaving the uk and joining the eu are n't tied , scotland may well want to leave the uk and not join the eu after all . 
  in fact i would expect a reasonable proportion of scottish nationalists to fall into that category, 
   you do n't seem to understand that the eu is already one of the most consensus heavy governments in the world . 
  no , i 'm not .
