  to be honest , i have n't seen many people on the leave side object either ( i think farage was even quoted in favour . . although there have been noises about the length of the extension . . ) , but i 've seen a lot of remain supporters claiming that leave types would object ... and lets not forget that there is a decent reason for having a deadline , having the rolls available to check for problems for a short period before the election is important , not least because there * have * been issues with registration post ier and indeed recently . 
  erm . . in this case at least it 's not a royal mail issue , quite the reverse . 
  i think the last armoured brigade returned to the uk , but there are still 21,000 + british soldiers in germany . 
  although that 's something like 10 % of what was in germany a few decades ago . . 
  to be fair , the currently serving soldiers would likely be sending postal votes via the bfpo system , so the impact would be greater on ex-military and other expats . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how that breaks out . . 
   do you stay registered once registered ? 
  because i see not all uk nationals are allowed to vote . 
  yes , you occasionally get a note to update your details ( because otherwise they ca n't remove people who have left an area ... ) but the gap between requests depends on your council and where you live . 
  if you live in a largely student area i can imagine you 'd see it more often . 
   i find it amazing that you do not need to provide a current adress to the state . 
  so much stuff depends on your adress here like court stuff , taxes , school , healthcare and so on . 
  you need to provide an address where it 's relevant , but usually to the relevant department or local government etc. . 
  it broadly amounts to the same thing , the electoral roll is what councils and others will use as an indication of where you live ( although . . with caveats ) . 
   yes , you dont ? 
  nope . .  how does the tax authority know where you are via your employer mostly , but voting is managed by local government not the revenue service . 
  and for things like council tax , not everyone pays it ( and in a household you might have one or two people liable for the tax , but more people eligible to vote . . ) . 
  when you move somewhere you are generally asked to register to vote when you register for council tax ( and are asked about all the voters ) but that also excludes students ( who can be registered at home and at university . . ) and so on . 
  it 's really simple , not a barrier . 
  presumably you then have to do something when you establish residency ? 
  notify someone that you 've moved somewhere ? 
  is that any different ? 
  i tend to think we should be disenfranchising people over a few hours of a time limit , but i have less sympathy for people who did n't bother until an hour before the deadline . . 
  the more people able to vote the better , both for democracy generally and of course for the legitimacy of this particular vote . . 
  it is like that in the uk , and you can do it at any time , not just in the run up to an election or in reference to any particular vote . 
  because there are broadly no other mechanisms for a council to know who lives within its borders and is entitled to vote that would apply to everyone . 
  it takes two minutes and you do n't have to do it for each election . . how does your country do it ? 
  i 'd rather everyone who wants to vote be registered , but at the same time , this service is available 24 hours a day 365 days a year , you can register by several means and there has been a push to have people register for the last 3 months + that you have a large ( and it is a large . . ) group of people deciding they all want to register in the last 1 hour 45 minutes before the deadline is a bit unfortunate , and not something you can entirely pin on government ( a government that wants the uk to remain remember . . ) . 
  that 's the question that lots of people are avoiding because the answers would be complex and hard to achieve . 
  essentially what people want from europe differs to such a large degree , that almost any grand european project wo n't match it and either fall far short , or be the wrong shape or indeed be too much . 
  oddly enough , the things that europe does very well are also things that we do outside of political and social union and are things that involve other countries , everything from erasmus through esa/science research out to trade in goods generally functions well and none of that requires the kind of in depth social and political integration that causes many of the issues people have with the eu . 
  essentially , there was once a dream that was the eu , but it lacked substance to such a degree , lacked the support of the populous and was sold as a different thing to so many different people that , like the film quote , it is entirely possible that for some members , it will not survive the summer ... 
  for many things , residency and immigration status are not checked , like say , putting your kid into a state school , using a public library , private contracts ( getting a phone , bank account , electricity supply , all that jazz ) . 
  i think fundamentally it 's about the relationship with the state , and it 's fairly convoluted these days because it is no longer consistent . 
  for example , you do n't need to have any id , you do n't need to tell anyone if you move house , or if you leave the country etc. . but you are legally required to register to vote ( there is technically a # 1000 fine ) , but only if you are asked to register ... 
  i like the uk approach , but i ca n't adequately explain why it makes sense either , i suppose it comes down to a reasonable , hands off approach rather than one that can sometimes seem overly bureaucratic and appear to shift some sort of assumed guilt or suspicion on to the individual . . like i said , it seems to work . 
   does n't this facilitate identity theft a lot ? 
  i feel safe that no one can impersonate me at the bank / auto dealership / government office / police station without my physical id card ( i do not recall the police asking me randomly for it in my life ) . 
  possibly , although i think it 'd depend on the type of fraud . 
  someone can quite easily build a new identity for themselves , but it 's probably almost as hard to take someone elses identity as it would be elsewhere as it still requires knowing enough details and likely having access to their post or it in some way . 
   out of curiosity , what happens if no one can vouch for your identity in the police station ? 
  say , you 're travelling very far from your town . 
  does the police in the uk have your fingerprint or something in a database that you can use to demonstrate who you are and not some random murderer ? 
  i 'd assume you 'd find a way , but i suppose the point would be less that you 'd have to show that you were n't some murderer , but rather that you were . 
  it probably does n't matter too much who you are , it matters that they can or ca n't exclude you . 
  so for example if you are wanted by the police after an arrest , they 'd have your photo anyway , if you have never been arrested , then they do n't really need your id to show who you are , they just need to show that you have done something . . 
  but yeah , it 's very informal and until fairly recently even building formal id ( like getting a ` false ' passport ) was relatively easy because records of births and deaths were n't central either . 
  essentially for a passport you needed a birth certificate and details of the parents , and someone to sign a photo of you saying that it was of you . 
  and you can get a copy of a birth certificate ( not just yours ... ) relatively easily and cheaply . 
  it might sound a bit daft , and it may have flaws , but as a whole it seems to work reasonably well . . 
  they ask you your name and address ... 
  if they do n't believe you they can take you to a police station , where you can be identified ( say , by someone who knows you ) . 
  to be fair , the uk is very liberal on self identity , to change your name you can just use a different one . 
  my partner is known by , has a bank account , mortgage and lots of contracts in , a name that is n't on her birth certificate or passport . 
  last time anyone tried to bring in id cards it hit a solid wall of comparisons to the kind of ` ihre papiere bitte !? ', 
  type scenarios that we associate with nazi germany and the ddr . . 
  indeed , because it is about self determination ( albeit a little less than scottish referendum was ) and separation . 
  but it 's not even slightly odd that someone who voted for scottish independence might support remaining in the eu on the basis of unity being strength , or someone who supported scotland remaining part of the uk voting to leave the eu because they disagree with governance at the eu level . . 
  it 's a different relationship with different consequences , the only bits that are the same are the terms used and the rough overview . 
  the eu , as a union , is nothing like the uk as a union , politically , culturally , socially or otherwise . 
  assumes that leaving the eu is isolationism though , and the trust thing is incredibly questionable . 
  as is the economic argument over anything but the very short term . . 
  oddly enough they are different unions ... 
  yeah , that 'd be sensible too , or over two days . . 
  that actually vaguely makes as much sense as postal voting , but i 'd rather we limit both rather than open it up further . 
  appropriate username . 
  maybe i should turn this around and be very explicit . 
  these are n't issues unique to gmos , they are however issues that i think should be addressed in the context of agribusiness . 
  i 'm not saying we should not use gmo on the basis of thses issues , i 'm saying we should deal with those issues . 
   what gmo-specific risks are they , may i ask ? 
  mostly around ownership of processes and specific organisms , i agree that the monoculture issue is n't gmo specific , but it is something that can be exacerbated with gmo ( especially if they do what we hope they will do very , very well . . ) . 
  most of these issues are reasonably easy to deal with though , my issue is more that arguments seem to be based on poorly grounded safety concerns ( and so dealt with under an excessive interpretation of the precautionary principle . . ) and that eu regulation in the area has been somewhat ham fisted . 
  thank you for your response and the time you have taken to answer these questions . 
  i actually do n't think the above answers the question above but it goes some way toward it , and i 'm enjoying your various other replies so cheers !, 
   when it comes to banning gmos or damaging pesticides like neonicotinoids i realise that the green party have very specific policy on this , but do you think it is reasonable to lump gmo 's and damaging pesticides together like this ? 
  especially given the various expert 's that have make the case for gmos ? 
  i think there are other risks when it comes to gmo beyond safety ( largely around biodiversity and intellectual property . . ) but i feel that this area is actually one where eu regulation has fallen down and is adding to the rather unfortunate state of the public debate around gmo 's ( which in turn means that dealing with the very solvable issues will leave us well behind the curve in technology that could be very very valuable , especially in the context of climate change and environmental protection ) . 
  to be honest i 'd forgotten the deadline was tomorrow and had n't thought about promoting it . . 
  cheers !, 
   i just want to say before diving into answering questions - if you 're not registered to vote please do it now !, 
  the deadline is tomorrow , and it only takes a few minutes on https://www.gov.uk/register-to-vote the mods may want to sticky something to that effect at the top of the subreddit even if it is only relevant to the uk and for the next 24 hours . 
  making sure people can vote is pretty vital even as we continue the debate . 
  maybe / u/ivashkin or someone could think about that ... 
  it would , if the eu were a single political entity with unified foreign policy and interests ... 
  but given that it is n't it does n't really work conceptually . 
  even under the current structures , the the common foreign and security aspect is incredibly limited and is clear that nato is responsible for the territorial defence of europe . 
  essentially there is n't an eu hegemony , and whilst a lot of people here may like that idea , it is n't close at this point on any of the elements where one might expect it ( political , cultural , social etc. . ) . 
   deploying with the french would be the same as deploying with ze germans or the spanish . 
  indeed , but that then is n't an eu army , it 's multilateral cooperation . 
  that 's actually another duplication of effort rather than a simplification , take ` operation atalanta ' the much touted eunavfor counter-piracy military operation at sea off the horn of africa , it 's paired with both the multinational combined task force 151 of the combined maritime forces and operation ocean shield , which is a nato mission . 
  the uk is involved in all three for example , and all of those operations have multiple external partners . 
  the current push for an eu army is a vanity project and it 's well in advance of where the eu is and indeed well in advance of where there is any consensus of what the eu might become . . 
  why ? 
  there is n't a nafta army ... 
  if the eu ever becomes a country , a real federation or similar then maybe , but as it stands there is no need , there are rather a lot of members with their own armies that can use them to support the eu if that fits with their national interests and democratic processes . . 
   there has been no demand for a referendum outside a small handful of people . 
  there has been an increasing call for a referendum , from a broad range of people for quite a long time , peaking relatively recently . 
  in the run up to the 2015 election , the tories , the liberal democrats , the greens , the dup and respect all supported the principle of a referendum . . as to the whole cameron did it at the last minute to win an election thing , it was in the tory manifesto . .  there was never more than a minority support for one . 
  there was significant support across more than just the tory party though . . 
  none of that changes the fact that the demand for a referendum on the eu goes well beyond the conservative party though .
