  i 'm saying that where previously the uk has worked with the likes of the netherlands on a common interest within the eu , the uk leaving only weakens the dissenting view , it does n't eliminate it . 
  and of course in some areas , a single dissenting voice is enough to prevent further action ( although there is always enhanced cooperation available to those states that want to make use of it ) . 
  i would be concerned however if the eu could force through an expansion or major reform of it 's institutions without consent , that would be a bad thing for all involved , which i 'm sure you 'd agree . 
  after all , the eu is a grouping of sovereign states , not a federation . 
   idk if the brexit makes you brits petty or if you were already petty and that made you vote for it . 
  i honestly do n't see what you see as petty here , i hope the eu does manage to carry out the reform and integration that it wants . 
  it would be beneficial for the region and provide stability . 
  i 'd rather not see that forced on members who do n't want it though , and happily in many areas that is n't possible anyway , so the eu will have to continue to form a consensus . 
  surely that 's a good thing all round , rather than your suggestion that the eu could simply force the netherlands or ireland to accede to whatever demands are made because they are too small to protect their interests . 
   that 's nowhere near enough to block anything in brussels . 
  depends on the issue and how the various vote allocations are reassigned , and it 's not just ireland and the netherlands in any case . 
  not to mention that you 'll end up with a slew of new eu political problems if you think the eu can simply cast side the views of whole members , especially whole members that have large economies and are net contributors to the eu budget . 
  the idea that the netherlands , as a whole can be disregarded is a pretty major problem i 'd have thought . 
   the uk want a hard border the uk have said they do n't . 
  ireland have said they do n't . 
  and the eu seems to be saying that they do n't ... 
  the uk and ireland have existing agreements ( as you well know . . ) that deal with working in the uk and ireland for their respective nationals , that does n't have a wider impact on eu nationals so it should n't be an issue , we 'll see in the negotiations of course , but i ca n't see why it would be and apparently almost no-one else does either . 
  it 's significant in that the random briefs , leaks and statements from various parts of the eu are now a coherent position that has been agreed upon . 
  it obviously does n't have any greater significance until we start negotiating and those positions are eroded , built upon , challenged and so on , and we get an idea of what the actual exit looks like . 
  it has always been angry , the target of the anger just changes depending on who is seen to be disparaging about the eu . 
  i mean , in the run up to the referendum we went through several tranches of anger and ridicule , but the uk has hardly been alone in that . 
  germany got a little during the refugee crisis , greece was the enemy for a period when they looked like they might not just lie down and take it , currently the v4 countries are getting a bit of a kicking , austrians nearly got one over the presidential election and if the election in france looked to be going differently ( as unlikely as that would have been ) no doubt french commentators would have been sneered at . 
  it 's the usual thing of seeing people who hold a different position as a threat , and the voicing of that position as an attack . 
   wo n't frustration turn internal towards the british political establishment post brexit ? 
  probably ( and hopefuly ) yes . 
  there will be a period where it is n't ( as there is a period after every general election where everything is the last government fault , regardless of what caused it ) , but over a relatively short period of time it should mean the uk government being held responsible for things that opposition parties can actually do something about if they are elected . 
  a different ira to be fair , but yeah , some people are n't going to quit . 
   those already shifted . 
  no they have n't . 
  there has been some proposals in terms of mitigating the direct impact of the uk leaving , but nothing about the political implications . 
  there ares till major philosophical differences in quite a few areas between germany , france and others that were at least partially mitigated by the uk ( and more recently with the results blamed on the uk 's position or intransigence . . ) . 
  it 's going to be really interesting to see how the eu deals with some of the upcoming issues it faces and with things like whatever replaces ttip . 
   actually it 's the uk which pushed for always more enlargement the uk pushed for enlargement , rather than integration broadly because the uk valued the trade benefits over the political project ...  the eu will function properly at last , the uk was stalling it from its membership the eu still needs reform , without the uk it might be able to carry out more of that reform ( maybe not , the uk was n't alone in opposition , and treaty change still requires unanimity . . ) but the uk 's exit wo n't fix the issues on its own , and it will introduce some minor new issues , especially amongst the other member states who worked with the uk and have positions closer to that of the uk than say france and germany . 
  well that 's obviously not a thing , hungary and poland want to be in the eu and the uk does n't . 
  i 'm sure there 'd be more functional swaps , just not ones that keep the uk in the club . . 
  how do you see france 's relationship with the eu changing over the next decade or so ? 
  in the context of the eu , in what areas do you see priorities for reform , and what kind of reform would you be looking to support or initiate ? 
  swap sinn f\u00e9in for the snp then . 
  between them , they show two different approaches ( absenteeism , vs opposition ) that people with views that go directly against the existence of something ( the uk as a union including their member country . . ) can use in support of their aims ... that is comparable . 
  it 's generally a little difficult to take a country to court over the actions of its secret intelligence services . 
  finally ? 
   i 'd take the tagesschau over bbc news 10 out of 10 times . 
  i watch both , they tend to be pretty much on a par in terms of quality , if you are comparing the tagesschau with a news bulletin . 
  the difference tends to be the focus ( with the tagesschau covering more german specific news etc. . obviously ) . 
  it 's academic now frankly . . 
  that 's reasonable , but i think the argument is that something short of eu membership will reduce those economic issues whilst opening up eu trade to some degree at least , hence the argument some people are making about scotland not joining the eu . 
   as we 'd become a net recipient of membership funds . . 
  i think all the more reasonable suggestions that i 've seen would mean that an independent scotland would be a ( small ) net contributor to the eu , not a net recipient of funds , i think your farmers would be better off via agricultural funding , but if scotland were a net contributor that 's obviously just a movement of scottish funding around anyway and then ring-fenced for farming by the eu . 
   there is : islam . 
  atat\u00fcrk managed to make a democratic state , how well is that working out ? 
  indonesia ? 
  egypt managed for a while too . . 
  if you have a state set up to separate religion from political power it 's entirely possible . 
  if you can go from nazism to democracy , you can have democracy in a muslim majority country . 
   nope , i do n't care . 
  we have a moral responsibility to not piss away what took generations to build . 
  the generations that built that were the ones who thought these issues were important . 
  the whole point of the refugee conventions was to prevent the horrors that very mobile european and jewish people ( amongst others ) experienced after all . 
  of course your values are entirely up to you , i just do n't see them as justifiable , or the threat that you present as credible . 
   yes it is . 
  it 's clear as day that continuing current policies will end in civil war . 
  no , it 's not . 
   i 'm moving to the us for this reason good luck with that . 
   so it is true . 
  glad i was able to correct that misconception . 
  what misconception ? 
  you suggested that migrants get more than nationals , they do n't they get nothing , refugees ( a smaller subset of the people who have moved to europe ) get the same at most , if their claims are valid . . that 's not a correction , that 's a changing of the goalposts . 
   this is a completely irrational feelz based policy . 
  yes , you are right , suggesting that maybe not pulling people out of the sea when made aware that they are drowning is just me being a woolly bleeding heart , it 's all about he feelz ...  more people die because you 're giving them an incentive to take the risk . 
  so turn them around after pulling them out of the sea . 
  the point is that letting them die does n't equate to granting them residency and giving them a house . 
   t 's neither . 
  it 's rational . 
  your policy prescriptions are daft and immoral because not only do more people die at sea , you will also piss away all the progress attained by pushing europe into civil war . 
  europe is not going to enter into a civil war though is it ? 
  i mean . . come on ...  now , i realise that most people are stupid and will continue to vote for idiots until it is too late , which is why i 'm out . 
  see , what i do n't get is how , if you think europe is heading toward civil war , you think the us is somehow a safer option . . 
  but hey . 
   he was confident of a remain victory which looking at the polls even at the time he should n't have been . 
  the main reason that it happened was because of in fighting within his party and not because of the public demand . 
  having high public support was just a bonus . 
  i think he was excessively confident , but as you point out , the decision was necessary because of the issues it was causing him , even within his own party , and because other parties ( including the lib dems ) were using as a stick to beat him , and of course there was public demand too . 
  that does suggest it was the right decision though . 
  he may have been unhappy with the outcome , but the reasons for holding the referendum remain fairly sensible . 
   i think that it was , referendums are seldomly ever a good idea and there was n't that much consideration put into it , in order to make it as reflective as possible . 
  referendums debatably show the public mood at the time so if people change their mind it is pretty hard to do the changes that have been done . 
  i 'd somewhat agree with you . 
  i think they are only sensible on matters of governance ( so independence , changing voting systems , significant treaties with political implications etc. . ) , that 's why they are so rare . 
  eu membership however does seem to fall into that category , and a very clear question , which again , the eu referendum had , is the right approach . 
   i ca n't speak for anyone else but i did n't support it as long as it was announced . 
  no , but you would have been in a minority in the uk . 
   referendums tend to be or at least were quite popular in general it just was that this one was more in the limelight . 
  having an eu referendum is pretty popular in other eu countries as well , 53 % of french people support having a referendum on the eu , while only 33 % of them want to leave , both articles are in french btw . 
  and that goes for most referendums , people want a say , it does n't mean that they all want the same result . 
  that 's perfectly reasonable . 
  you have to take into account that not only was there support in the polls for a referendum , but also support in parliament ( the commons voted 544 to 53 in favour of holding a referendum , those 53 nays all coming from the snp . . ) . 
   yes there was . 
  what exactly ? 
  people wanted a referendum , the government wanted a referendum , the opposition voted for a referendum , even the lib dems did . 
  the issue does n't seem to be that there are regrets that a referendum was held , but that a referendum was held and that remain lost .
