  the uk is a large developed nation and major trading partner . 
  we have mutual interests and both sides need to secure them . 
  the idea that the eu can dictate terms , or that there is a significant enough imbalance to mean the eu can dominate is simply not accurate . 
  the eu generally does n't do well in negotiations because it is representing the interests of 28 competing states , why is that suddenly going to be different now ? 
   it is not fair to give business more rights than labor . 
  agreed , and that 's why freedom of movement is part of the eu 's fundamental freedoms . 
  but the uk wo n't be part of the eu , so we 'll presumably be negotiating specifics . 
  the uk is unlikely to agree to free movement in exchange for access to markets for example . 
  it would be likely to negotiate access to markets for access to markets . 
   the argument against fom , the one that ins n't racist that is , is that the masive increase of population over a short period puts a strain on public services . 
  there are several , most do n't make a lot of sense , but we are n't really having an argument about freedom of movement , because the uk is leaving the eu . 
  we are going to be negotiating on trade . 
  movement of people is generally not included in trade agreements . 
  do n't get me wrong , i assume visa free access and lots of other aspects will be negotiated as part of the uk leaving , but i doubt very much that any negotiation will see labour rights vs business rights as the compromise , it will be uk vs eu trade and access . 
   i would argue that passaporting rights is equally a strain on public services since it basically allows companies to shop for the most favorable tax regimes . 
  no representation without taxation , right ?? 
  i 'd broadly disagree , its about the ability to sell services across the entirety of the eu and the uk and where the regulatory burden is . 
  it 's the difference between needing to be approved by the regulators of every eu member and being able to sell to the eu as a block with the regulatory approval of one body ( or in the context of mutual recognition , your own national regulator ) . 
  you seem to be confusing free movement of capital , goods and services with passporting and then linking that in to free movement . 
  it should really be clear that the uk leaving the eu likely means there will not be free movement of capital , goods and services either , but the aim is as few restrictions as possible from all sides , but it wo n't be the same as being in the single market . 
   it would n't be fair to allow `` passporting '' for business , but restrict fom . 
  i 'm not sure that follows . 
  if the uk and eu agree on bilateral access to each others markets on a similar sort of basis as the current passporting regime , why is that unfair ? 
  it means the eu has access to the uk market without hurdles and the reverse ( and likely a recognition of each others regulators . . ) . 
  surely it would only be unfair if there was a one sided agreement on business access , or say freedom of movement from the uk to the eu but restrictions in the other direction . . passporting is n't somehow linked to freedom of movement as far as i can see . . 
   it weakens political cohesion in the context of when the uk was in the eu , do you think it weakened cohesion more to have the a member compromise and opt out of things that were not in its interests or would it have done more damage if that member had instead prevented those elements that were not in its interests from happening at all ? 
  the opt outs are compromises , the uk would n't block whatever it was that they were opting out of on the condition that they were not included , because there did n't appear to be sensible middle ground . . 
  surely that 's a responsible position . 
  on the uk 's exit negotiations , it is absolutely going to be about ` cherry picking ' because the uk is leaving the eu and as such , a lot of things are going to be up for grabs . 
  the eu is going to want to protect certain things , and retain access to uk markets , the uk is going to want to protect certain things and retain access to eu markets . 
  both sides are going to decide what is in their best interests and what they can do without . 
  that is cherry picking . . 
  i think the point from the comment above , it the everyone wins bit . 
  the eu could absolutely harm the uk if it wanted to , but it could n't do it without harming its own members . 
  i do n't expect the eu to give the uk a deal that goes against its own interests , i would n't expect them to try and make life easier for the uk at the cost to their own members . 
  any reasonable agreement is going to be beneficial to both sides , that 's likely what the uk and eu will aim for . . 
   ahh the uk ca n't be bogged down by bureaucratic issues in regulation of highly complicated products . 
  especially with the glorious fda to look up to . 
  the uk can be , but the eu has taken a problematic approach in various areas of regulation , the ema does n't regulate of course , but if you look at the approval processes , they are n't exactly superbly streamlined , especially given they set essentially beside national regulators ... 
  the ema is n't equivalent to the fda , or even mhra . .  the fact is it 's going to be a slow and difficult process to get a drug approved and a lot of that is intentional . 
  i respect both the fda and ema . 
  of course it is . 
  no-one is suggesting otherwise , the drug approval process is n't the issue in any case , it is the way the eu as a political body regulates ...  also , az is only half british , and gsk is a pretty global company . 
  i 'm looking out my window at one of their major research centers right now in spain . 
  and both are multinationals with the hq 's in the uk . . 
  they operate globally , but they also do a massive amount in the uk , and the uk is rather good at the research that supports the work that pharmaceutical companies do . . 
  good point , i should clarify then , if you look at the hmrc trade figures , you will note that non-eu pharmaceutical exports exceed eu exports , and the us is the single largest export country by a decent margin ( that 's the gross figure , its distorted further by net exports ) . 
  the eu is a large export market ( although that 's a little skewed by re-imports and re-exports ) but its less centralised than the us , with eu states also maintaining national regulatory bodies . . just to clarify how this works in the uk , for a new drug , you 'd apply for a license through the mhra or go through the ema . 
  if the drug is approved by the ema , it then has to be approved by the mhra in order to be marketed in the uk . 
  after that nice still has to evaluate the drug for both efficacy and cost to determine whether mhra will actually be purchased by the nhs . . now multiply that by the number of member states and their own approval processes and national healthcare agencies . . 
  but to address your point , it is n't the case that us is a fractionally larger market than a single eu states resulting in the eu making up the bulk of exports . 
  non-eu exports currently are larger than uk dispatches ( not technically exports , as they include re-exports outside of the eu , and indeed back to the uk . . ) to the eu when it comes to pharmaceuticals . 
  why is it going to be a blow for the industry ? 
  we are leaving the eu , having the regulatory agency in the uk makes pretty much no sense in that context and means that the ema will have no role for uk approvals . . 
  it 'll be a bit like not having the fda in the uk . . 
  lets be clear , the uk has seen a significant boost in pharmaceutical exports in the last few years , driven somewhat by the weaker pound ( since 2013 . . ) , with its largest single export destination being the us . . 
  the nhs is a massive global purchaser of drugs , uk policy ( via nice ) has a global impact and the uk is home to glaxosmithkline and astrazeneca and half the world 's top 10 medical research universities ... 
  i do n't think losing the regulatory agency of a bloc that has issues in how it regulates medical innovation ( and will have a much greater issue once the uk leaves and is no longer part of that decision making . . ) is going to have a relatively small impact in the grand scheme of things . 
  it is a perfectly reasonable thing to like about the eu ... 
   anyone that is n't undecided is basically stupid . 
  there are people that support independence regardless of the uks eu membership , and those that support union regardless of eu membership . 
  they quite reasonably , and on the back of any number of different arguments , see scottish independence , or union , as more important than the question of eu membership . . 
  these are n't questions that can be boiled down purely to eu membership , or even economics ( and the deals that the uk might get . . ) and it 's not even stupid to support a potentially economically weaker position if you have higher priorities ( across anything from education , local governance , health and all the rest of it ) . 
   we all had the same identical expectation . 
  it was that things would remain as they were . 
  no , you really did n't and that was reflected in the debate . 
  you had those that saw the cameron reforms as the right direction , with promise of more , you had those on the left ( especially labourin ) talking about a fairer socially minded eu . 
  there was a massive amount of talk about the eu not being idea , but that it could and would be reformed and so on . 
  yes , remainers wanted to remain in the eu , and leavers wanted to leave , but there was a diversity of expectation on both sides . 
  that 'll actually be a huge issue for anyone running a ` rejoin ' campaign in the future , people do n't really like the eu as it is , and there is n't a lot of unity around what kind of eu they would really like , so selling a convincing vision of the eu to enough people would be hard to the point of impossible . 
   i think there was such a diversity of expectations among leave voters , who were promised a range of impossible policies . 
  of course there is ( there was a diversity of expectation among remain voters too , the reform angle was a huge pull for those wavering ) , there were lots of reasons for voting one way or another after all , however i do n't think that there is even a significant minority with the position you are suggesting , nothing seems to support that there might be anyway . 
   you may be right , but will the eu make an exception for the uk/irish border while every other border will have the same rules on border guards and access ? 
  because it is n't every other border , and i 'd assume that the eu does n't want to be seen as responsible for a partition for a whole host of very good reasons . 
  we have enough issues with terrorism already , it does n't seem terribly clever to paint a target on the eu over an issue that does n't provide a benefit to the eu either way , especially given that ireland is n't part of schengen anyway . 
   would n't it just be considered by the eu leaders as a possible further victory for brexit if a concession is given ? 
  i do n't see why , the current uk/ireland border situation is n't a direct result of eu membership , and ireland is hardly going to be happy with a border . 
  it is n't a concession to the eu . . 
  i doubt it would be seen as a victory for the eu on the issue of brexit , i think it would be ( rightly ... ) seen as incompetence and potentially be a driver for euroscepticism in ireland and it would certainly cause political issues . 
  i also ca n't see ireland enforcing any such requirement ( and the uk is n't going to . . ) because of the potential domestic impact , at that point the eu would have to act ( or be seen as unable to do so and weak . . ) which again , would n't be a great situation to end up in . 
  the eu could n't exactly win there could it . . 
  i do n't even know what options it would have . 
  interestingly none of the people i know that voted leave want to see the union broken up . 
  i doubt that there is anything like a majority support across the uk , never mind england for a breakup . 
  it makes you wonder what the reaction would be from the various paramilitary groups that do n't like that idea much . 
  i ca n't see the eu creating a situation that it 's own member state does n't like , that neither party wants and that leaves eu border guards as potential targets in what could be seen as an attempt by the eu to partition ireland ( or at least reverse the work done to remove barriers ) . . 
  look at the numbers , the pensions deficit for defined schemes , went from 1.55 % to 1.65 % . . 
  the lowest it has been this year is 0.9 % . . 
  it 's a lot of money ( a swing or around 100bn pounds ) but in a class that is worth many trillions of pounds . . and this is about government bond yields , which have been on the floor for quite a long time ( and reduce the cost of government borrowing . . ) . 
  to put that into perspective , if the result in scotland had been for remain at a ratio of 20/80 rather than 40/60 and turnout had been as high as in england , the uk would be remaining in the eu because of the scottish vote . 
  at it was , of the 2.6 m ( ish ) people who voted in scotland , the majority was 600k for remain . 
  to a very different degree , and with a different scope . 
  that 's sort of important do n't you think ? 
  excelt the course has to be provided by an approved provider , and the uk has been cracking down pretty hard on education visas ( because it does reduce numbers ) for a long time . 
  so no , the vast majority of student visas , are going to students in the uk to study for a specific period . 
  you see , because the uk has n't been able to manage eu migration , it has put all sorts of often rather silly restrictions in place on people from non-eu countries , spouses , students and businesses have all seen it get much harder to get hold of non-eu migrant visas . 
   i do not think that such fundamental constitutional changes which change the very definition of the state which we live in are one of these decisions . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  we get to decide basically how we are governed , that is n't something that can be imposed , because if it is it invalidates everything else , you need to have support . 
  the parent points at the brexit vote as a dumb one , it was n't , it was an expression that a significant part of the uk simply is n't on board with the aims of the eu , what 's worse is that most of the remain voters also are n't , but were willing to put up with it on the basis of some vague notions of reform .
