  i certainly see the miscarriage of justice that occurred afterwards as unjustifiable and wrong . . 
  but you ca n't look at a bombing and only see the miscarriage of justice that resulted and not the actual impact of the bombing right ? 
  right , but you are talking about what the guilford bombings led to , and that was 5 dead , 60 + injured and a miscarriage of justice . 
  you missed out the fatalities and injuries ( and we are both ignoring the impact on people across the uk ) in your summation . 
  it also killed 5 people and injured more than 60 . 
   i do n't know if they 're armed , just asking . 
  normally they would n't be , if there was intelligence to suggest that firearms might be involved , or that there is a justification that requires them to be armed they would be . . 
   at that point people can start arguing that common words have a different legal meaning and then where does it stop ? 
  to be fair , that tends to be what happens when there is n't enough clarity , and we are talking about a lot of money too , which makes it worth while , every penny that ends up going to the eu will either have to come from uk taxpayers , and obviously every penny that does n't will likely have to be made up by members . . 
  so politically there is an issue on both sides ( the uk not wanting to pay for things it does n't need to , and the eu not wanting to have to deal with issues around its budget ) . 
   similarly , this agreement will lay the foundation of future relations between eu and uk and therefore i would rather have it discussed in that frame of mind . 
  yeah absolutely , the point there of course is that the uk and eu will be looking for areas where they can compromise and where there is give and take , the problem will be how both sides value this pot of money owed ... after all given and take over 5bn will be considerably different to a give and take over 50bn . 
   if you 're going the lawyering route then i suppose no sane conversation is possible . 
  my point is that it is n't ` like ' anything else , it 's a group of countries for starters , the law that applies to treaties is n't the same as the national law that applies to contracts and its a bit silly to try and apply one to the other . 
  in the context of what is ethically right , it 's easier . 
  the uk should pay for the liabilities it has incurred , but the eu seems to be going well beyond that , which does n't seem terribly valid . 
  but in either case , the determination of what is valid and what is n't will be made by the uk and eu and then probably discussed . . 
   the eu is rather like a student club that purchases books ... no , the eu is a political and economic union . . 
  it 's not a club , or a mortgage , or a phone contract . 
  it is defined by its treaties and it is not at all clear at this point what liabilities the uk may legitimately have , and what liabilities to the uk the eu may have . 
   so their future pensions are a delayed payment for the services rendered during the uk 's membership period . 
  the uk benefited from them , so they should pay for it . 
  quite possibly , but the bulk of the demand by the eu has nothing to do with pensions . . 
  the 2 years the uk and eu have now are to come to an arrangement on exit terms , not to put in place an fta . 
  i 'd assume the uk and eu could agree on an interim agreement until the uk and eu can negotiate an fta though , . 
  you are right in saying that the eu is pretty awkward when it comes to putting together trade agreements though , because it does have lots of members to consider , but in the case of the uk , at least we 'd be starting from a reasonably close point too ... 
  the uk and eu will have a trade agreement in time though . 
  but the uk has been a net contributor throughout that period . 
  so why would it require a payment beyond that to pay for services rendered to it ? 
   i am surprised you have n't , it is actually a pretty common argument . 
  the argument goes that if greece had its own currency it would 've never been allowed to borrow that much money and it could devalue its currency which would make it competitive . 
  ok , i 'll rephrase , i 've seen and indeed agree with the arguments that greece would have had more control of its economy , and would have been better able to respond to the 2008 if it were n't in the euro , but not that the euro caused the crisis in greece . 
  the borrowing aspect is arguably true to a certain extent too , but they are n't the causes of greece 's problems , they contribute to the issues that greece has in getting itself out of the problems it has at present . .  it is n't that simple . 
  especially if they are thinking that you are trying to defend to what is in their mind is the un-defendable . 
  in an ideal world it would be but sadly that is n't the case among certain people . 
  it is that simple , if you make an indefensible argument in the face of an indefensible argument , no-one is going to walk away better informed or with a different view ... to a certain extent it 's better not to make an argument at all , than it is to try and take an absolutist stand you ca n't defend , and the person you are debating with can relatively easily dispute . 
  it undermines the argument . 
   i think much of that is down to anti-euro people who are more than happy to claim that it is going to collapse yeah , i think that 's one of the sillier suggestions , it 's not going to collapse , without reform you might see a move away from the euro , although that would n't be easy and frankly would only be likely if there were some other significant crisis that fundamentally threatened the stability and viability of the currency . 
  the issue should n't be that the euro will collapse , but that without reform it can and will have long term consequences for the countries using it . 
   and blame all of greece 's problems on the euro . 
  i have n't seen that much of that , usually people point at the issues greece has in terms of how it could respond to the crisis as a member of a single currency and how the lack of control over monetary policy put it in a pretty weak position , but i suppose some people could stretch that . .  these people make any debate on the euro much harder as they take it to such an extreme that people feel like they have no choice other than to defend it . 
  but you can defend it and pierce most of the arguments that people are likely to make by making it clear that a reformed/restructured euro would n't have those issues . . 
  the problem with a blind defence is that it lacks as much credibility as the alternative . 
  we are talking about the pensions of people who worked within the eu though , not the pensions and social security benefits of an entire country , that 'll be a few orders of magnitude different in scale and cost . 
   that being said , getting a trade deal without freedom of movement is unfeasible . . getting full membership of the single market without freedom of movement is unfeasible , a trade deal is doable and likely in time . 
  the uk would happily remain in the eu if it were a trade bloc and little else , it 's not ambivalence as much as it is a totally different view of what the eu should be . 
   to be fair i 'd love to see how it would do if it had actually been properly structured with everything in place to begin with . 
  absolutely right , the really annoying bit about people riding to the defence of the euro is that it does have problems but that they are solvable . 
  simply ignoring them and claiming anyone else is a naysayer is silly , solving the issues that do exist would provide a major benefit to the eurozone and probably everyone else too . 
  if it were the cover for the negotiating schedule then it 'd be unprofessional , but as a poster it 's just funny . . of all the reasons there are to dislike the eu project , this really is n't one of them , if anything it dispels the grey eurocrat meme a little . 
  i 'm printing a copy for my desk now , it 's superb . 
  goes well with the [ ` five on brexit island ' ] ( https://www.goldsborobooks.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/five-on-brexit.jpg ) book , although some of the others were funnier . . 
  i think the problem is bilateral and broadly one related to perception . 
  you are right that the uk is n't entitled to some fantastic deal any more than the eu can dictate terms , the only deal will be a mutually beneficial one that leaves everyone somewhat happy and indeed does n't break the values that either side is basically trying to present ( so for the eu it is no single market without free movement , for the uk it will be leaving the eu in actuality not just in name - the norway/switzerland model wo n't work for the uk and the eu ca n't give single market access in a completely new manner . . ) . 
  that said , i 'd argue that the perception of that position of imaginary entitlement is one that is being projected , rather than one that exists . 
  you see it on here in terms of discussions about opt-outs or the rebate , the uk did n't just decide it was entitled to those things , it had to compromise to get them . 
  any deal will be similar , it will be the product of compromise . 
   tusk , merkel , hollande and others do n't see why the final deal should ultimately be preferential to the uk rather than for another large non-eu country of interest ( e.g. 
  canada ) if the uk does n't want to make concessions on key eu principles e.g. 
  free movement of people . 
  i think the key here is that the uk has already said that it is almost certainly going to leave the single market because of the issues around free movement , so any deal from there will be ` worse ' than the current situation . 
  however the point on any deal being preferential to the uk rather than for another large non-eu country of interest is a bit silly . 
  of course it will , because the eu and uk will first be agreeing exit terms to the eu and a huge number of bilaterally beneficial things that the uk and eu bring to each other outside of trade . 
  when it does come to trade , the eu and uk are already very close in approach and regulation , that means unlike canada , there are fewer issues to resolve in making a trade deal . 
  and again , the uk and eu carry out vastly more bilateral trade now than the eu and canada ( in fact bulk of the eu/canada trade is in fact eu/uk trade ... ) and the uk economy is half as big again as the canadian one . . 
  in short , the deal that the uk and eu reach will likely be more preferential , because it provides more benefits to both sides . 
  the idea that there is a model agreement that should be applied to every country is a bit daft , agreements are tailored to provide the most benefit . .  finally , the example on how germany and others took the hit with letting in masses of refugees shows the willingness and risk they are willing to take for the greater good of the union ( in support to the migrant crisis in greece and italy back then ) . 
  i 'm not sure that germany and others were looking to take a hit , or that they felt it was for the greater good of the union , after all , the eu is still scrambling on how to manage that particular situation and of course some members were rather less on board with the whole process . 
  i think that particular situation essentially involved making the best of a shitty situation and resulted in lots of different approaches and the creation of a lot of tension ... 
  however , if you take the greek crisis , you will note that germany very particular has put its own political and economic interests before those of the union as a whole and some members in particular . . 
  in short i think there is more of an indication that members will put the good of the union up there with their own national interests and domestic political pressures , but they will look to balance them rather than take a hit where possible . 
  and that is the great bit about the potential of eu/uk talks , both sides can win , there is no need for the uk to walk away , or for the eu to try to create a situation where the deal is designed to be less than it could be ` pour encourager les autres ' ... 
  there is a lot to lose , not a lot to win if things turn sour , but there are no real reasons why they should . 
   anyway , it will be interesting and again i apologise for having been a dick in my previous post . 
  no probs . 
  does that apply to the eu as a block too , or just every other country in the world that is n't in the eu ? 
   the eu can be pretty brutal to insiders . 
  to outsiders it can be a real bully . 
  to be fair , that sounds like an argument that it 's better to be on the outside , and to be big enough that the eu ca n't bully you easily . . 
   they both need the other ? 
  once it 's out , the eu does n't really need the uk more than any other non-eu country on the planet . 
  yes , they both need each other , they have a lot of bilateral trade and interlocking interests , as well as regional strategic interests that are important to each other . 
  neither would benefit from the other being hostile or even neutral . 
   if you think that the uk is indispensable for the eu to prosper , then think again . 
  the uk is not indispensable for the eu any more than the eu is indispensable for the uk , but both are important to the other in terms of prosperity . . 
  both sell , buy and make things that the other wants to sell , buy and have made , and on a very large scale . 
   the union exists not because of brussels , but because the countries that form the union are stronger together and aim to prosper together than if they were on their own . 
  indeed , and because there are joint political aims and other areas where they want to work together , that 's great . 
   they 'll stick together at member state level . 
  i 'm sure they will . 
   if this requires to set a precedent or simply ignore the demands of the uk , while taking a temporary hit , then so be it . 
  why does it require mutual damage ? 
  i mean , what earthly reason is there for the eu to push a deal that does n't benefit it and so harms its own interests and economy and the interest of its members ? 
  i mean surely the sane thing to do would be to work out a mutually beneficial deal that everyone can get behind right ? 
   i would n't be surprised if this turns sour . 
  there 's a lot of leverage within the eu to convince any uk sympathetic member state to shut up ( e.g. 
  if poland creates problems , germany may support eu regulations that benefit polish farmers , etc ) . 
  because being aggressive toward the uk is in some way useful ? 
  i mean surely the idea here is to get the most beneficial deal for the eu as possible , that will mean a deal that the uk and eu both can agree on , which in turn means one that benefits both and does n't ` punish ' one . 
   the uk has disregarded for too long the eu ` vision ' that is very true , the uk had and continues to have a very different idea of what it would like from the eu than some other members , that is why the uk is leaving , it does n't fit in the political project .
