   our eu is weak , we need to be on our guards . 
  that may be true , but that does n't mean that everyone else poses an existential threat to the eu . 
  the uk leaving the eu is n't a hostile act , it 's following a procedure that is explicitly available to it because people decided that they do n't want to be a part of the project . 
  surely that 's ok and no in itself a provocation ? 
   there are so many problems right now and brexit is another indeed , and that may well be one of the reasons why the uk voted to leave . 
  many of the problems that the eu faces have existed for along time , or have simply grown because they have n't been dealt with . 
  but the uk leaving does n't have to create a crisis , it does n't have to be another major problem it can simply be a parting of ways . 
   you might call farage a nutter * , but he is a powerful and successful politician , a man whom the british people chose to represent them in the european parliament for years , a man who almost single-handedly kept ukip together . 
  due to the fpp system of the uk his party has few seats , but in vote share his party is third or fourth . 
  these are n't just some fringe elements . 
  farage could n't get elected anywhere in the uk , he tried quite hard . 
  and whilst ukip did see massive gains in the run up to the referendum ( it got 12 % of the vote in 2015 for example , almost 4 million people voted ukip ) it was largely because they were the only party you could vote for that was n't pro-eu ... again , a huge number of people who voted leave would simply not vote ukip , because their priorities lie elsewhere and because much of ukips policies and platform simply is n't that popular ( and some of it is outright unpopular . . ) . 
  farage had some power because he was one of the few figures that was absolutely associated with leaving the eu . 
  that said , there are far more eurosceptic labour and tory voters than there are ukip voters . .  i read in either the guardian , or the economist that a group of the conservatives , refereed to as the bastards , has been maneuvering to get the uk out of the eu for years . 
  there have been significant euro-sceptic groupings within the conservative party for a long time , labour used to be significantly euro-sceptic , in fact it would seem ( based on the referendum ) that the uk broadly is quite euro-sceptic ... 
  but the proportion of those people who want to see the eu fail is considerably smaller . 
  i mean lets be clear , for a lot of people in the uk there is simply little love for the eu , it is n't a matter of seeing it as a challenger or a rival or an enemy , more of seeing it as unlikable , incompatible or simply not terribly relevant to what they want . 
   this ambassador to the eu says just the same . 
  there is some right wing anglo-saxon school of thought that really does seek the destruction of our eu and we should be ready to resist . 
  there are people who would like to see the eu collapse , they exist in the us , in the uk , no doubt they exist in china , in france , in germany and in russia too ... is that all some sort of anglo-axis ? 
   * i 'm not familiar with the term nutter . 
  is it derisive because it relates to going nuts as in being crazy . 
  or because it relates to nutting as a slang term for ejaculation ? 
  the former . 
   it 's not just may , but in the brexit campaign they were clearly supportive of the collapse of the eu . 
  a minority of it yes , some of ukip absolutely , but not many . 
   farage has made statements like that . 
  some of the others too . 
  farage is fairly extreme , but his positions are on the extreme end when it comes to the eu and frankly he does n't represent the bulk of those wanting to leave the eu . 
  a lot of people who voted leave , would never vote ukip for example . .  a sizeable component of the british politicians are working towards the destruction of the eu a much larger component do n't want to see the uk leave the eu at all and are being pushed that way because of public opinion and the referendum . . can you think of more than a very small handful of elected representatives in the uk who actually want to see the uk fail ? 
  and if so , how many of those are in positions of any kind of power ? 
  the uk as a whole , it 's politicians and indeed its citizens do n't want to poison the eu or see it fail , but it seems that some find it a far easier message ( they are attacking us ... ) to spin than having to explain why the uk might have voted in such large numbers to leave the union . 
  indeed , had a bit of a discussion about it yesterday in fact . 
  you could simplify ceta quite a bit and still end up with a better arrangement between canada and the uk than what exists , without harming either 's interests . 
  exactly how we get from where we are now to there is the bigger question really , a mutually beneficial fta is almost the easy bit . . that said , even with the amount of trade between the uk and canada i 'm not sure any increases could really offset the impact of canada not having a decent arrangement with the us . 
  i think you are somewhat over estimating how close the positions of the uk and us are with regard to the eu . . 
  well obviously , the uk will have left in a couple of years , and i 'd argue that most people , in the eu and out , would like to see it change in some ways ( including the most pro-eu people out there ) . 
  it wo n't exist as it is now , but it 'll almost certainly still exist , especially in the sort of short time frame you are talking about . 
  i think you 'll find that a very small minority of your countrymen see the eu as pernicious or as corrupt as the workers party of korea or indeed anyone else with poor or dysfunctional government . 
  not wanting to be part of something because it 's aims do n't align with our does n't mean it is somehow harmful or corrupt generally . . 
  there are lots of issues with the eu , lots of problems that need fixing , and the uk is better off out of it , but at the same time the eu 's success and positive reform would be a good thing . 
  it 'll be a little more complicated once the uk is out of ceta but it 'd potentially mean canada would have a lot of work to do re-prioritising it 's economy and trade . 
   so we have us , uk and russia , all loving the idea of eu failing . 
  great . 
  that 's a bit excessive , the uk does n't want to see the eu fail , it just does n't want to be a part of it . 
  i 'd argue that russia would like to see the eu contract westward rather than disappear ( there are some significant benefits to russian access to an economically prosperous union . . ) although yes , the us in a fit of insanity seems to be presenting an official position that they would like to see the eu fail, 
   i 'm just worried that everything that is not at all about brexit is suddenly becoming about brexit !, 
  we 've got at least 2 years of that , so get used to it ...  this is about process that is tedious and has been for a long time . 
  there is no `` discriminating against eu nationals '' but it keeps the pressure on and it 's good for domestic consumption in the eu , it makes it sound like the eu is fighting injustice on behalf of its citizens . 
  now it 's not what i 'd like to see the eu do to build the internal cohesion and sense of identity that it really needs , but it might go some way to do that for some people . . 
   please take it to / r/the _ schulz of course that 's a thing . . 
  at first glance , unless there is something else happening , i think your summation is accurate . 
  the home office seems to take an incredibly awkward approach to . . well , almost anything related to citizenship and residency . 
  that is n't particularly new ( i had issues getting a replacement passport at one point that was not only incredibly bureaucratic , screwed up because of a mistake made by the passport office and also massively insensitive to boot . . ) and it needs to be improved , but i do n't think its discriminatory . 
  that said , the people usually impacted by this generally have few options but to play the game and persevere , if the eu gets a bit shouty they might actually create some positive change in that particular bureaucracy . . ) . 
  whether it 's actually better in other eu states is another question too , i know a few people jumping through hoops in germany and it seems the process is long , bureaucratic and quite painful , and indeed very variable . 
  all it takes is one screw up or one slightly odd situation and you can end up in a bit of a confusing mire . . 
   the first idea would take very long . 
  please look up the list of bilateral free-trade agreements and find something which was done in `` 12-18 months '' . 
  many of those did not start from scratch , but had similar starting points like ceta . 
  i do not find anything as quick as you state . 
  take a look [ here ] ( https://piie.com/blogs/trade-investment-policy-watch/how-long-does-it-take-conclude-trade-agreement-us ) it is entirely possible to negotiate trade agreements quickly , moreso if you are talking about open economies ( and the uk is traditionally , and by the sounds of it , currently , more open than the eu ) . 
   the second approach ( signing and renegotiating ) is also not promising . 
  imagine renting an appartment for 1000 $ . 
  you subscribe to get it done quickly . 
  after that you ask the landlord to renegotiate . 
   he might well be willing to take 1100 $ . 
  he will not go for the 900 $ you intend . 
  you will pretty much stay where you are . 
  when you subscribe something you can not just renegotiate for shit and giggles . 
  i do n't quite understand why people insist on incredibly stupid , and often irrelevant parallels when it comes to trade agreements , or indeed why they see them as a trading of one thing for another with the idea that there can be or should be an overall winner . 
  in this case if we were talking about a renegotiation along side a continuation of existing trading terms , then both sides would be looking to improve the agreement . 
  both sides would be looking for benefits by making changes . 
  to put it in context of ceta , the uk and canada could get rid of a few of the reservations that are in place where it 's appropriate , or they could get rid of a slew of the quotas that are in ceta because they do n't make sense in terms of protecting uk industry ( they do for other eu states ) or canada , because they are n't relevant to uk industry . 
  the various tarrifs that are listed in ceta are also not likely to all be beneficial to the uk or canada . 
  scrapping quite a few of those would be a net benefit to the uk and canada , again because neither side has to protect itself from the kind of state subsidy that some eu areas enjoy . 
  in short , it 's easier for the uk and canada to remove barriers , both tariff and non-tariff without compromising either on domestic production or regulatory standards and so for both sides to see a benefit . 
  or to take your rather daft example , imagine renting an apartment for 1000 $ . 
  you subscribe to get it done quickly . 
  after that you ask the landlord to renegotiate . 
  he might well be willing to take 1100 $ and give you an apartment that is 20 % bigger . . everyone leaves happy , the landlord is getting more money , and you have the bigger apartment you wanted the first time anyway . 
  it 's not a zero sum game and for the uk and canada , there are benefits to be had on both sides by maintaining trade in the run up to putting a full fta in place , and benefits from making sure that the fta that does end up in place is better than what is currently available from ceta . 
   ceta was done with the eu umbrella . 
  leaving the eu , uk will lose agreements like this . 
  indeed . 
   now , you could copy & paste ceta to set up a new deal with uk . 
  parliaments ratify , job done in 2 months . 
  you could , and you could use that as a starting point for a more appropriate agreement for both sides , ceta leaves a lot to be desired on a bilateral uk/canada basis when compared to a canada/eu basis . 
   but would canada like this ? 
  they might say `` we can get a better deal , because uk is desperate after leaving eu '' . 
  they could , or they could say , `` we can get a better deal because the uk is leaving the eu '' . 
  which would likely be true because a bilateral agreement , especially between the uk and canada would indeed likely be more beneficial . 
   childish maybe , but let us be honest : copy & paste will not do it . 
  new negotiations -  5 years minimum . 
  for a bilateral ? 
  that 's not remotely likely . . 
  the sensible solution would be to trade on the basis of ceta ( or close to it ) and then aim for a new bilateral in 12-18 months , which should be more than doable . 
  if i were canda i 'd also be looking at ceta and wondering if it 's still appropriate without the uk ( canada 's largest eu partner . . ) or whether it needs to be renegotiated . . 
   they 're both likely to only be around until 2020 as much as i 'd love that in a uk context , i do n't really see may going anywhere . 
  trump on the other hand . . fuck knows .
