  the eu also has a greater proportion of its labor market at stake . 
  might well be correct , but the whole ` linked to trade ' aspect is tenuous ( and it was tenuous when the remain camp used it in the campaign . . ) . 
  both sides have a lot to lose , but under any of the worst case scenarios there would be so much readjustment on both sides that it 'd be hard to define an impact . 
  you can pretty much guarantee that many of the jobs presumed as linked would n't be lost , even if trade were seriously curtailed , and no doubt there are quite a few non-linked jobs on both sides that would be lost if there were a down-turn as a result of trade restrictions . 
  i 'd argue that trying to model impact like this does n't work yet , you have to make too many assumptions and oversimplify massively . . 
  i 'd also argue that in the short term there wo n't be a winner and a loser in all this , any agreement will either be beneficial or negative on a bilateral basis . 
  long term that will change as things shake out , but that will depend as much on how companies react and governments act as it will on the negotiated terms of the uk 's exit . 
  iirc ceta , is a mixed agreement ( and the commission have said so ) so it 's going to need the approval of all members and that could mean referendums in various eu states . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens with it . 
  probably worth nothing that these were intercepted by raf typhoons , which are n't being replaced by the f-35s . 
  the raf has 130 + eurofighter typhoons too , it 's not replacing those with the f35 . . 
  only a small proportion of businesses export at all , so it 's not surprising . 
  it 's a bit like people pointing at the size of the domestic services sector and suggesting it 's an issue , it is n't my local hairdressers , fish and chip shop and plumber are all unlikely to export and all of them are in the service sector . . 
   that 's interesting . 
  i remember reading an article ( on the ft or bloomberg ) about how space constraints was another major issue , in terms of banks moving over their staff . 
  there is an element of that i think , especially for paris , but to a certain extent i 'd have thought that 'd be easier to get around if the banks were serious about moving . 
   i have to say i 'm quite puzzled as to why paris was suggested as an alternative to london , as the ` financial capital ' of europe . 
  to be fair , people tend to list a whole slew of cities , paris , frankfurt , amsterdam , dublin etc. . and assuming the worst case scenario , i 'd assume some uk subsidiaries to end up being set up across those cities , probably more to dublin , rather than concentrating in one city . 
   i was under the impression that paris had scared off all the hfs and pes to london due to the spectre of the ' 75 % tax ' . 
  that and the ftt and a whole slew of other policy directions that the banks do n't see as positive to their businesses or would make it harder for them to pull in the staff they want . 
  it 's something you can have as part of your contract , or not , but it is available . 
  the eu free roaming element will simply ( and has already with the more recent changes ) be a component part of your bill . . my point though is that you can already get eu wide roaming as part of a contract in the uk and different operators are offering different and competing approaches to it ( i think ee offers broad roaming too . . ) . 
   can you provide examples please ? 
  because considering the prices in the us , you would have millions of americans getting a uk operator if it was free and unlimited . 
  given you 'd need an address in the uk , a contract and so on i doubt that 'd be easy . 
  it may also not be totally unlimited in terms of the time you spend abroad , but then the eu approach wo n't be either ( for the same reasons you point out above , it 'd mean a french person could grab a polish contract and be done with it , that 's not on the cards ) . 
   i think that what you mean by `` free '' is actually specific packages that cost extra and offer a few gb of data to use abroad . 
  we have those too , and this is not free roaming at all . 
  no , it 's the ability to use the data and calls included in your contract abroad , i think three offer the broadest coverage with their ` feel at home ' stuff , but it 's not unique to three . 
  as i said above , some operators are already doing it , and over a wider area than the eu . 
   why would they negotiate anything ? 
  because some uk phone operators already offer free roaming in the eu , and across countries that are n't in the eu , like australia , and the us and lots of other countries . . 
  except the ones on contracts that already have free roaming right , and beyond the eu at that ... 
  if you take uk law , the rules on use of force generally apply to everyone ( although context is pretty important . . ) from the police , the average person to soldiers stationed in the uk . 
  the basis of that is essentially the idea that ' a person may use such force as is reasonable in the circumstances for the purposes of self-defence , defence of another , of property , the prevention of crime or lawful arrest . ', 
  that is then judged on the basis of whether force is necessary in the circumstances , i.e. 
  was there a need for any force at all ? 
  and and whether the force used reasonable in the circumstances ? 
  i 'd assume the us has a similar set of rules ( and that they will vary state by state to some extent ) but its still odd that the perception of what is reasonable is so different . 
  i remember reading about some incident in the uk ( ca n't remember which one ) where someone threatened police officers with a knife , us commentators from the us were incredulous that the police were n't able to simply shoot the perpetrator because they were n't armed , whilst those from the uk saw the approach of containing and then disarming someone without resorting to lethal force as normal . 
  essentially , the rate of acceptable escalation as well as when it is deemed reasonable to use force , and especially lethal force seems to be calibrated very differently in the us . 
  they are accurate for the uk . 
  the statistics are usually collected separately though , so you 'll have numbers for england and wales , northern ireland and scotland . 
  and yes , northern ireland has skewed those stats somewhat in the past ... 
  yup , true , the assumption of risk is higher , and the threshold for acceptable self-defence is lower . 
  the fact that it has been allowed , and is seen as acceptable ( by a majority at least ) is troubling though . 
   in comparison : following the `` washington post '' in the same time span 990 people have been shot dead by the police in the usa . 
  relative to its population sizes this means that 25 times as many people have been shot in i think the uk stats were 1 person shot , one person died after being tasered and uk police discharged their firearms 7 times . 
  now i realise that the us has some very different issues , but the contrast is staggering . 
   ... you think the gbp weights more than the euro ? 
  i think you can clear and trade the pound ( and dollars and currently the euro ) anywhere . 
  and london does by far the most currency trading globally . . look , i 'm happy to debate the impact of the uk losing passporting rights , but you should really go and have a look at what that means , and indeed what clearing is and what it means to have a freely traded , global reserve currency . 
  because based on the above , you seriously have no idea what you are talking about ... 
   i do n't think you quite understand what rule of law mean . 
  if the eu law say `` since the uk rejected passportship rights , euro denominated clearances in the uk are now illegal by eu law '' ; the eu banks can either reject such transactions , or get the judicial hammer on them for fraud & get evicted from usual banking systems such as swift & visa . 
  which would cause them unthinkable losses so they wo n't do it . 
  yup , the eu could do that . 
  it wo n't though . 
  it 'd kill the euro . 
  the euro is trying to be a real , grown up currency like the dollar or the pound . 
  so as a global reserve currency it has be be able to be traded and cleared anywhere . 
  if you restrict that , then it ceases to be global currency , and it becomes a while hell of a lot less attractive . 
  a demand to have euro-denominated swaps only cleared in the eurozone would represent a massive issue for the eu and the euro and it 'd be an anomaly globally . 
   eu & us banks can and will operate without the uk if it comes to that you know ... 
  i 'm sure they can , but given the markets and operations that are in london , and given the benefits london has i do n't see the us trying to sideline london , and frankly i ca n't really see the eu doing it either . .  you own less than 1 % of the euro in circulation so even if we had to fully write off every last euro you own , we 'd just shrug it off . 
  most of the money that pass by london in fact get sent either to ireland or to ( other ) tax fraud havens behind . 
  i 'm not talking about the uk holding on to euros , or somehow trying to attack the currency . . 
  the uk is incredibly open , and historically has been , that is n't going to change . 
  if the eu were to regulate in such a way as to reduce how open it is ( requiring that euros are cleared in the eu for example ) would however damage the euro and the eu . .  you 're living in denial right there . 
  at least 50 % of your gdp minimum rely on it . 
  it 's your own oil curse . 
  erm . 
  the uk ( like most developed countries ) has a massive service economy , but the bulk of that is n't financial services targeted abroad its everything from restaurants to advertisers , and architects to painters . 
  services account for 78 % of the uk economy , the account for 79 % of the french economy and 74 % of the german economy . 
  yes , the uk sees considerably more of its gdp , and indeed exports from financial services , but that 's around 12 % , compared to 4 % in germany . 
  it 's not 70 % under any circumstances . 
  i think you may possibly be a little underinformed in this are . 
   well i guess i ' `` m not the one that 's going to loose hundreds of billions when the pound reach half an euro because nobody can use it in europe nor use euros in the uk anymore due to your refusal of passporting soo ... no you are n't and no-one else is either . . 
   the only thing that would get isolated if the uk refuse passporting ( financial trading rights ) is the uk ... no . . 
  the uk and eu would then find it harder to access and sell services to each other . 
  the eu does a lot of business and needs access to a lot of business in the uk too . 
  neither side would be isolate . .  the euro certainly would n't get killed since the uk does n't neither use the euro nor possess a very large amount of it ( at least not significant enough to `` kill '' it . 
  clearances would simply happen elsewhere and there are quite a number of other places willing to sell us insurances , bond and other instruments ... 
  the uk is the global centre for currency trading , the eu ca n't replicate that ( certainly not overnight ) , trying to lock the uk out of the euro trade there would do far more damage to the euro ( it would cease to be a global currency . . ) than it would do damage to the uk . .  for the eu that 'd be a 2-5 % gdp loss . 
  for the city of london it 'd become a 70 % loss . 
  i 'll let you figure out which is going to suffer the most from it ? 
   financial services account for 10-12 % of uk gdp , and london would n't lose anything like 70 % of it 's financial services if it lost passporting , so no , the uk would n't lose 7 % of gdp , it might lose 1 % or see a stall in growth . .  ... you 're talking about refusing financial trading rights . 
  so yes it would freeze all financial trade between both . 
  that 's the idea . 
   then you have no clue what you are talking about , or what passporting is . . 
   well no since it would n't be in europe and would n't be allowed to deal with the eu market anymore . 
  that 's a mis-characterisation of what will happen when the uk leaves though . 
  the eu is n't isolated from global financial markets and services , even when you are talking about countries that do n't have passporting . 
  the eu ca n't isolate itself , if it did it would kill the euro and tank large parts of the eus own financial services sector , not to mention hurt banks , insurers , pension funds and so on . 
  so yes , losing passporting would be a pain , but it would n't come close to locking either the eu out of the uk , or the uk out of the eu entirely . 
   is switzerland 's situation ( outside the eu . ), 
  is the same as the uk , would n't firms prefer to stay in london , rather than shipping out to switzerland ? 
  i do n't think i suggested that anyone would move to switzerland ... and yes , i 'd assume that most of what is in london would remain under most circumstances . 
  i 'd also assume if we do see london firms look to the eu for locations for subsidiaries , it will be in places like dublin , possibly amsterdam , frankfurt and paris , but it 'll be somewhat fragmented . . 
   curious as to why you say it 's zurich .
