  absolutely , the other side of that is that people really are catastrophising this to an absurd degree . 
  there is no trump card , there are no guarantees , we could get royally screwed by the eu , or our government or by the uk private sector making some monumentally bad decisions , but on balance , it 'll probably work out ok , with opportunities either way . 
   this would be the blueprint then : or not , we do n't have to reuse an existing agreement , and lets not forget we have near regulatory parity as it stands . 
  it 'll be easier to find sensible terms . 
   will cost half the banker jobs in the city no , it wo n't . 
  the city is a global hub , the eu wants access to that too , and it does n't depend on the eu for half of its business as it is . 
   will take definitley longer then 2 years to finalize not from a position of near regulatory parity and lots of established trade . 
   but the uk agreed upon that . 
  the political union was formed by an agreement all memberstates agreed upon , the uk as well . 
  it was never the case that the uk was forced or bullied into it , or taken against their will , they took part of it happily in order to blame all their political bad-things on the union . 
  the uk government never managed to sell that to the uk voter though , and kept itself out of some key aspects of the political bits . 
  i think the uk would absolutely have preferred the eu to have focused almost entirely on the single market and left the rest of the project to wither . 
   for membership yes , for access , also yes . 
  the eu has trade agreements that provide access to the single market without free movement , the uk will be looking for that . 
  there will likely not be free movement in the eu sense between the uk and eu . 
   which will be not be an access to the single market , since that is only availabe in combination with free movement and participation-fees , and that without exeptions . 
  all the phantasies that it will work without these are really illusions . 
  it will be a trade deal , it will likely exclude free movement , it will probably include an agreement on visas and mobility . 
  anything else looks pretty impossible politically . 
  i 'd assume he 's right , there will be a will on both sides to get it sorted quickly and cleanly . . 
   the foreign owners of these factories will leave . 
  taking their factories and workers with them ? 
  do they not supply a uk domestic market either ? 
  are they entirely focused on exports to the eu ( and nowhere else ) then ? 
  come on . 
   why would they stay with uncertainty of import duties etc. 
  because the uk is a large domestic market and quite good at trading all over the world , it has a well educated workforce , good infrastructure , a very sensible legal system and any number of other things . 
   we all hate the banks but they make the city important which has a knock on effect to the economy as a whole , they risk losing their eu money passports , they 're gone too . 
  that depends heavily on what we negotiate . 
   the uk will be left with absolutely fuck all . 
  no , it wo n't ...  it 's ludicrous . 
  if you actually think your comment bears any relationship to reality then ye , it would be ludicrous , but it does n't . 
  the amount of sheer catastrpohising going on is immense and really rather silly . 
   fuck the brexit lot . 
  you can not destroy a countries economy because of a non legally binding opinion referendum voted for by the ignorant . 
  you can however leave the eu on the back of a referendum result , will quite simply not come close to destroying the uk economy , even under the worst circumstances . 
   the uk-idea is extreamly tainted by murdock and his papers , the ignorance and miss-information about the eu is in the uk stronger than in a lot of other nations due to decades long missinformation . 
  whilst that is somewhat true , it 's also fair to say that the uk view of wanting a trading bloc rather than a political union is n't just because of misinformation and murdoch . 
  there are some very real different outlooks based significantly on some quite different histories . 
   but , if the uk does not want to be in the club because they do n't like it , than they are out , and that includes the single market , because the single market is basically the all-inclusive-menue for a nation . 
  that 's the idea , be outside of the single market . 
   if you do n't want to be part , than get the menue and pay for every item on the list , like everybody else does . 
  if the all-inclusive is given out `` for free '' to non-members , why should members conider to stay ? 
  the uk is n't suggesting access to all the benefits of the eu without paying , its suggesting bilateral trade which would be access to the single market , without the benefits of being part of it ( and without the negatives too . . )  the single market is bound to three main demands : free movement , accepting most of eu-law , paying the fee that even non-members of the eu have to pay to be part of the single market . 
  everything else is negotiable , not that . 
  for membership yes , for access . 
  the uk likely wo n't accept free movement ( but i 'd be willing to bet it agrees something accessible and sensible with the eu ) , it wo n't accept eu law outside of those regulations that apply to people trading in to the single market ( and then only as it applies to those exports ) , and it wo n't be paying for access either . 
  the uk will be looking for a trade deal , something closer to the kind of relationship the eu has with other major economies outside of the eu/eea . 
  the latter , a few months before triggering article 50 and then 2 years of negotiating time . 
  to be fair , those concessions made to the eu by the uk , came from negotiations , the alternative would have been the uk preventing some of those things from moving forward . 
  instead , the uk asked for an opt out to allow other eu members to move ahead . 
  that is n't the action of a country acting petulantly or in a demanding way , its a pragmatic approach . 
  what it does indicate overall though , is the divergence between the uks idea of what it wanted the eu to be and what some other member states want . 
  i think in that context , leaving is sensible , and making sure the best possible trade relationship between the uk and eu exists is desirable for both sides . 
   criticism of opting out of the euro never made sense to me . 
  essentially it comes down to the narrative that developed pre-referendum , that the uk was basically opting out of the hard things , and trying to just get the benefits of a trading relationship . 
  which is sort of true ( a lot of people in the uk wanted to see the eu as a trading relationship rather than a political project ) . 
  the euro was lumped in because of the euro crisis ( we did n't want to be part of it because we did n't want to support other eurozone countries , we wanted to be special etc. . ) . 
  to be honest , none of the uk opt-outs are about avoiding a burden , they were about having a different view of the eu , and not seeing the benefits in some of the aspects . 
  yet that was used to create quite a lot of hostility and anger . 
  and now we are at a point where apparently a trade agreement along similar lines as any other ( albeit one that should be easier to strike sensible terms on given our current regulatory parity ) is somehow seen as the uk wanting to have its cake and eat it too . . 
  we should be able to have nice discussions about things after all . 
   do you actually know what mifir is and why it 's relevant ? 
  it 's relevant because of the work to harmonise ( somewhat ) the regime for access to eu markets by third country firms ( its much broader than that , but that is the relevant aspect here . . ) , which the uk would become , and of course the decisions that the commission is empowered to make regarding equivalency . 
   it 's a very strange thing to bring up when already talking about passporting and a general concept of following regulations that apparently we do n't want to do except when it suits us . 
  its important because it touches on arrangements with countries outside of the eu ( albeit developed whilst the uk was still assumed to be part of the eu . 
   this is pure delusion surely that we can do this even forgetting that the stated position is we ca n't cherry pick ? 
  it 's not cherry picking , it 's pointing out that a starting point exists and that its something to build on to help both sides with transition . 
  right . . but then opting out of it is n't failing to accept a cost , it is deciding not to participate in a benefit too ( or in reality , it 's something in between ) . 
  essentially everything the uk has opted out of has been seen as the uk avoiding the costs of full membership , rather than being acknowledged as either a difference in outlook , or the uk voluntarily setting aside potential benefits because of the uk viewing aspects of it as a cost ( or politically unacceptable ) . 
  or he 's willing to compromise to get passporting or something similar , and then there 's mifir/mifid which will also be relevant . 
  free movement is a benefit , it 's coupled with the other three because they go together to remove barriers , however they also require an overarching political , social and arguably common legal approach . 
  you can have free movement of goods and services , and indeed capital without free movement of goods . 
  not to mention that ` free ' movement is a bit of a misnomer anyway , you can impose ( and there are ) restrictions on any one of those aspects and still have a functional market . 
  the uk however does n't want to be part of the single market , it does n't want to be prat of the political , social and legal structures , so it will have to negotiate the access it wants in line with what the eu would like to see . 
  take the euro , it was presented as a significantly positive project , one that would benefit the countries using it . 
  the uk opted out of something that was presented as a benefit , but for the last few years , that decision has instead been described as the uk being a special snowflake and not taking on its responsibilities as an eu member . 
  the same goes for schengen , and now on full free movement . 
  these are all things that potentially benefit member states , they were n't sold as being costs , the uk opting out meant not having those benefits , but for some reason it is presented as the uk lacking solidarity and refusing to shoulder the costs ( more so as issues started to arise with the refugee crisis and the ongoing eurozone crisis ) . 
   the benefits without the costs free movement is supposed to be a benefit , as is political integration and being a member of the single market . 
  this is n't asking for the benefits without the costs , it 's saying that it wants neither , but rather a different relationship entirely where the uk trades with the single market on sensible terms , whilst not ` benefiting ' from , or being part of the greater integration of the market . 
  we ca n't claim that everything we do n't want to be part of is us shirking a cost , when they are generally sold as benefits . . 
  lets also not forget that the eu seems to randomly switch and change its mind on what constitute benefits and what constitute responsibilities . 
  losing free movement ( and not putting something similar in place . . ) is n't a good thing for the uk , but it is a loss to both sides , uk citizens also lose out . 
  things like the euro , free movement and many of the other opt outs the uk has were supposed to be benefits of membership of the eu after all . 
  the eu is going to negotiate with the uk , it is going to want to protect its members interests and whilst it might try to make an example of the uk , if it does it will only see more costs for very little benefit . 
  or more likely , no , probably not . 
  closer once the uk 's 64m are outside of the eu . . 
  it 's really quite interesting . 
  the statement should be that within x demographic more people voted leave/remain ( the implication is often ` all ' ) even when its quite close , or where there is a real skew in turnout . 
  and then secondly , given the shift in trend toward university education ( something that most people did not have access to even 10 years ago . . ) , ` education ' seems to now broadly tally with age anyway , because it is expressed in terms of holding a degree . 
  so , old and less well educated did vote leave in larger numbers , but young and very well educated people also voted leave in significant numbers , and of course the reverse is true too . 
  even if you assume the polling ( and this new analysis ) is right , it would seem that out of a group of 10 18-25 year olds , three would n't have voted , two would have voted leave and five remain . 
  from 25 onward , it breaks almost evenly before going very much the other way . 
  but in every age group , there were significant numbers voting against their peers ( in fact there are more old people voting remain , both proportionally and absolutely , than there are young people voting leave ... ) . 
  trying to make this out as young vs old , or stupid vs smart does n't really work , yes there were skews , but it would seem that in terms of correlation , employment prospects , regeneration and local economy had far more relevance . 
  they are having a bit of a sale at the moment , so we might get something really cool with the credit !, 
   at the same time the uk would be expected to follow the rules and not sabotage the normal proceedings as long as they 're still in the club . 
  i agree , but under those circumstances the uk would have to block something that wo n't have much of an impact on it , that many others want . 
  surely that , whilst in the spirit of the process would be less preferable than doing what the uk has done again and again , which is step aside and allow those within the eu to act as they collectively see fit .
