  this is from the [ prime ministers statement to the commons ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/pm-commons-statement-on-the-result-of-the-eu-referendum-27-june-2016 ) after the vote : * mr speaker , the british people have voted to leave the european union . 
  it was not the result i wanted -- nor the outcome that i believed is best for the country i love . 
  but there can be no doubt about the result . 
  * * of course , i do n't take back what i said about the risks . 
  it is going to be difficult . 
  we have already seen that there are going to be adjustments within our economy , complex constitutional issues , and a challenging new negotiation to undertake with europe . 
  but i am clear -- and the cabinet agreed this morning -- that the decision must be accepted and the process of implementing the decision in the best possible way must now begin . 
  * this is from the [ statement from the leader of the opposition ] ( http://press.labour.org.uk/post/146453034384/full-speech-from-jeremy-corbyn-on-the-result-of ) : * the vote on thursday to leave the european union is a historic decision . 
  our country has been a member for 43 years - half the people of this country can not remember ever not being a member of the european union . 
  * * we are in a new world and now there will be at least two years of discussions and negotiations before we are no longer members . 
  * then both a majority government and the opposition make it clear that the result will be accepted and acted upon , there are n't really any grounds , beyond wishful thinking , to assume otherwise . 
   there 's plenty to suggest we 're not leaving . 
  there is nothing to suggest we are not leaving . 
   article 50 must be approved by parliament , who support remain by a ratio of 6:1 . 
  no , article 50 does n't require approval from parliament , the repeal of the european communities act will , but given the uk would be on its way toward not being an eu member , not repealing it would be interesting ... let me be clear , parliament can do almost whatever it wants but it is n't going to . 
  the government and the opposition have said we are on our way out , there is n't suddenly going to be a change of heart . 
  the uk is leaving . . 
  there is nothing to suggest otherwise , and whilst you are right that a majority probably does n't want to leave , there is n't a majority who want to stay either . 
  it would seem that most people are n't terribly bothered one way or another and that more of those that do have an position want to leave . 
  if you are pinning your hopes on either a redo of the referendum , or the government simply ignoring the result , i think you will be disappointed . 
  the uk is leaving ... 
  the terms are up for discussion and so on , but the uk will be leaving the eu . 
  anyone holding on to the notion that maybe it 'll all be reversed , renegotiated , rendered null or whatever needs to realise that no-one in government or in the official opposition in the uk has said anything to suggest otherwise . 
  odd , i have met very few scots who think the euro is a good idea . 
   it 's the result of 40 years of scapegoating the eu for everything . 
  it 's certainly the result of none of the political parties wanting to address the eu as an issue and then offering a one shot deal to remain or leave . 
   if the gdp projections are in pounds ... usd , projections coming from both uk and swiss banks , no doubt more to follow . .  you 've lost more money in the last few days than you 've ever paid into the eu . 
  we lose and gain more money than ` we ' ever paid into the eu quite regularly , stock markets can go up and down . 
  hell , the 2008 crash took vast amounts off the uk economy ( not 15 % obviously , 2.4 % in the first quarter iirc ) as have market moves in china . 
  but it 's not public money is it ? 
  yes , a poor economy will hit tax revenue , but right now this rather amusing , but utterly invalid line that the uk has lost more than it ever paid into the eu is a pretty big indication of just how much people like yourself , have no clue what you are talking about . 
  we are seeing a lot of volatility , this is bad . 
  the pound ( in relation to the dollar ) is up @ 1 % today , it was down @ 1 % yesterday ( and obviously took a nose dive when it turned out all the predictions were wrong on thursday , after taking a hike - which by the way makes the fall look even worse . . ) and it 'll probably be down tomorrow too , and then up toward the end of the week and on monday , followed by a drop again . 
  we 'll find out where it lands in a few weeks , it 'll probably be about where it was , but maybe a little lower . 
  either way , it 's not the end of the world , it 's not the end of the uk economy , it will have a small impact on people in the uk ( in terms of fuel and some foods ) but small enough that retailers will mask most of it , some others will gain , but broadly , given the massive event that it is based on , it 's not as huge a contraction as it could have been and it is a shock , not a crash . 
   your economy has contracted by about 5 % , not including the currency devaluation , which is a further 10 % . 
  the uk economy has contracted by 15 % ? 
  i think you may be confusing the ftse with the uk economy . . 
  the current projections are for a cut in gdp growth forecast from 1.9 % down to 1.3 % . 
  that 's a 0.6 % drop in growth , and nowhere like a 15 % drop in gdp . 
  you may want to spend just a few minutes looking at what the terms you are throwing around actually mean . .  it 's a broken promise by the leave campaign . 
  again , the uk has n't yet left the eu , and the leave campaign , by virtue of not being the government ca n't promise how to spend public money . 
  the point that came up again and again and again was that we could take the money that currently goes to the eu and spend it on something else , like the nhs . 
  we will be able to , if that 's what the next government decides to do . 
   scotland will probably leave if the uk leaves the eu . 
  keep believing in false facts though . 
  i assume you heard nicola sturgeons statement from today ? 
  i 'm confused about why my position , based on both the first ministers arguments and the current picture on the ground are worse predictions than your apparent ` facts ' . 
   wales has been legally a principality under the english crown since 1536 , so you 'd end up with the kingdom of england and northern ireland . 
  and scotland unless it votes for independence . . could go either way , i think scotland will stay , but hey . 
   the pound 's dropped more than 10 % and your economy 's crashing , which is what project fear predicted . 
  the pound has dropped somewhat , and the stock market is volatile as hell and a bit down . 
  the economy is n't crashing , it 's reacting to uncertainty . 
  give it a month and it 'll probably be a little lower than it might otherwise have been , but it 'll broadly be fine . 
  the remain campaign did n't predict a volatility ( which is what we 've had so far ) they predicted anything from a small contraction through to a massive crash , neither has happened yet . 
   what 's this then ? 
  does this trigger you ? 
  not really no . . should it ? 
   yeah , it 'd cease to be the uk and become the kingdom of england . 
  northern ireland is n't going anywhere , scotland might , but probably is n't either , wales is n't going anywhere . 
  but hey . 
   well , yes . 
  it turns out that everything project fear has predicted has come to pass none of it has come to pass yet , and the uk has n't yet left the eu . 
  and to be clear , it wo n't all come to pass either , we will have a period of uncertainty whilst the uk finds its course , and then we will continue . 
   all the promises the leave campaign made were lies . 
  again , that 's simply not true , the leave campaign promised relatively little beyond leaving the eu and taking back control of things in westminster . 
   also , the leave campaign has no plan . 
  this only surprises the stupid . 
  this is accurate , leave did make it clear that they were n't going to be in charge after the referendum . 
  they campaigned in a referendum to advise the government , the government has been duly advised and is now working on how to move forward , with a new government . .  no you wo n't . 
  the uk will cease to exist when scotland leaves you for your idiocy . 
  if scotland makes that decision , which is far from clear , then yes , the uk will cease to be what it is now . 
  frankly though i 'm sure that both the uk and eu will survive perfectly well once the uk has left the eu . 
  it 'd be interesting to see , although you 'd probably end up with people sellotaping stuff on to their ballots to increase the weight or something similar . 
  by the by , if you have never seen a count see if you can attend one at some point , it 's really quite interesting to see the mechanics of democracy in action . 
  grand , the narrative from some quarters seems to increasingly be that there was no possible valid reason to vote leave , and therefore all leave voters are old , racist , stupid , ignorant or backward ( or indeed some combination of that set ) . 
  that , if you think about it for more than a few minutes , is probably as good an indication of the wider problem we have with political engagement and the rise of quite a seriously segmented and segregated ( bubbly ? ), 
  political discourse , as the referendum result was . . 
  no you are right , there is a record of ballot papers issued at each polling station so you could , with access to that and the electoral roll pull some statistics together . 
  it just is n't done . 
  i think i misread the parent on analysis of demographics related to votes in either direction ( which would require it to be tied to the ballot cast , not just that there was a ballot cast ) . 
   you show your id when voting , they check the list , cross your name , and it 's done . 
  the vote itself remains completely anonymous . 
  that 's a reasonable point , it 'd give you turnout figures and demographic information , but not which demographic voted in which direction . 
  the uk does check off voters , but does n't publish any statistical information ( as far as i am aware . . ) and i do n't think the data is collated beyond the headline turnout numbers . 
  either way i suppose you 'd still be reliant on polling data to draw conclusions on which wy people voted , but i suppose it might be valuable to point at to show why it is important to vote . . 
  i assume you are happy with the people who did use their right to vote , and voted on the issues , rather than ignorance or being backward ? 
  i mean , if it were me i 'd say the result is the fault of the people who voted leave , but given they wanted that , that 's broadly the whole point . 
   votes are simply put into piles and weighed , no-one will manually go through them erm , as interesting as that would be it is n't accurate . 
  the ballot papers are initially sorted manually , then counted manually ( and often recounted as a check ) . 
  but there is no link back to the voter without a lot of extra work , and basically without a court requiring it . 
  the uk does n't record data centrally and whilst ballots issued and cast could in theory be checked back via the ballot number , it is n't done as a matter of course ( the votes are counted , no-one records who cast what vote . . ) , in fact i think it can only be done if a court requires it . 
  remember that this is all done on paper and counted manually . 
   which of course they will , along with the irish . 
  scotland might , northern ireland almost certainly wo n't . 
  i would n't rush to any conclusions at this point , and neither would leave england and wales economically destitute , indeed i 'd assume whatever arrangements were put in place between them would be geared toward minimising any negative impact . 
  the uk will still be here . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , there is pretty much no question of that , the relationship the uk wants afterwards is far from clear , as is how it gets there if it can . . 
  anyone seeing the current situation and assuming it 's not leading to an exit is very wrong given the statements from bith the main uk political parties, 
   germans have been building their image for decades and have invested a lot into high technology and research .
