  oh and that 's separate from the plans to provide resettlement for vulnerable children ( and family members ) from conflict situations in the middle east and north africa region , and for an unspecified number of unaccompanied refugee children currently in europe . 
   de facto , the latter is worthless without the former . 
  and the former without the latter , but your core point on payment is about right , a professional army does n't present the same problems , it 's just more expensive and has to be attractive to people for anyone to want to join . . 
   i 'm not sure anyone claimed the current proposals or anything will eventually end up with an increase in military spendings . 
  not explicitly , although it has been claimed that it would increase capacity , that would require either the maintenance of current levels of spending at the very least and realistically require an increase . 
  it 's not as though there are massive amounts of unrealised savings due to a lack of a unified command structure , and any of the other elements would be very expensive to unify initially . 
  there might be some savings in terms of reducing duplication in some overlapping capabilities , but most of it seems focused on not having to develop competing weapons systems , and unifying procurement processes ( so you have economies of scale . . ) . 
  yet the bulk of defence spending is n't on new investment or r&d , it 's on maintenance , training and personnel , and economies of scale only deliver a limited amount of savings ... 
  in short , i think that you 'd either see the eu save money or increase capacity , and i think the preference will be on the former , making the eu army concept somewhat risky given the current state of defence across some eu states . 
   well , good . 
  half a % oughta be enough . 
  you might be right , ( although to be fair , the likes of the uk , which used to have massive amounts of hardware and vast numbers of soldiers in places like germany to face off against the warsaw pact , has cut spending massively already and still spends quite a lot more than 0.5 % . . ) , but then it needs to be sold like that . 
  at present the various claims are that this will strengthen the eu 's military capabilities , that it would ensure that the eu can back its foreign policy with hard power and that it would bolster nato . 
  if the plan is to continue to wind down capacity to save money then fine , that 's a valid option , but it needs to be sold like that . 
  and you can probably understand why that might be unpopular in parts of the eu and why some would see that as undermining nato and indeed weakening the eu . 
   a united eu military might at least be more efficient than what exists now . 
  i 'd agree if it were n't for the politics . 
  essentially you 'd need the eu to federalise first . 
  without that you 'd end up with a military that might , in theory be capable and even more efficient than the individual national efforts that exist now , but so politically deadlocked that it 'd be unusable as a military . . oh and as for efficiency in procurement and logistics , you 'd end up with the same issue the us has with politically driven purchasing decisions designed to keep various large eu defence concerns propped up . 
  essentially the eu needs a massive amount of change for an eu army to provide the benefits that some on this sub at least , present as possible . 
  so instead , i think at least in the short term , the argument that it 'd turn into a cost cutting measure would be far more likely . . 
  does anyone actually believe that an eu would increase its military capacity if it put together an eu army ? 
  the quotes from the end : * `` the real issue is whether they 're prepared to step up to the 2 % ( of gdp on defence spending ) as we already have , there are half a dozen of them in that room who do n't spend 1 % , '' * put it in a bit of context , but if we put everything else aside , i 'd be willing to bet that any eu army would end up being a cost saving exercise that also helpfully shifted the blame for under-spending on the eu rather than member states ( or contributing nations , depending on how it was set up . . ) . 
  it 'd turn into an excuse for eu member states to spend less and provide less capacity individually and create something that was weaker than the sum of the parts it replaced . . whilst adding bureaucratic and political hurdles in place making it even harder for eu members to act when they need to . . 
  the next largest european financial centre is zurich ... 
  which is n't in the eu and does n't have passporting rights for that matter . 
   the only thing they can achieve is that they delay the whole thing until they are gone and everyone is going to be pissed about it . 
  it sort of depends . 
  assuming that the eu army thing goes through actual eu structures , it 's possible that the uk dropping opposition might make it harder for other eu members to prevent it moving forward , after all , the qmv calculation will need to change once the uk has left . 
  or to put it another way , it may well be ( someone would have to look at the numbers , i 'm mostly postulating here . . ) that the uk dropping opposition would be enough to push this through against the wishes of other member states whilst the uk is still a member , where there would n't be possible once the uk has left ... 
  if that is possible , then it would make sense for the uk not to change its stance ( on an issue that is pretty important to the uk in terms of national interest ) because without uk support it still would n't happen . . 
  it 's also possible that the uk is giving continued political cover to its allies in the eu that also oppose the idea . 
  either way that would tally with the statement quoted : * asked whether britain could veto the plans in the estimated two-plus years before it formally leaves the eu , fallon replied : `` there is no majority here for a eu army ... 
  there are a number of other countries who believe with us that cuts across the sovereignty of individual nation states . 
  '' * and that 's before we get to the basic point that is that the uk is n't going to support moves that go against its national interests whilst it still has a say . . its not as though this is a new position from the uk , and the uk will be in the eu until it leaves in 2019 . . 
  it 's not the first time iirc . . 
   1 ) the eu offers 90-days visa free for british passport holders that 's not freedom of movement , that 's visa free travel . 
  i 'd expect that to be negotiated anyway . 
  but it would n't allow for long term settlement or work . .  2 ) individual member nations offer unlimited long-term ` visas ' - on-arrival that 's possible and potentially possible on a reciprocal basis , but they would n't be valid beyond the country they were first issued in . . plus i doubt that any state , including the uk would offer visas without assessment and purely on the basis of nationality . 
  oh and the various other eu member states would pitch a fit if the uk offered some eu states easy access for work and not others , which would likely be used to kill any bilateral agreements ( see ceta . . ) . 
  neither the council of europe nor the european court of human rights are eu institutions so they are n't really relevant to the uk leaving the eu . 
  as to a reciprocal agreement on free movement within certain countries would n't be achievable through the eu , and given schengen members do n't have the same kind of control over their visa issuing as the uk has ( and will have . . ) i do n't know whether it 'd be practical either . 
  i doubt either will be on the uks priority list . . 
  it pretty much is yeah . 
  on that basis , so does reddit . . 
  it 's essentially the same approach , except its user submitted . . as to whether it is legal or not would seem to depend on national law too , you could argue that aggregation falls between the cracks somewhat , after all , you can quote copyright works for the purposes of news reporting under uk law , how is that very different from linking an external news source with a small section of text ( essentially the headline . . ) . 
  search engines also do n't really work without trawling content ( all of which is by definition subject to copyright . . ) and then processing it into an index , the current copyright regimes that we have in a whole slew of countries are n't fit for purpose , copyright lengths are too long and the exceptions and inclusions do n't take into account the impact of digital content in the context of a large network ( i.e. 
  the internet . . ) . 
  we are using a system that was created in the context of a reasonably small amount of published content , that was shared in the form of limited physical copies that take time to distribute , in a world where massive amounts of content is published and shared digitally and rapidly ... 
  it needs fixing and the law is broken , whether it is applied to ` peasants ' or anyone else . 
  you can probably have one or the other , but not both , after all much of the issues with english are the result of adaptions over time . 
  probably h\u00f6ma ... 
  oh great , another bunch of people with a slightly different way of spelling humour ... 
   in a rough area of lincoln alright , i giggled a bit ... 
   except that these aircraft can not replace the typhoons . 
  yeah , sorry , i mistyped , i meant that they are replacing the tornado ( some roles anyway ) and the harrier . 
   right now , you 're looking at utterly ridiculous maintenance costs even if you ignore the purchase price . 
  the purchase price on aircraft , when you look at them ( at least from the mod . . ) include service costs over the life of the aircraft . .  these things require far longer on the round per hours in the air , and those hours on the ground require more costly kind of maintenance on top of it . 
  that 's true , largely because they are more complicated , but not to a massive degree , and certainly not when you are talking about the older airframes they replace . 
   which drains the same budgets , causing retiring of functional , cheap hardware for reasons of lack of budgets because the dud bought for political reasons is sucking up the budget , and dud can not be dropped for same political reasons . 
  the f35 is replacing a set of aircraft that are approaching the end of their useful lives , and have gone through a series of very expensive upgrades to keep them in service and operational ... 
   problem being that f-35 , due to its enormous cost is in fact marketed as `` replacement for all of them '' . 
  which is an obvious lie , as it 's capability simply not on part . 
  it might well be marketed as such , but the raf has n't bought it as one . .  issue is essentially that of costs . 
  it 's simply far too expensive for what it actually can do , and it 's bound to hit relevant budgets of other aircraft , such as typhoons . 
  possibly , although given the uk is a level 1 partner with the us in terms of the development ( and the uk is n't getting a hobbled version . . ) and the uk is looking to improve its air to mud and ad penetration capabilities as it retires its ~ ~ typhoons ~ ~ tornado 's , and no longer operates harriers it 'll probably fit fairly well . 
  probably worth pointing out that the cost of the typhoons was pretty massive in the end too . . 
   f-35 program , being as costly as it is will likely end up impacting typhoon placing , reducing their interception capability . 
  and for the cost that is being paid for f-35 , which is supposed to serve air superiority role among others and is being marketed and sold as such , it remains utterly incapable of doing the job . 
  iirc that the typhoons ( which are in service now ) were there to replace the tornado adv , and the f35 's are supposed to be multi-role and replacing the likes of the tornado 's gr4 ( so the slower ids ) and i suppose the harriers ground attack capability . 
  so i 'd assume that 's not an issue ... its not like the raf has n't operated different aircraft types for different roles before . . 
   all true - but still , it 's not simply that the eu is `` bad '' at modern trade deals . 
  it 's not bad at trade deals , it just has to carry out internal negotiations as well as external ones for mixed agreements , and , realistically for agreements where the eu has competencies . 
   nor is the uk a monolithic economy - it has a complex and diverse services sector , and the many different parts will have different priorities . 
  the same problems as the eu , in other words , but at the national level - and those sectoral interests will be dealing with national politicians . 
  sort of , the eu has has to deal with the varying approaches that member states take too though . 
  the uk has the benefit of setting policy nationally , including on taxation , the eu does not . 
  in short , whilst both are massively complex economies , the uk has more centralised control and less complexity ( the eu is after all 27 countries ) . 
   in other words , i think the uk may well find that while the eu does indeed have to balance the interests of multiple countries and the uk wo n't , the domestic sectoral interests the uk will have to deal with are attenuated at the european level but wo n't be at the national level . 
  the eu will also have to balance conflicting national interests within the group and the economic requirements various sectors across the eu . . and potentially have to deal with popular ratification . 
  as i said , it has become somewhat clear looking at real world examples of eu trade negotiation , and indeed the current court cases around competency that the eu is dealing that the eu is n't currently set up ideally to complete complex deals . 
   there are n't really any historical parallels , either . 
  the uk has never negotiated a modern services trade deal . 
  the uk has n't been responsible for its own trade agreements for a long time , there is no easy way to get around that , but it does have a far smaller issue set to address . 
  whilst that is mostly true , it gets significantly harder when you have 27 economies that have different views on services , different regulation and when at the eu level the single market in services is still lacking . 
  and lets be clear , the eu has issues with trade agreements with other large economies because it ca n't find compromises that suit all its members ( and legal challenges to some of the existing agreements on broadly the same basis - the notion of whether agreements are mixed or eu competency . . ) . 
  that is a huge spanner being thrown in the works when it comes to agreements . 
   without these features ( let 's call them righteousness if you wish ) - democracy ca n't survive long-term . 
  the uk does n't have those features , so it is n't a given for democracies generally , and it is n't a given that you need those things , but if you have n't got them you need something else in the system to act as an appropriate check on power . . 
  yeah , i ca n't answer that either , but i would n't be surprised if ceta did n't hit major hurdles in terms of approval from the 27 other member states , even if we ignore the uk situation . 
  both ? 
  the eu is more introspective and somewhat cumbersome and prone to protectionism , but it is large so that 's nice , the uk is less introspective and internationalist , but smaller . 
  the idea that simply being a larger bloc is somehow a guarantee that all will be well is simply not valid . 
  as to the ` quick trade agreement ' aspect , the biggest issue facing the uk will be negotiating an fta with the eu , largely because the eu seems to be pretty bad at putting trade agreements in place , it will be much easier and quicker for the uk to do the same with some of the export partners that the uk already has , but who have so far failed to come to agreements with the eu . 
   especially if uk plans to make it harder for international students to attend higher education there . 
  the uk has been doing that to a certain extent for the last few years , basically because students ( and their dependants ) are an easy target when looking to reduce absolute migration numbers . 
  it may well be that once the uk leaves the eu it actually becomes easier for international students to study in the uk , not harder for most students ( not necessarily eu ones though ) . . 
  i 'd assume the universities will continue to lobby for that and it 's probably less of a political issue than other types of migration . 
  looking at the article alone , not really , although i suppose it depends on how you define ` more to lose ' . 
  the major quote :  about 5.8 million jobs are linked to trade with britain , while only 3.6 million british posts are dependent on exports to the eu , policy analyst civitas said in a report .
