  the point for police forces or similar in the context of hate crime is context though . 
  as i said , this does n't outlaw the word , or ciminalise the use of it , it is n't going to make any difference to someone looking at zionism , or the policies of israel . 
  it is n't going to stop people claiming all criticism of israel is anti-semitism either , about all it does mean is that using the term zio or zionist instead of jew is even more clearly problematic than it is now . . to be honest , i 'd assume that it was the case anyway , this seems to simply be about communicating that . . 
   it has become as a synonym for supporter of israel . 
  it has , but it has also become a synonym for jew ...  but since most jews support israel , the two issues are being conflated . 
  it has become a handy way of saying jew , without saying jew . 
  if you are kicking off with someone because they are jewish , using zionist ( even if it is accurate ) instead of ` jew ' does n't change the motivation . .  however , i doubt that when most of israel 's critics use the term do it out of racial prejudice no , i 'd assume that many of those who are intent on criticising israel , use it perfectly legitimately . 
  that is n't an issue ( and that does n't seem to be an issue raised here either ) . 
  the issue is when it is n't used as a criticism of israeli government policy , but instead , handy shorthand for jew . 
   pretty much like they could in turn be called hamas sympathizers or `` jihadis '' . 
  again , the issue would be if you were to use the term jihadis as a synonym for muslim , which also happens and would also be seen as a racially motivated component in the context of abuse or an attack . 
   certainly not a compliment , but still not bigotry . 
  when used as you suggest absolutely , but using zionist or jihadi in lieu of jew of muslim , it does n't suddenly cease to be bigotry , which i think is broadly what is being presented here . 
  agreed , but it is n't generally aimed at one particular ethnic or religious group . 
  the issue with zio and zionist is that it seems to have become a synonym for jew . 
  to be honest , i think this highlights the general issue with treating hate crimes as inherently different because of motivation , but if you are going to do that then it has to make some sort of sense . . 
   when it happens , you can come back and say `` i told you so '' untill then it is just politics , ok . .  and the people are going to be to blame for everything , if you voted for , against or didnt vote , you will be to blame , and the government are going to free from criticism for a decade . 
  how does that fit ? 
  in the very unlikely event the uk did n't leave , there would still be huge political pressure , it would be a massive issue in uk politics , far greater than it is now . 
  the government would be blamed as it is their job at this point to move forward . . 
  which is exactly what they are doing . 
   i am not sure how you can imagine leaving will be in the best interest of the country because the direction of the eu and the current eu project are n't in line with what i see as the interests of the uk , and it would seem quite a lot of people agree . 
  the uk has a different view of what the eu should be , that 's a pretty big issue , one that would only have gotten bigger had the uk voted to stay . 
   it does look like the pound will be dropping to parity with the dollar , inflation will be going through the roof , austerity will be biting , the pound is down , austerity has nothing to do with the eu , and the economy is suffering from uncertainty ( but is n't in recession and not predicted to go into recession ... ) . 
   ah , i guess the top 10 % will do well , the rest of the country and people are going to suffer . 
  that 'll be up to people in the uk and the government they choose i suppose . . remindme !, 
  6 months, 
   i think you miss the point , untill the uk has left , you are still in yes ... 
  i 'm aware of that , that 's why i said the uk * is * leaving the eu , not that it has left . .  it is planning on possibly leaving , but , well , its all politics and leaving is not in the best interest of the country , and the referendum is not legally binding , but hey , whatever you say . 
  leaving is in the best interests of the uk , no referendum in the uk is legally binding but it would be politically impossible to ignore . . 
  both the government and the opposition have agreed that the uk is leaving , the prime minster has made it clear what action will be taken and when in terms of kicking that process off and the uk has set up an entire department to handle the exit . . 
  so it 's not really  hey , whatever you say . 
  it 's what is happening . 
  you ca n't ignore that and it is certainly not unlikely . . 
  hey there , i 've contact the mods and again looked over the recent submissions - there does n't seem to be another post the includes the text of the article , although there is a post discussing the existence of the article from a couple of days ago without the text ... 
  in short this is n't a duplicate , it is at worst the full text of something that has been discussed somewhat blindly . . 
  the employer would have a really hard time justifying that if it were challenged pretty much anywhere in europe , so i seriously doubt it . 
   i wonder if that would be acceptable for any other given ideology . 
  yeah , it would , it 's not like hate crime legislation in the uk is specifically targeted at antisemitism . . 
   the uk has not actually left the eu , and to be honest , it is n't likely too either . . 
  the uk * is * leaving the eu . 
  the only thing in question at present is what that exit will look like . . 
   the uk has hate crime laws , so if it considers the use of the term `` zionist '' as anti-semitism , then it threatens those using the term with punishment under the relevant hate crime laws . 
  the uk does have hate crime legislation , and some of that is excessive , but it already exists , this does n't extend those laws , it does n't change them . 
  it certainly does n't outlaw criticism of zionism and it certainly does n't make the use of the word unlawful . 
   my issue is with government overreach . 
  unless someone actually comes out and says `` go beat up the insert group here '' , the government should not get involved . 
  i 'd agree with you entirely on that , i think the bar for what is and is n't criminal is too low and frankly not clear enough . 
  that has a chilling effect , which its why its important to point out that the premise of this article , and the headlines especially , is wrong . 
  yes ... 
  absolutely , it clarifies that the government thinks that the term should be considered inflammatory and potentially antisemitic . . not outlawing it , and certainly not outlawing criticism of zionism . . 
  i 've read the article and the linked report , it does n't attempt to outlaw criticism of zionism , nor does it ( as the article suggests ) ` outlaw the word `` zionist '' ', 
  oh i quite agree , but there 's quite a long way from a ringing endorsement to ' i am going to muffle my disappointment and back the prime minister . ' . 
  although i suppose that might have been a closer match to quite a lot of the sentiment on the remain side than many would like to acknowledge . . 
  i think about the only thing we can presumably agree on is that even the pro-article is far from a ringing endorsement , and it certainly does n't paint him as anything other than a euro-sceptic . 
  plenty of those voted on either side of the issue after all . 
  yeah . . 
  pretty much . 
  after all the discussion and debate around the article , it 's quite amusing to read the full text . 
  it really does n't seem to depict a ` remainer ' who is about to switch sides out of sheer opportunity , if anything i think it solidifies the idea that there was a thoughtful choice somewhere along the line . 
   the eu recently put rules in place to prevent foreign sponsorship of eu political parties . 
  you sort of dodged the point there . . 
  the uk already has rules in place to prevent foreign funding of uk political parties , and there is nothing to suggest that ukip , labour , the tories , the greens or anyone else for that matter is receiving any substantial support from russia or putin ... as to rt , they are watched by a lot of people in the uk and they have politicians from all stripes on , hell they have lots of different people on from various backgrounds ( i 've been on sodding rt. . ) because it is a way to reach people . 
  it does n't imply support for rt or the russian position if you appear on rt. 
   if you call yourself `` stop the war '' but are only concerned with western wars iirc the ` stop the war coalition ' were pretty much set up entirely in opposition to the war on terror , or rather the military interventions that the us and uk were pushing as part of it , it was n't a ` stop all fighting and wars ' type thing , although it does sort of seem to have morphed into that . 
   i think the uk tried to do that and look how it turned out . 
  the uk did it very well , up to a point . 
  but there is only so much of that you can do when the uk generally ( lots of remain supporters as well as leave supporters ) want not just the ability to steer certain aspects , but want to see a different direction generally . 
   if trade is more important , surely uk 's interest would be to stay in the union to steer regulations toward its interest . 
  it sort of depends on whether you see global trade and eu trade a interlocked . 
  if you see the former as being hindered by eu membership ( which to a certain extent it is ) then being outside of the eu with a decent trading relationship and more opportunity globally then leaving makes more sense . 
  the current , and repeated debacles around ftas is a pretty decent indicator of some of the issues that exist for example , why the drive is for massive , all encompassing ( and mixed . . ) agreements , rather than a graduated approach is beyond me . 
  in fact the nature of the agreements means that there is massively more chance of them being dropped . 
   i feel like the uk will not take kindly to having to follow eu regulation without having any say in it . 
  in that , voting leave makes little sense . 
  to be fair , the uk will likely have to follow eu regulations for its exports into the eu ( much as it does with exports elsewhere ) but not domestically ( depending on where the uk lands in terms of the negotiations ) . 
  there will be areas of crossover , where the uk and eu work together on regulation , but the uk is n't going to end up having to abide by eu regulations on its home soil and across all of its sectors without a say , because as you point out , that 'd make little sense . 
   i can only speak for northern ireland but in terms of investment in infrastructure the majority of that comes from eu conflict resolution funds i very much doubt that . 
  if you look at the 2014-2020 budget round , eu spending in northern ireland is a fraction of uk government investment and does n't come close to private investment either . 
  do check my figures , but over that 7 year period i 'm seeing around # 770m in eu spending , that 's via the peace programme , interreg , fisheries , erdf and esf and i 'm pretty sure some of that is split with other regions , but i 'll leave it so i 'm over estimating rather than underestimating . 
  that 's # 100m a year in a region where public spending is in the tens of billions and even just infrastructure investment from the executive is about # 1bn . 
  that makes sense too , the uk budget is massive compared to eu funding . . of course so are the spending commitments . 
  and of course losing # 100m a year is not a good thing for anyone , in fact if it is n't replaced it 'd be very painful , but it 's fairly important to note the scale of the issue . 
   the areas which relied on the eu . 
  relied on the eu how exactly ? 
  i mean , you could argue that london has a lot more to lose if things go spectacularly badly than any of the regions you mention , and none of them have seen anything like the kind of benefit that london and indeed quite a bit of the south east have seen . . 
  the vast bulk of ireland 's mushroom exports go to the uk , so the obvious issue here is that with the uk outside of the eu ( and more relevantly the customs union ) , the uk could apply similar tariffs on eu products as the eu applies to third parties ( unlikely , but hey . . ) . 
  if it did that whilst not applying tariffs on say , american or chinese mushrooms imported into the uk , it would be an issue for irish mushroom farmers but not uk mushroom consumers . . 
  however i doubt that 'll be an issue , or , to get back to the original point , i do n't think that the eu insisting on mushroom tariffs on would be good for ireland , but it probably wo n't make much of a difference to the uk ( arguably it could be a boon for producers in northern ireland ... but i doubt it . . ) . 
   and this is before the eu insists on mushroom tariffs . 
  potentially , although given there is currently a 12.80 % tariff on mushroom imports into the eu . 
  selling goods to and buying goods from the single market , as part of a trade agreement with the eu is different from being a member of the single market , and having your domestic market form part of the bloc . 
  both are valid approaches when it comes to trade , and there are some crossovers too , for example mutual recognition of regulators in some areas would mean fewer regulatory barriers than usual cross border trade where there is no crossover . 
  we 've seen all of that and more in the various treaties and agreements that exist within the eu and between the eu and other states . . 
   do n't have time for a fully researched reply and do n't have the figures for just food ( though i was n't limiting it to that ) but there 's a 20 percentage point rise in cpi since 2006 in the u.k. http://www.rateinflation.com/consumer-price-index/uk-historical-cpi the pound is down by a bit over 35 % since 2006 , it was down 25 % before the eu referendum drop . 
  food prices on the other hand have dropped by around 2.6 % year on year since at least 2014 , and even including that the price spike in 2008 ( which was masked by vat changes . . ) food inflation sits at around 2.5 % over the last 20 years ... food prices have dropped over the last 2 years even as the value of the pound has fallen . 
  if you want to mix and match stats , you can also add that household expenditure on food has also dropped for the last 20 years as a proportion of household income . 
  just to add , i 'm trying to point out that there ins ' t an immediate link between food prices and currency fluctuations ( or at least not at this level , zimbabwe or the wiemar republic maybe ... ) . . 
  i 'd point out that when the pound appreciated significantly in the early 90 's food price inflation was positive at around 2.2 % . . 
  surely if the exchange rate were the single largest factor , we should have seen a drop in food prices .
