   this has long been a snp promise and they have a majority in the scottish parliament , which is a region that is allowed to succeed . 
  the snp lost their majority in hollyrood ( but are the single largest party . . ) , but that 's somewhat beside the point . 
  the issue in scotland is the same issue that faced the rest of the uk for the last decade or so . 
  all the parties are pro-eu in their platforms . 
  there were literally no major parties that formally supported leaving the eu in government or opposition . 
  that left ukip as essentially the only party you could vote for to flag the eu being a major issue for you and that you wanted to leave ( and then it lumped you in with some rather distasteful people with some rather objectionable views . . ) . 
  you ca n't imply that an snp voter is pro-eu because they voted snp . 
  after all , there is n't a pro-independence party that is anti-eu . 
  the issue there again is priority , people see independence ( or not . . ) as far more important than eu membership . . 
  i 'm not sure that 's true , support for the eu tends to be somewhat softer than on support for independence or union . 
  the eu is seen by a lot of people ( including a lot of people who voted remain . . ) as a secondary thing , a nice to have , but not the be all and end all . 
  yup , there seems to be a bit of a trend of people conflating support for scottish independence with support for eu membership , as well as taking the support for remain in scotland as absolute faith in the eu , rather than the broad lukewarm position it actually is . 
   spain already allows dual nationality for people from former spanish territories so i 'd imagine it 's straight forward . 
  yeah , noted , but it seems to be very much just about spanish territory , i wonder if there would be issues around offering it to a distinctly non-spanish territory on a unilateral basis . 
  the point of course being that if spain wanted to do it they could regardless , it would n't require agreement ( or rather , i ca n't see the uk government doing anything silly to prevent it ) . 
  to be fair , spain could do that unilaterally , there is nothing stopping spain from granting citizenship to people resident in , or born in gibraltar ( not sure what the take up would be , but that 's a different issue . . ) if they apply . 
  it would presumably require some other changes to spanish nationality legislation , currently foreign nationals who acquire spanish nationality have to give up their previous nationality , but again , that 'd be something spain could amend . 
  quite a few people on the remain side said exactly that , quite prominently . 
  the problem with it was essentially threefold though . 
  firstly there were several different lines of reform that people would have liked to see , some diametrically opposed . 
  secondly when voting for something , it is somewhat difficult to vote on the basis that you hope it will change into something else , especially when there is little sign that it will , and indeed when people will likely use your vote as an indication of support for the status quo at best , and a continuation of the current trends in the project at worst . . lastly , when you are told you will get only one vote on something , it becomes more of a crunch point , it is hard to give the eu the benefit of the doubt if it is n't likely you are going to be asked your opinion again . 
  the issue with the remain campaign was that it did n't argue that eu membership in and of itself , that the eu as an organisation , was a good thing . 
  it did n't argue that the future of europe within the eu was bright , it did n't set out a future of the uk in the eu . 
  it basically pointed out that leaving was a disaster , and that the uk would be better off in , even if it was a bit shite . . that 's hardly compelling . 
  we do care about europe and we do care about europeans , but we do n't need to be part of the same political project to show that we care . 
  the problem i 'd see is that to give gibraltar membership in its own right , the eu would effectively be giving the uk a set of votes in parliament and council , as well as the vetoes in a bunch of areas . 
  i ca n't see that working out well for the eu , although some sort of compromise might be possible . 
  i would be willing to bet that under almost any circumstances it 'd be seen as a trojan for the uk in the eu , and frankly i can 's see the spanish doing anything that makes gibraltar happy that does n't involve some sort of shared sovereignty ( which in turn is n't going to happen unless something very drastic changes in gibraltar ) . 
   why not both ? 
  because the uk is leaving the eu and it seems unlikely that eu membership for gibraltar in its own right would be something that the eu would offer . 
  although if they did , i do n't see why gibraltar or the uk would n't take it . 
   if you take as fact that the uk is going to be forced to accept a very damaging deal by the eu , i 'd assume that most people would n't take that as fact though . 
  it 's a possibility , but it 's unlikely , the worst case scenario is the uk leaving without a deal ( which would be far from ideal for the uk or the eu , or at least quite a few eu members ) , what is more likely is that the uk and eu end up with a deal that acts as a decent starting position and does as little harm to either side as possible , whilst leaving room for improvements when it is politically more palatable to both sides . 
  no , the title here is the title of the article , the graph includes reference to region . 
  although why ` europe ' gets included when other regions do n't is an interesting question . 
  it does say country/region at the top . 
   and desperately needs to rely on this specific country . 
  well , there is one that certainly is doing the first part of what you talked about , but i do n't know of one that desperately needs to rely on the us as part of that ... 
  it 's slightly bizarre really , the only two eu countries that seem capable of concerted and effective military action have a decent bilateral agreement on some military issues , the eu has a track record of not quite doing things well , and the suggestion is that the uk is the one with the problem . . last i checked the uk was very , very good at operating with other armed forces and has a relatively decent history of being able to operate abroad , whether that 's sierra leone , the various naval operations its currently involved in or any of the slew of small scale operations that the uk does as a matter of course , not to mention nato and multilateral operations with others . . 
  trade , security cooperation , visas , joint programmes ( non-eu and the eu ones open to non-eu members ) , cross border recognition of everything from regulatory frameworks to education certificates , tax cooperation , cross border policing , fisheries etc. . etc. . 
  the problem is that people are trying to delineate things into ` perks ' and ` costs ' , but it does n't really work like that . 
  free movement is a perk , the uk sadly looks like it is ` giving it up ' , but it is a perk , the same goes for a whole slew of things . 
  that 's be a breach of the npt and frankly i 'm not sure the us or other member of the unsc would stand for it . 
  france has nuclear weapons , it can and likely would defend the eu , nato has nuclear weapons , it can and would defend the eu . 
  eu states getting nuclear weapons would be a huge political problem and make it rather harder for people to condemn the likes of iran or north korea for their nuclear programmes . . 
  because you do n't generally use your army for normal border protection , you use a policing body and coast guard , not an army . 
  if the eu army turns out to be frontext on steroids , it 'll be no use as an army in any sense of the word . . 
  ant that the uk is n't . . 
   hopefully they 'll come around one day when their chain of command realizes that a military needs to be cohesive , coordinated and well-structured in order to produce results . 
  because as we know , the uk 's armed forces are n't cohesive , coordinated , well structured or capable of producing results ... 
  i think the point is more that executing people for crimes is n't really a european thing anymore , that 's what jails are for . 
  killing peoples families as an example even less so . 
  what you suggested above is far worse than what vw did after all . 
   agree totally , which is why you 'd want to stay in the market where you sell 80 % of your goods to , at the risk of a market where you sell 15 % to . 
  not vice versa as you suggested . 
  are you suggesting that vauxhall is going to pull out of the uk or the rest of the eu ? 
  neither is likely , this is a question of whether the brand would focus redundancies in the uk , that seems unlikely in context . 
  you make it sound like vauxhall is choosing between the eu as a whole as a market , or the uk it is n't , it will be making a choice based on risk and reward , pulling staff out of the uk will have a higher pr risk , and offer fewer rewards . .  i 'm sure its not but obviously it appears to make business sense to them if they rather do that then keep them . 
  seems now you are arguing that they wo n't fire staff at all , which i cynically doubt is the case i 'm not arguing that they wo n't fire staff , i 'm saying that it is n't cheap anywhere in the eu . . 
   i dont think that the company cares too much about which individual country is their most `` loyal '' customer . 
  as far as they are concerned the eu is 1 market that buys 80 % and uk is 1 market that buys 15 % . 
  particularly important in an industry like this where components are moved back and forth between countries a lot and where lack of tariffs/regulatory barriers is important . 
  if you have a factory in a market that buys lots of your goods , closing it does n't make any sense , especially if that then means you have to get through various barriers to sell to that significant portion of your market . .  i dont get why them employing more in germany would make them more likely to fire people there . 
  i 'd rather shut down an entire location than empty half of one . 
  because if you are merging two firms , you might find that you do n't need two of every type of back office staff and can run the company without them , but you can make less stuff if you close a factory . .  i think labour laws in the respective countries make firing german staff more difficult/costly than firing uk staff also , though i could be wrong on this point . . 
  they do to a certain extent , but it is n't cheap to sack people for the sake of it almost anywhere in t europe . 
   but brits wo n't know any better either way , they still think jaguar , land rover and mini are british owned companies !, 
  anyone who has watched top gear in the last decade is aware of ownership changes . .  they still have n't cottoned on that aldi and lidl are german but who can blame them with the amount of union jack packaging used . 
  seriously ? 
   how do you figure that the uk is the significant portion ? 
  80 % of vauxhall exports go to the eu . 
  the uk is something like 15 % of their market , it has a larger market share in the uk than almost anywhere else ( possibly anywhere else , i ca n't find market share for all eu members . . ) and the uk is a large market . 
  vauxhalls makes the second and seventh most popular car in the uk by sales figures . . only beaten by ford . 
   what do you mean by there being `` more scope '' for job losses in germany ? 
  they ( or rather opel , the parent ) employ significantly more people in germany at present than in the uk from the figures i can find . 
   i just meant it in terms of ; it 's a lot easier for a company to `` sell '' cutting jobs in the uk to everyone else by simply saying it would be too costly to build outside the eu . 
  yeah , i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i think that 's starting to go down like a lead balloon in the uk as much as it would anywhere else . 
  if anything people are starting to see it as an excuse and the companies suggesting it as less than supportive of the uk ( which is unfortunate as in some cases , especially for the very small minority of uk firms that have most of their customers in the eu it may be necessary ) . 
  it would be pretty damaging to the reputation of vauxhall in the uk and as i said the uk is a fairly major market for vauxhall . 
   of course this is mostly guess work at this point , but it would be a lot easier for a french company to get away with laying off staff in the uk as opposed to germany in this post-brexit world . 
  i 'm not sure it would . 
  i 'd assume that it would simply be seen as a business move , a consolidation germany , rather than potentially being seen as a snub . 
  and again , this ignores the investment and existing capacity , not to mention the question of what work is being done where . 
  vauxhall employs far more administrative and management staff in germany than it does in the uk for example ( far more staff generally . . ) it 'd probably be more likely they are getting rid of that kind of staff , where there is likely duplication without it being on the shop floor , than staff at production facilities . . 
  i agree that it is only guesswork , and i would actually expect it to be spread out rather than concentrated in one place , but i 'd argue that if firms try to pin things on brexit , they are going to find themselves getting an increasingly hard time if they want to continue selling in the uk . 
  i would n't be so sure of that , either in terms of pr or in terms of where there are closures , there are a lot of variables . 
  the large investment in the uk that vauxhall have made would be hard and expensive to drop and probably more attractive to maintain given vauxhall sales in the uk ( second most popular brand ) , not to mention that proportionately the uk is a significant portion of the market for vauxhall/opel cars in europe . 
  there is also a lot more scope for job losses in germany , especially if there is a push to de-duplicate . 
  to some extent it will depend on what happens with the uk leaving and the terms that end up in place , but i do n't think it would be a given that the uk will be where cuts are made ( again , from a pr perspective , you could argue that the worst thing they could do is cut jobs in the uk , it could seriously harm their reputation and so sales because people are more focused on it ) . 
  france is interesting in that regard . 
  it is massively diverse , i think you could argue that it is more so than the uk in social terms ( the uk has a few large divides , france seems to be way more fractured , with more very culturally distinct nooks and crannies . . ) although it 'd probably be close . 
  that said , i think you probably notice it more as an outsider than if you live there ( and i wonder if that does n't apply to the uk too . . ) . 
  i 'd quite like to see the definition of far right actually , i 'd assume it 's hard to compare across countries . 
  in the uk you 'd have what , the bnp and nf ( plus a selection of non-political party groups like the edl ) but i always assumed their support came more from a younger demographic than the old , but then i do n't spend much time with them so ... 
  in germany you 'd have groups like the npd , not sure if afd would be included or not . . france you 'd have mnr and fn i 'd assume , although again , in the context of the french left/right spectrum it gets hard to delineate too . 
  ca n't find any backing data though , only a couple of tweets , would be interesting if nothing else , to see the rationale . 
  had n't noticed the username , must be nice to have a ( some what european themed now that i think about it ... ) [ theme song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woeyppoblaw ) to go with it !, 
   if we get back to the state of europe where every nation perceives each other as a completely different entity instead of having some kind of connection and kinship , europe will fall behind other superpowers . 
  europe is n't a superpower . .
