   and a possible trump presidential election ... thanks ... 
  i do n't think you can blame the uk for that one . . 
   i need some hope to cling to . 
  you wo n't find it there . 
  there will now be a lot of debate and discussion about what the uk 's relationship with the eu will be , but the uk is leaving , the question is how and when . 
  absolutely , and london and switzerland have both done well in that regard ( better than any continental eu members . . ) and switzerland also does n't have passporting . . 
  in short , if you think that passporting is what has made or kept london 's position as a major global centre for finance , you are wrong . 
  of course it 's great for the city , but it 'd do fine with whatever arrangements are made , and eu members are going to want to continue to access the services that are on offer in the uk . 
   the thing is that lack of passporting puts london at a competitive disadvantage with other european financial centers . 
  it would , but at present at least , european financial centres seem to be pretty uncompetitive anyway , so it 'll be a case of how much of an impact it has , and how it is worked around . 
   there 's nothing magical about london as a financial center . 
  of course not , but it has been a major financial center for a very long time , since way before the eu was a thing , and will be long after the eu has ceased to be , unless there is some massive shock , far greater than the uk leaving the eu . 
  london has some massive advantages , including sheer inertia and the eu making it hard for out of eu centers will simply lead to isolation . .  a claim that there 's something specific about london that would negate removing one of the major reasons to be there in the first place -- especially for a highly mobile industry -- needs better support , especially when the economic consensus appears to be that this would lead to at least a partial exodus and polls within the city massively favor `` remain '' . 
  one of the interesting things about the banks that looked at leaving london over the referendum , is that they were n't looking to go to frankfurt or paris , they were looking to go to new york and hong kong ... 
  the law , regulation , language and so on are all components of what makes london attractive after all . 
   or it could use that short time as leverage to get the uk to sign a deal that is eu favorable . 
  it could try i suppose , i do n't think it 's capable of it , or that it can do that without causing itself problems , but hey , that 's what negotiations are for . 
  right , so if the eu wants to it can erect tariff barriers , or it can avoid them and we have a couple of years at least to work out the details whilst maintaining the current status quo . . 
   the barriers would be there automatically . 
  there are currently few barriers , any barriers would have to be put in place , there is n't an automatic requirement for barriers to be introduced and obviously until the uk puts in its notification that it 's leaving , and during the transition period there wo n't be any new barriers . . 
  whether there are barriers put in place or not will depend largely on the eu , given the uk has generally been rather open as an economy . 
  if your government has signed up to this then i suppose you could argue it has given that consent already and generally . . 
   if you vote remain and it does n't work out you can have another referendum years down the line . 
  or not , depending on what future governments decide to do . 
  this is a once in a generation vote , not the first of many chances to vote on the same issue . . 
   so how much could german car exports to the uk drop , what do you think ? 
  i doubt they 'll drop at all frankly , because i ca n't see trade barriers being introduced . 
   so then german car exports would drop by 3 % , ignoring the fact that fewer exports could mean lower prices for other export destinations , that would be a decrease in 0.42 % of total german exports . 
  yup , it 'd be unfortunate for the companies most hit ( like vw who are having a bit of a bad time at the moment with the whole dieselgate thing ) but it 's not terminal . 
  but then none of this is . 
  even the worst case scenarios involve small adjustments , not massive collapse . 
  the point comes back to whether there is any sensible reason to implement a system of tariffs between trading partners where there is only a negative impact on both sides . 
  the answer to that is clearly no , so its unlikely to happen . . 
  probably also worth noting that the impact on employment and so on would probably be lower in germany because of the far more sensible approach to dealing with downturns , but that 's a different issue ( and not really related to the eu . . ) . 
   conversely , the financial services industry in the uk -- which accounts for a massive 10 % of the uk 's gdp -- pretty much depends on `` service passporting '' firstly it does n't depend on it , secondly it saves money and complexity having passporting in place , but opening up a branch office in ireland would arguably solve much of that ( assuming a sensible arrangement ca n't be put in place . . ) . 
  lets be clear , the london is a global financial centre , eu firms want access to london , and whilst passporting is very beneficial , it is n't the basis for the uk financial service industry . . 
   since you know the concept of elasticity you sure know that luxury goods are inelastic . 
  and you 'd be aware that the issue here would be that german luxury goods would get more expensive relative to other luxury goods that can be substituted . 
  if that jaguar , bentley or aston martin suddenly looks cheap compared to a high-end benz then that 's were the sales are going to go . 
  it 's hardly just luxury vehicles either , it 's worth noting that companies like vw have done incredibly well in the uk ( i drive one . . ) , but they are in a pretty competitive market . 
  the uk is the single largest export market for german cars , a fifth of german car production ends up in the uk . . 
   foreign exchange bureaus have crap rates anywhere in the world . 
  yeah , i 'm aware , which is why it seems a bit bizarre to be guaranteed a cost regardless of what happens with the currency ( and a cost to switch back if you use another one potentially , unless they have cost free buy backs . . ) and it 's usually not a small change to the rate you are paying . . you basically wipe out most of the potential benefit ... 
  given you can quite easily do the same via a bank , and usually at better rates , you 'd think people in the city , if they were looking to protect their cash , would have a better option than to go to their local exchange . . 
   well , yes . 
  yes it is . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how much the notion of ` remaining in a * reformed * eu ' breaks that and presents neither as the status quo . 
  after all , the status quo is n't terribly popular with leave or remain . . 
  anyone else find it a bit bizarre that people were going to a foreign exchange bureaux to protect savings ? 
  i mean , if i were so inclined and wanted to move some money to a different currency , i 'd call my bank and do it over the phone . 
  i would n't go to a bureaux de change with a sack of cash . . maybe i 'm missing something , maybe other banks make it hard hold money in other currencies ( although , if you have a few thousand pounds to do it with , i doubt it . . ) or maybe the foreign exchange in london give much better rates than they do in other parts of the country , where they seem to be pretty crap . . 
  from the fact sheet : * in urgent situations that put the functioning of the schengen area at risk and when deficiencies have not been remedied , the agency will be able to step in to ensure that action is taken on the ground even where there is no request for assistance from the member state concerned or where that member state considers that there is no need for additional intervention . 
  * does that suggest the ability to deploy paramilitary forces without the consent of the member state ? 
  i 'd have thought there 'd be some opposition to that kind of thing . 
  that seems somewhat unlikely given the current situation . . 
   think about it , the opposite would be true no ? 
  large constitutional change is impossible for the general public to understand . 
  not really . . 
  if we decide to become a republic , or leave the eu , or split into constituent countries , the issues are complicated , there are lots of arguments people might not understand , but the concept is simple enough and one that i think requires consent . 
   leaving the eu would have massive ramifications for all areas of governance , you 'd need a phd and decades of experience to figure out the impact . 
  so does every general election , governing a country is complicated and any government could take us out of the eu , or nato , or split the country without asking anyone first ...  how can you make an informed decision on something this complex it 's ridiculous . 
  a well unformed electorate is pretty important to democracy , i think we have some issues in that area at the moment , and that does have an impact on elections and referendums , but not enough to argue either that referendums should n't be held , or indeed that we should just bin democracy altogether . . 
   they 're quite nice trains even today , provided that they have been refurbished always fun on some of the later trains out of london back north , with the intercity 125 's and old british rail vintage carriages with the doors you open yourself by leaning out . . 
  it 's like time travel . 
  someone call the aussies . . 
  i 'd argue that for most of what we do representative democracy is absolutely right ( still not sure how to square a constituency link with pr , possibly ams or something , but anyway . . ) but for questions that relate directly to governance , i.e. 
  independence , eu membership , av , a future plan to say , get rid of the lords or significantly change the way parliament works people should have a say . 
  basically any large , immediate constitutional change is appropriate for a referendum , gradual change and evolution on the other hand is handled well by parliament . 
   frankly , i think decisions like this should not be decided by people who have no degree in economics . 
  why ? 
  at it 's core its not a question of economics , but one of self-determination . 
  i have family and friends that still put ` west germany ' in their return addresses so . . 
  choices , choices ... 
  none , that 's the deficit . 
  from the article , spending in wales in 2014/15 was # 38bn , revenue was # 23.3 bn , # 15bn was put in by government to cover the difference . 
  that puts the eu contribution to welsh finance at around 1.3 % . 
  probably also worth noting that if you take the averages , wales is also responsible for around # 0.49 bn of the uk 's contribution to the eu budget . . 
   however , unfortunately , the uk political environment has become awfully toxic - not just because of this referendum , but in general - and change wo n't be coming around any time soon ... 
  this really is the biggest issue . 
  i could sit in a pub with people who support a variety of parties and have a variety of views and have a. . robust ... discussion about politics in the context of the last few elections . 
  for the referendum that was much harder simply because taking a ` leave ' position was n't just seen as wrong by some , but actively of suggesting that i was either a racist , stupid or some sort of fascist . 
  as a result the subject and so the issues were avoided rather than discussed and i think as a result the bubble has been far more rigid . 
  essentially it feels like the polarisation has been much more extreme during this period than normally ( not that there is n't normally massive tribalism . . ) . 
  i think we need to look at how we actually have any sort of public debate at the moment , the issues we deal with normally do n't get enough time and there is little interest in looking below the surface ( and even less of looking at things as anything other than binary , support or oppose it style issues ) take surveillance or austerity , they are n't really discussed so much as they are either opposed or supported and usually in little depth and sporadically . . 
  this referendum has been less about discussing the various issues and the impact and potential solutions and more about one side or the other claiming x is bad for y. 
  and yes , i see the hypocrisy in me simplifying it to that degree ... 
  not disagreeing , and i 'd have loved to see a decent debate ( and have more or less , but not widely and frankly the general public discourse led by the campaigns has been a bit crap . . ) , but it does feel like the campaign has been going on for a long time even taking the gravity issues into account . 
  absolutely . 
  already ?!, 
  it feels like it 's been coming for a really , really long time . . 
  normally when it comes to elections we have around a month of actual campaigning , this feels like it has been going on forever at this point ... 
  the french authorities stopped them on the uk side heading to calais , which sort of reverses your joke . 
  especially as ' a 38-tonne truck loaded with aid ' was allowed on to a eurotunnel shuttle . 
  we definitely need more of it !, 
  * we definitely need more of it !, 
   unfortunately i think those people who are less informed in this referendum are more likely to vote right now : s i 'm not so sure , we 'll see where the turnout ends up and frankly , the higher the better , but as turnout climbs , the more people who might be less well informed climbs too . . 
  that kind of rubbish tends to be consistent , people are crap at numbers , whether it 's price of milk , number of immigrants , cost of benefits etc. . 
  it does n't change the underpinning issues in many cases and there tends to be an overlap between people being disengaged , less well informed and not voting too . . 
  they have , but they 've failed pretty miserably . 
  even now they are still pushing for a financial transaction tax , and have a regulatory and legal framework that makes the notion decisively unattractive . .
