  i 'm not sure how healthy that is , but it is somewhat noticeable if you look at who is doing the jobs that i 'd normally associate with kids after school or in the holidays . 
  that was something teenagers did ... as well as other stuff that has been mechanised ( like bailing hay ... ) . 
  hell , when i left school and was waiting for my start date at my ` proper ' job i worked in a sandwich factory , cutting meat , lugging bags of chicken and so on around , that was the kind of job you did for a bit before you moved on . 
  that said the change in the school leaving age , as well as expectations for teenagers have changed quite a bit . . 
  i 'd love to see some stats on how many young people are working in the holidays now and between school and college etc. 
  it seems ( always a dubious term ) to have dropped off , not least because we do n't seem to let kids grow up until they are quite a bit older now ... ... re-reading the above , i think i may have become old . . 
  yes ... a thing happened , followed by movement on the pound . 
  on the 27th of september there is a move of the same size , in the other direction . 
  the big statement on the 27th was osborne warning of ` severe ' damage from a hard brexit , and the sarkozy thing on a ` brexit exit ' . 
  it 's going to bounce around quite a bit . . 
  to be fair , any time anything happens the pound bounces around a bit . 
  it 's going to be like this for months ... 
   did you go check the poll that i already sent you ? 
  yes ? 
  and i 've read through the forecasts that came out before and after the referendum . 
   yeah it 'll be really mitigated if uk remains in the eea i.e. 
  being in the eu without any veto vote . 
  that sound very smart . 
  it would be mitigated , but not eliminated . 
  i 'd see that as a reasonable ( ish ) compromise , but it does n't fill in all the blanks for the uk and leaves the free-movement issue that is driving some significant proportion of the pro-leave position . 
   and looking at the rhetoric presented so far , it 's pretty clear that some actually want a hard brexit which is dumb . 
  i think quite a lot of people want something between wto rules and eea membership , that 's not dumb , it may not be the best option , but it will depend what that actually looks like . 
   you having the nhs has an impact on gdp . 
  it does , a positive one . 
  privatising it would create a large boost too , it 'd also massively increase health spending , harm people on lower incomes and generally be a shit move , but it would probably lead to a boost in gdp . .  immigrants have an impact on gdp , a positive one . 
  indeed , immigration is important to growth , and it 'd be disastrous to cut it massively , or to continue down the route of slashing things like student visas for the sake of reducing numbers . .  friggin `` self determination '' has no real impact on gdp because it 's just plain words . 
  it 's a hollow concept anyone can fill it up with whatever fantasies they have . 
  no , self-determination is literally deciding on how you are governed . . its not unimportant and it 's not a hollow concept either . 
  i 'm sure that everyone who ended up behind the iron curtain would place some pretty heavy emphasis on self determination , i 'm sure that countries like ireland ( that fought for self determination . . ) would tell you its not hollow . 
   no one would want that because that 's bullshit . 
  there is no economic leaver that a monarchy would have to produce higher gdp . 
  you are inventing stuff . 
  oh i do n't know , added stability , the ability to centrally plan , override popular decisions that are n't in the countries best interests ... a monarchy , dictatorship or quasi authoritarian technocratic system of government could boost gdp . 
   no ... it 's bullshit . 
  no , it really is n't ... 
  it might not be important to you , but it is important for quite a lot of people . 
   the arguments you are giving about `` self-determination '' and whatever crap are bullshit . 
  so you honestly do n't think people should have a say in how they are governed ? 
  why bother with elections then ? 
  i mean we could just do whatever seems to provide the best economic results , sod the rest of it ...  you create this imaginary all powerful being called the eu then you rebel against it because it has waay too much power . 
  no , the eu does n't impede on uk self determination . 
  no , the eu does n't impede the uk right to self-determination . 
  i never suggested it did , in fact the referendum indicates quite clearly that people in the uk were able to exercise that right ... and they did , and they decided that they did n't want to be part of the eu anymore ...  no significant economic harm , just that people will be poorer because of bullshit . 
  again , i do n't think that is terribly likely all things considered , and until the uk and eu negotiate an exit , it 's going to be hard to justify it as a claim for anything beyond the short term . 
   you put yourself in the situation where you console yourself with the fact that `` hey guys , it wo n't be that bad '' . 
  which in my opinion is stupid but hey , if you think that 's awesome , more power to you . 
  no , i have n't put myself in a situation where i 'm consoling myself about anything . 
  i think this was the right choice , i think the outcome will be positive for the uk and that even when it comes to the economic element ( which is n't the whole issue , but certainly part of it . . ) it will , if handled correctly , end up a net positive . 
   is that not the most important aspect about the brexit ? 
  its one of the most important aspects , i do n't think its the most important aspect , and i doubt it was the primary driver for many people . 
  i 'd argue that most of the economic discussion was more that it would n't be a disaster if the uk left ( and indeed that there could be upsides ) rather than that the uk had to leave the eu purely for better economic performance . .  we already know what 's the most likely outcome : everybody will be poorer . 
  no we really do n't . 
  we know that under some scenarios , a loss of gdp growth will be more likely . 
  we do know that economists generally believe that the uk being in the eu would benefit both in terms of growth over the alternatives that have been presented , and so that there is a general consensus that it is more likely that people will be poorer without knowing what the outcome of the negotiations will be . 
  i would assume that there would be a revision ( and indeed far more precise predictions ) if the economists had more data to work with . . 
  it 's exactly the same issue that is driving volatility , people do n't know what is going to happen , the lack of certainty is a risk , and that will cost us ( and that cost could be extrapolated . . ) . 
  but that does n't mean the most likely scenario is that people will be poorer . .  hey we got the message , you 'd rather be poorer and not `` depend on brussels '' . 
  i think the message got mangled a little . 
  i think the message was more that we do n't see a future for the uk along the trajectory that the eu is going . 
  for some people that will have been about immigration , for others it will have been about self-determination , and for some it will have been something else . 
  but yes , it 's certainly true that relative prosperity , or some fraction of gdp growth does n't suddenly trump every other argument . 
  for example , you 'd be hard pressed to find a majority in the uk who would exchange say the nhs for a 1 % boost in gdp , in much the same way that i doubt you 'd find many in france who would want to exchange a reversion to monarchy for a 1 % rise in gdp , its not all about the economy , there are societal political and other aspects too . .  whatever that bullshit means . 
  when people let politics determine how much money they get in the end , something is just off . 
  politics always determines how much money they get , when people vote for political parties they consider the tax implications and the impact on services , but it comes down to the politics . . 
  i mean come on , there are lots of issues more important than raw economic performance , the question has and always will be balance . 
  although at the end of the day , based on what i think is achievable in the eu/uk negotiations , i do n't think we 'll see any significant economic harm either way , and quite a lot of potential . 
   they vastly agree on this topic . 
  so yeah , brexit was dumb . 
  they do , but that 's taking one point in isolation ( the economic aspect . . ) and its based on assumptions ( valid ones one would assume , but assumptions nonetheless ) so calling it dumb is a bit . . well , dumb ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that the short term economic forecasts for brexit are valid for the various models they were produced for ( and frankly , they are n't that alarming even if you assume the worst ) . 
  they also have the benefit of being both simpler and including fewer imponderables . 
  however the longer term ones require more assumptions than are useful , and quite a lot of assumptions that we know are unlikely ( the uk resorting to wto rules , efta/eea or emulating someone else ) . 
  so right off the bat , the predictions are based on the wrong models . . 
  if you look at most long term economic projections , they tend to be off by some degree ( again , perfectly reasonable given the variables ) and for brexit , given the impact is predicted to be mildly negative , that means that there is a lot of scope for economists to be broadly right , but end up in a slightly different place . . and again , that assumes no mitigation from the eu or uk . 
  to be honest , the more important aspect now is the negotiations and what happens next . 
  yes , there are lots of scenarios , even somewhat likely ones that leave the uk , or the uk and eu worse off . 
  but they are n't the only scenarios or even the most likely . 
  it is also entirely possible for the uk and eu to end up in a position where both see a positive outcome , that 's what i 'd assume both the eu and uk will look to work toward . 
  i 've said it before , but it 's worth repeating . 
  no-one is going to ` win ' brexit and it will likely have a relatively minimal impact in lots of ways on all sides . 
  as excited as everyone is about the uk breaking apart , or the eu imploding or whatever doomsday scenario they have , or indeed the eu becoming a superpower finally , or the uk somehow leading the commonwealth into global domination , they are all largely people expressing their worst fears and in some cases mean hopes . . brexit is one of the biggest issues the uk faces right now , and it is for the eu too , and it will involve a lot of change , a huge amount of effort and it will reshape the future of europe to a large degree , or at least open up a lot of possibilities . 
  but i think the real impact is going to be very small in the short term at least . 
  the uk and eu are going to diverge rather than split in some catastrophic manner . . you might argue that going through something like this , with the effort , time and costs involved when there is n't a new empire , or a eu superpower , or wwiii at the end , in a reasonably short span of time seems a bit pointless , but hey , some things that some people think are important will be different . 
  oh and it will make it easier for both the eu and uk to chart their own courses , which from the uk perspective is at least part of the point , and i 'm sure for some in the eu it will be something of a relief too . . 
   special reminder that a drop to nearly the lowest level in 30 years is merely on the speculation of when it 'll happen . 
  it 'll get worse when it officially starts . 
  you think ... 
  i 'd argue that the uncertainty is the driving factor , once it happens and it is clearer what is happening , uncertainty drops and , i 'd argue that if the uk and eu come to anything approaching a semi sensible agreement much of the volatility will cease . 
  as to whether the pound will rise to the 1.40 / 1.50 level it has been at since 2008 is a different question , and one that will likely depend on government policy and confidence . 
  frankly the pound bouncing back up to anything like pre-2008 levels would n't be great for uk exports , and if the uk is looking to increase exports generally then a stronger pound would become a barrier . 
  as it is , it 's an enabler . . 
  it 's broadly fine . . take a look at the long term value of the pound against the dollar , euro , yen . . whatever really , and it does n't look terribly dramatic . 
  the issue here is more volatility than anything else . 
  we 'll know more about what the impact any of this has had in 2-3 years , and really only get a full ( or fuller . . ) picture in 10 years . 
  the way some people are reading this , you 'd think the pound was in free fall , or that the uk was in a recession , neither is true . 
   but i know they are already pretty weak next to the rest of europe not really . . 
  i realise this is a popular line of thought , especially that the uk will simply destroy worker protections on exit , but the uk generally has better protections than mandated by eu legislation and between in work benefits , the tax system , health provision , health and safety and so on , it is in no way weak compared to the rest of the eu . 
  scotland is part of the uk ... 
  so the uk debt is scottish debt as much as it is anyones . 
  the uk is taking the same approach , it has prioritised victims of sexual violence and torture , and the elderly and disabled , and they are n't getting the usual asylum status , the refugees are given five years ' ` humanitarian protection ' status , with permission to work and access public funds .
