   these people who are voicing the polls do n't represent 800 million europeans who have no need to voice anything . 
  when you have a poll that indicates that in 9 eu countries a significant proportion of the electorate would like a referendum on eu membership , that 's not nothing . 
  it does n't go anywhere near indicating that they want to leave the eu , but it does suggest that there is significant demand for a say in what their countries relationship with the eu should be . 
   you do n't have a brexit referendum because you peeps think the eu needs to change . 
  actually , that 's pretty much exactly why the uk is having a referendum . 
  even the people arguing the case for remain want to see the eu change significantly ( their strongest argument is that within the eu , we can make the changes that are needed to make the eu work for the uk . . ) , if you look at various surveys that have been done , the biggest support for the uk remaining in the eu is around a ` reformed eu ' . 
  that 's also why cameron did his little thing before the referendum kicked off . 
   you have a brexit referendum because your politicians are more than willing to sacrifice long term prospects over scoring political brownie points for their personal party standing in a time when the outcome was judged pro-eu anyway . 
  it 's worth remembering that all the major political parties are pro-eu , most mps are pro-eu , the government and opposition have taken remain positions on the eu and it is only really over the last few years that there has been any political threat to that in the form of ukip . 
  now that is n't because people liked the eu , or thought it was working , it 's because frankly people did n't really care and saw the eu as a large trade block that we could sort of be part of ( but not schengen , not the euro , not anything else that might pop up like an army , or a federal entity etc. . ) . 
  the referendum was called in part because of the threat that ukip presented to the tories , but more broadly because there is a split in the conservative party and because the issue has risen in prominence and importance for some people . 
  i would like to see the uk leave the eu , but not see the eu break up , unless that 's what the eu 's current membership want . 
  i can certainly see a few other countries who feel the eu is n't a great fit thinking about leaving too , but broadly i 'd assume that a uk exit would put some real focus on what the eu is for and what it wants to become and then possibly even some steps towards that . 
  the uk leaving the eu would shake up the eu , but i do n't think it 'd lead to a break up , if it did , it would mean that there are some fairly significant issues even amongst the most pro-eu members , and some severe structural issues that are n't currently obvious . 
  all in , the eu as a political , social and economic project needs to bring along all its members , where it ca n't it is right that those members make a decision on how they want to work with the eu , whether that is outside of it , or continuing to try and achieve their vision within it . 
  the uk would probably be better off out on that basis alone ( the average uk view , even from those who are pro-eu is somewhat different from other europeans in countries like germany in my experience ... ) . 
   i see no other way to prevent these nonsense wars from happening in future on our continent , than through working together in an economic union . 
  if we took your worst case scenario and saw a break up of the eu , i really still do n't think that it follows that there would suddenly be a reversal of the relationships within the bloc , or that there would suddenly be more economic and resource competition backed by military power . . 
  the eu and indeed europe generally ( in fact the world as a whole . . ) is n't the same as it was at the turn of the century . 
  yes there are pressures when it comes to natural resources , and they are only going to get worse , but we also have more effective ways of working together and even when competing , and far more mutual reliance , cooperation and communication than we did then too . 
  do you really think that without the eu germany is suddenly going to decide that military power is the way to go ? 
  that it will try and snatch back land from poland or invade france ? 
  i do n't think so , in much the same way as i do n't think the us is going to try and take canada , or that portugal would try to take brazil . 
  the world is n't conflict free , we can see that with ukraine , syria , yemen , afghanistan and so on . 
  no-doubt the eu has a role to play somewhere , but it is n't the eu that has kept the peace , if anything nato has made a far greater contribution and general societal change has cemented it . . 
   if it operates anything like the us , there will always be people who think leaving the larger body is a better idea than taking the good with the bad ( see the texas statements about them seceding from the union . ), 
  the amount of people who take that position is pretty critical though , the number of people in the uk and potentially across the eu who would support leaving the eu is likely to be considerably larger than the number of texans in favour of secession . 
  if the uk remains , i ca n't see that view changing much in the short term . . that said , if the uk leaves , i 'd be willing to bet that we 'd see a lot of campaigning from various groups to rejoin the eu too . 
   so if all those people get their votes and the outcome is not the desired one i.e. 
  the votes choose to remain in the eu , what then ? 
  will they accept the eu as a legitimate organization or will it keep being viewed a foreign oppressive globalist force ? 
  somehow i think the latter . 
  i would assume that they 'd see the eu as having a mandate from people within their own countries , and that they need to put together a better argument . 
  no referendum is going to put this issue to bed , acceptance might over time , and no doubt reforms within the eu to make it more acceptable would , but it 'll take time and the eu side might not win out . 
   also wonder about the reasons people are so hell-bent on destroying the eu . 
  i would n't conflate leaving the eu with destroying it . 
  it seems pretty clear that there are some very different levels of commitment between members , that will always have an impact . 
  having some states leave the eu whilst other remain might well do more to cement a future for the eu than trying to tie in members that do n't want to be part of the project . 
   has it been so bad for their country ? 
  i understand that if i ask this in / r/europe the answer will be `` muslims '' but that is not really an eu matter is it ? 
  the question there is has it been better than not being in the eu would be . 
  the answer to that depends on the state and the priorities of the people who answer . 
  there are lots of memorials to the czech , polish and other euopean as well as commonwealth pilots ( and sailors etc. . ) who fought in wwii across the uk , i try to make a point of seeing one each remembrance sunday and leaving a poppy or similar , although they seem to have more and more people doing the same , i assume because polish communities , and others are growing . 
  some of the stories associated with the pilots are pretty amazing too . 
   it appears you are reading quite selectively and are using deliberate slothful induction ( a logical fallacy ) to avoid having to admit that there are other ways of material quid pro quo than direct donations . 
   you ignore my paragraph you quoted in which i explain the various forms this influence takes beyond funding ... not at all , i was interested in the notion that the parent expressed about direct russian funding , my point from the last comment was that it all seems to come down to the loan to the fn . 
  everything else you mention appears to be centred on russia trying to influence the eu and use parties that are anti-eu to do that , covertly . . 
  i 'm not suggesting that russia does n't try to influence a whole range of groups within the eu ( the charge has been levied at left wing , right wing , eurosceptic and green groups . . ) , i was intrigued at the idea that ( and again , i quote from the parent  ` most euro-sceptic parties are directly financed by russia ' . 
  the reason i find that quote particularly interesting ( and indeed some of the points you raise about eurosceptic parties voting against eu positions that are harmful to russia ) . 
  is the inference that somehow they are working for , or in the pay of the kremlin . 
  you could extend that to suggest they are n't really representing a significant view around the eu , but rather are just part of some russian move to harm the eu . 
  now that last bit is plainly absurd , there have been and will likely always be eurosceptic groups within the eu , many of them have existed for a very long time and indeed do n't have issues with funding ( and their funders are often public ... ) . 
  even on the influence side , the point that came up around the report on state of eu-russia relations from gabrielius landsbergis suggesting that the objection from eurosceptic parties was around the criticism or russia seems somewhat misleading . 
  if you read the report , it calls for the eu to legislate on political party funding in the eu , something that i would assume most eurosceptic parties would prefer not to happen as they do n't see it as being the role of the eu to regulate political parties . 
  i mean , giving more power to the eu , or the eu legislating is pretty much what eurosceptic parties do n't want , which is why you see them voting against practically everything . 
  anyway , my point is that the direct funding claim seems inaccurate based on the information out there , the idea that ` most ' eurosceptic parties are funded by russia appears to be even less accurate . 
  your points about influence are most likely right to some extent . 
  the eu will be as much of a target for russian meddling , as russia is ( read the same report ... ) for the eu , if not moreso , although i doubt that the principles or aims of russian intervention are anything like as acceptable to most people in the eu than the reverse . 
  however , i do think it 's both unfortunate and inaccurate to present euroscepticism as being pro-russian by default , or indeed to suggest , directly or otherwise , that somehow these positions are n't honest , but the result of russian influence . 
  that should be clear from the fact that there is significant opposition to the eu in many places where there is not corresponding support for russia . 
  lastly ,  apart from the fact that your entire objection about funding is clearly addressed in the very paragraph you cited from my comment , le pen has admitted it : my point should have been pretty clear , a bank loan is n't direct foreign funding , it 's a bank loan . 
  if a uk political party were to get a bank loan from a foreign bank , it would n't be an issue and it certainly would n't be seen as foreign intervention unless it was somehow government directed ( which it is possible that it might have been for fn ) or if it were somehow on non-commercial terms . 
  so again , i agree with you that there is almost no-doubt that russia seeks to influence the eu , and indeed that it might try to do that through political groups in the eu , but to claim that most eurosceptic groups have direct russian funding is a fairly bold , and frankly unlikely claim by the parent . 
   if not directly funding , which the kremlin does do in some instances , the kremlin certainly seeks to manipulate and exploit euroskeptic parties for their strategic objectives , one of which is to disunite the e.u. 
  those parties repay the favour by supporting russian foreign and domestic policies . 
  having just read through all of those , it seems that the only aspect of funding appears to be a loan from the ` first czech-russian bank ' to the fn in france . 
  everything else seems to be extrapolated from that , with the basic premise being that since any eurosceptic position might benefit the russians , it is therefore a pro-russian position ... 
  which would seem to be a bit daft frankly , or rather you could use that argument for anything that benefits the russians in some way ( gas agreements etc. . ) , or harms the eu ( refugee/migrant crisis , greek debt , terrorism etc. . ) . 
  it 's obviously a long way from linking euroscepticism with pro-russian positions , and even further from the notion that ` most ' eurosceptic groups are directly funded by russia . . 
  i mean , even when the us was funding eu parties , it was n't doing it directly ( because most eu countries have laws that make that kind of direct funding illegal . . ) . 
   because most euro-sceptic parties are directly financed by russia ? 
  that 's a pretty bold claim , and frankly one that does n't seem terribly credible without some evidence . . a lot of the eurosceptic parties out there , especially the ones with actual support do n't seem terribly pro-russia either . 
  indeed . 
  i blame the education system , parents , and nigel farage . 
  superb , i 'd hate for satire to be confused with scorn . 
  is this the bit where we learn the difference between a poll , and a vote ? 
  ha , yeah , no problem threw me for a minute . . 
  cheers . 
   maybe it has something to do with the original op deleting his account ? 
  nah , that account is still here - https://www.reddit.com/user/acornit and the post is at the top of his user page and not deleted , unless more is going wrong . . 
  this one is showing as submitted by [ deleted ] now because i also deleted the submission ( ** after ** asking you about whether you could see it ...  ) to see if i could submit it again without it catching in the dupe search . 
   weirdly enough that was the case for me a minute ago but now it does show up when you search for url or title ( at least for me ) hmm , still does n't for me so ... potentially something is out of sync on one or more of the boxes handling search . 
  ace ( well , you know what i mean . . ) , i 'll go ahead and put a report together then . 
  oh and , erm , apologies for the dupe . . 
   i imagine reddit uses the same stuff to check for dupe on posting as it does for it 's search feature which is apparently buggy as hell . 
  as i understand it it does , but i think i am right in saying that it 's perfectly good at matching urls ( people masking them by adding shite to the end of a url being a different issue , and does n't seem to be the case here . . ) so it 'd be worth seeing if there is something specific going on , and these url 's happen to be fairly clean so it 'd be a good bug report if nothing else . 
  can you do me a favour and just confirm that you do n't get either submission when you search by url ? 
  ( restricted to / r/europe ) the other one has n't been removed ( afaikt ) so presumably it should still show up , and the / r/europe one does n't show up in [ other discussions ] ( http://imgur.com/a/sixrk ) either . 
  i assume there is n't anything in your modlog suggesting that the other one has been removed either as it has n't been marked as such or if it has been removed quietly i suppose that might have an impact on search results too, 
  weirdly it does seem to be a dupe - [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64prvq/france_election_southwest_voters_eye_brexit_with/?st=j1drfqu8&amp;sh=576e7aef ) , but does n't seem to come up as a dupe if you search the url , even though they are the same ... 
  i think i 'll ping the admins as this is n't the first time i 've seen this happen and i think its unintended behaviour . 
  ( oh and you may as well remove this and mark it as a dupe . . ), 
   how the hell are they using this much . 
  music and video streaming , simultaneous backups of photos taken on the phone camera , synchronising documents , tethering a laptop . . you can use a lot of data if you have a 40 minute commute to and from work , or if you spend a lot of time on your phone generally . 
  i 'm a relatively light user and am at about 2.3 gb of usage now ( since the 20th of last month . . ) so whilst 60gb seems excessive , i can absolutely imagine using that if i were spending more time away from wifi . 
  in terms of roaming , we used a little under 2.6 gb in three weeks between france , germany , belgium and luxembourg last summer so 2gb seems a little light . 
  interesting article though . . 
   the ensemble of all these alterations most of them ( potentially all of them . . ) are n't ` alterations ' though , they are what they have always been rather than changes to emphasise britishness ... 
  it 'd be a bit like arguing that german or french style toilets are somehow intended to indoctrinate , rather than being the norm in those countries . . 
   i think the issue you 're talking about only becomes salient if we 're actually going to make policy .
