  i 'm aware that the eu broadly works on qmv , that it works toward unanimity and that vetos are essentially reserved to several areas where the eu does n't have sole competency . . that 's not what the issue is in terms of the parents comment though . 
  my point is that the veil of solidarity seems to vanish whenever people see one member state as having stepped out of line , the language and indeed the way issues like that are represented is really problematic . 
  as to the eu generally , it is currently in a position where it desperately needs to bring all its members forward together , there is a significant amount of reform and rethinking required to ensure that it can pull together . 
  it wo n't do that if there is a constant need for one country to be a scapegoat on issues , whether that is greece on the eurozone , the v4 on migration , the uk on defence or cap etc. . ( before it was about everything . . ) . 
  my premise , was based on the sentiment of the statement in the parent comment , the idea that one member can push the rest to unify against it , and that being broadly a bad thing . .  the need for consensus and qualified majority are among the chief reasons why the eu is slow to react to crises in the first place . 
  a more traditional system of democratic government would make it a more effective and powerful entity . 
  it would and frankly in some areas to be effective the eu will need a more traditional approach ( and i 'm both somewhat hopeful that the eu will achieve that if it can bring members along , and i 'm glad the uk wo n't be part of that . . ) . 
  but again , i was very clear about what i objected to in the parents comment , not on the structure of the eu as it stands , that 's a different and obviously still quite contentious issue . . 
  because 5 sentences was overly complex ? 
  i note that you 've taken the approach of dismissing the point entirely instead though . 
  well done you . 
   til that losing the vote for the president of the european council is sidelining a member in its entirety . 
  where did i say that . .  i 'm not going to bother with the rest of your comment . 
  because that 's the relevant bit related to the comment and ` uniting against a member ' . 
  i suppose if ignoring the pertinent bits of a debate works for you then there is n't much left to say . . 
   how is the eu supposed to function if every time a country objected over one thing , they win ? 
  spoilers : the minority does n't always get what it wants . 
  that 's a function of being in the minority . 
  how is the eu going to function when it sidelines members in their entirety ? 
  it is a union of member states , that means there has to be a serious focus on consensus , on bringing everyone along , or waiting until it can . 
  that said , there are , and should be areas where a majority is enough . 
  the issue i had with the parent comment however was this bit :  you managed to unite the eu - against poland . 
  this seems to be a bit of a pattern , the eu united against greece , the eu united against hungary , the eu united against the uk and now the eu united against poland ? 
  surely you see an issue with that kind of mindset ? 
  is this the new normal ? 
  eu unity being everyone against one other member ? 
  because that does n't seem like it 'd end too well . 
   yes , please ... 
  but highly unlikely as it requires a common executive for foreign affairs and defense . 
  and withdrawal from the npt , avoiding the likely sanctions that arise from that move , and dealing with the issues that will likely be raised within the unsc . 
  in the uk at least there is no problem with it though . . 
  scotland is part of the uk and quite a few people ( in scotland and the rest of the uk ) would prefer to remain together . . that 's about all it comes down to ( much like people in other parts of the us would be upset if california or texas seemed to be intending to secede ) . 
  there is a bit of an additional issue at the moment on scottish independence because there was just a vote that resulted in scotland remaining part of the uk , and because scottish independence is being somewhat incorrectly tied to eu membership . 
  not entirely sure what you are saying here , but if you are suggesting that the eu issue should be decoupled from the independence issue in any referendum , i 'd agree . 
  i wonder if scotland were to decide to secede from the uk , whether the scottish government would then offer a referendum on eu membership . 
  it 'd be interesting because i 'm not entirely sure that if it were offered such a referendum that a newly independent scotland would vote to join ( although it might depend on the franchise of that that vote . . ) . . 
  every intelligence agency in the world should take it seriously although obviously it will come as more or less of a surprise to some , and have more of an impact on some than others . . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that whilst new peers can be created , they ca n't easily be gotten rid of without consent , so cutting back on lib dem peers is n't likely . 
  as someone pointed out in / r/de , that 'd be in the uk zone and there are a fair few recently vacated bfg garrisons that have n't been converted into anything else yet . . that assumes that the us does n't push the uk to re-up numbers again of course , although at the moment that does n't look terribly likely . 
   i think that we can thank nigel farage for their success . 
  to a large extent yes , although focusing purely on the eu and , to a certain extent making everything about the eu gave them that core cause that people who were otherwise politically moderate could get behind . 
   it was longer than that , ukip 's popularity was only a small part . 
  pro-eu people have been mute for so long that anti-eu people could run wild . 
  even tony blair did n't want to be seen as too nice on europe . 
  i think that ( and i mention it in the other thread we seem to be running . . ) comes down to the inability of any party , any government really , to promote the eu positively as a political project . 
  the uk has always sort of treated it as a trading bloc with some attachments , and to a certain degree that has been how the electorate treated it too ( look at ep election turnouts . . ) . 
  that really is absurd of course if you consider the breadth of the competencies that the eu has ( as some people are apparently only now figuring out . . ) . 
   i am not sure how they are akin to ukip . 
  most people who voted leave did n't vote for ukip and many of them ca n't stand ukip . 
  purely in the sense that they have focused themselves on that one cause , they have a centrally attractive policy that cuts across other barriers . 
  ukip have n't managed to fill the void in the other parts of their platform whilst the snp have , which i think is the difference . 
   the snp are more unified on other issues while the only thing that ukip members have in common is their dislike of britain 's membership of the eu . 
  yup agreed . 
  and i 'd expect ukip to lose relevance and cohesion over the next couple of years too . 
  it 's an amazing story really , long period in the doldrums , a flash of influence , the right leader at the right time for the party , a referendum , win , achieve your parties primary policy goal and then hopefully disappear ( without turning into an alt-right , anti-immigration style party if we are lucky , although even if that happens , they wo n't see the same sort of support again ... ) . 
   i am probably being too harsh on the official campaign because i was disappointed in it and found it really ineffective . 
  the politico analysis puts the blame mainly on the official campaign which i some what agree with . 
  there were some interesting moments , i distinctly remember using the same arguments that jeremy corbyn was using to support eu membership in my arguments against for example ( which really should indicate just how subjective the question was . . ) . 
   i must say i find it interesting that you think that remain would do worse if they made a passionate case for it . 
  i suppose many of the things that i like about the eu such as freedom of movement and the euro are so toxic in the uk that anyone who tries to make an argument for them will be laughed at . 
  pretty much , i find the hate for freedom of movement somewhat annoying ( i think it 's a great idea in some form , possibly not intertwined with everything else , but i digress . . ) , but the dislike of the euro is fairly understandable , as are objections to closer political integration . 
  as i said , i 'd have liked the remain camp to map out a future view of the eu , or even several , so that people could really consider what being part of the project could mean . 
  granted that might have meant they made their argument and converted people to solidarity , union and so on , but i think it would have highlighted what people did n't like . 
  i mean there is a good reason that the argument from remain was essentially economic , the vast majority of the uk would love to see an eu that was just a loose trading bloc without the other bits , in that configuration i 'm betting most people would even like to see it expand , and would be happy to sacrifice some things for it to succeed . 
  but as a political project , i just do n't see the support in the uk , and i have n't see anyone during or since the campaign really argue for it . 
   the remain campaign was horrendous and felt like their win was for granted so they did n't even try . 
  i think it 'd be inaccurate to say they did n't try . 
  in terms of money spent , government positions used , and campaigning they put a massive amount of effort into it . 
  it just was n't very ... good ...  saying that i am not sure how the passionate case for the eu would work out considering how toxic many of the issues around it are with voters in the uk . 
  however it is pretty clear that the current strategy put many voters off so it would have been worth a try or at the very least get the balance right . 
  like i said , i 'd have loved to see that . 
  i think leave would have won by a larger margin , but it would have been a better debate on both sides . 
  that alone would have been worth it . 
   i think that referendums are terrible tools more about political tactics than being about making the process more engaging . 
  even at the best of times they do a bad job at being reflective and do n't take in account that people 's opinions change or can be easily influenced . 
  it is much better to not have them . 
  i think they have a role when you have constitutional questions in which parliament feels it is out of step with , or does n't properly represent some of the views . 
  now , i 'm reasonably certain that 's not why cameron pushed for one , but frankly i think on the eu ( as with scottish independence ) it was the right thing to do . 
  i 'd have been happier if it had come a bit later , if the government had pushed more for a discussion and a request for some reform within the eu , but hey , when you get a once in a generational vote , you ca n't exactly turn it down and say you 'll wait for the next one . 
   people vote for parties for a number of issues and ukip lingered around 3 % for about the first 20 years of their existence meaning that people did n't have a strong enough reason to vote for them in all that time . 
  agreed , well that and that the party was pretty shambolic to boot . 
   the eu was n't really an issue at the last general election despite there being a major party offering a referendum on it . 
  it was n't , and again , the issues broadly came down to the same issues that elections are usually fought on . 
  the priorities are the economy , health , welfare , education and so on . 
  the eu is and has always been a bit of a blanket that covered a few areas , but was n't seen as important or terribly relevant most of the time . 
  the problem for those who are pro-eu arose when ukip did manage to put some pressure on and the conservatives offered a referendum . 
  it 's worth noting that the actual act of offering a referendum was very popular , people did want a say on it , but not at the expense of everything else politically important to them . .  a huge percentage of snp voters could n't care less about independence but prefer them to the alternatives . 
  i 'd argue that the snp is more akin to ukip in that they have the support of essentially everyone who wants independence , with the added bonus of being a mostly sane party with sensible views on other issues ( mostly ) . 
  that said there are alternatives to the snp in scotland if you are a unionist ( hence the votes going to the tories and labour etc. . ) , i 'd be willing to bet that a large proportion of snp voters also voted yes to independence , but that the split on eu membership is more in line with scotland in general ( and polling seems to suggest that , so it 's 35/65 in favour of the eu ) . 
   nicola sturgeon is hoping more that brexit wo n't work out creating enough discontent for independence to win . 
  absolutely , and to be fair to her , at this point keeping independence seeming viable and achievable , with a good reason to call for a new referendum when she feels the polling is in her favour is about all she can do . 
  that could backfire horribly though if she picks the wrong moment , or if she waits too long . 
  pretty much , it 's one of the things that made the referendum so infuriating ( although it 's understandable . . ) . 
  i 'd much rather have had a debate about what people wanted from the eu , the future of the eu and the uk 's part in it rather than a wet discussion of the horrors of leaving and what mild reforms might be possible . 
  the eu as the slightly shitty lesser of two evils was n't a particularly compelling counterpoint . . that said , it was probably the best way to get people to vote remain , and at least part of the reason i 'd have preferred more vocal support for the eu and the future of the eu from the remain side is that it 'd likely have left us with a clearer decision at the end of it ( and i think one that would still have been for leave . . ) . 
   should we take the same attitude to the referendum as well ? 
  since it is clear that most leavers are n't vehemently anti-eu and i imagine a huge chunk of them voted on local issues that had nothing to do with the eu . 
  i 'd certainly agree with that in part . 
  i 'd argue that a large proportion of leavers are n't vehemently anti-eu and would have had membership as an issue quite a long way down their priority lists of issues . . 
  i 'm not sure they voted entirely on other issues , but for many i 'd have thought they would have quite happily not been asked .
