   i do n't agree one bit . 
  there was a decent idea of what will happen , at least in the short term if remain won but nothing for leave . 
  such thing should be unacceptable in such an important vote . 
  we knew what would happen in the short term , because it 's in the treaties . 
  the uk would notify and then negotiate with the eu . 
  everything else is up in the air and down to what can be agreed . . 
  the government can promise literally nothing at this point , beyond that they wo n't take a deal that is actively damaging ( where leaving without a deal makes more sense . . ) . 
  they have and continue to lay out their approach in a very vague way , but frankly that 's more long term anyway . 
   it is actually rather contestable with many people arguing that it is n't . 
  there has been loads and loads of articles about how it was n't the will of the people . 
  about the only thing that is clear from the referendum , is that more people would prefer to see the uk outside of the eu than in it . 
  anything else , the level of support for various approaches now , is up in the air . 
  now i had a quick look at the links you dropped in and frankly , they are infuriating . 
  polling is less accurate than an actual referendum , we do n't get to analyse polling data , which specifically requires you to get the weighting and extrapolation is right , and assume it is more accurate than the actual election . 
  we also do n't get to look at demographic shifts and imply changes in opinion on the back of that . . we had a vote , in that vote , more people voted leave than voted remain by a small but significant margin . 
  turnout was reasonable and there has n't been a significant shift back . 
  yes , i 'd have liked a larger margin ( i 'd actually bet that if we ran the vote again now , we 'd see a larger margin . . ) , but surely it is not reasonable to infer that actually people did n't mean to vote leave , or that leave voters are old and so will die soon etc. . but disregard an actual poll with tens of millions of votes . .  that is why we needed a plan so people had less doubts on what they were voting . 
  we do n't get to decide that though , it 's a joine eu/uk negotiated position . 
   that could simply be that people tend not to like change but once it is implemented they are more supportive of it . 
  yes . . it could be that , and i suppose we will find out because the city level devolution is taking place . 
   it could be much better , if it was there would be little appetite for referendums as they would feel rather represented already . 
  agreed , although i think there is already little appetite for referendums . 
  that said if people were better represented generally , the uk would potentially already have left the eu . 
   fptp creates a lot of disenfranchisement , i despise ukip but it is unfair that they only got one seat with nearly 4 millions at the last election . 
  it is , and the same goes for parties like the lib dems and greens . 
   the public demand was n't actually that great and was pretty much a non issue until fairly recently . 
  it was a continuous low level thing though , and across the political spectrum . 
  you had a lot of people ( as evidenced by the referendum . . ) who had a preference for leaving . . 
  the issue essentially was that it was n't on offer by anyone you 'd actually want to vote for ( leaving ukip . . ) . 
   leaving the eu was largely a fringe issue until the coalition . 
  this issue pretty much crept up on many people . 
  while the conservatives have been fighting about europe since thatcher was pm . 
  i do n't think it was a fringe issue in the sense that most people did n't have a view , but a fringe issue in that it was far less important than almost any other issue . 
  it 's a bit like saying legalising cannabis is a fringe issue , it is , but a huge number of people would support it if you offered it ( and arguably it is an issue with more mainstream party support than leaving the eu ... ) . 
   referendums are very popular , in general even if i think that they are a terrible idea for many reasons . 
  as such they are quite an easy thing to sell to the public . 
  as on the surface they give the appearance of max participation . 
  i do n't think that 's terribly fair . 
  there is n't a lot of support for other referendums , including on contentious issues . 
  no-one is calling for a referendum on the privatisation ( or not . . ) of the nhs for example , or a referendum on tuition fees . . 
  the eu referendum was more akin to the scottish independence referendum in that way , it was about governance and association , with no other political mechanisms available to make it an issue ( without throwing away every other position . . ) . 
  and obviously it was a referendum that was authorised by parliament , with the commons voting 544 to 53 in favour of holding a referendum with only the snp opposing the bill ... 
  it was n't a government pushing something through , it was well supported by all parties , including parties that are now utterly opposed to the result . 
   it was one of many issues and to most people not a particularly important issue . 
  it was through great effort that anti-eu people were successful at pushing their agenda . 
  while the pro-eu side did n't really bother until it was far too late . 
  very true , but again , once a referendum was offered , the discussion and debate essentially started immediately . 
  it 's not as though everyone ignored it until the official campaigns kicked off . 
  ukip did a very , very good job of putting it front and centre of the political agenda once the referendum was on the cards , but that 's to be expected . 
  it became a more important issue once people became aware that they would actually be able to have some sort of input ( something that had been missing in the uk , on the eu for a long time , as evidenced by the voter turnouts in ep elections . . ) . 
   then he should n't have hold the referendum if he was n't going to plan for it . 
  they do n't actually put issues to bed and there was no excuse to think that it would work like that . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , i agree with you that the government should have done the prep work in the run up to the election , but the lack of planning was by design . 
  and more to the point , you could argue that there was no need to plan for either outcome because the referendum was the starting point , there would be time after the result to plan to implement it . 
   no it was n't people who voted leave were voting on what their perceptions on it were and if the alternative was pretty much the status quo it seemed rather attractive to many . 
  people would always have voted on what their perceptions of the result would be . 
  it 's not as though the government could have offered an exact outcome of things like the uk/eu negotiations ( they 'd have had to essentially say what they are saying now , which frankly would have been more beneficial to the leave side than remain . . ) . 
  as it was you had discussions about what possibilities there were and what the issues with the eu were . 
   you do n't have to have a referendum for those issues either and there a many other ways to deal with them . 
  such as ? 
  the uk has elections , or referendums . . 
  i suppose you could throw in public consultations and the like , but they still come down to parliamentary votes based on the outcomes of referendums . .  the us for an example has a super majority system for major constitutional changes . 
  while many other countries think that an electoral mandate is good enough . 
  the uk generally takes the latter approach , except in a very few , select instances , av , scottish independence and the eu ( joining and leaving i suppose ) seem to have been the primary ones . 
  the uk could of course have just had a parliamentary vote to remove itself from the eu , but instead had a parliamentary vote to set up a referendum instead . . that seems reasonable . 
   i am personally not keen but if we are going to have a referendums especially on such monumental and wide ranging decisions there should be great care and effort put into them to make sure that they truly reflect the will of the people . 
  i do n't think there is much question that the result of the eu referendum reflects what a majority of people want , that is to say they 'd rather see the uk not be part of the eu . 
  the issue really is the wider question of what the new relationship should look like . 
  that is complex , and now that there is an indication that people want to be out of the eu , it seems that the nature of the relationship will be down to parliament and this , and of course future governments . 
  surely that is reasonable ? 
   i would argue that germany is much more successful mmp is a much better voting system than fptp i 'd mostly agree with you , although i 've come to rather like the constituency link in the uk context and think something like ams , to preserve the geographic link and create a more proportional outcome might be a way forward . .  and germany has embraced federalization but i digress . 
  the uk has an issue there , there is n't any support for it . 
  even the devolution at the city level taking place now is essentially against the wishes of local populations . . that is something that probably needs sorting , but now i digress . 
  my point would be that the uk does a good job in terms of it 's democracy , yes it has issues , but it does balance the various issues that we have in democratic systems reasonably well , as well as any other eu state at the very least . 
   the uk never had a nationwide one until 1975 and as such it is a pretty recent thing . 
  in fact some people in the past thought that they were anti-british . 
  indeed . 
   the referendum was called primarily for party political reasons and was rushed through with little considerations . 
  the referendum was called for political reasons , but those political reasons included public demand . 
  there has been support for a straight in/out referendum in the uk for quite a while , and a long period of people not having their views on the eu being represented by any of the major political parties . 
  that suggests that as well as the political reasons , there was a practical and very sensible reason to call a referendum . 
   the campaigns made practically no effort to contribute to constructive debate and inform the public . 
  that i ca n't fault , the campaigns were pretty shite , but then the discussions on the eu started well before the campaigning did and there were many , although fewer than i would have liked , opportunities for people to debate and discuss the eu and the uks membership . 
   there was no plan in place and david cameron was so confident of a remain victory that it did n't matter . 
  cameron was confident of a victory and seemed to believe that not allowing the civil service to plan , and not having the government plan would aid the remain argument . 
  to be honest , the fact that leave won the argument despite that , and that the new government after cameron 's resignation put a plan together and is now running through that would suggest that the lack of a plan was somewhat immaterial to the referendum . 
   i do n't agree with referendums at the best of times but such terrible mismanagement is inexcusable . 
  that 's a perfectly valid position to take , but it does raise the problem of how you deal with divisive issues that people ca n't get a resolution on in the normal political framework , whether that is electoral reform , independence , or membership of super-national unions . 
  there is a place for referendums , and in the uk at least , they are all authorised by a representative body in the first place ( one that could act unilaterally on the issues too . . ) so it 's not that problematic . 
   germany is a successful democracy that has outlawed such referendums and it has worked very well . 
  the uk is a successful democracy that has referendums reasonably rarely and it seems to have worked very well too , so i 'm not sure that the referendums aspect is the biggest issue . .  there is no reason to hold referendums in a representative democracy anyway . 
  there are very few reasons to hold referendums in a representative democracy , but the exercise of self determination would be one good reason , determining the shape of governance would be another . 
  mostly though you are right , you do n't need a referendum for the every day running of a country . 
  there was n't a plan specifically because the government wanted to use the lack of a plan as an argument to remain . . as it happened the vote went leave , and the government put together a plan , that is taking it seriously . 
  he said he 'd keep campaigning and seek another referendum , the quote is `` in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way . 
  if the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it . '', 
  that 's a little different from wanting to ignore and then re-run a referendum , and is exactly the same as people now saying that they will campaign to rejoin the eu in the hope of having that happen at some point in the future . . 
  it starts to sound a lot like the argument used against eu member states that are net-recipients , when they disagree with a position presented by the eu . 
  the notion that they 've been paid for , so why on earth should they get to object to something . . not nice , whether you support their positions ( on in this case , le pens views . . ) or not . 
  would n't the armistice conditions and the un be more relevant ?
