  the statement quoted in the article even makes that reasonably clear : * `` turkey is one of the uk 's oldest friends -- our relations stretch back over 400 years -- but there is much that we can do in the future to build on that relationship together . 
  i 'm proud that the uk stood with you on 15 july last year in defence of democracy , and now it is important that turkey sustains that democracy by maintaining the rule of law and upholding its international human rights obligations as the government has undertaken to do . '' * the uk has a long history with turkey ( some good , some less so . . ) and i 'd argue that pointing out that turkey does need to uphold its obligations and sustain democracy the uk is being as clear as you can in diplomatic terms that it is n't terribly happy with some of the current internal issues in turkey . 
  as to the long term , how will this prove a stupid move ? 
  it 'll improve the capabilities of an ally , it will boost trade between turkey and the uk and it reminds turkey of its obligations to the rule of law . . 
  there seems to be a bit too much hate for people in generally , and a few too many people glorying in the notion of enemies all around at the moment . 
  that said , you chaps really need to sort a few things out ... 
   no , i want to get out off nato and i certainly do n't want to be in an alliance with the sultan and promoter of sunni terror . 
  fair enough , i do n't disagree that there are some serious issues with turkey , although i 'd rather see them solved and turkey in nato than countries pulling out . .  the uk had a number of reasons to push for eu expansion , most of them were not in the interest of the eu . 
  they were n't in the interests of the eu that you 'd like to see maybe , but hey . 
  at the same time i assume you 'd prefer not to see the eu shrink back to 12 , 9 or even 6 members . . 
  turkey is in nato . . you 'd think defence projects across members would be a good thing . 
  that said , you are broadly right . 
  the uk viewing the eu as a way to facilitate trade , rather than a way to create a state , or a really pushing hard on the integrationist and political project aspects is a reason the uk pushed for eu extension . . 
  you do realise that turkey is a nato member and an ally right ? 
  turkey has a responsibility to help the uk and indeed of the rest of the eu if they were to be attacked , and of course if turkey were to face an attack , romania , the uk and the rest of nato would be treaty bound to assist too . . erdo\u011fan is a bastard , but he wo n't be around forever , turkey will still be an ally once he 's gone . 
   i was hoping for a deal to be done ( ireland stands to lose a lot ) , but the british have a mandate to leave at any cost and the european 's want `` all or nothing '' . 
  its going to end badly . 
  if neither side is willing to concede on anything then yeah , it 'll be a bit of a shit show . 
  that said there are enough reasonably uncontentious areas where the uk and eu should have very few issues reaching an agreement and i get the impression a lot of the very hard positions are more pronouncements for domestic political consumption than they are as a clear outline of a negotiating position . 
  take the repetition of the europe ' \u00e0 la carte ' thing , there are various people on the eu side are very keen on pointing out that it 's not an option , yet at the same time you have hints of what the eu would like to see continue . 
  that does suggest a deal that does n't conform to some standard ( and lets face it , all eu membership is essentially ' \u00e0 la carte ' ...  only the british have the american president behind them ( trump has more power than any other president ) , and i honestly believe they could get enough business with other country 's to replace the eu entirely with or without america . 
  that seems quite unlikely , or rather , replacing a serious loss of of eu market access is simply not possible even with us backing . 
  even then it would n't be doable without some seriously massive change , and a large scale shift for uk industry . 
  the point there though is that the eu and uk do a lot of bilateral trade that is mutually beneficial , ensuring that is reasonably safe would go a long way to mitigating that as a problem in the first place , which leaves any additional , non-eu agreements as a potential net positive to the uk , at least in the long term . 
   time will tell . 
  indeed . 
   granted top products will still sell , they will just cost a lot more with import duty 's and resulting in far less overall sales . 
  that really depends on the schedule of import duties that the uk applies to eu goods , the uk does n't need to punish its own consumers after all ... eu tariffs on uk exports are probably easier to predict ( assuming no deal ) too , but obviously have an impact on uk goods vs eu goods prices in the eu . 
  all that said though , i 'd actually assume that the uk and eu end up with an agreement that limits tariffs on goods , if only because it 's counter to the eu 's interests not to . 
   i understand that it 's an economic necessity but i would have liked her to be a bit more critical . 
  whenever western leaders go to saudi arabia or china they do the human rights song and dance and both sides understand that they have to even if it 's basically just window dressing . 
  had she done that at least it would have sent a message that she 's not just rolling over for a bully . 
  the problem there is really that very little had changed by the time of the meeting , a lot of what trump has been talking about is just that , he reversed himself on torture in 24 hours , they both committed to nato etc. ... 
  it 's hard to criticise a country of policies it has n't implemented yet , not to mention that many of the most problematic aspects of a trump presidency are broadly internal issues for the us . 
   the papers gushing about how well they got on suggests to me that the narrative the media will go with is that trump is n't that bad when they should hold him to account . 
  i fully expect to see his abysmal approval ratings in the uk to change soon then . 
  some papers . . 
  the guardian and independent have n't exactly been gushing , nor has the telegraph or the times . . 
  i doubt that trump is going to become popular in the uk in many areas beyond possible the fringe right that also happens to support farage , but at the same time i think people are going to get a little sick of hearing he 's the worst person in the world at every turn , to the point that when he does do something monumentally stupid ( like the current entry ban ... ) it 'll just get swept up in the noise . . 
   it 's impossible to negotiate a new fta of such complexity in 2 years . 
  it is and it is n't , it depends on the scope . 
  in any case , the uk and eu are n't going to be negotiating an fta , we are negotiating an exit agreement , which as you point out could well include an interim agreement until the uk and eu can agree to an fta . 
   the danger here is that the intermediate agreement will continue indefinitely because the parties ca n't agree on a new fta . 
  which frankly is n't that much of a danger , not to mention you could also include sunset clauses that mean that rather than one large fta , the eu and uk essentially conclude a number of smaller agreements over a period . 
   so , in that sense there is not deadline for a new fta . 
  indeed , there is no deadline for an fta , only a deadline on the exit agreement . 
   well , they should n't stare at it for too long ... ;-) clearly they ran out of t , a national catastrophe . 
   there is no boiler plate agreement . 
  the add-ons to the ukraine association agreement would have to be negotiated first . 
  this is similar to negotiating a new trade agreement . 
  it wo n't be done in 2 years . 
  the longer the two sides haggle over the details , the longer it 'll take . 
  the problem is that the media and various other people want to have an equivalent agreement to attach to the uk/eu deal , in reality that is n't going to happen . 
  the uk and eu have a very close and mutually beneficial relationship in lots of areas that other states do n't so any deal is going to have to take that into account , not to mention that even if you take all the differences between the two , you still end up with more in common than not ( at least at the moment ) . 
  trying to find some deal as a model simply is n't going to work , the uk and eu are indeed going to have to find a new way forward , and that may well take some time , but we do have a deadline ...  but i thing all of this was obvious from the beginning . 
  i thing so to . 
   well may kowtowing to the orange utan certainly has cemented that particular narrative so i would n't say it 's just farage . 
  the thing is , that narrative started well before she went to the us , it 's self fulfilling at the moment , and kowtowing seems to mean that she acknowledges that the uk is going to have to deal with the us with trump as president . 
  i realise that a lot of people would prefer she simply screamed obscenities at him , but i do n't quite understands where that gets us . . you do n't have to like someone or agree with them to have a working relationship , the eu , uk and almost every state on the planet has working relationships with governments they do n't like , and indeed governments that are n't democratic , or are abusive or are just objectionable in some other way , now i 'd prefer if the us did n't fall into that category , but if it does , we still have to work together on certain issues , we still have to try and move forward . . 
  so just to be clear , a deal that grants the uk substantial market access , including financial services , keeps it out of the political project , does n't require adherence to eu law , removes freedom of movement entirely and leaves the uk open to making its own trade agreements and setting tariffs outside of the customs union ? 
  i 'm sure the uk 's negotiators would see that as a pleasant staring position ... 
   or maybe it is and i 'm just wrong . 
  i 'd argue that you are wrong generally . 
  there has been a weird conflation between the leave vote and trump which is tenuous at best ( although we can thank farage for being the visible face of the leave referendum and being a bit of a knob in regards to his support for trump . . ) . 
  there also seems to be an increase in the narrative that that the uk , by leaving the eu is now hostile to the eu generally ( rather than seeing it as something it does n't want to be part of . . ) . 
  that seems in turn to lead people to put the uk , the us and russia into a grouping that is now an ` enemy ' of the us ( and some people would include china too . . ) . 
  it 's an oversimplification , and i think a dangerous one . 
  when you start looking for enemies rather than looking at the issues , you miss what is really going wrong ( that 's true when it comes to immigration in the uk , or the refugee crisis in the eu , or indeed outsourcing in the us . . ) . 
  but it 's a simpler message and much easier to sell . . 
   i give it 2 years for the uk to leave and trade to stop why on earth would trade between the uk and germany stop after the uk leaves the eu ? 
   note how he says france should leave the european treaties yet pursue a policy of cooperation with its european neighbours . 
  sounds schizophrenic ? 
  there is n't really a contradiction there . 
  change to the eu treaties , or even leaving the eu entirely does n't suggest a refusal to cooperate within europe , it suggests a change in that cooperation and the institutional basis for that cooperation . 
  to be fair , you can be a pro-remain eurosceptic . . 
  it 's not entirely without ambiguity . 
   does n't this vary a lot from country to country though ? 
  i remember we passed the eu constitution by like 80-20 back in the day ( albeit under abysmal turnout ) , while others rejected it 60-40 . 
  could a hypothetical reform be done in an opt-in basis ? 
  it does and yes , you could probably do it on an opt in basis . 
  the problem you have then though is further fracturing of the eu along the lines of the level of integration . 
  the big one at the moment is the fracture between eurozone and non-eurozone members , if you split the eurozone in some way between those included in fiscal union and those not ( which is possible , but would create additional problems ... ) you 'd end up with more splits , more need to separate decision making and something akin to diversion . 
  you can repeat that across other things , like say a common army or indeed along the lines where there are current opt outs ( schengen , policing etc. . ) . 
  a two speed europe might work ( with a mechanism for those countries on the slower track moving onto the inside track later . . ) but three or more might mean a more damaging situation than not . 
  especially if countries decide to reverse integration in some areas rather than integrate further . . 
  there are lots of disturbing sayings about beating women generally ( and kids for tha tmatter , ` spare the rod , spoil the child ' ... ) . 
  it really should n't be all that surprising . 
  the question is really about how well those out of date positions have been erased from actual life . . : ( i have n't quite got time to translate the below , but it gies you an indication . . ) . 
   i 'm curious to see how trumps ' presidency will evolve the next 2 years . 
  and here i am concerned about what he 'll do next week . . not sure i have the stomach to even think where it might be in 2 years . 
   why would it be easier to explain that the majority of the uk want to destroy the eu rather than explaining that a majority merely wanted to leave it ? 
  because if it is a hostile external enemy trying to damage the eu then you can ignore the problems that are at the heart of the actual dissent . 
  if you have to look at the issues that people have , the lack of a connection , the failings of eu institutions and so on it becomes much harder , because you have to do something other than bluster . 
  if you look at the project as a whole , you also have a problem , someone wanting to destroy it means you can justify whatever you 'd like to do as strengthening or protecting the eu , if however you instead have someone leaving because they do n't like the direction , you might have to address the direction being taken ( which might lead others to consider whether they agree with it or not ) . 
  it 's easier to claim that someone is wrong , or should n't be listened to because they are an enemy , a member of a shadowy cabal bent on destruction . . 
  i mean why would you listen to the grievances of someone who is out to hurt you ? 
   as to which powerful politicians want that , i 'm not sure . 
  is bojo a powerful politician , or is he too stupid for that ? 
  bojo is now ( as foreign secretary ) but i have n't seen anyone suggest that he wants the eu to be destroyed ( maybe i missed it , he can go a bit odd at times . . ) and of course before being foreign secretary he was n't a terribly powerful figure either . 
  amusingly i suppose you could claim that corbyn is one of the more powerful traditionally euro-sceptic politicians in the uk right now , but he campaigned to remain ...
