  to be fair , it also wanted out of a political union that did n't fit well , so the rationalisations are n't that far removed, 
  presumably , that 's going to court at the moment , i ca n't see them saying anything different though . . 
   i agree but in my opinion is the right desicion for the eu population to decide in this way . 
  quite possibly , but that argument has to be made to people in europe , and at the moment , it really is n't , largely because it would boost euroscepticism and create more opposition than already exists . .  imagine eu to fucntion like a real state with its own army . 
  yeah . . 
  i see that as a bit of a problem , although less so now that the uk is leaving , and i do think closer integration is likely and probably necessary . 
   im just citting some arguments that merkel thinks too . 
  sort of , based on what has been said in public she is certainly for further integration , but the detail there falls quite a long way short . 
  i agree , but again , that 's just the way it is . . scotland has a route to independence and catalonia basically does n't ( in terms of self determination anyway . . ) , it makes a udi from scotland less justifiable ( unless things change significantly . . ) and more justifiable for catalonia . 
   in this period of world history eu should function like a federal state due to certain type of threats . 
  that should really be up to the people who make up the eu , and frankly it does n't seem that popular an option . . 
  i suppose the difference between scotland and catalonia is that for scotland there is a political process that can lead to independence , we have seen one referendum and there is likely going to be another at some point ( and indeed probably another one at some time after that if there continues to be support etc. . ) , catalonia on the other hand does n't , which you could argue justifies a push for a udi given the lack of alternatives . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  key point : ** `` we reaffirm our commitment to the un-approved principles for a palestinian-israeli settlement , which include the status of east jerusalem as the capital of the future palestinian state , '' the ministry said . 
  `` at the same time , we must state that in this context we view west jerusalem as the capital of israel . 
  '' * v * moscow 's announcement comes as the new u.s. administration is considering moving the u.s. embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem , thereby recognizing the city as israel 's capital . 
  * * israel declared jerusalem its capital in 1950 , but russia is the first nation to recognize it as such , according to the jerusalem post . 
   as long as the anglosphere media is capable of portraying the euro as a project bound to fail because of political uncertainties in one of its members states , the euro will not achieve its full potential as a global reserve currency , to the detriment of all members . 
  to be fair , the eu is currently talking about requiring euro clearing to be carried out within the eurozone , that would also make it an anomaly and unhelpful in terms of global reputation for the euro and potentially has an impact on its role as a global reserve currency . . 
  in short , it 's not just a media issue . 
  that said , the chances of le pen winning in france are incredibly small , and the chances of france leaving the eu and/or the euro , even with le pen are small too ( given the damage that could do very quickly to france , never mind the rest of the continent . . ) . 
  we 'll see what happens , but the whole frexit scenario seems remarkably unlikely , even if the level of support for le pen is a little alarming in that context . 
  that 's how i read it too ... 
  it might be ( although i ca n't see ukraine joining any time soon . . ) , at which point they will have to balance the benefits of joining with the costs like any other member though . 
  it 's visa free travel not free movement so it should n't have any impact on immigration or indeed create brain drain . 
  presumably as long as they can get a passport , but if you can identify them at the border you can always refuse entry . . 
  it 's a little bizarre because the uk has additional requirements to the eu and has traditionally had stronger restrictions ( at least in part because of things like rabies being more common in some eu countries and , the pet passport schemes extend beyond the eu too ... ), 
  ah , indeed . 
  wondering when we hit peak ` if ' on brexit ... 
  in terms of ` fake news ' or rather a prevalent meme that is n't based on reality , this has to rank up there . . 
  the us has troops in eastern europe , it 's currently building up troop numbers in europe rather after a significant period of reductions and it is doing so because of the perceived threat from russia . . 
  the us has made a lot of negative noises of late over funding , but it has also reaffirmed its commitment to nato . 
  that applies to the rest of nato too , not one member has suggested it wants to cease cooperation , nato has run and is running fairly major exercises , nato members continue to inter-operate and share information ... and your take on it is that nato is dead and that there is no way ` trump ' would help e.g. 
  eastern european countries . 
  i 'm sure russia is well pleased by the notion that people believe it , and would love to see it become a reality , but it is n't . 
  so what do we do ? 
  suggest that the current tory government puts in place a regulatory system , give them the power to decide which newspaper are allowed to publish and which not ? 
   but regulation is far overdue . 
  and regulation is hard to get right , especially statutory regulation ( because again , you essentially put the government in a rather interesting position in terms of power over the media . . ) . 
  they are tabloids . . 
  it 's expected . 
  the idea of actually banning people from publishing is incredibly problematic though . . 
  i mean by all means take them to court when they lie about something etc. . but banning a paper , regardless of how shit it is , is disproportionate and dangerous . 
   allowing something to spread lies for decades , especially not the hate-filled ones the likes of the sun publish , is generally not a good idea . 
  and preventing someone from being able to publish whatever bollocks they want is generally a bad idea too . 
  we have libel laws , anti-hate speech legislation , decent courts and more importantly , lots of other papers and media channels , that should be enough , banning newspapers is a quick way to end up with far bigger issues than some shoddy press . 
  that 'd be nice too , but do n't hold your breath . . 
  banning newspapers is generally not a good idea , even if they are shite . 
  beyond shocking , it 's vomit inducing . . 
  i should say that they are mostly in somewhat more neutral livery ( [ more like this ] ( http://www.goyorkshire.com/app/cache/images/stagecoach%20supertram-iopts-1000x600-cropped-scaled.jpg ) ) with a few with specific paint jobs like this one . . 
  and abonus - [ metrolink tram in manchester . . ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajehals/32897470036/in/dateposted-public/ ), 
   currently 60 % of uk trade is under eu treaties , either directly with the single market or via eu trade deals with third parties . 
  indeed , that 's because competency to make trade deals currently rests with the eu . 
   while the uk can engage in informal talks any time it likes , it wo n't be possible to work out the details of any fta until the future trade relationship with the eu has been determined . 
  it 'd be a factor , but the real barrier is that the eu currently still holds the relevant competencies , and will until there is either an agreement between the uk and eu on how to move forward in the interim or indeed the uk leaves . 
   and even after that , the relationship with the single market will have an impact on uk trade with third parties . 
  that depends on the relationship . 
  outside of the single market and the customs union whatever origin rules the uk and eu agree on will be relevant , but the eu wo n't be setting uk tariffs . . 
  the eu obviously will be responsible for any tariffs that apply to the uk for uk/eu trade , but the uk is n't about to hand over tariff setting beyond what the wto agreements are to the eu . 
   that would preclude a close relationship with the single market because the eu would have to protect itself against dumping through the backdoor . 
  right . . and that applies to any country that the eu trades with . 
  yeah , the barrier there will be that our exit and transitional terms will have an impact on any deals anyway , sufficient to cause some issues at the very least . 
  discussions and preparatory work seem sensible and somewhat inevitable . . 
  the uk/eu deal and transition are going to be pretty important in that regard and i 'd sort of assume that the uk will be talking there too , well before the exit deal is final , but i suppose we 'll see . 
  apart from the somewhat amusing musing of using raf akrotir and in flight refuelling to increase the time over target for air strikes against spain ^ ^ 1 , this should hopefully go some way of killing the idea that spain is going to do anything aggressive one way or another . 
  the issue of gibralter in the context of the uk leaving the eu is a diplomatic one , no-one is going to be starting any wars . . ^ ^ 1 fta : * `` if we really wanted to do something , we have got raf akrotiri in cyprus , and there would be no problem flying from the uk because it is closer , and you could refuel in the air to give you more time over the target . '' *, 
   but that does n't mean we ca n't rejoin the single market at some point which is basically what we had just without the political institutions . 
  that 'd certainly be easier , be interesting to see how it would go down . 
  [ i 'll just take a moment to channel a stereotype ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/v8yeo ), 
   why is he so sure ? 
  give it a few years and demographics suggest there would be a pro-eu majority . 
  of course a lot can happen over the next few years , but he 's way too arrogant considering how close it was . 
  it 's an opinion on his part , putting aside that he 's a bit of a dick , he 's probably right . 
  i doubt the demographic shift are going to guarantee anything , there is more support for the eu amongst younger people , but i doubt that that is an entirely ` sticky ' political view . 
  then we have the issue of joining being a different argument to remaining , there was a lot of soft support on both sides of the argument , but i do n't think even half the remain vote would push to join the eu , potentially under quite different circumstances in the near future . 
  and if hungary breaches eu rules , then there are sanctions that can be applied . . that is n't the same as not being allowed to be critical , or to present any given policy . . 
   it would be like kicking out a catholic priest who claims god is evil . 
  i was n't aware that eu membership required blind adherence to any particular dogma . . 
  surely if hungary , has a different view of what the eu should be ( whether you , i or anyone else agrees with that or not ) then they have every right to push for that view . . 
  it 's a union of sovereign states after all , not a religion . 
   any tory prime minister would . 
  i 'm pretty sure any prime minister would , or they would very , very quickly cease to be prime minister . 
  the problem there is that talking about how shitty the club is , is n't grounds for being kicked out in this case , and frankly it 'd be a bit alarming if it were . 
  i 'm just appreciating that at this moment the top comment and the bottom comment are both brits offering opposite sentiments . 
  always nice to be able to be happy and embarrassed in equal measure . 
  again , hungary is an eu member now though , the political views of eu members are relevant to the eu in terms of how the eu looks out for their interests and indeed how the eu continues to develop . 
  it 's not as though the eu is on any particular path , a rise of right wing parties within the eu would shunt the eus political direction as much as the rise of further left parties , or green parties would ... 
  i 'll grant that the issues around russia , especially at the moment are pretty concerning , but again hungary is a member of the eu , and as long as it remains democratic there is n't a lot anyone can do about that . 
  right ... 
  but we are all aware that governments change , and that people get to vote for them right ? 
  it does n't change the responsibilities that the eu and hungary have toward each other . 
   eu membership is both a carrot and a stick , hungary gets billions in eu funds while constantly trying to sabotage the eu . 
  eu membership is eu membership , it means being in the club , having a say in how it works and abiding by the rules . 
  it is n't a tool for some countries to manage how others work . . hungary does get billions in eu funds ( around 5.5 bn in fact . . ) but that does n't mean it ca n't press its interests within the eu , funding does n't buy the eu the country . .  hungary currently has a parasitical relationship to the eu , one party gains ( hungary ) while the other is harmed ( eu ) in the process . 
  if that were the case , surely the issue was allowing hungary into the eu then , now that it is in the eu , presumably on the basis that membership would be mutually beneficial , it 's a bit rich to call the relationship parasitical . 
  surely hungary has every right to put forward it 's views and act on them , even if that does n't match the current consensus elsewhere ...  i believe that if you aid and directly further the agenda of a power that seeks to destroy the eu from within you can no longer be considered to have the best interest of the greater union in mind , at some point it makes sense to cut the leash . 
  and we are back to leashes again ... 
   while hungary is n't an enemy of the eu like russia is , it is n't a friend either it 's a member for christ sake . . 
  it is part of the eu , not some external element that can be deemed friendly or hostile .
