  most of everyone 's economy is in services . 
  the bulk of that is n't relevant to exports . 
  however , the uk is very good at exporting services , now there is an issue there already ( in that the single market in services is n't complete ) but also some positives coming up in the future in terms of the reforms that the eu is putting in place in some areas of services . 
  in short , this is good . 
  it does mean that it makes an eu/uk agreement easier . 
  actually the reverse might be true , it would mean that the eu and uk end up negotiating an fta that is within the competencies of the eu , rather than one that is more complex and mixed . 
  that should be faster and easier to manage , with less scope for objections from eu members . 
  arguably yes , because it means that a simpler trade agreement , one that is within the eu competencies , rather than something that pushes those boundaries is more likely . 
  yup , i think that 'd be both the most popular in scotland , would sidestep the issues around the loss of uk opt-outs and satisfy the single market questions . 
  and the uk & ireland are n't part of the schengen visa so literally nothing changes . 
  that said , i would n't be surprised if one of the uk tabloids decides to have a hissy fit anyway . . 
  the speculation on the impact of this ruling on brexit would be a little more convincing if the uk did n't essentially already hold the same position . 
  the rights and well-being of a child have to be protected first when it comes to immigration matters , so if you are a child with the right to live in the uk , the uk ca n't deport a parent if it would have a negative impact on the child ( which it would , especially in a case where the parents have split up . . ) . 
  so it would n't be a matter of ecj jurisdiction , but the rulings that we have already seen in uk courts . 
   the uk economy is known for its heavy service-orientation . 
  the uk is good at exporting services so there is more exposure there ( although it is a global exporter ) , almost every major eu country is heavily service orientated , but the bulk of that ( and this is true for the uk ) is domestic . 
  hairdressers , restaurants and the vast majority of uk service firms do n't export . 
  the same goes for germany , france , italy and spain . 
  and as / u/trucidator mentions below , gats is part of the wto framework , something that eu countries rely on for their own service exports to countries that the eu does n't have a comprehensive fta that also covers services , so most of them . . 
   traditional taxi companies are non-competitive in the modern , technology-assisted world . . why ? 
  my local ` traditional ' taxi company ( well , the one i like best , there are a few , they all seem to have an app now . . ) has been online for a long time , has an app , allows me to see where my driver is , pay by card or account , book taxis for airport runs or other things in advance , has an open fare listing ... what am i missing ? 
  the issue is that in some parts of , notably the us , taxi firms have essentially got massive regulatory protection , which means they have n't needed to adapt . 
  where that is n't true ( it 's relatively inexpensive to get a taxi license in the uk and get authorisation from a local council , which then allows you to carry out private hire work anywhere in the country . . ) uber is n't offering a unique service or forcing competition . 
  the issue then is that uber is n't playing by the rules and undercutting the competition and using it 's size to squeeze out rivals . 
  that 's certainly not something for customers to celebrate . . 
  the problem as always is poor regulation vs reasonable regulation . 
  in terms of private hire , the uk seems to have fairly reasonable regulation , it does n't create significant barriers to entry , and the barriers that do exist are justifiable . 
  indeed uber follows the regulatory framework in place for private hire in the uk . 
  the problem is that uber seems to be claiming ( and i think uk courts rejected . . ) that their structure means that they do n't have the same obligations as a private hire firm , that operates in the same way . 
  clearly that is n't a case of regulation getting in the way , or being problematic , but rather a company trying to structure it 's way out of it 's obligations to it 's workforce . . we 've seen it before with contracted cleaners being shoved into self-employment contracting positions where it was n't justifiable , and there are whole slew of other areas where it is also a bit of a drama ( although not obviously being tackled by hmrc . . ) . 
  that distorts the level playing field and i 'd argue is broadly a bad thing . 
  i do n't know about you , but in terms of living in a society where the application of the law is broadly predictable , i 'd expect uber to face issues where it tries to create a false distinction that seems to exist purely to reduce their tax and compensation obligations . 
  they pretty much do that now . . 
  in the uk at least , uber drivers still need to meet the same , fairly low , requirements that any other private hire provider has to meet . 
  uber is neither significantly less expensive , or more convenient than any other cab service in that regard . 
  yet there seems to be an issue in how they think they should be taxed and what relationship they have with their drivers ( when compared to private hire firms that seem to have the same relationship uber does . . ) . 
  that 's not about dinosaur taxi drivers doing anything as much as it is uber trying to do what others are doing whilst not meeting some of their obligations . . 
   but what we have currently is the worse of both worlds . 
  the notion was that a crisis would force countries to see that they needed to hand over more control over monetary and fiscal policy to the eu where it would otherwise be politically almost impossible to do so . 
  that does n't seem to have happened . . 
   the uk need to realise that brexit means no influence over future pollicy , but that they still have to follow eu rule , if they want to be able to trade freely with the rest of the eu countries . 
  and the eu needs to realise that the level of free trade that the uk wants will very likely stop short of anything that requires eu rules to apply domestically in the uk . 
  of course the uk will have to abide by eu rules on exports to the eu and on activities in the eu , as it does when trading with any other country , that 's essentially normal behaviour ( and eu countries will have to abide by uk rules in their dealings in the uk . . ) . 
  the issue in the article is an obvious one , if the eu insists that citizens living in the u.k. are protected by eu law under the ecj then there is no reasonable way to come to an agreement . 
  the uk is n't going to be subject to eu law domestically and the uk is not going to give eu citizens additional recourse to a court outside of the uk , and agree to give it jurisdiction in the uk . 
  as someone else pointed out , it 's not like the eu , or eu member states are going to agree to protections under uk law , enforced by uk courts in their own countries for uk citizens . 
  it 's absolutely factually accurate , like every polandball . 
  i think the issue is that the voiceover is painful . . 
  broadly trade liberalisation has been a uk thing for a while now , reducing tariff barriers broadly and trying to find sensible ways to reduce non-tariff barriers without compromising standards . 
  so yeah , getting rid of tariffs will likely be a uk aim . 
  that makes sense for the uk , less so for some other eu countries . 
  you can see that in the approach the uk took to the chinese steel dumping and indeed if you read though the annexes to ceta if you want the eu position . 
   i 'm also curious on why a free trader consideres leaving the biggest free market in the world a good thing . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that the answer to that is the obvious one , being part of a group that is internally free , but considerably less free in it 's external dealings is n't the same as dealing as freely as possible with the rest of the world ( and the uk 's trade is pretty global . . ) . 
  if your telco promotes or dissuades you from using certain sites , it 's not a good thing , and i 'd argue a breach of net neutrality . 
  lets say your mobile provider lets you use google search for free , that might be great for you , but it 's shite for every other search provider , same for social media , twitter , email or whatever . 
  if you treat traffic differently because of it 's source or destination then you are creating an un-level playing field . 
   well i hope it evolves because it is n't working very well now . 
  i do too , but i do n't think it will ( i voted leave in the uk referendum at least in part because i did n't think the eu could become what i would want it to be , and instead was workign toward something i dind ' t like ... ) . 
   i just think there is n't an alternative model for the eu waiting to take its place . 
  there is n't a comprehensive model , but there are lots of structures that have existed and continue to work . 
  things like esa show that cooperation outside of the context of the eu works , nato is effective in bringing together european countries in the context of defence ( and there are a slew of bilateral agreements in europe too ) . 
  if rather than looking for one model that sits on top of europe and touches everything , you look at a looser framework , then we do have several models to choose from and lots of potential to drive forward where there is consensus amongst fewer states , rather than trying to drive everything forward as a group of 27 . 
   its a false hope of some eu-skeptics to suggest that starting again with a looser arrangement is going to work . 
  i suppose the point is n't so much starting again , as it is looking pragmatically for solutions to problems . 
  if the eu is n't in a position to solve an issue , there is no reason why a different approach ca n't be taken . 
   i do n't pretend to have all the answers to resolve the tensions in the eu but for now i 'm staying against much deeper integration , because the biggest mistakes can often be made in reaction to big failures like brexit . 
  it could be further integration or a two speed approach actually makes things worse . 
  yeah , i do n't disagree . 
  pushing reform in a crisis , or something quite close to one , does n't mean you get the best reform , usually it means you get a kludge that just about addresses the visible issues . .  one thing i 'm pretty sure of , the eu needs some big wins to capture the imagination of the citizenry again . 
  single issue consensus projects that move fast and deliver benefits to people . 
  a few of those and things will quickly look more positive all around . 
  indeed , an eu driven by its citizens would be quite an interesting beast . 
   european cooperation is n't available in different flavours though . 
  yes . . 
  it is . 
  the eu cooperates with non-eu european countries , and even within the eu there are differing levels of opt out in terms of cooperation and integration . 
  the idea that the eu is the be all and end all for every eu country , or that there is n't a better way , whether evolutionary or otherwise ( i.e. 
  starting from scratch . . ) is n't accurate . 
   many ( perhaps most ) of us staying in the eu are also not convinced about deeper integration . 
  the problem is that to support a lot of what the eu has started , it 's actually needed . 
  you ca n't have deeper common defence cooperation without deeper integration , the euro arguably needs deeper integration and the shifting of some core fiscal responsibilities to the eu level , the same goes for things like immigration , and that 's only the really contentious issues currently . 
  either the eu frameworks have to change quite a lot for things to work , or there need to be more competing frameworks that allow countries to find the best mechanism for cooperation in different areas . 
  the attempt to create a monolithic approach with everything being in the context of the eu might not be the best one . 
  i mean , i realise that the level of credible discourse on that sub is essentially nil , but still . 
   people all over europe have decided that cooperation & unity are too difficult , so they let themselves lose . 
  or that the eu is n't the last word on cooperation & unity . 
  cooperation and unity are possible without the eu , with a different eu and within the current eu , the question really is about what you are willing to accept and what your idea of european unity and cooperation is . 
  brexit did n't show that people are cowards , it 's an expression that the eu in its current form is n't right for everyone . 
  most people on the leave side , including the current government are entirely in favour of cooperation , they draw the line at deep integration , and that 's not unreasonable at all . 
  it may be unsurprising , as expected and undramatic , but i think most of us can live with that !, 
  i 'd say well done france , but it 's your democracy !, 
  wait ... you are upset at reporting on eu regulations because they could cause disdain toward the eu ? 
  surely the media questioning the need for , or the appropriateness of regulations is a good thing !, 
  wait ... 
  the [ documentary i saw ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034314/ ) suggested it was nazi 's ... 
   mmmm ... have any of us ever invaded kazakhstan ? 
  i think during the crimean war . 
  tajikistan , kyrgyzstan and uzbekistan would all work though . 
   yeah , it was pretty awkward because he clearly only speaks english ( i mean , he does n't speak any second language ) .
