  if that were the case the vietcong would n't have stalemated the us . 
  agreed !, 
  i think this is one of the huge issues with the eu argument at the moment , this notion that if countries club together then that is enough somehow to compete with the likes of the us and china ... 
  it is n't , and i think the uk has a far clearer grasp of that than many others . 
   that is very true , in part because of commonwealth and usa and being a big member of eu . 
  but the global leaders have been usa first , and eu influence increasing . 
  now china is a major player . 
  it 's true and it 's because the uk has been around for a long time , has good relationships with a huge number of countries , has military and diplomatic ties through a whole slew of organisations and because the uk is a big market and internationally orientated . . that is n't going to change . 
  the uk is n't going to be a global superpower , i know that , the uk knows that . 
  but then the eu is n't either , it might be the worlds second or third largest trading block but i ca n't see it going much further than that any time soon , and frankly that does n't give the uk more influence , it just subsumes it into another body . .  usa has 18 trillion gdp and china has 11 , no eu country is very significant in that context , uk has 2.8 trillion gdp while germany has 3.5 , and that 's with 20 % fewer work hours . 
  france is not that far behind uk either . 
  the uk , france and germany are all significant enough economies on their own . 
  they are n't the top two economies , but they are globally significant . . 
  i mean , the eu is n't going to be larger than the us or china , the chances are that the eu will decline in size proportionally . . 
  does that mean that the eu will lose significance relative to its current position ? 
  i mean , it might , but it does n't have to . 
  arguably the eu has a lot more room to improve in that area than the uk has . . 
  but again , uk influence globally outside of the eu ca n't be compared to the eus combined influence , it 'd just be the uks influence on the eu , and then the proportion of that globally . . 
  in that context the uk is probably better off outside of the eu in terms of being able to act for itself globally . 
   but more importantly china india and russia all have greater growth potential , likely pushing uk economic significance further down the ladder , even if uk manages way better than eu . 
  both have more potential than the eu . 
  so do india , brazil , nigeria and a host of other states with large populations and potential . 
  that may reduce the uks economic importance or global influence or it may not ... 
  the uk having a good relationship with china , or close ties with nigeria or whatever , as the global economy changes will mean that the uk retains influence . . 
  personally i think that what you are suggesting is probably inevitable to some extent , but far from clear cut and it wo n't be a rapid change . .  uk may be able to look out for their own interests more , but on the larger scale , only to the extend that others let them . 
  of course not because anybody forces uk to anything , but because they too are looking out for their own interests . 
  when uk stands alone , they are by default at a weaker position . 
  the uk would either be looking out for its own interests or be part of a bloc that only looks out for some of its interests . . that 's the balance . 
   that 's a crucial misunderstanding , anything that has any impact on trade with eu will influence trade agreements between eu and uk . 
  if uk decides things that are poorly compatible with eu , it will hurt uk trade with eu . 
  which is the same with any trade agreement ever . . 
  the difference is that the uk wo n't have to take into account 27 other nations when it comes to regulating and managing its own internal markets , nor will it be beholden to them on its external trade . 
  yes the eu is an important trading partner and that will always be taken into account when it comes to uk/eu trade , but outside of the single market i ca n't see the eu exerting a significant restraining influence on the uk , after all , that 's why the uk is leaving the eu . 
   eu will not change things at the whim of uk , because they are agreements between a lot of countries , but uk will have to maintain compatibility with eu just to maintain already established trade connections . 
  the uk will have to maintain compatibility on standards to the degree that it is negotiated , it wo n't have to apply regulations or any of the social , political or legal frameworks when it comes to goods . 
  and on services , well the eu has failed repeatedly to pull together the single market on services , so there are arguably fewer issues there ( bar passporting , but then eu countries will want access to the uk , and they are hardly going to lock themselves out of global markets . . ) . 
  in a global perspective no country is entirely free to do as they please . 
  not even usa or china or even eu in unity . 
  everybody needs to make concessions , for uk those concessions will be made under different terms , but more likely than not , it will not be for the better for uk . 
  i agree that everyone will and needs to make concessions , but i think the eus approaches are wrong for the uk and that the uk will be better able to manage its relationships and interests outside of the eu . 
  yes ... 
  but the uk has and will continue to pay with actual money . . 
   yeah but it 's absolutely not true . 
  how is the uk supposed to project power globally without the eu ? 
  erm ... by being a top 10 global exporter , the 5th largest economy on the planet , a member of the unsc and a country already massively engaged globally ? 
  not to mention by being a decent military power ( nuclear power at that . . ) with things like the ability to globally project hard and soft power . .  also this was n't what the vote was about at all . 
  it was an isolationist ` britain first ' campaign . 
  international power played about as much of a role as it does in trump 's campaign . 
  no it was n't !, 
  there were lots of different views , but the only people claiming that the leave position was isolationist was the remain campaign . 
  the argument has always been partly about the uk regaining control of its international trade , and broadening its relationships . 
  not about isolationism . 
   of course not though i think trade between us is going to reduce significantly . 
  i very much doubt it will decrease significantly just because of the uk leaving the eu , even without a decent agreement in place . 
  to be honest , i 'd assume it wo n't see much change at all because the eu is going to work to protect it 's larger exporters , and a very large amount of intra-eu trade is about to become external trade . 
   for a few reasons :  the new gbp : euro exchange rate ( if it stays ) . 
  probably not , if you look at the trade stats for periods where we have been at a similar exchange rate ( so , 2013 . . ) the uk and germany did n't see a significant contraction in trade ( in fact last time the pound was at around 1.17 euros the uk overtook france as germany 's largest trading partner . .  possible tariffs being introduced on trade with germany . 
  that 's possible , but they would likely be small , in fact both the uk and germany will be working hard to minimise tariffs once the uk leaves the eu . 
  even if tariffs were introduced it 'd likely have a small impact on a small component of uk/german trade , so the impact would n't be significant . 
   possible tariffs being removed for other large manufacturing countries . 
  again possible , but not likely to have a massive impact on uk/german trade . 
  obviously the hope is that non-eu trade grows on the back of leaving the eu , but the idea is that eu trade stays at current levels too . .  toxic brexit negotiations stirring up anti eu consumerism , aggravated by certain uk `` newspapers '' . 
  that 's probably the most problematic issues in this set , because it relies on people being rational . 
  that said , i do n't know how many people are going to care . 
  eu funding is n't the same as eu trade though , and the eu dones ' t actually have that much it has to spend money on . 
  obviouslty with the uk leaving the eu either has to reign in its spending by a bit , or increase contributions , but we are talking about a tiny proportion of eu member states public spending ... oh , and to be clear , the uk is n't going to stop trading with germany , and given the uk is n't in the eurozone i do n't quite see how the above is relevant to that relationship . 
  no-one is going bankrupt over brexit , but the eu is going to have to adapt . . 
   uk is probably in for a rough wakeup call . 
  although eu treats uk fairly , that 's not what they are looking for . 
  uk is looking to freewheel , and believe they can have greater influence in eu and the world outside eu than inside . 
  the uk is well aware that it will have less influence on the eu if it leaves , the point is that the uk leaving will mean it is no longer part of that political union , the uk will lose influence in the eu and the eu will lose influence over the uk . 
  the aim for the uk will likely be to look globally rather than regionally , and that is only possible outside of the eu . 
  that is n't a bad thing , and its not unreasonable . 
   it is very doubtful uk will be allowed any freewheeling i do n't quite understand what you mean by ` allowed ' in that context . 
  the uk will be able to follow whatever policies it wants , if it wants them to work it will have to take into account the reactions of its trading partners , but it will have a lot more scope to trade on its own terms outside of the eu than in it . 
   and unless they manage to boost their economy their influence will become less rather than more , unless they get a lot more help from usa or can strengthen commonwealth cooperation . 
  the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world , it has a disproportionate influence globally at present , whilst the eu ( and many large eu states . . ) seem to manage to punch below their weight . 
  i do n't see the uk losing influence on leaving the eu , after all , as an eu member it ' influence was diluted in those areas where power had been delegated to the eu . .  the only thing that is certain for uk is that a lot of people will have to do a lot of work internationally , just to recover uks position before brexit . 
  the uk will have to do a lot of work internationally to improve its position , but it is n't going to lose a lot internationally by leaving the eu , quite the reverse , the uk is going to be in a position where it can exercise those prerogatives currently sat with the eu , but without having to take into account the views of 27 other states . . 
  that 's not going to happen . . 
  depending on how it 's handled there could be issues , but the eu is n't going bankrupt over the uk leaving . 
  it 's the guardian 's ` comment is free ' section and by ` joris luyendijk ' so the direction is understandable , but even with that in mind , there are some real issues with the analysis . 
  the bit that stood out for me was the discussion around political support for the eu . 
  now i do n't think there are going to be a slew of countries looking to leave the eu , but that does ' t mean that there is n't an issue that the eu needs to address . . 
  the paragraph on the netherlands is particularly amusing : `` meanwhile in the netherlands , the country often held up by brexiteers as the next to leave , all major parties say they want to reform rather than leave the eu . 
  it is only geert wilders ' pvv party that actually wants an exit . 
  he currently polls at just under 20 % . '', 
  in the uk all the major parties wanted reform , the only party with an outright commitment to leaving the eu only managed 12 % of the vote and had one seat in parliament after the last election ... 
  if 20 % of people are voting for a party that fundamentally objects to the regional project you are engaged in , you might have an issue . . 
  but the claim about realism really sticks out , firstly , the uk leaving the eu is a massive issue for the eu . 
  it does n't have to be a crisis , it does n't have to be a bad thing , but it 's a massive issue it will change the eu . 
  and lets face it , the claim about solidarity is almost funny in the context of brexit :  where brexiteers continue to indulge in narcissistic fantasies about getting the best of all worlds from the eu while making britain a world power again , juncker struck a very different tone . 
  insisting that `` solidarity is the glue that holds the union together '' . . 
  i 'd argue that solidarity is missing from the eu at present , we 've seen that with greece with the splits over the migrant crisis and with brexit itself , after all the eu losing 8 % of it 's population , 15 % of it 's gdp is n't an indication that solidarity is the glue holding the union together . . after all , the eu is losing a member because the people in it think they 'd be better off outside of the eu ... 
  i hope the eu does well , but damn , there has to be a realisation that there are issues and that they do need addressing , whether that is a multi-speed approach , federalisation of the whole thing , or a smaller core-eu thing . . 
  ignoring the issues and pretending that brexit is n't happening , or that it does n't matter or that one side or the other can ` win ' without doing a lot of harm on both sides is n't going to help . 
  to which he might have added : `` and that is true with or without britain . '', 
   yet your press does n't use quotation marks firstly , yes they do , and secondly the use of ` human rights violations ' in quotes seems reasonable given the court ruling does n't use the term . 
  this is n't some dig at the echr ... 
  this appears to be about the provision of ` national ' dns , not about a firewall . . or am i missing something ?
