  it 'd arguably be a continuation of the korean war rather than a nato commitment . 
  exactly right, 
   well it 's either that or hard border in ireland , if that 's so important for ireland , the uk will oblige right ? 
  why is that or a hard border ? 
  again , the eu ca n't force ireland to put up a hard border , neither the uk nor ireland want one so it 's not going to happen , and the uk is n't going to give the eu the power to determine how it manages internal borders between different parts of the same country . .  what the eu can do is set up borders agains ' t the whole ireland . 
  ireland is n't in schengen , it has borders with the rest of the eu . .  the uk is weaker than ever , it 's the perfect time to make a move toward the reunification . 
  yeah , that 'll happen when people in northern ireland and ireland want it , and that does n't look like any time soon . 
  about the only thing you 'd achieve with your suggestions is anger in both the unionist and republican camps in northern ireland , and piss off the irish government and people whilst you are at it . 
  and it still wo n't happen . 
  the uk is n't likely to agree to an internal border either though is it ? 
  and the eu really ca n't push that either . 
  it 's not an eu colony either , the eu only has so much control it can leverage and it can only do whatever ireland agrees to . 
  at the moment both ireland and the uk seem pretty keen on keeping that border as open as possible . 
  it 's not like the eu are going to ( or even could . . ) put up a border on ireland 's behalf . 
  depends on the deal really . . 
   can you imagine how nobody cares on the continent about what 's going on in northern ireland ? 
  the times when the uk had a special treatment and favors from brussels are over , you 're a foreign nation now , you 'll get tarrifs , visas and custom control between yourself and everyone else in the eu . 
  this is n't just about the uk is it , it 's about ireland , an eu member last time i checked , who takes the same position as the uk and would see a border imposed on them as problematic . 
   what 's happening inside your country is n't our business anymore . 
  that 's fine , but this is about what happens to an eu member too , and who gets blamed for imposing a border , and indeed where the repercussions of that end up landing . 
  right wing violence seems to be at least as common , both in terms of the kind of street violence you are referencing ( although there seems to have been a bump in that since the election ) and the various attacks on planned parenthood , the charleston church shooting in 2015 , the attack on las vegas police officers , the overland park jewish community center shooting ) and the 2014 pennsylvania state police barracks attack , ( just looking at the last few years ) . 
  in short right wing violence and extremism seems pretty much alive and well in the us . 
  can you imagine the reaction ? 
  if the eu tried to ` force ' ireland to close and enforce a birder between it and the north ( which frankly i 'm not sure ireland would do even under significant pressure ) the eu would look like it was the one pushing for a much harsher partition of the island after a long period where there has been progress and cooperation . . 
  i just saw [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/music/0/eurovision-2017-listen-six-acts-hoping-sing-uk/ ) so . . yeah . 
  maybe we should send something special though , not sure what the rules are but surely we could get a group of top talent to go and sing a high tempo version of ode to joy or something , elton john on the piano , ed sheeran on the guitar , adele and sting doing the vocals . . maybe a hologram of bowie . . could do it like that ` perfect day ' thing that happened a few years ago . . 
   russian broadcaster channel one will not broadcast the eurovision song contest next month because the country 's competitor has been barred from host country ukraine . 
   the decision removes any chance of russia competing this year , the european broadcasting union ( ebu ) said . 
  any predictions on how the uk does this year ? 
   eu as a unified block is the only thing that can oppose us hegemony . 
  that 's a nice notion , and it 's true in a sense , but i do n't think the eu is even on a path in that direction yet . 
  the eu is n't even heading in the direction where the us , and us dominated groupings like nato are less important for european defence than the eu and frankly in the absence of the uk that seems less likely now than ever . 
  the eu is even further away from being able to challenge us interests or policy positions outside of the eu 's own borders , even when that applies to it 's immediate neighbours . 
  how do you see this going ? 
  the eu taking a first step toward superpower status might be interesting , but it 's be a very long road and i do n't think a lot of eu members would be on board for a lot of what would be required . 
  hell , even countries like china do n't seem keen on that and china is far more united and able to act as one entity than the eu is . 
   you are pretending that the rights of eu citizens in the uk suddenly end after brexit . 
  i do n't believe that is the case . 
  ultimately , what their future rights will be will depend on the negotiations their rights under the treaties end . 
  those resident in the uk will get whatever rights are agreed under the exit terms with the eu , and i hope that they are essentially drop in replacements for what they have now in the context of the eu . . my point however is n't that they wo n't have any rights , but that eu citizens currently are unclear what those rights will be . 
  as such some are quite sensibly looking to secure their position under existing uk law ( outside of the eu context ) now , so that regardless of the negotiation outcome , they will have the right to continue to reside and work in the uk etc. . 
  they may not need to do any of that , but at the moment some people are playing it safe and securing their position regardless of whether the uk and eu agree on something or not . 
   for the uk to preempt that negotiation by trying to create facts on the ground by a tough line against eu citizens is certainly not correct . 
  what is the uk preempting ? 
  if you 've lived in the uk for a certain amount of time legally , you can , under uk law ( and irrespective of eu agreements ) apply to have your status as a resident recognised , or even apply for citizenship etc. . that 's what these people are doing , the uk has n't changed anything , but people are using processes broadly intended for non-eu nationals to secure their future beyond the period where their rights are guaranteed under the current arrangements ... no-one is taking a particularly tough line against eu citizens , the processes being used and the responses being received are the same as those that would go to any person ( eu or non-eu ) applying for a specific immigration status . 
  to put it another way : an eu citizen currently in the uk , under the current arrangements does not have to apply for ilr to remain in the uk long term , someone on a visa would have to as they came to the end of their visa period . 
  if an eu citizen however decides to apply , because they are now concerned about what will happen when the uk leaves the eu , they will go through the same process as any other applicant . 
  the exception being that if an eu citizen is turned down , they wo n't have to leave the country ( because they have additional rights to remain that a visa holder likely does n't . . ) . 
  that process is not , and has never been particularly nice , it is bureaucratic , involves a lot of admin , and the burden of proof is on the applicant . 
  the point is that up until recently eu nationals have n't felt the need to go through the process of formally getting residency ( the same would be broadly true of applying for citizenship ) , but now they are doing so voluntarily , before the negotiations on status . 
  they are n't being discriminated against and the uk is n't taking a tough line on eu citizens , it 's just that the uk has always taken a bit of an arseholish approach to those applying for residency . . 
  the home office have always been a bit harsh when it comes people applying for residency and similar , eu citizens have n't had ( and still do n't have ) to , some are now doing it in anticipation of the uk leaving and it turns out the home office are still being a bit harsh . . 
  does that make more sense ? 
  * edit : by the by , this thread turned out to be a dupe , there is a link somewhere up the comment chain to the earlier , and still live submission *, 
  care to link to the other one ? 
  never mind , [ just seen it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/655887/uk_denies_residency_to_londonborn_children_of/?st=j1gkznbe&amp;sh=671eb1a9 ) * edit - asked the mods to mark this one as a dupe , so anyone wanting to continue this discussio should look at the other thread !, 
   immigrants from outside the eu are a different matter . 
  most people in the world do n't have a chance of ever emigrating to the west . 
  the point is that eu residents are currently applying for things they do n't actually need , under routes geared toward non-eu residents . 
  so it 's not really a different matter , it 's the same process . 
   we are talking about free movement in the eu , and that has n't suddenly changed after the referendum . 
  as long as the uk is part of the eu , eu citizens should n't have to worry about the rights they have always taken for granted . 
  they do n't have to , as long as the uk is in the eu . 
  the people in this article ( and the uk citizens in other eu countries . . ) are concerned about what happens when the uk leaves and they no longer have those rights . 
  nothing has changed yet for them , they are trying to secure their rights beyond the uk exit , and there is n't currently a process designed for that . 
  it 's not like they are being denied any of the treaty rights they are entitled to . 
   is it just incompetence on the part of the home office ? 
  or is there a directive from the top to make life hard for eu citizens ? 
  to be fair , it is n't even really incompetence , it 's essentially a hostile process . 
  you are responsible for meeting the requirements and proving them , if you do n't and are denied ( as in this case ) that is n't incompetence , it just is n't particularly helpful . 
   i ca n't of course tell , but i do n't believe that lower rank bureaucrats decide these things on their own . 
  the decisions are made by individual immigration officers based on the operational guidance that is derived from legislation , as far as i am aware ( and i know quite a few people who do that work at various levels , and a few immigration lawyers to boot . . ) there has n't been any specific directive to make life hard for eu citizens , and if there were , it would be massively problematic for the uk government and the government would lose in court ( and it would end up in court almost immediately ) . 
  the notion that the uk would punish eu migrants is frankly laughable and utterly without basis . 
  you 'd be better off looking at how other , non-eu nationals fare through the same process , i 'm willing to bet you wo n't find many differences ( bar possibly that those people will have kept records and understood what is required in advance , and in many cases will have hired someone to help them through the process ) . 
  no it does n't , but living in the uk legally for a length of time does , which is the issue these kids are running into . . 
  is anyone suggesting that it does ? 
  the article is about residency , not citizenship . 
  not really . . you do n't need citizenship for residency , and a huge number of eu citizens in the uk would qualify for ilr or residency without needing citizenship . 
  oh and those that do n't qualify for residency , likely wo n't qualify for citizenship anyway . 
  there are a lot of these , and i think it highlights just how aggressive the home office is when it comes to immigration , naturalisation and residency etc. . 
  which should be seen as problematic ( i mean yeah , have strict rules and apply them , but do n't be an arse about technicalities either , it should be reasonably to complete paperwork , have error 's queried and so on so that people with the right to something can get it , rather than just being rejected on essentially administrative grounds , especially since people are paying for the service . . ) . 
  that said , i think what this does highlight is that in the context of eu citizens , where none of this has really been relevant before , the government has n't put anything in place yet to deal with their special situation , and it should . 
  i mean granted , we do n't have any settlement on the issue of eu citizens in the uk or uk citizens in europe ( and that 's an issue for both the eu and the uk . . ) , but you 'd think people would have been able to think ahead a little bit . 
  it 's really quite shitty to see this happen when the rules seem to be in favour of the applicant , and the process is getting in the way . 
  what i will say is that i have seen issues in other eu countries ( germany and france as it happens ) , but more for non-eu citizens than eu citizens . 
  it 's just being focused on the uk at the moment because there are about to be a lot of people who have had no need to have any contact with government about their residency or status up until now , and often who have n't really been concerned about the rules that do exist and were n't particularly tightly enforced , having do to so now . 
  just for context , i had some friends who decided to go for german nationality fairly recently ( been in germany for a long time , have kids that went through german schools etc. . ) who had everything go through for half the family , but not the other half , and are now messing about , 6 months later trying to find out what has gone wrong and how to fix it ( something about different surnames being processed by different offices etc. . ) . 
  hope it gets sorted out here sharpish though . 
  i 'm not sure what 's lazy about that , just because you are entitled to citizenship does n't mean you have to apply for it , or that you 'd want to . 
  doubly so if there is no particular reason for going through the process , and paying to get an additional citizenship . 
  damn right . 
   the uk has opposed closer cooperation . 
  in the eu context yes . . that 's what i said . 
   it has n't been the only obstacle , but the most vocal and powerful opposing voice . 
  indeed , but it is n't alone and i doubt you 'll see significant changes from the other states that also see either nato , or other arrangements as a preferable option and the eu military as a risk . 
  yeah , mostly just more incoherence from trump that does n't really help with certainty at this point . 
  i 'd argue that some elements of the eu ( rather than europe in general ) has been looking to increase inter-eu military cooperation as a money saving approach and as a support to eu foreign policy . 
  the uk has n't opposed closer military cooperation ( in fact it has entered into bilateral defence agreements with other eu members ... ) it just does n't see an eu army , or the eu having a direct military component beyond the very minor one it has now . 
  it also is n't alone .
