  moreover , there is a feeling that the push to set aside non-tesla work , and essentially reduce the customer base is threatening the long term viability of grohmann , that again does n't really do anyone any favours in hiring ( germany being somewhere where people still generally look for a career with one employer , especially in this area ) . 
  that 's compounded by tesla 's takeover of grohmann having also led to the resignation of the founders of the company . . 
  essentially , the trust in the firm is , to a certain extent , shot . 
  now the tesla response is intended to head that off . 
  tesla are offering a raise , plus a share offer to cover one half of the issues , and the promise of no redundancies over the next 5 years to suggest stability , but in not engaging with the union musk is seen as making a major mistake in such a unionised area . 
  it 's worth noting that both the company works council and the union are n't happy with the offer and at the moment the issue seems to be that the offer of negotiations is being ignored by tesla . 
  if you look at the statements by the union , the current issue around strike action is around the fact that it could harm grohmann customers and employees given the wider situation . 
  they seem keen to avoid it , but if tesla do n't negotiate , they do n't seem to have a lot of options left , ignoring the company 's own works council and the union are n't great ways to expand those options either . . 
   the workers concerns were entitled but after elon musk addressed the issue with the letter above most of the workers canceled the plans to unionize . 
  which workers ? 
  unless i 've missed something , i 'm reasonably sure that the ones at grohmann engineering are already unionised and that one of the issues recently was pay at 30 % below the union rate . . 
   yeah believe what you want . 
  i 'll look at the situation and come to a conclusion based on what we know . 
  you can do that , or you can believe what you want . .  you will get a free-trade agreement and still be asked for your thoughts on every matters in brussels . 
  the uk will likely get an fta , it wo n't be asked for it 's thoughts on every matter that the eu discusses in brussels ... 
  it will however have influence given that the uk and eu still want to work together on issues of mutual interest . .  you just refuse to understand what everybody has been saying to you for the last 6 months . 
  and even tho merkel said it clearly 2 days ago : britain is wasting time with brexit delusions . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's clear that the uk will not have rights equal to those member states have once it leaves the european union . 
  to a certain extent the uk does n't want to have equal rights as member states . 
  the uk does n't want to be part of the political project , the current government is looking to take the uk out of the single market . . that 's two big sets of ` rights ' that the uk wo n't have . 
  what you seem to be doing is taking what merkel is saying and utterly misunderstanding it . 
  the uk wo n't have the same rights , or more rights in the context of the eu as an eu member , of course it wo n't . 
  but it 's not going away , it wo n't suddenly be irrelevant , especially in those areas where the uk is particularly capable and influential . . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , not seceding from the world . 
  if there are any delusions here , they are your suggestions that the uk wo n't have any influence in europe , of course it will . 
  it did before the eu existed and it will for a long time after it has left too . 
  and none of that is counter to what merkel has said , whether you take the snippets reported in the media or listen to what she is saying in german in the context of eu and germany domestic politics . . 
  you are absolutely right , but the point is education , not intelligence . 
  older people were somewhat more likely to vote leave , so if you throw in that access to university has massively increased in recent years and so if you are younger you are * vastly * more likely to have had the opportunity to go to university , it becomes less a ` stupid ' vs ` smart ' and more a critique of access to tertiary education in the uk . 
   each block has its own legislation on its ground . 
  and every country not in a trading block , or without a specific agreement where there is bilateral agreement ... 
  the uk will have to comply with eu rules and us rules , and chinese rules etc. 
  and of course the eu , us and china will have to comply with uk rules . 
  we can put in place fta 's to reduce and remove barriers where it makes sense of course . 
   yeah you 're leaving the eu , not nato so you 're still supposed to contribute to it as you were . 
  and the uk will , the point is that means you continue to have cooperation and coordination in areas that are important to the uk and eu . 
  that said , it wo n't be until the eu decides to go fully federal and combine it 's defence ( and there is still a lot of objection to that within the eu , even without the uk ) that the takes a leading position in nato . 
  until then the uk 's position does n't really change at all . 
  after all , the uk still has very deep defence ties with the us , above and beyond what other eu members have by quite a long way and that really does n't look like it 'll change . 
   but other than that , the uk 's influence in eu matters is over . 
  you wo n't be able to block any kind of european task force , of services integrations and all the others things the uk was stalling for the last decade . 
  yeah , or course . 
  the uk is leaving . 
  it wo n't be able to block anything that the eu agrees to do . 
  on the other side of that , the uk also wo n't be taking part in them or contributing financially either . 
  that 's the point of leaving . . 
  but the uk is n't the only party that has been less than enthusiastic , the uk leaving does n't solve the problems the eu has in areas where it requires unanimity , it simply reduces the opposition . 
   why would the eu cares about the uk once it 's out ? 
  because it 's still the largest non-eu regional power in europe and that 's relevant to the eu ? 
   what the eu become is no longer your concern really . 
  of course it is , it 's still relevant to the uk 's interests , and the uk is relevant to the eu 's interests . 
  the uk will be outside of the eu , it wo n't be part of the political project , but it will still be a major trading partner , a defence partner and of course another country that the eu will want to work with as much as the uk wants to work with it . . from everything from trade , to trade sanctions , the uk is pretty relevant to the eu ( as the eu is to the uk . . ) . 
   france and germany have now more power than ever to go wherever they want to go from now on . 
  france and germany now have the power to cooperate with 25 other nations in some areas of competency . 
  the eu is n't some german-franco empire and as we have seen time and time again , both france and germany only have so much leverage across the eu . 
  the uk will be the largest regional power that is n't part of the eu , arguably the single largest regional power bar the eu if you consider , military , economic and social factors together . 
  that alone will mean that the eu will be interested . 
   in the end , you 'll have zero mps in brussels and you will be put aside of all europeans projects . 
  the whole point is to have zero meps in brussels , leaving the political project is basically the whole aim . 
  but that does n't mean that the uk will have zero influence . 
  as to projects , sure the uk will leave many the eu ones , not so much the european ones but it 'll likely depend on which projects . 
  i 'm sure the uk will still participate in some ( there are plenty of non-eu countries involved in quite a few of those projects after all ) . 
   you wo n't have a say in any of the eu legislation that you will still have to comply in order to do business with the eu . 
  we will only have to comply with some eu legislation , in much the same way that germany has to comply with us legislation when it deals with the us , or france has to comply with brazilian legislation when it deals with brazil . 
  the uk is n't going to turn into norway , or switzerland , where the eu can legislate on issues that are broadly domestic . .  but yeah , for the camera and shit : `` great , deep , respectfull , mickey mouse cooperation '' . 
  right . 
  delusion much . 
  the uk has a slew of non-eu bilateral cooperation agreements in areas not covered by the eu competencies with eu states now . 
  the eu is keen to keep the uk on board for policing , intelligence and a range of other issues , the uk will continue to cooperate via nato and various other frameworks . . 
  so no , it 's not delusion . 
   well , you know , there 's going to be a border between the uk and the eu . 
  goods and people passing that border need to be properly registered , import restrictions met , trade taxes levied and so on ... 
  there is going to be a border in the same way that there is a border now between the uk and the eu generally , between the uk and ireland there is almost no chance of being a hard border though . 
  none of the parties involved want one , and there are other ways to deal with the movement of goods etc. .  that there is no border at all and british goods and people can just pass into the eu , as if it was still a member , is not an option . 
  you do realise that just crossing a border is just one part of importing something , or emigrating . . ? 
  there are lots of ways to track goods , and manage people crossing a border , especially when you are talking about the border on an island . 
  the eu does n't want a border , the uk does n't , and ireland does n't . 
  no-one can impose one on the uk and ireland either so . . 
  there is n't likely to be a border . 
  why do you need a hard border between the uk and ireland to control immigration ? 
  irish people can settle in the uk anyway and anyone else does n't get any additional rights just because there is n't a border ( in much the same way as someone from say , the us or indonesia entering schengen does n't suddenly have the right to live there ) . . 
   you do n't have to be anymore . 
  of course we do . 
  the uk does n't want to be part of the eu 's political project , but we still have an interest in ensuring that the eu is stable , both economically and socially . 
  that 's before we get into things like defence cooperation through nato and bilaterally and all the other little things that we work together on as a group of nations ( often well beyond the eu ) . 
   there will have zero voice for the uk in brussels and all the drama will be over . 
  the uk wo n't be part of the eu , it 's not going into seclusion . 
  the uk will have diplomatic representation in the eu in much the same way that the eu will have in the uk , and no doubt there are lots of areas where our cooperation will be both broad and deep . 
   yeah well you 're not saying anything but random drunkar babbling . 
  it may be that your lack of understanding as to how the eu works , and where the balance is between the ep and members is leaving you a little confused . 
   the eu is a democratic union where each country has mps depending on the number of their population . 
  right . . 
  but the european parliament ( where those mep 's sit ) can only act within the competencies granted to it by the member states , via the treaties . 
  if you want to extend those , you need agreement from the member states , the level of agreement required depends on the kind of extension . 
  you ca n't ` force ' a member state to agree to hand over competencies , and you ca n't introduce legislation on some matters without the consent of member states . 
   you 're trying to play the `` let 's divide them '' when you obviouly could n't care less about the netherlands . 
  i mean , you do n't even care about n.i. 
  or scotland 's vote why would you care about a foreign country . 
  not at all .
