  it 's eddie izzard , he quite famously speaks french quite well and has done his stand-up routine in france , in french . 
  apparently he now does them in german , spanish , russian and arabic too , but no idea how well . 
  opposition to a federal eu superstate is n't just a conservative position . 
   why everyone always forgets our poor garibaldi aircraft carrier is n't that in part because it 's more akin to something like the uk 's hms ocean ( which does n't count as an aircraft carrier . . ) than the cavour ? 
  yup , that is essentially the only reasonable scenario ( in both directions . . ) , it should be more than achievable . 
  grab a 10 year chart then . . 
  probably partially because germany and the eu have been trying to shift services to frankfurt for a very long time , and have n't been able to . 
  i mean even geneva , as a non-eu financial centre does better than any within the eu . 
   actually this seems quite correct . 
  the effects of brexit can only be measured in the long run and relative to the rest of europe . 
  absolutely , although the actual impact will still largely be conjecture . 
  essentially you can argue that the uk would have done better in the eu even if the uk does very well over the next decade , and you can argue that the uk has done better that it would have in the eu even if it does badly . 
  you can also argue that uk government policy has a much bigger impact on the uk economy , employment and pretty much everything else , than the eu membership does . 
  [ hmm ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ehmys ) it 's a bit more complicated than that though if you look over a longer period . . 
   the ira phoned in warnings and targeted mainly government institutions . 
  except when they did n't of course . 
  and it 's still a terrorist threat . . 
  no , overvalued for ireland , as in ireland would benefit from a weaker currency generally . 
  it 's not undervalued against the us or uk , it 's still stronger than it would be if ireland were not part of a common currency union ( probably . . ) . 
  the argument would be that the euro is overvalued for ireland , essentially the same argument that is made in relation to say greece and italy , usually coupled with the notion that germany benefits the most because if it had it 's own currency , it would be considerably stronger than the euro . 
  that said , it 's hard to make a concrete claim , and there are other benefits in terms of confidence and stability in the euro which some national currencies would n't have . . 
  northern ireland went 56 % remain , but support for leaving the uk is lower . 
  i 'd assume that there would be more important issues for northern irish voters on both sides of the union debate than eu membership to base their position on too . 
  obviously there is an element of sectarianism in politics in northern ireland , but it goes beyond that to a certain extent , i think i am right in saying that the smaller of the two big unionist parties in northern ireland , the uup supported remain in the eu referendum . 
  i think the polling showed that about 10 % of republican voters we n't for leave and almost 20 % of unionist voters went remain , and 80 % of alliance/green voters opting for remain . . 
  interesting nonetheless , but your point , that there is no appetite in ireland to leave the eu is really quite important . 
  that belief in the project is a large part of what makes eu membership attractive to people , i 'd argue that it 's more important than the economic benefits . 
  when people talk about people in the uk having made a ` stupid ' decision , because they did n't prioritise the economic impact , they miss the point that much of the support for the eu is also for ` stupid ' reasons , it is about the political aspects , the idea of the union and so on . 
  it 'd have been much less likely for the uk to leave the eu if it had bought more into the political project something that i think people in ireland have done to a much larger extent . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with the sentiment , especially given that a large part of membership is about what people want , and their support for the political project as well as the economic benefits , but i thought this was a decently put together argument . 
  to be fair , we have rapid armed response capability and at present the risk does n't seem to justify a massive change to policy ( outside of northern ireland ) . 
  the current wave of terrorism seems less serious than previous ones ( again , outside of northern ireland ) at present at least so taking a step that was n't taken previously seems a bit like an overreaction . 
  ah fair play . 
  i think there is a difference here in a sense in that the eu has in the past played with the timing of decisions and announcements to boost support , or reduce opposition around elections . 
  in the past that has n't really been an issue , now though the timed release of statements ( say on euro clearing which was apparently rushed , or the push to present the ` largest ' number on the leaving bill ) it does seem like political manoeuvring by the eu during an election , and in a manner intended to interfere , rather than simply the existence of one causing a particular view etc. . that said , i get the impression that a lot of what the eu is talking about is for internal eu consumption , or rather i hope it is , because nothing that has come out so far really looks to help the eu position , but instead seems to be causing more of a rift ( that may is exploiting rather than suffering from ) . 
   i think this whole affair should be handled with infinitely more tact and decorum . 
  absolutely , in fact the whole come back thing from may on the dinner leaks was , in my view , incredibly silly . 
  she could have ignored it and it might have diffused things a bit , and left her looking like the bigger person . 
  instead she tried to channel margaret thatcher ... 
  that 's an interesting perspective . 
  what that may has said do you think could have an influence on either the german or french elections ? 
  at the moment at least , it seems she has this election in the bag . . 
  i 'd love for that to be wrong to a certain extent , but it seems very unlikely . 
   the eu gets ~ 80 % of their funds from those state budgets , and that 's also where the new money would come from . 
  seems relevant enough for me . 
  well , apart from some eu countries already suggesting that they wo n't cover the difference . . 
  the point is that it 's not a terribly useful comparison . 
   should be easy enough to do the math and see that this is not going to lead to some major political fallout and the eu ending of course it 's not going to end the eu . . 
  it 'll mean people pay more , or the eu spends less though . 
  both of those seem unpopular . 
   to illustrate that the eu budget is actually tiny - 1 % of gdp compared to the 40-50 % of the nations . 
  that 's a poor comparison though , given that the eu does n't come close to providing the kinds of services that countries do . 
  may as well show it as a fraction of total euro denominated debt at that point . 
  hey , i quite liked it , and reuters does n't get to push the boat out that often . . 
   actually the uk is a net importer . 
  it is , but it is still a large manufacturer and a decent sized exporting country ( of services and goods . . ) too . . as to a trade deal , the specifics are important when it comes to both exports and imports , some imports are easier to swap with cheaper sources , some are n't . 
  that 's very true . 
  right ... and ? 
  it 's not as though leaving the eu halts trade ... 
  under the worst case scenarios , there will be additional costs for uk exporters ( and eu exporters . . ) , currency changes might offset that to a certain degree , as would government policy in terms of customs ... and the most important point obviously is that the vast bulk of uk manufacturing is for domestic consumption , a market that is growing , not shrinking , and not likely to shrink ( the projections with a ` bad ' brexit are a reduction in growth after all ) . 
  that 's not misleading . . 
  they are ending id checks ( which is new ) , the rest is in the article and seems to be a continuation of the policy to show that people entering have the right to enter the country . 
  i think they are pulling it purely from this :  one senior german official said macron 's youthful stardust could give france some `` kennedy-esque '' optimism . 
  but the official also injected a sceptical note : berlin was `` willing to talk about europe '' , he said , `` but the discussion has to be about responsibility as well as solidarity . '', 
  which , together with the verhofstadt quotes in the article , are . . interesting . 
  the uk is n't in the eurozone . 
  and what do you imagine will happen when the uk leaves the eu in its entirety ? 
  i 'd actually argue that its a misunderstanding by many of what it means when an economy has a services sector that is larger than all the others combined ( which is true for every developed country . . ) . 
  people seem to forget what services mean , and how important they are . 
  it gets worse if you are looking at numbers employed in each sector too . 
  to be fair , most people do n't realise that countries like the uk and indeed france , the netherlands , italy etc. . are large manufacturing countries and indeed exporters . 
  it seems that the us , china and arguably germany are the only ones that are seen that way , which is utterly distorting . 
  the fact that the uk economy has n't imploded also seems to baffle people , but again , it really should n't , especially for anyone that read even the ` worst case ' scenarios that came out from credible bodies before the eu referendum . 
  yeah , also a valid argument . 
  throw in lenders who felt ( and were proved right . . ) that their lending would be essentially underwritten by the eu in some way and you have a real drama . 
  i 'll have a play with it when i get a chance . . 
  i find reddit on mobile almost unusable at the moment , just about useful for reading but nothing else . . will have a play . 
  [ deleted ] . 
  slide looks nicer than what i have . . might have to look at slide though , i 'm on the official app at the moment and it 's a bit hit and miss . . 
  which reddit app is that ? 
   in that case gdp would be ~ 5-10 % lower what model are you basing that on , and over what time period ? 
   why ? 
  because you did n't get bombed in ww2 as hard as we did and so you had a very easy time to recover ? 
  because the benefits of eu membership are significant in poland , and have been evaluated by the polish government . 
  poland had further to go and has done so quickly because eu membership offered things like stability for political institutions and access to a large market . 
  poland had institutional issues during and after the transition from communism that the uk has n't had to deal with , it is a much greater beneficiary ( rightly . . ) of development funding and so sees a large positive benefit in cash terms as well as political , social and economic . 
  that 's very different from the situation in the uk for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the uk did n't see benefits from the eu , but they fall far short of the benefits that poland saw . 
   nobody knows , if we could manage better on our own and maybe we would have rebuilt most of our infrastructure faster without any '' `` help '' '' from the eu . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about here now . . 
  neither the uk , nor poland had help from the eu in rebuilding after wwii if that 's what you are referencing , both went through some modernisation whilst in the eu ( and both went through some before membership too for that matter . . ) but poland was in a far worse state on joining than the uk was and it saw significant benefits in a reasonably short period of time ...  true , like the fact that we got a bit of money for rebuilding parts of our highway routes ? 
  but what about the point of a free market . 
  nobody knows , if we maybe had a way better situation right now , if we produced more stuff in our country and do n't import most stuff . 
  nobody knows if it was n't smarter to just trade with a few partners and export only in these . 
  you can create scenario 's where poland does better outside of the eu than inside it , not massively credibly , but i suppose you could . . 
  the point however is that poland has seen significant benefits from eu membership , it 's much harder to argue that poland could have done better outside , because it has done very well in the eu . 
   if you can see in alternative realities i ca n't , and i 'm not suggesting i can . 
  what i can see however are the benefits that the uk , and poland get from the eu and look at the costs and note that poland has some massive benefits that the uk does n't have and so it 's harder to argue that eu membership is not a good thing for poland ...  trump was criticized by people like you ( that already know what will happen in the future , apparently ) that he want 's to limit the trades with other countries and instead produce most wares in his own country . 
  not sure what trump has to do with anything . . but if your point is around whether limiting trade , or enabling trade is a good thing , then broadly i 'd agree with the school of thought that trade is broadly beneficial to a country . .  if it fails = people say : hah , told ya . 
  trump has no idea what 's doing .
