  i do n't think it is . 
  i think both campaigns have made out that the other side is either lying , ignorant or just stupid , but broadly i think the apparent ` stupidity ' that you are pointing at is a difference in opinion , ideas or priority ... 
   also ignoring the fact that most people voting out are doing so on ignorance . 
  some people , not most . 
  most people simply have different priorities to you ( and likely to me in many cases ) . 
   on the plus side , we do n't have to implement your ridiculous rules inside switzerland the number of people who miss this aspect ... 
   i thought we were over this . 
  autocratic does n't mean taking an unpopular decision , that would render the whole word absolutely senseless and useless . 
  no , it involves taking a domineering position . . 
  the argument here being that the eu can ( collectively . . ) bully individual members . 
   i 'm done . 
  super . 
   so you 're refusing to see that in this context it was used manipulatively . 
  it 's used to push a particular position , one which you clearly disagree with , which is fine . . 
  it 's not neutral reporting , but then its an editorial declaring the position the paper is taking ...  totally okay for the biggest newspaper in the uk to call the eu dictatorial because some people also call the uk that . 
  it 's ` totally ok ' because it 's a valid , if somewhat blunt ...  meanwhile in the real world , dictatorial still means what it should mean , an autocratic system of government . 
  indeed . . 
   would you agree that any kind of authority and system of government sometimes takes unpopular decisions ? 
  yup . 
   if yes then what exactly is the sense to call the eu dictatorial , you could just as easily call the uk dictatorial by that standard . 
  you could , and people do . 
   this is what autocratic means . 
  no . . that 's one definition , and not the one that applies here ... 
   the government also issues laws that require citizens to do things , does that mean the uk is dictatorial ? 
  on some issues , where it acts in a manner that does n't take into account public opinion , absolutely . . its a term more associated with the eu because of the way it operates , but the uk has certainly been guilty of taking an autocratic approach at certain times , even quite recently with things like doctors contract ...  the eu works democratically , the fact that it imposes directives on member states is n't any less democratic or any more dictatorial than your elected mayor , parliament or government doing so . 
  collectively possibly not , but it is perfectly possible for an individual state to see it as such . .  the fact that you call that dictatorial shows that either you have no clue what dictatorial means , or you really really want to defend that piece of shit article that is screaming about dictatorial brussels like it 's the soviet fucking union . 
  crazy . 
  absolutely nuts . 
  i actually wonder if you know what autocratic means . . and more to the point , what prevailing public opinion ( remain and leave ... ) in the uk looks like . 
  this is a tabloid , a certain amount of hyperbole is expected and managed , i do n't normally read the sun because frankly , it 's annoying , but your interpretation and reaction is excessive . . 
  it 's more than `` a bit hyperbolic '' it 's straight out propaganda and manipulation . 
  it 's the equivalent of calling someone you do n't like hitler . 
  the eu ( referred to as brussels in this case ) can and does issue directives that require the uk to do things , sometimes things that the uk does n't want to do , or that quite a few people see as problematic . 
  that meets the definition of dictatorial , its a suggestion that the eu can be autocratic . 
  i 'm not sure why you see it as the equivalent of calling someone you do n't like hitler though ... 
  well , if we break it down :  we are about to make the biggest political decision of our lives . 
  broadly accurate , although possibly ` of our lives ' should probably be ` in a generation '  the sun urges everyone to vote leave . 
  seems self explanatory and understandable . 
   we must set ourselves free from dictatorial brussels . 
  is a bit excessive and hyperbolic , but presents a certain sentiment . 
  so all in , if you are a sun reader ( larges circulation of any paper in the uk . . ) or inclined toward reading the sun then i can imagine it 's relatively easy to take seriously , most people can take the first two bits seriously too , although with a varying degree of interest in what the sun might prefer presumably . 
   even with brexit and londond losing access to eu banking sector ? 
  absolutely ... who would do business in a financial centre that meant that by default they would be liable to pay a tax per transaction ? 
  it would , at a stroke , make every other financial centre more attractive . 
  and frankly , even when the uk leaves the eu , london is n't going to lose access to the eu banking sector , because eu businesses does n't want to lose access to london either , and that 'll be doubly true if a ftt is put in place that applies to eu financial institutions . 
   i am not sure this would have been the correct direction , but rather should have gone towards a closer union at its core and not allowed new members to ascend so quickly . 
  ah , i 'm not sure that closer union at its core would have been doable , and i think germany would have been a bit busy with reunification , but i suppose it 's a thought . 
   i personally at least find the cohesion within western europe a lot bigger than between eastern and western europe i find the north/south divide more of an obvious one , with the likes of poland seeming closer to the uk in some ways than say greece or spain , but broadly i think you 'd be right in the context of a social and political union , whilst if we 'd stayed with a less integrated approach and a more trade based thing , the issues would n't have arisen ( and left out the euro . . ) . 
  all of the above is true , but none of the above addresses the fundamental issue that is relevant to the eu funding bar your last sentence , and that , with respect is based almost entirely on conjecture and again does n't address the fact that the government could and likely would use the money it is n't spending on the eu to support largely the same groups , in largely the same way after the uk leaves the eu and of course that would still leave significant amounts of money available for other things ( probably not the things i 'd want but hey ... ) . 
   note that there are also examples of this working very well , see for example in the us or germany and as far as i can tell china . 
  and the uk for that matter ... 
  i mean imperfect unions are the norm , and anything large and ambitious has flaws . 
  the point i would take is that countries are essentially areas in which there is common purpose and identity , the eu is missing that to some extent so it is n't as cohesive as say the us is and as a more or less democratic entity it can hardly emulate the likes of the ussr or british empire . .  in my oppinion destroying what was left of cohesion in the aftermath of the cold war hurt the eu pretty badly . 
  i think the end of the cold war changed pretty much everything and the eu is a remnant of that , it should have seen massive ( much more massive than it did anyway . . ) reform to include the eastern european countries and so on , it should also probably have played a bigger role in the aftermath of the collapse of the ussr , but then there were other pressures ( especially for germany . . ) and we ca n't turn back the clock . 
   the eu is an astonishing institution , unique in human history , imperfect because of the scale of its ambition . 
  let 's not tear it down . 
  when we are talking about governance and national/supranational institutions , everything is unique . 
  and most of them end up being imperfect because of their scale and ambition . 
  i mean , that phrase applies equally to the roman empire , the ussr , and the british empire ( and many others ) yet i think we can all agree that their time came and that tearing them down was a good thing ) . 
  and the time will come where the eu too , is no longer fit for purpose . 
  the question then will be about what we end up with to replace it , and how far off in the distance that is . 
  personally i think its rather a long way off , but that does n't mean that some members might see a different future and , no doubt when the time comes there is a good chance that the eu will try to extend it 's life beyond a point that is sensible . 
   the european union is arguably the greatest thing human beings have ever achieved in the political sphere . 
  only if we have utterly no imagination and no sense of history ... as to the bit about the world working like the eu , well . . 
  it 'd probably be better for some than the current order , but it 'd be far from what it could be , more to the point , it is n't . 
  and the eu is n't a global project . 
  for some it is quite the opposite , the creation of a counterbalance to the us and china , a recreation of a multi-polar world of great powers vying for influence and supremacy . .  after all , the european union is n't just the devil that we know . 
  it is the foothills of something truly new , something not quite like anything that has existed on earth before . 
  no , it is something born out if wwii that is no longer quite fit for purpose and so is straining under the weight of both needing reform and needing to keep its members on board . 
  the eu is n't a blueprint for the future , it is a cobbled together , almost capable project that does n't have public support , never mind public adoration . 
   more than that though , it is here now , at least in rough draft . 
  and what makes it radical is , in large measure , precisely the same as what makes it achingly dull . 
  and it wo n't get beyond the rough draft . 
  if this really were the start of something truly new and interesting it might be worth while for the uk to remain , but it is not . 
   the eu is n't quite like anything else , and as such it suffers from being chronically overestimated or underestimated . 
  because it over-promises and under-performs as a grouping , that is n't some sort of plot by national governments , it is institutional failings . 
  once there was a dream of europe and all that ...  what the eu obviously is , is an attempt to impose some kind of political accountability on transnational trade and to build political community without violence . 
  and then to try and integrate into that political and social cohesion on the back of an identity that does n't exist and without the consent of the people it seeks to unite . 
  the eu as an economic entity is great , beyond that it really is n't . 
  yes , the eu is trying to build a political community without violence , but it is also trying to do so without consent and without real accountability . 
   the european union , vastly , magnificently imperfect beast that it is , has made political miracles so ordinary that we too easily forget that they even exist . 
  no , it has n't performed any miracles , if anything , it has managed to squander an opportunity ( and by the eu i mean the collection of member states as well as the eu institutions ) , when the uk leaves the eu it will shift the narrative from an expansionist eu to , with a bit of luck , an eu working to reform and integrate . 
  the result of that process may well be fresh and new , and it may well be a new template for cooperation and union , it may well even carry out miracles . 
  but it may also simply be more of the same . 
  that though , will be up to people who do identify as eu citizens , as europeans , to decide . 
  to be very clear , the ` project fear ' term is pretty accurate . 
  the arguments being made are massively in excess of the evidence being used to support them and , in most cases only focus on very specific issues under very specific circumstances . 
  there has been little attempt to portray a positive message around the eu and no real debate outside of some very narrow areas . 
  project fear is right , as is project meh and project ` yes it 's shit , but we can make it a bit less shit ' . 
  hardly competent or inspiring . 
  certainly ensures things get interesting , not to mention that it makes it even less likely than it already is for frankfurt and paris to punch at the same level as london at any time in the distant future . 
  what about them ? 
  they have no right to be in the uk at all , it 's sort of in the name . . 
  you realise how absurd that argument is in context , and in the context of what he could have done instead ? 
  yes , a lot of people do n't like him , but he is the prime minister and he could have grabbed a lot of support by simply pushing leave , or taking no position in the campaigns and advocating leave . 
  it makes no sense to do what he did if he does n't support remain , it 's quite literally the least effective way of getting the uk to vote out . 
  cameron would be in a better position politically and in practically every other sense if he had simply come back from the eu negotiations and done what he had threatened on the back of not getting concessions , supporting leave . 
  running a campaign on the basis of reverse psychology ( and funding that campaign , using the machinery of government and international institutions etc. . to drive it ) would be absurd . 
  i mean even if we play along with the premise , why not have him support the position but leave the government neutral ? 
  he could have done everything he did anyway and had a much more likely leave outcome ...
