  my point was that neither the uk nor ireland want a hard border so we wo n't get one . . that 's correct . 
  see , you have a point here , there will be a requirement to manage customs , there will need to be a customs border , but that does n't have to be a physical barrier , nor does it have to involve immigration checks ... 
  right ? 
  and the uk government has said it wo n't ... sinn f\u00e9in has also said they would like to see a border poll , and want a united ireland . . 
  i 'd point out that in scotland , the snp ( the first minister in fact ! ), 
  has said that there is `` no reason '' that a hard border , which exercises strict control over trade and the movement of people , would be created if scotland were in the eu and customs union , and the ruk outside of it , if scotland were to be independent ... 
  so who do we believe , sinn f\u00e9in or the snp ? 
  again , the uk government does n't want a border , nor does the irish government . . 
   if no deal is struck there will be a hard border according to some tour operators , hoteliers , business leaders and members of the agriculture industry ? 
  the first line of that article is : * the british government has ruled out introducing irish border posts after leaving the eu . 
  * so . . no ? 
  like i said , come on ... 
   did n't you see his face ? 
  he 's saying negotiating a soft border is top priority . 
  but he knows the uk wants to close border and the eu open them so he 's stuck in the middle . 
  you got that from his face ? 
  so . . you ignore what the uk has said in relation to a border , you are ignoring most of what he said in the video in terms of wanting to maintain the cta ( whilst claiming it is incompatible with eu membership . . ) and the point on a political agreement and are , on that basis apparently claiming that we 'll default to a hard border ? 
  come on . 
   did you watch the video ? 
  did you ? 
  he explicitly points out that ireland 's position is that it needs to protect ( amongst other things . . ) the common travel area as part of the negotiations . . his reference to the border was firstly to say that there would be no return to a hard border , and the second was that that would be achieved through a political agreement between the uk and ireland . .  ireland can keep a common travel agreement by leaving the eu . 
  but it ca n't have both the cta and the eu membership no , it can have both , they are n't in any way incompatible ... 
  i mean from the uk side , the uk could continue it 's half of the cta even if ireland did n't want it ( and ireland clearly does . . ) so again , why would eu membership have an impact one way or another . 
  to put it another way , the uk outside of the eu has control over its visa issuing , residency requirements and so on , ireland , outside of schengen has control over its visa issuing , residency requirements for non-eu countries ( of which the uk would be one ) so why is there an issue ? 
  if ireland were part of schengen it might be a tad more difficult , but it is n't ... look this is going around in circles , you do n't seem to understand what free movement is in the first instance ( unless you are happy now and have read through the various links i posted earlier ) and you seem unclear as to what powers the uk and ireland have ( as opposed to the eu ) in terms of their own borders and visas . 
  i honestly do n't get what you are getting at in terms of the cta and eu membership being incompatible . . maybe you could clear that up , why are the uk or ireland not allowed to let citizens of the other move to their countries and why do they have to impose a hard border . . ? 
  and by why i mean , what in the eu treaties that ireland is a party to , or what international law ( as you alluded to earlier ... ) makes that a requirement ? 
  neither ireland nor the uk want a hard border , that will be more than enough to ensure that there is n't one . 
   outside of the championships flying the german flags is still , at the very least , borderline . 
  otoh they 're probably not out-right nazis as those would n't be seen dead flying those colours . 
  like i said , it was surprising , but to be clear , some of these people i 've known for . . 20 + years and they certainly are n't nazis , or even nationalists in any measurable sense . . 
  they just seem to be more comfortable flying a flag than they had been ( i suppose . . ) . 
   when the turkish team got kicked out , our turks , without batting a single eye , switched to german flags . 
  that 's integration you can get behind !, 
   the common travel agreement ca n't work if ireland has freedom of movement with eu and the uk does n't . 
  it only works if both have it or neither have it . 
  this is n't law , its logic . 
  i 'm not sure what sort of logic you are using but maybe you could explain it . 
  as far as i can tell , free movement between ireland and the eu would continue , so an eu national would have every right to work in ireland and so on . 
  it would cease with the uk , so eu nationals ( except irish nationals . . ) would not be able to work in the uk without a visa . 
  the cta arrangements would also continue to apply , so irish and uk nationals would continue to enjoy the benefits of the common travel area ... 
  given it 's all tied to nationality what exactly is the issue ? 
  its not as though suddenly ireland would have to prevent uk nationals from moving to ireland or indeed that the uk would have to prevent irish nationals from going to the uk . . and an eu national who came to ireland would n't have the right to work in the uk any more than a chinese national who came to the uk would have the right to work in ireland ... 
  so again , what logic means that the cta has to be killed after almost 100 years because eu free movement suddenly does n't apply to one party ? 
   my point is the republic of ireland has no right to a soft border , there is a soft border is a privilege , which can be taken away at any time , for no reason the uk and ireland have an agreement on the cta . . much as the eu has an agreement in schengen . . and yeah , you are right , ireland has no ` right ' to a soft border , nor does the uk , but then nor does germany , france or belgium ... countries are sovereign , whether they are in the eu or not , they can enter and leave agreements that they make , why does that mean that there will be a hard border between the uk and ireland , when neither country wants one ? 
   the world does n't have a right to enter the uk , its a privilege , which can be withdrawn anytime , without reason by the residents yes . . and that is exactly the same as with anywhere else , the world does n't have the right to enter germany , the us or indeed cambodia . 
  what 's your point ? 
  on allotments yeah ( and some weird and wonderful flags . . ) , that plus the little windmills and random ornaments always made walking through those a huge pull as a kid . 
  but i seriously do n't remember them in peoples back gardens from when i was little . 
  in all honesty it was a bit surprising when i went back over the summer , at least partially because it was quite noticeable . . 
  i should add that it does n't come off as particularly nationalistic either , and it tends to look somewhat sensible , when compared to people hanging a st georges cross out of a bedroom window . 
   the united kingdom ran the border that way before it joined the eu . 
  ran it 's border what way ? 
  and where ? 
  the uk has had actual borders during its entire time in the eu , except between ireland , because we set up a common travel area between the uk and ireland in the 1920 's as ireland left the uk . 
  there has never been a peacetime period where uk or irish nationals were required to present a passport to cross that border for immigration purposes , there have been periods where the military have requested id at the border , but not for immigration purposes ( because again , irish nationals are not treated as foreign in the uk ... ) . 
   but as i keep saying , i 'm making the assumption no deals will be struck , but they probably will . 
  there is already a deal between ireland and the uk , it 's the framework that defines the common travel area . . once the uk leaves the eu that will likely continue to be the case , with continued cooperation on the external borders . .  i 'm just saying as it stands , there will be a hard border between roi and ni . 
  and that is why enda is worried , the ball is now in his court and that 's silly , because as it stands there is no default , and neither the uk nor ireland want a hard border . . 
  i mean just think for a minute , do you think the uk or ireland want to be seen as responsible for that in the first place ? 
  even the eu ca n't force ireland to put a hard border in place ( although they could then increase checks on people from ireland heading to other parts of the eu . . ) . 
  the notion that you are presenting that , by default , there will be a border is simply not valid . 
  by default , things wo n't change and there will not be a hard border , if no-one does anything that 'll be the status quo and it will continue . 
  the only way that we end up with a hard border is if someone decides they need one , the uk and ireland have been clear in saying no on that , so why on earth do you see it as the default option ? 
   there are international laws there are . . 
  but none that require you to run your border in a particular way . . countries can design their visa and access processes as they see fit , which most of them do , which is why there are massive differences between countries when it comes to entry requirements , border checks , visa eligibility and so on ...  the default most used system , is that of the us . 
  what part of the us system is the default ? 
  that there is a border and someone will look at your passport ? 
  yeah , that 's pretty normal . . 
  the level of discretion on entry , whether there is a visa on landing , a payment requirement and so on vary massively . .  . 
  all of asia ( and i 've been there ) i lived in hong kong for 7 years , i 've travelled quite widely around asia and i can tell you that there is a lot of variation . . 
  in fact there are quite a few countries with no visa requirements for varying lengths of stay , some where it depends on your passports , some where it basically requires a flat fee payment on arrival and so on . . 
  so no , there is n't some ` default ' that the uk will be required to use . 
  it could allow anyone to come and live , work , travel whatever with no visa requirements at all ( it wo n't ... ) or it could require a visa from anyone for any reason ( it wo n't do that either ) . 
  the uk will need to extend its existing visa systems to eu nationals , and decide on waivers for things like tourism , business , scientific research etc. . .  without making agreements , as i said , this will be the system that is in place . 
  and that is the common system that exists in the world today . 
  and again , that 's utter shite . 
   the uk currently has freedom of movement , the us does n't . 
  the uk has freedom of movement with the eu and the us does n't , that 's correct . 
  that means people in the uk can go and work in another eu country . .  at this point , as there has no deals yet struck , as it stands the uk will have the us system after the 2 years of article 50 are up . 
  it 'll mean the uk will have whatever system it decides to set up . . 
  it wo n't be part of the eus freedom of movement arrangements of course , but it can apply whatever criteria it wants to issuing visas and obviously can ( and likely will ) allow short term travel and tourists access visa free to the eu , as it does for many other countries . .  and anyone entering any part of the us can be denied from entering , at the border agents discretion , for no reason . 
  yes ...  as it stands now , if there are no deals struck , roi nationals wishing to visit the north will have to bring their passports and will be able to be stopped from entering at the discretion of the border agent , and without reason . 
  that does n't follow . 
  for starters , roi nationals are not considered foreign for the purposes of uk law and ireland and the uk have a common travel area ( that has nothing to do with the eu 's arrangements . . ) . 
  the uk is unlikely to put a border in place with ireland , so i doubt there will be anyone to prevent access , and of course no-one can require the uk to do that . 
  as you pointed out , it 'll be up to the uk at that point how it runs its border . 
  i take by your change of direction that you read through what freedom of movement actually means in the eu context by the way ? 
  it 's quite important to understand that after all , even if it is n't that relevant to the points in this comment . 
   only amongst oddballs . 
  i 'd love to agree but it is n't quite there yet . 
  i think there is a class thing of sorts involved ( it 's not just a left right thing either . . ) and there are contexts where it seems less problematic , but it does still have a bit of an odour attached . 
  granted , that 's anecdotal , but still . 
  yeah , i was n't going to get into that . 
   if your talking about the us then the answer is no , i 've known people who have been denied entry for almost no reason at all . 
  i 'm talking about the uk ...  if germans were denied entry to the uk ( they believed they had n't broken the law in any way ) they could take it to the european courts , and win , and be allowed entry ( and receive compensation or whatever ) around 6.5 % of eu nationals that try to enter the uk are refused entry . . you are right to say that someone coming to the uk who meets all the requirements , does n't fall into any of the categories that apply in terms of refusal , and has a valid reason to enter the uk ( whether that is exercising a treaty right , tourism , study whatever . . ) then sure . 
  but a german can be stopped and refused entry if they do n't . . 
  so again , freedom of movement is not unconditional , you do need to seek work or meet the requirements to exercise a treaty right ( so your partner working for example . . ) . 
  and on entry , you can be refused if the uk feels that you are problematic . . 
  your claim that an eu national ca n't be stopped , or denied entry is simply wrong , there are lots of conditions under which an eu national can be denied entry , and anyone can be stopped and questioned at the border .
