  that is n't just an issue of racism or xenophobia ( in fact i 'd argue it mostly is n't ) its one that is now rooted in a message of control , and a feeling that sheer numbers of people are simply bad regardless ...  but in any case , i would have preferred the skepticism to actually bubble up to the surface and be discussed , regardless of whether it would have led to an earlier brexit ( in a period when things were a bit calmer , perhaps ) or to a rapprochement between the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  yeah , so would i. 
  it would have been nice if that had been true in the period in the run up to the referendum too ( more akin to what we saw in scotland before the #indyref ) , i think it 'd have still generated a leave vote ( possibly even a harder one , it seemed that the more people knew about the eu , the more likely they were to be sceptical . . ) but at least we could have had a decent debate . 
   there is nothing to be gained for either parties by forcing the british people to be part of a union they do n't like . 
  agreed , and i 'd agree that having a more representative government would help with that , but how we get there , and what that looks like is another question . . 
   but the big loans speak volumes for me . 
  i 've seen lots of suggestions , in the uk that has included ukip and others , but the specifics tend to be pretty weak ( although not everywhere , i suppose it is easier if you have weak controls on political donations and loans ) . 
  as much as i dislike the likes of ukip , i do n't think they are funded by the russians ( or indeed would need russian funding ) . 
  i suppose my point would be that this is generally something where there are good sources of data , and where information is readily available and i have n't seen anything that does a terribly good job ( including your links above . . ) that show a funding link between russia ( including fronts ) and eurosceptic groups that show that the support is in any way fundamental . 
  the exception may be the french fn loan , but even that 's a bit tenuous . 
  is there data to support that ? 
  it seems like it 'd be right , but it seems quite hard to get data on loans ( except possibly in the uk , where party finance is pretty transparent and accessible - although possibly because i know where to look ) . 
   the uk signed to make this union work , they should do their part . 
  they are , this meeting is n't helpful so the foreign secretary is n't attending ( sending a minister instead iirc ) , france is n't sending their foreign minister either , and for much the same reason . 
  the whole ` crisis meeting about trump being elected ' thing smacks of people playing to the gallery and frankly , not having anything else to do . 
  there is already a meeting on monday to discuss issues , and frankly the us election has been on the cards for a long time . 
  is there any reason why the uk should take part in what could quite charitably be called a stunt ? 
   imagine if they didnt come to he un meeting i 'm reasonably certain that the un would n't call a crisis meeting about the result of an election in the us , and frankly , any meeting that involved foreign ministers at the un would likely be far more relevant than this meeting . . 
   with a more representative system , the uk might have actually used the tools to curb immigration from the then newly admitted poland , and the integration of the poles into british society would have been smoother , killing most of the current dissatisfaction before it actually became relevant . 
  possibly , although frankly i 'm not so sure . 
  i do n't actually think that there was an issue with polish integration , or indeed polish immigration generally ( although many would disagree . . ) the uncontrolled aspect of eu migration would still be exactly the same issue to those that oppose it as it is now . 
  i 'd actually assume that a more representative approach would have allowed euro-scepticism and indeed the notion of leaving the eu to bubble up much earlier and have more of an impact generally . 
  the uk has generally disregarded views on the eu , and people in the uk have broadly had it far further down on their list of interests than lots of other issues , if they had been able to find representation that covered more of their ideas ( or been able to provide support to euro-sceptic parties without compromising on everything else ) we may well have seen the uk go far earlier , or push much harder within the eu for change that seems counter to what quite a lot of the continental states would prefer . . as it is the uk has been able to be pragmatic with opt-outs rather than acting to block eu moves , if it had been held more accountable that may not have been the case . 
   but ... 
  it is . 
  frankly it 's bizarre in this day and age that a browser is even considered ' a piece of software you might install ' . 
  except of course it is absolutely a piece of software you might install , more so than in the past . 
  the point around microsoft de-bundling ie was that the tight integration put other browser creators at a disadvantage , now people actively do install different ( and generally better . . ) browsers . .  should a chromebook offer to let you use ie instead ? 
  google does n't have a monopoly when it comes to desktop os 's , however microsoft ( who do have a monopoly ) should and do offer to let you use a different browser . . 
   surely trump should pardon assange he ca n't pardon him for the charges in sweden , and he 's probably going to have issues in the uk over breaching bail too , so it 's not quite that easy . 
  i 'm not sure they want to antagonise the us as much as provide a counter-balance , for some that in itself seems to suggest antagonism ( i 'm not so sure it needs to . . ) but obviously from the us perspective it 's probably a less than thrilling scenario . 
  possibly . 
  i suppose my point is that the uk can say it is entitled to take part in whatever the eu is doing , but it does n't have to take part in everything . 
  it 's a bit like being consulted on planning permission , you have ever right to be asked your opinion , but you do n't actually have to involve yourself in the process if you do n't think its relevant to you . 
  oh it might have been possible , given enough time and enough support , but there was frankly neither , and much of the eu seems more interested in pushing forward along a broadly given track , rather than considering alternatives or a reversal . 
  which is a shame , because cooperation and close economic ties are a great idea , it 's just that ever closer political union and the notion of the eu becoming something of a power in its own right are really not that attractive . 
   corbyn campaigned for reform of the eu . 
  but since not even the majority of his party agrees to that , it was a losing battle . 
  pretty much . . 
  the real issue for me was the prospect of getting the kind of reform that he was talking about or that i would like to see . 
  personally i saw it as pretty much impossible ( i mean , no-one , including the uk was pushing in that direction . . ) . 
  that made leaving a far easier sell . . had the referendum come later , or had there been more discussion about reform and the future aims of the group it might have gone the other way . 
   or maybe the leave side should have made sure they were prepared for the eventuality of winning ? 
  it was a referendum , the civil service were instructed not to prepare for a leave decision , the governments position was remain , the oppositions position was remain ... you ca n't really prepare for something when you will have no control over the process ( leave has n't suddenly taken control of the government , thank god . . ) and even if you have , you ca n't push it through . 
  what preparations would you have liked a non-party campaign to have made ? 
   problem is that she has to have it voted through parliament first . 
  depends on what happens in december , but even if it does go through parliament , it does n't push the timetable back that far . 
  in the absolute worst case scenario , the lords could hold it up for a year , but they wo n't , so we 'll likely see the uk keeping to the timetable that is already out there . 
  it 's probably worth remembering that if parliament were more representative , the bias toward leave would be significantly greater than it is , in fact it 'd have made it a lot easier for people to show their distaste for the eu without having to vote ukip ( which a lot of people simply would n't do regardless of their views on the eu ) . 
  and i do n't disagree with you , the uk could do with some reform so that the commons is more representative , but at the same time , i 'd rather not see the geographical link broken and that would mean a larger parliament . 
  i 'd be fine with that , many do n't seem to be . 
   i 've seen corbyn campaigning to remain myself . 
  he absolutely campaigned for remain , and he did n't do a bad job in a sense , especially with people on the fence . 
  that said , he used a lot of the same arguments for remaining that i used for leaving , he simply presented the opportunity for change and pushed a particular set of reforms . 
   labour definitely as a whole voted to remain it was 60/40 for remain and i 'd sort of assume that quite a few of the anti-globalist left , the people who support corbyn and have been joining labour , will be on the leave side . 
  and of course that was with the party taking an official position and pushing it pretty hard . 
   in some cases it does . 
  if you want a deal with the usa they will ask you to accept chlorine washed chicken , when you make a deal with the eu they will ask exclusive rights to a tons of produce ( parmesan , champagne , feta ) . 
  they would n't apply domestically , and they would depend on the deal struck . 
  the uk could allow chlorine washed chicken from the us , or it could not . 
  if it did , it would n't mean that chlorine washing chicken would be allowed to be produced in the uk . 
  essentially it would come down to standards on imports , as it does now . 
  as for protecting terms , the eu would likely ask for certain protections on named goods , but then so would the uk . 
  that does have an impact domestically ( you ca n't produce surrey parmesan ... ) but it 's not an imposed rule , it 's an agreed one . 
  the difference is that the eu regulations , which currently become law in the uk and other eu member states on being passed , would n't be law in the uk ( unless the uk agreed that all eu regulations would apply in the uk , which they wo n't . . ) . 
  it does n't mean that you ca n't come to mutually agreed to rules that apply in both areas . 
  this is basically where it gets a bit wobbly . 
  the difference is scale . 
  the eu is an incredibly deep and close set of agreements , with a political aspect and so on . 
  yes , at its heart its just a set of treaties , and any treaty can have an impact on a countries ability to act in a certain way , but the vast majority of treaties ( including any uk/eu agreement ) is going to be a whole lot shallower and far less broad than the treaties that make up the eu . 
  in short , countries can agree to impose rules on themselves via treaties . 
  disagreeing with the scope and level of influence of the eu treaties in domestic lawmaking and regulation does n't mean that you have to disagree with the application of every treaty . . 
   speaking as part of said commonwealth , the uk still has n't forwarded us a copy of a free-trade treaty , even though we just negotiated ceta and they could have basically just had us re-sign that with `` eu '' crossed out and replaced with `` uk '' . 
  as / u/astupidbloodyyank points out it ca n't . 
  but more importantly , it probably would n't want to . 
  i mean , it 'd be a good interim position ( and the uk and canada would find it beneficial enough . . ) but frankly , a uk/canada agreement could actually be quite a bit tighter . 
  the uk does n't have the same issues as the eu in dealing with canada , and canada does n't see the same risks from the uk either . 
  any future uk/canada agreement should be able to be put together fairly rapidly and probably be a rather nice deal for both sides . 
  hell , to a certain extent , ceta without the uk on the eu side probably looks a little shittier than it did when it was signed ( sorry about that ... ) . 
   funny thing is - if they want to export to eu or import from eu - they will still need to comply with eu regulations . 
  the uk would have to comply with eu regulations as they relate to that trade . 
  in much the same way as the uk has to comply with us regulations , or chinese regulations ( or indeed eu firms do ) when exporting to those countries . 
  that does n't mean that the uk has to apply those regulations domestically . 
  in some areas the regulatory gap between the eu and uk is likely to remain essentially non-existent ( because regardless of what is being suggested in terms of a free for all , there are practical , environmental and political pressures on governments in the uk , and the uk has traditionally been quite good at that sort of thing . . ) . 
  the difference would be that the uk would n't have to conform to the letter of eu regulations in the context of the single market . 
  it would n't have to place restrictions in some areas where the eu , frankly , is n't very good at regulating . 
  that includes quite a lot of reasonably high-tech and high growth industries ( things like biotech ... ) . 
  one of the gripes you 'll have hears is that the uk lost a lot of biotech startups to the us because the regulatory framework in the eu was overly constrictive , that could have been prevented by a better application of the precautionary principle ( rather than the eu 's approach which is often too constricting - do n't take my word for that either ... ) . 
   but also on top of that with uk regulations , unless they just follow any and all eu regulations blindly . 
  the uk will regulate as it deems it needs . 
  remember that the vast bulk of the uk economy ( like the economies of germany , france , italy etc. . ) is focused on the domestic market . 
  when it comes to exporters , they tend to export to the eu and elsewhere ( like the us and globally . . ) and so have to deal with multiple strands of regulation as it is , and will be starting from parity . 
   well i guess the choice to get fucked by double the regulation was a sovereign choice . 
  not sure how they hoped to avoid foreign regulation without a self-sustaining economy though . 
  no-one suggested that the uk would be able to ignore the laws of countries as they relate to the products they are exporting into those countries . 
  that particular argument was about the applicability of eu law and regulation in the uk , which ( depending on the agreement that is reached with the eu ) will cease when the uk leaves , or after a transition period . 
  you realise that in the context of regulating egg sales , the above is a bit daft , given the uk had functioning regulation before joining . 
  if you just look at salmonella it 's even more amusing , recorded cases rose from 1985 to 1997 , and only then fell back to the levels seen in the mid 80s ( they were lower before ) . 
  and . . uk mp 's are n't expert phobic , certainly not more so than in other countries , european or otherwise . . 
  it 's not about harking back to the past either , it 's about a different future .
