  the headlines are headlines , they are n't myths either , they are the way you get people to read articles or look at newspapers . 
  and frankly , if we are using headlines alone you 'd have a bigger problem , and you could accuse the eu of exactly the same kind of myth creation , i mean look at the state of the union promise on wifi ( free wifi across the eu ) . . 
  there are lots of myths peddled by the uk press , but the eu is undermining its case by grabbing anything it does n't like the reporting on and claiming it as a myth . 
  nothing . . its about the relative importance of things like agricultural regulations in french politics . . 
  which is what this particular thread was about . 
   i doubt the eu as we know it can survive much longer . 
  inflexible , bureaucratic , paralysed in decision making through too many vetoes - you could n't make it up , one belgian district council blocking an intercontinental trade deal !, 
  it must change dramatically or eventually fail . 
  i agree change is required , although to be fair , the eu could have avoided the current situation by negotiating an agreement within the limits of the competencies it actually has . 
   but what can they do ? 
  reform to increase the power of brussels and reduce the say of the states ? 
  there 'd be nationalist independence movements everywhere . 
  britain 's heading for the exit already , and the rest of the opt-out brigade will follow if the eu try a power grab like that . 
  indeed . 
  essentially the eu has to get the people in its member states on side , they have n't really managed that , and are trying to do the reform before getting the consent . 
  i 'm not sure if the eu can actually do that , but hey , the other way is n't going to work . 
   it seems to me that the projects for a political union and for a free trade area will have to separate altogether . 
  those that want to can have all the ever closer union they like , at least up to the point of the anti-anschluss provisions in certain peace treaties . 
  the rest can have a common market , and be free to make deals of their own overseas without needing the unanimous consent of every last parish in the continent . 
  now that i would agree with , but i ca n't see it happening . 
   but there had to be a push to unify it from somewhere . 
  i broadly agree ...  as you said the uk was n't it using for nearly 15 years . 
  why the sudden change ? 
  why no protest from the uk ? 
  despite popular belief the eu is not an omnipotent dictatorship and especially in cases like that that only involve one country really it does n't make sense that the initiative for that change did n't come from london . 
  the change likely came because the uk was renegotiating deadlines on a changeover , i assume it was part of the give and take ( but someone would have to look at it . . ) , the eu could claim some exemptions were removed , the uk gets an extension . . 
  in either case , it not a myth ... 
  there seems to be a strange notion that if its about the eu , and people in the uk see it as negative that it 's anti-eu and therefore not worth reporting on or a myth . . 
  to be fair , its not that french people spend their days thinking about cap it 's that your farmers get all militant the moment they sense a threat and make everyone think about cap or whatever agricultural issue happens to have kicked off . 
   trade should have been an exclusive eu competence but the member states have been squabbling over it for decades now and the end result is the shambles we 're in . 
  well , that and the fact that you can define anything as having an impact on trade , so if you have to be a little more specific . 
  which leaves us where we are now ...  despite the constant issues , the eu still managed to negotiate a lot of trade agreements , but we 're going to need to have the eu exclusively negotiate for all members and also approve ( via the eu parliament instead of the dozens of local parliaments/authorities ) these agreements if we want to get any with advanced nations . 
  or the eu needs to look at simpler agreements that are within the eus competencies . 
   the only advanced nation we 've managed to implement a comprehensive , modern trade agreement with is south korea , and for an economy our size that 's just laughable ( no offense to south korean bros ) . 
  and that 's still challengeable in court if someone decides to have a go , would n't be the first time . . 
   also that was n't my question . 
  my question was if you have a source that that whole thing did n't come from the uk . 
  not sure what you are asking ... 
  this is an area where the eu has competency and comes from council directives 80/181/eec and 2009/3/ec those were implemented in uk law via weights and measures ( metrication amendments ) regulations ... that really is n't contested is it ? 
   that the eu , which is mainly a trade block , is so hesitant to allow free trade is just amazingly ironic . 
  i think largely because it has become more focused on the political project rather than a trade bloc , and in becoming more politically focused it has become incredibly inward looking . . that 's going to get worse not better when the uk leaves too . 
   got a source on that ? 
  yeah , the land registry practice guide , page 20 , section 5.5 . 
  the land registry policy is to use metric measurements ( has been since 1995 ) except where imperial is already used on deeds or plans , there has not been a wholesale conversion of any imperial measurements appearing on title plans or registers created prior to 1995 either . .  it 's a nonstory . 
  if people cared about the acre they would have cared when the uk government stopped using it . 
  they did care . . and people are interested , so it is a story . 
   it 's typical `` us vs them '' propaganda piece . 
  it has no other value beyond that . 
  see here is the issue , its not a myth , it 's a valid story , people are interested in it , but you are dismissing it as propaganda , which apparently is enough to make it qualify in a section about myths . . 
  i mean , come on , either its a myth or not . 
  yes , papers are critical of eu decisions , they are also critical of uk government decisions ( and on metrification ! ) . 
  it seems what we really need is a definition of myth , because i 'm pretty sure it 's not ` things that the eu feels put them in a bad light ' . 
   because there has to be some kind of regulation about what kinds of measurement to use . 
  there has to be some kind of legal document that says you are to use the meter and here is how a meter is defined . 
  legislation like that exists since antiquity . 
  and since regulation in commerce is kinda the eus thing it also makes sense that it would be regulated on the european level going forward . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with that , an acre is defined as well as a meter though . 
   if the uk government goes ahead and says that they are n't using the acre anymore it makes sense to remove an obsolete unit from a list of exemptions . 
  they did n't though , the land registry simply did n't use it any more . 
  the point however is n't whether the regulation is valid or not ( although again , i do n't really see the need to regulate . . ) but whether the reporting is accurate . 
  it seems to be . 
  do you feel that the papers should n't report it because its the right move ? 
  or because you think that they should be more positive ? 
  i mean , why is it a myth that the eu took a particular position and that means you ca n't use acre any more . . it 's accurate . 
   they are n't banning the acre . 
  they 're saying that for land registry , they must use the hectare . 
  i bet this is about having one standard in the eu to measure land . 
  other than some confusion and having to calculate into another measurement , it changes nothing . 
  people can still use it , just not for official land registry . 
  indeed , all it did was remove the exemption for the acre , it has an impact beyond the land registry , but it 's mostly minor . 
  it 's a pain for people working with older documents , leases and so on , but its hardly seminal . 
  it 's also a bit pointless , but hey . 
  the point however is that its accurate , its not a myth . 
   when it simply could be : it is n't though , it 's a directive that removes the acre from the list of exemptions for measurements . 
  it prevents the acre from being used under some circumstances . . which is what the reporting claims . 
  it 's not a myth , what it is is the eu being upset at the reporting of the impact of a regulation , because people in the uk especially , seem to get upset when you try and use regulatory pressure to change things , or harmonise stuff across the eu ( especially measures ) . 
  the question would be why regulation would be required , if the uk is phasing it out for new registrations then what is the point , especially given that in theory at least , the uk was committed to slowly phasing out non-metric measures anyway . . 
  the point is that units of measurement are subject to european law in order to ensure consistency of measurement across member states and to ensure that the use of different units does not create a barrier to trade or restrict the free movement of goods and services across the european community . 
  that makes sense , however the uk has exemptions , if you remove those exemptions then , regardless of how sensible or justifiable it is , it still does n't change the fact that its not a myth ... a change in eu regulations meant that the use of acres was no longer exempt ( and not just for the land registry , but hey ) that 's the news and that 's the case . . its not a myth . 
   seems like an odd thing to do . 
  ca n't the two just co-exist ? 
  well they could , but obviously there has been ( and frankly should be . . ) a move toward metric , so i suppose the argument from those supporting this would be that gradually phasing things out helps harmonise and standardise stuff across the eu , it reduces costs when people have to compare hectare or acres with square kilometrs or whatever ... 
  the point of course in the uk is that it 's all a bit screwed anyway , our houses are built in odd sizes because most of them were built before metric was adopted ( hell , most of them were built before the currency was decimalised . . ) so its not practical for everything to just switch , it just creates confusing numbers and requires more maths than is reasonable . 
  for farmers the traditional rationale behind acres is obviously no longer relevant ( iirc it 's the amount of land you can plough in one day with two oxen . . ) but it 's probably present in lots of contracts and land registrations and will become a pain given how long some of those are ( 100s of years . . ) . 
  the point however is n't what 's practical , what people want etc. . it 's about harmonisation and i think that 's one trend where people in the uk have been a little upset ( not always reasonably . . ) because it feels like the removal of the traditional for the sake of conformity . 
   this selfish `` my country '' bullshit the problem that the eu has is that it has n't really sold the eu as a nation thing very well . 
  essentially not everyone is on board with the eu as a superstate or a federal entity , until that happens , the eu ca n't really pull together . 
  it 's also not bullshit nor selfish to prioritise your national or regional interests , especially if you do n't think the eu is capable of providing the same protections , at the end of the day , our national , regional and local governments are far more important to our daily lives than the eu . 
  the eu ( and by that i mean the institutions and the members ) needs to very clearly lay out what they are aiming for in terms of the future of the eu , and they need people to get on board with that . 
  what the eu ca n't do is keep trying to move in one direction whilst claiming it is n't , it ca n't continue to try to expand its remit , competencies and scope through crises and regulation . 
  it might have succeeded somewhat so far in simply moving and making everyone keep up , but the last few years have shown that countries and indeed people within eu countries are quite happy now to say no , even when their own governments are suggesting they should support something . 
  based on the current track record , the eu is going to either have to scale back its ambitions , or its going to have some real issues concluding any deals . 
  indeed , just form the front page take : ` acres outlawed by brussels ' the claim is that ` the acre , one of britain 's historic imperial measurements , is to be banned under a new european directive . 
  it will no longer be allowed in measurements when land is being registered and will be replaced by the hectare ' that 's not a myth , its correct . 
  the rebuttal states ` legislation being brought in to safeguard the use of the mile and the pint simply removes the exemption for the use of acres in land registry to reflect current uk practice . ', 
  so the land registry ( who maintain the register of land ) will no longer be permitted to use acres as a unit of measure , and anyone selling land ca n't give the measure in acres , but has to give it in hectares . 
  now that might seem silly ( in fact it is . . ) but you ca n't really call it a myth . . 
  quite a lot of them are n't myths though , they are at most rebuttals to the way a particular story has been reported , they also do n't link to reporting on the ` myths ' and generally seem to address the headlines . 
  it seems like a reasonable thing to do , but it 's not going actually have an impact on reporting . . 
  you could make the argument that this not being pushed through at the last minute might actually mean someone looks at the issues with the way the eu negotiates , presents and can conclude trade agreements , and starts to consider why some reforms might be needed . .
