  granted elements of the current government does n't seem overly impressed with certain aspects of the eu , but that is kind of their right as a member is n't it ? 
   on the other hand a hungary outside the eu would probably turn into a russian aligned fascist state capable of undermining the stability of central and eastern europe so it might be better to keep them in the eu . 
  you make it sound like eu membership is some sort of leash rather than something intended as mutually beneficial arrangement . . 
  yeah . . 
  i checked the time and date on this one and it was after midday . . 
  i had understood eu citizenship to be a result of being the national of a member state , rather than something separate , so this struck me as somewhat strange . . be interesting to see if the court saw it differently . 
   the eu would have to intervene on the spanish side due to article 42 ( 7 ) it would n't have to , given that any annexation of gibraltar by spain would be an aggressive act and article 42 ( 7 ) is defensive in nature . . 
   your choices as an englishman are look like an edl supporter or take the shit eu one . 
  i 'll consider myself chastised and enlightened . 
  & nbsp ; & nbsp ; ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ rule ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ britania , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ britania ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ waves ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ rules ... 
  have you seen the monstrosity next to my name ?!!, 
  i did not want it i did not ask for it , it just appeared , like a benevolent wind , heating the cockles and breathing life into this old ... oh my god what have we done ... 
  the translation is ` can you say it in a ~ ~ sensible ~ ~ understandable language ' . 
  christ man , learn german , it 's not hard and it 's the future . 
   well , it could . 
  the uk is a quarter of the eu 's military budget . 
  if all nato-eu members get back to 2 % , i think that that would be far enough ( if the current average is 1.5 % or less , it would ) . 
  in spending terms it 'd make up a small fraction of the difference , in capability terms it wo n't . 
  even if you just look at spending , the uk leaving massively increases the gap between nato spending and eu spending when taken separately . 
  that puts a fairly major dent in the notion of the eu being as important or as capable as nato in terms of european defence . 
   the predicted turnout will be around 73 % , with the `` yes '' winning ( actually slaying it ) by around 60 something % . 
  that 'd be interesting , but that essentially means a yes from 42 % of the electorate , if there is a claim , or the perception of a large proportion of no voters boycotting , that 's where you hit credibility issues . . arguably you 'd be better off with a close result given it 'd show both sides were engaged and voted . 
   there will be a boycott , but only by the most radicalised unionists , which are a minority in catalonia . 
  most people just want to vote , regardless of their sympathy towards independence . 
  if the latter is true it should n't cause too much of a perception issue , if it gets spun that no voters did n't turn out however . . 
   a pooled eu military ex uk ( which is happening , large parts of the german and dutch armies have started integrating and that 's where it starts ) a pooled eu military is n't really happening though is it , there are some mild moves , lots of bilateral defence stuff not under the banner of the eu ( the various bilateral agreements . . ) , but there is n't a real framework in place , no notion of how it would actually be managed as a single force , and so far no real agreement on what the relationship between the eu , national forces and anything else would be . 
  yes , if you take the raw numbers and pooled all the eu military budgets , personnel and equipment , and gave it a few years to shake out , and obviously spent a lot more money to put the fundamentals in place it would be a serious player . 
  but that is n't currently happening . 
  at best , the eu is sort of talking a bit more about it . .  you live in a bubble no , i do n't , but you seem to be confusing the potential with the reality , and indeed the issues around getting to where you think the eu could be from where it is now . 
   i agree nato did protect us , i do n't deny that . 
  nato is usefull , but there are some flaws today ... 
  but compared to what the eu has to offer , it 's a huge amount more relevant . . that 's the point here . 
  the eu could at some point do what nato is doing , but it ca n't now and it wo n't be able to for a long time just in practical terms . . at the moment the argument is still really about whether the eu even wants to . 
  in short , the eu is n't really relevant to european defence as such at the moment , and the uk , outside of the eu , is n't going to focus on the grouping that does n't work for defence , especially given there is one that does . 
   and yes it will hurt europe , but europe need to evolve , the world is evolving , it 's time to follow that trend i always enjoy this as a notion . . 
  the uk , europe and the world are always evolving , but there is n't really a specific trend to be followed , there is n't some obvious path forward . 
  the eu has n't really chosen a direction ( in this area and in others ) and is n't really progressing in any particular direction either , as a block it will be weaker militarily when the uk is out , not stronger , so what trend is being followed ? 
   we might at least us that to push us in the right direction . 
  agreed , but i bet you 'll find it hard to find a majority of people across the eu who all agree on what the right direction is , whether that is in defence terms of generally . 
   they were boycotted too , just not by lots of people . 
  they were official referendums with almost no organised boycotts and were seen to be legitimate and representative of the region . 
  if you get a large boycott ( as has been the case previously iirc ) it 's much harder to claim both . 
   if someone boycotts it it would be pp and c 's sector , which is a minority of the population , so my comment stands . 
  it sort of does and does n't . 
  if turnout is low because only one side is n't turning out you have an issue , if turnout is average and both sides are turning out you do n't have an issue . 
  the problem really is around whether one side is n't voting intentionally and whether that means the result reflects the views of the region . . to be clear a 60 % turnout where both sides are well represented would be fine in my view , a 60 % turnout where both sides are n't ( and you see another 80 % win for independence . . ) is n't . .  anyways , if all goes as catalonia 's governament plan , it will be official . 
  why ? 
  as you may know , spain opposes it , but catalonia , has prepared what they call transition laws ( somekind like brexit 's ) , which would create a new legislation . 
  this , would force the international community to step in , and either get them to make spain accept the referendum or back spain , something that imo would be really strange , since , even though with spain 's pressions , lots of diplomats , mps , etc have steped in for catalonia 's referendum the last two yeras . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how that works out in practice , and whether the international community recognises the result or any udi . 
  if the poll is run fairly , there is decent participation and a majority for independence then it should , but we 'll see . .  what i do n't get though is this +55 % ( or another number , i underestand is an example ) . 
  mostly just simple numbers in an example , you can work oug 80 % of 70 % quite easily . . 
  the context was one side not voting , so 80 % of 70 % gives you a majority even if almost no anti-independence voters vote . 
   i mean ... would it be democratic to say that a 51 % is n't enough but at the same time say that what a 49 % is enough ? 
  it sounds kinda demos-breaking in my view 51 % would be enough , i just ca n't think of a quick and dirty way of representing that ( 70 % of 70 % is 49 % , 70 % of 80 % gets you over the 50 % mark . . that 's all i was going for . . ) with people still being able to do it quickly in their head . . 
  if the eu wants an army , it needs an executive that can manage an army , that 'd be a huge transfer of power from the member states to the eu and need a slew of supporting elements too , from foreign policy , intelligence , procurement and so on , through to something akin to military law for soldiers . 
  if an eu army is instead just a set of contributions to an essentially multinational force , then it 's less useful than the member states are individually anyway . . 
  i really do n't see how this works effectively without some major change somewhere , and a change of priority and thinking within member states too . 
  no , but in both cases they were official referendums without organised boycotts . 
  if one side of the region does n't take part in the poll , it 's hard to claim the result as legitimate . . 
  the answer in this case would be an official referendum , which catalonia frankly deserves , but does n't look like it 'll get . . at that point anything that displays in a referendum that half or more of the population favour a udi is sort of the minimum requirement for legitimacy ( and 80 % of a 70 % turnout would get you to about 55 % of the electorate . . ) . 
  the issue is around the eu 's role , and the eu would like itself to have a role ( it 'd probably like to have primacy in european defence . . ) but it is n't capable or moving toward being capable . . that 's really the issue , with the uk leaving the eu , the eu is considerably weaker than it was in a lot of areas and even if other eu members boost their military spending it wo n't even make up the uk shaped hold that has now appeared . 
  as you point out the uks military foremost commitment will be nato , the potential of the eu as a military power is essentially one that is failing to materialise and that is n't new , and it is n't surprising , but it does sort of counter the narrative from the eu and certain eu leaders , especially in the context of their concerns over the stability and viability of nato with trump as president . 
   it 's a valid point , but in all honesty i think it 's a good thing for europe in the end if it can boost european cooperation in a common defense project . 
  it probably would be , but i do n't see it happening . . 
  i think you 'll end up with eu states seeing any integration as cost saving measures , and a lot of actual defence cooperation will remain outside of the eu ( as it is now with bilateral agreements and other multinational frameworks . . ) . 
   and uk comment only highlight the main issue of nato in europe , nato is not here to protect europe , but to protect foreign interest in europe . 
  it 's both . 
  europe 's interests align with those of other none european and non-eu members , yes that is in part about the whole western sphere of influence , but it does provide a real defence too . 
   we took advantage of that for decades and relied on it too much i think the point here is that the we was europe not the eu , the uk had hundreds of thousands of troops stationed in germany , it still inter-operates with lots of european countries ( eu and not . . ) on strategic defence issues , and some of the major areas where there needs to be cross cooperation fall outside of the eu in terms of membership and territory . 
  that obviously becomes a bigger thing with the uk on the outside . 
   if brexit can be a good kick in the butt to put us in the right direction , i welcome it . 
  i doubt it will in the short term , and frankly do n't see the eu as an organisation being able to do the things that are necessary to step into the role nato is doing any time soon , it 's arguably one of the areas where the uk leaving , even as a member that was opposed to that kind of integration , weakens the eu rather than providing a spur to deal with the issue . 
  my other half managed one episode before giving up in disgust . . 
  i think the rule that you ca n't watch anything that touches on your area of specialism is about right . . 
  it sort of can , i think the bbc still comes out on top , but decent german radio is n't bad either ( uk commercial stations are pretty horrible though , especially their advertising , i 'd take a german station over those any day of the week . . ) . 
  news reporting is about on a par and in terms of talk radio i think german radio is pretty close , but not quite on the same level . . 
  although that 's mostly listening to the various wdr/ndr etc. . stations . 
  it 's better than german radio in terms of content and variety , the news is about on a par though , and in terms of talk radio like r4 , german radio is n't that far behind . 
   the silent majority who thinks that things generally are okay in the uk context , i think the result was that the ` silent majority ' turned to think it actually was n't ok , so whilst you are absolutely right , this is something that needs to be debated and argued sensibly and with people who might otherwise be disengaged , do n't expect people to simply fall in line and listen to what people want in terms of gradual improvements and reform . . 
   because they believe the eu is bad for its constituent nations . 
  i share this view . 
  it 's hard to make that determination from the outside though , and if you look at the evidence , the results you get vary by nation ( although your own priorities and views will skew that . . ) . 
  whilst it 's almost certainly right that the uk is better off outside of the eu , the same ca n't easily be said for poland . 
  it might work for germany , but that does n't seem popular with the population . 
  the same goes for france to a certain extent , although there is a bit more support there for a future outside of the eu . . 
  the eu as an organisation needs some serious reform and more clarity on what it is actually aiming for ( we 've seen various proposals on that recently . . ) , if it can do that , then there is no reason why most current members would n't continue to see a benefit from membership . 
  the problem with the word reform , is that it can mean anything to anyone , a significant number of people in the uk would absolutely have voted to remain in a reformed eu , the problem is that half would have wanted reforms to go in one direction , the other for them to go in the opposite direction . .  one of the few benefits people mention about uk leaving is that eu can finally move forward . 
  hopefully , although the uk is n't the only barrier , and i would argue that the direction you are probably thinking the eu will go , is the one a lot of people in the uk , even on the remain side , would have been unhappy with . 
  all in , the uk leaving is an opportunity for both , but it is an opportunity that still needs to be worked for , there is no default that will just work . . 
  i think the point is more that in the context of the uk and european defence the eu will be less relevant with the uk out , nato is the organisation with the assets and capabilities in place and the bulk of the commitments to nato come from non-eu countries . 
  the quote from the article :  fallon played down the eu 's role in protecting europe 's frontline states in the baltics : `` three out of the four countries leading nato 's s enhanced forward presence in eastern europe [ a force deployed to deter russia ] will be non-eu members , '' he said . 
  `` when britain leaves the eu , around 80 percent of nato defense spending will be non-eu . '' is pretty accurate , and wo n't change unless eu countries significantly increase their capabilities and likely spending ( and well above the 2 % nato target if they want the eu to be the primary military power defending europe . . 
  yeah of course , although more akin to say monaco than the vatican or san marino , you could make somewhat similar arguments about jersey and guernsey too though and france does n't seem that bothered . 
  so i think whilst geography undoubtedly has some bearing , i 'd assume the history has far more . 
   i can see why it would be a concern to have a foreign spot in your territory . 
  imagine for example that the uk decided to use it to keep their nuclear waste . 
  to be fair there are other agreements that prevent you from doing things like storing nuclear waste near other countries , and obviously gibraltar is n't a foreign spot on spanish territory as the territory is n't spanish . 
  i think the latter is the driver , spain sees gibraltar as spanish , the uk does n't ( and the people living in gibraltar do n't seem to . . ) which leads to a disconnect both in terms of whether there is anything to discuss and the level of feeling about it . 
  may 's proposals were may 's proposals though , not eu proposals . . why would n't they contradict the things the eu had said ... ?
