  except the pressure for tariffs is precisely because government is seen as not doing enough to protect the steel industry ... and of course removing the tariffs or reducing them would likely later be seen as an attack on the steel industry . 
  china is hardly alone in the world to have been accused of , or indeed found to be dumping . 
  i think the notion that ` china just wo n't play by the rules ' is a bit of a daft argument , almost every country has or does do that , from the us through to various european companies . 
  we see that in the fines that people keep dishing out . 
  china is looking to use its size to its advantage , and has been very protective of its industry , that has had negative and positive consequences globally , depending on your economy and your view . . 
  when it comes to steel , cheap chinese imports may be good for china , but they are also good for quite a few eu members . 
   the issue with state aid from a eu perspective is that you have 27 different state with different financial ability to aid their industries . 
  i 'm with you up to there ...  tariffs on the other hand protect all the states equally , and also all companies allowing for free internal competition . 
  not really , they protect all steel exporting states , they harm importers ... 
  they also help the larger producers more than the smaller ones . 
   also , i think that state aid practices are more conducive to corporate-government dependency than tariffs . 
  setting tariffs is a more detached business than directly funneling money into companies . 
  being able to ask a government to protect you from your competitors is a pretty big thing , i 'm not sure it matter too much whether the increase in money you see comes because you are protected by tariffs or because you are provide with some sort of state benefit . 
   when were you there ? 
  got back last week ...  i 'm in nrw now and vapes do not seem rare at all . 
  what you do n't get is those obnoxious vape enthusiasts blowing huge clouds of rancidly sweet smelling cherry or strawberry in public though , well at least less often . 
  vapers tend to be ex-smokers and less often tend to be kids who think it 's cool , the kids who think smoking is cool here just smoke . 
  on the kids thing , absolutely . . 
  but i just did n't see as many people with vapes . 
  again , it 's not a good sample size ( i.e. 
  whoever i happened to see ) but it does feel like its much bigger in the uk at present . 
  as to the rest , yup , broadly agree . 
  frankly i do n't see the eu as a valid counter to the us , or china for that matter , and whilst i would be happy to see a successful federal eu , i would n't want to be part of one . . 
  yes . . 
  but it does n't prevent poor governance . 
  it 's not the only form of state aid either , but its the big one that 's been making noise most recently . 
  i did some work with thyssenkrupp a while ago , they are well supported through everything from tax incentives and cheap credit ( although the latter should a bit moot at the moment , it is n't given the corporate credit status ... ) through to what amounts to an export subsidy in the euro ( although that latter is n't exactly state aid from germany , and more like support from all their euro partners , and somewhat involuntary . . ) . 
  anyway , i 'd rather see state aid than tariffs . 
   vapes are common in germany , vape shops have popped up everywhere , do n't know where you 're getting that idea . 
  like i said , its anecdotal . 
  i spend some time in nrw and i did n't see anything like as many people vaping as i do in the uk , more ` box ' vapers than the pen ones too . . 
  but different groups using them too . 
   i think it comes down to the fact that continental europe has always had a more moderate attitude to these things . 
   the uk and us are very bad at moderation on the whole , either everyone smokes or nobody does . 
  we 've gone from the 70s where virtually everyone smoked , to now where smoking is harshly socially criticised . 
  we 've achieved this by demonising smoking , calling smoking trashy , low class , and disgusting . 
  our society has used a very childish level of social disapproval to make smoking taboo and unappealing . 
  yeah agreed , its a really unappealing trait in a society actually . 
  it basically means people feel the need to suck the enjoyment out of pretty much all the minor vices that people enjoy . 
   germans simply do n't go for this kind of base level social manipulation as readily . 
  of course smoking is still disapproved of in those countries , but the attitude is much more one of `` smoke if you want to smoke , it 's not my business '' , and potential and current smokers are n't so readily put off by the fact that social wants to label them a `` poopy head '' for smoking . 
  the attitude is much more one `` fuck you , i 'll do what i like and i do n't care what some quarters of society might try to label me '' . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree with your description of germany as having quite that much of a laissez faire attitude to social issues , whether they have a personal impact or not . 
  there is still a lot of stigma associated with certain things , and transgressions against that social norm are frowned upon pretty heavily . 
  the difference is that they tend to be around things that are perceived to be against the common good , ( and are often codified ) . . 
  they also get horribly ingrained , i still wince at the notion of drilling a hole in a wall on a sunday ( and i 'm in the uk ) or washing my car when its parked outside of my house . . 
  not really no , if it ever goes that far wrong there wo n't be much point in being afraid . 
   it 's not an experiment . 
  that 's how stuff had been organized for millennia . 
  you are talking about applying a drastically different governance framework to the one that exists now to the eu . . and not one that has existed ` for milennia ' . 
  some sort of regional government has existed since roman times and for good reasons that exceed communication problems . 
  some form , perhaps , and under different structures , but it would be a transition from where we are now , and would be very different from what has existed at any other point in time too . 
  there may be similar historical models , but the notion that this is how stuff has been organised for millennia is an massive oversimplification at best and a gross distortion at worst . 
   different biomes and different resources favor different industries and need different policies . 
  a building code for tyrol probably has good reasons to be different from one in sicily . 
  and what about policy on gay marriage , or military conscription ? 
  should there be a difference in policy on gmo production or emissions ? 
  what about approaches to schooling ? 
  is there a voting system that comes naturally or ... 
  there are a million different issues with spread responses that are n't all based on geography , geology , biology , phytology or dominant industry . 
  you are trying to neatly filter people based on what might seem like a sensible basis , but reality , as we see quite regularly , does n't quite work like that . 
   i do n't know about england but in german countries there has always been a very strong regional element with stuff like the hre or the german reich only providing a , often rather weak sometimes stronger , envelope . 
  its very much not the same in the uk , there is both more and less devolution , depending on area . 
  i know that 's true in france and spain too ( and likely every other eu member . . ) . 
  germany is n't the only model for governance in the eu and i 'd argue it is neither the most successful nor the most common . 
   it 's the current centralized model of some states that bleeds some regions dry . 
  its bad governance that does that , not the structure of that governance . 
  [ ( see my other reply . . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/529xpj/the_false_promise_of_a_freetrade_paradise_for/d7jok6w ), 
  well that and they had a large cross over of people who used to vote labour voting lib dem , and , whilst they no doubt had some successes in pushing their positions , they also ended up pushing some pretty problematic ( from their own bases perspective ) policies . 
  i 'd argue that not enabling the tories would have been electorally better for the lib dems , and frankly a toss up for the country . 
  yeah . . 
  it does . 
  there have been a couple of rulings on the matter from the commission too ( mostly clarifying what the eu sees as problematic . . ) . 
  from energy subsidies to preferential bidding there is state support for steel production , and calls for a relaxing of the rules too . 
   all i 'm arguing is that euro politicians protecting the steel industry is to be expected . 
  short term it shows politicians protecting jobs in the historical rust belts of europe . 
  that 's a vote earner . 
  and i would n't disagree with you . 
  all i 'm saying is that that does n't work everywhere , and it would harm industry in other parts of the eu hence the opposition from some eu states . 
   of course it would be a great economic boon to buy up chinese steel at far less than production value and use it to boost local manufacturing , all the while ensuring that the employees in steel production do not go to waste ( make aluminium maybe ? 
  that 's like china offering direct subsidies to european manufacturing . 
  it would , essentially that 's what the uk is doing , the eu could do the same and subsidise eu steel production on the side . 
  the issue is that the eu generally exports quite a bit of steel , and no-doubt if the eu took that position , other importers would slap tariffs on eu exports . 
   on long term political reasons : there are enough important people who think about keeping some steel production local as a long-term geopolitical imperative that european steel producers will be protected . 
  it 's a matter of long-term strategy . 
  there are , but again , there are also some who do n't , and they also have a vote . 
  this is where the eu suggestion of waivers is going to be interesting . 
   even if the perceived risk is small , there will be some protectionism : china produces half the worlds ' steel in a market that has massive overcapacity . 
  there probably will be , but at the eu level , protectionism of this sort requires enough support to bring it in to play , at present that support does n't exist , which means it ca n't happen without either a change in the proposals , or a change in the voices who have a say . 
   the possibilities for dumping are immense . 
  they are . 
  now there 's a potentially interesting policy , we should keep the minimum wage in line with the price of cigarettes ... 
   dissolve the nation states , create 5 ~ 10 million people regions along national , ethnic and historic lines and move some competences of the nation states to the eu and some to the regions . 
  right . . 
  but do people want regions along ethnic and historic lines ? 
  i mean the issue is n't that there are n't lots of ways to organise stuff , the issue is that you have to find a way that makes sense to the people you are doing it to . 
  nation states are n't arbitrary as such , they are basically geographic representations of social structures to a large extent , especially in an era of welfare states and peace . . 
  some parts of the current eu may well like being broken down into regions , others would hate it . 
  take northern ireland , do you think you 'd be able to break that off from the uk to create a 5-10m person region ( merge it with ireland ? 
  that 'd work . . ) would the average spaniard like the idea of spain being broken up ?
