  catalans might , 5-10m would create a catalan region after all . . we can all draw up new boundaries , design reasonably representative electoral mechanisms , come up with constitutional settlements that are neat and pretty , but if they do n't represent what people actually want , if they do n't tie together whatever allegiances and attachments people have then whats the point ? 
  you are essentially just creating more nation states , except now each one really is incapable of independent existence . .  that 's the only way for europe to stay relevant in the future and to release some tensions within europe . 
  if it is , then you may as well give up now , there is pretty much no-way of achieving this . 
  the nation states are n't going to go for it , and under those conditions , the ability to achieve it eu wide is non-existant . 
   the regions in europe are pretty homogenous unlike `` nation '' states . 
  there are some regions like south tyrol and northern ireland that suffer from the relics of past fascist governments that attempted to colonize them by relocating people from different parts of the country but those are few . 
  the regions in europe are somewhat homogenous , but you still end up with the same issue that suddenly a central federal government may well be governing with the interests of all in mind , but ignoring the majorities in many regions . 
  countries might no longer exist , but the regions that they are made up from will continue to have particular quirks ( as i mentioned above ) . 
  the only way to defeat that would be to push mobility massively , essentially to do what you are talking about with regard to northern ireland ( and indeed what the soviets did ) , trying to move people around to change demographics and politics does n't generally go down well . 
   the only regions that would suffer from changes like that are the capital regions of hyper centralized states like the uk , france and spain . 
  but germany is a good example that a pluricentric state can also work . 
  that 's clearly not true either , apart from the issue that you are going to end up with lots of vast , low density regions at odds with the needs of tiny high density regions , you are going to have issues with things like birth rates , some regions are going to grow very rapidly indeed , whilst other shrink rather rapidly too . 
  given the uneven distribution of wealth across the eu as it is , you are going to see massive increases in poverty and deprivation as nation states no longer carry out fiscal transfers , or you are going to see the need for massive fiscal transfers from relatively small , high cost areas to the very large low cost ones . . 
  in short , its a nice map exercise , but in practice it falls down economically , socially , politically and practically , and would be missing any kind of popular mandate , whilst failing to address the issues its supposedly going to solve . . do n't get me wrong , it 'd be an interesting experiment , but i 'd rather not have to watch it , even from this side of the channel . 
   you have to free your mind from the notion that nation states are something different than the eu . 
  that 's only in your head . 
  well , firstly , the eu is n't a nation state , so they are different . . 
  it 's not just in my head , but even an eu as a federal entity ( or indeed a unitary states ) it would be different just on the basis of scale . 
  the fact that there 's 10 times as many people in the eu does n't change a thing . 
  there 's 10 times as many people in germany than there are in austria and the only difference is that one is relevant and the other not . 
  it 's very relevant . 
  it means that when you push a policy that some proportion of the public do n't like , you are now upsetting 10x more . . and when they are all geographically concentrated , that 's a pretty big recipe for secession . 
  and size does n't equal relevance , if it did the 10 most important countries in the world would be china , india the united states , indonesia , brazil , pakistan , nigeria , bangladesh and russia . 
  relevance takes more than just size . 
  the eu is actually a pretty good example of that , it punches well below its weight internationally in quite a lot of the areas it should be reasonably good in . 
  never mind the areas where it could in theory be a power but does n't have the competencies . .  the differences between carinthia and vienna are just as big as between bavaria and brandenburg . 
  i 'm not sure how relevant that is , the point remains that there are differences defined by things as arbitrary as national borders , and some of those have serious implications to politics . 
  the french are proud of their military capability and have interests all over the world , the germans see an expeditionary military as problematic , the poles see russia as a major strategic threat , the greeks . . not so much , in germany privacy is sacrosanct , in the uk people will give it away for a free email address . 
  we are all very similar , but we are also somewhat conditioned by our education systems , our politics , our religions and our history . 
  you ca n't easily homogenise that and come out with some average . 
  now ideally , a federal eu with massive subsidiarity and local autonomy might work , but hey , there is n't even a consensus within the eu to support that . . 
   no ... david cameron was supposed to file art. 50 immediately after the referendum , as the first order of business in his first visit to brussels on the 28th of june . 
  indeed , although as i am sure you are aware , that statement , made by a pro-remain prime minister , would appear to have been more about increasing the feeling of uncertainty than anything reasonable . 
  something that backfired somewhat . .  instead , he came out of nr .10 the morning of the result on the 24th , and resigned . 
  not much left for him to do , he 'd staked rather too much on a remain win , and then lost . 
   steel is a strategic resource . 
  european countries feel that at least some steel production must remain in ` friendly ' countries . 
  and some steel production will ( as it receives state aid anyway when prices drop ) , not to mention production in countries like the us and japan . 
  but lets be clear , steel is as much of a strategic resource these days as the processors or the oil used to produce petrol , diesel and kerosene , less so in fact . 
  its readily available from multiple sources , many of which are friendly states and all eu states have some capacity ( including the uk . . ) . 
   china 's dumping could very well kill off production in these ` friendly ' countries , which is ( i believe ) unacceptable risk to a bunch of european countries . 
  i do n't think it will , and i think that the strategic resource argument might make more sense if the eu were n't quite such a large producer and exporter of steel . . 
  this is n't primarily about the threat to the eu steel industry from a strategic perspective , its an economic issue for the steel exporters ( which is perfectly valid by the way . . ) . 
  the point however for the uk , and quite a few other eu states , is the same , they benefit from cheaper steel , do n't benefit from tariffs and the strategic argument is weak . 
  essentially in this instance it would be beneficial for some eu members to be able to apply their own tariffs ( although being able to foist them on the whole bloc would obviously be even better ! ), 
  and it looks like that will be the next attempt ( tariffs with a per-member waiver . . ) but the structure of the eu wo n't allow the eu to apply tariffs that are n't in the interests of some members who are able to reject their application . . 
  i 'm always a bit torn about this issue because i 'd prefer the uk were in a position where it had a traditional steel industry to protect , but given that it does n't , i do n't quite see how it benefits anyone to harm the rest of the uks manufacturers . . 
   none of the brexit cabinets were foreseen in the conservative election campaign so claiming they 'd be impossible to integrate into policy without a general election is contradictory to reality . 
  erm . . what ? 
  cabinet appointments are n't generally laid out in a manifesto , and the conservative party had the referendum in theirs , but no policy commitments . 
  i do n't understand why , without a general election , a government would be able to have policy forced onto it by a campaign group only campaigning on one question . 
  i mean it does n't make a lot of sense does it ? 
  the uk government now has to make a decision , it has n't changed since the vote , but it has to take it into account . 
  but it was n't responsible for laying out the leave campaigns policy positions , and the leave campaign was n't responsible for creating policy for government either ...  there is no question the uk is entitled to wait , but there is a question about the reasons for the wait . 
  because the uk is preparing its position for the negotiation , working through preparations for the massive change in legislation and so on , and putting a whole department together to deal with the issues raised ... that seems fairly sensible to me ...  if the delay becomes part of the negotiation strategy itself , the eu will undoubtedly find a way to put pressure on the uk . 
  i doubt it , there is nothing the eu can do in a meaningful time-frame to force the uk to do anything on the issue , but then again , i think the uk is simply trying to ensure that it is ready to negotiation and that it is in a position to get the best possible terms . 
  the eu will likely do the same , and lets face it , whilst the uk gets to fire the starting gun , it will be at least partly down to the eu to lay out the timetable for negotiations , so its hardly one sided . 
  however , the initial notion ( by the poster i replied to ) was that this was an indication that the uk might not be leaving  provided they 're actually going to leave . 
  which is becoming increasingly unlikely as time passes . 
  that 's pretty clearly not at issue , the uk is leaving , the question now is really about how and slightly about when ( even that 's not much in doubt , the current assessment would be early 2017 for the a50 , if not earlier ), 
  oh wow . . and the uk is down at 73rd ... 
  so maybe it 's more the ` where people smoke ' thing . 
  just from this august it felt like there was a lot more smoking in france , those numbers make it look like a little more at best . . 
  must be more than 50 % . . a pack of 20 cost about # 2.50 in 1995 , now its above # 9.00 . 
  but yeah , that helps . . and i 'd argue that that 's the reason we see more vaping too ( although i have n't seen any stats , so that 's purely anecdotal ) . 
  the question is whether this is predatory or not , i 'd argue it probably is n't . 
  essentially the chinese state poured money into steel production , so they have vast amounts of capacity , but domestic demand has dropped . 
  they are n't looking to close down capacity whilst they can sell , so prices do n't look like they are going to rise , indeed ca n't rise , without some of that capacity dropping out . . 
  essentially demand for steel in china could impact supply , and in the long term there could well be demand as other countries industrialise , but at the moment it simply seems like we have a lot of production overcapacity that is n't going anywhere . 
  on the eu side , eu states generally ( the uk notably not . . ) have supported their steel production through state support too , so tariffs or not , i do n't think eu production is going anywhere quickly , and if it were to there are other suppliers in the us , japan and elsewhere , probably with a mild climb in the price , but not coming close to 2011 levels . . 
  there is an interesting book called something like `` industry and politics in west germany '' that talks a bit about the issues that the german steel industry had in the early 80s , and the multilateral , union , worker , owner , state approach taken ( as well as some of the fuck ups . . ) that 's worth reading when it comes to steel , and indeed the importance of steel to germany , not as a component of national defence , but as an industry that sets a basis for other german industry ... 
  anyway , the uk , for better or for worse ( worse if you talk about community costs and regional impact ) went a different way , and as a result is pretty much already much more tied to the world market and importing steel . 
  but it is a world market , its not just an eu one , or a chinese one , there is no systemic threat to global steel production , there may be one to european steel production , but the cure ( punitive tariffs ) would harm uk producers , because we 'd be making their source materials artificially expensive , whilst their competitors in other countries continued to have access to cheaper steel . . swings , roundabouts , and uncomplimentary industrial policies . . 
  i 'm aware of what dumping is , in this case though it looks like massive state subsidised overcapacity as a result of china 's reduced demand rather than a predatory move by china , in any case , the end result for the uk and some other eu countries is the same , cheaper steel . 
  if the uk were n't importing it from china , they 'd be importing it from germany , italy , france , belgium , the us or one of any number of other steel exporters , obviously the eu generally would prefer ( quite reasonably ) that the uk would indeed import from an eu country , albeit at a higher price , that 'd be better for eu steel producers ( but slightly less good for the uk ) . 
  the uk is just about a net importer of steel by weight , but by value it is a net exporter of steel products , in short , its more important to uk industry to be able to import steel cheaply , than it is to protect its production of low value steel ( as i said elsewhere in this thread , that 's largely because of how the uk treated its steel industry when compared to other eu countries , but hey , that 's where we are . . ) . 
  absolutely , that was somewhat true even 10 years ago ( shit ... that suddenly feels like a long time ago . . ) . 
  it 's one of the few social shifts that seems really obvious and seems to have happened quite quickly . 
  goes the other way in places like egypt too . . 
  to be fair , i 'm talking perception , although sales figures , as you point out do seem to vindicate at least two of those . . 
  i do think you still see far more people smoking in france than in the uk , and sale and presence of cigarettes is way more noticeable . 
   you have to realize that that diversity only exists in your mind most often . 
  the difference between a german and a brit is superficial at best . 
  diversity of opinion , especially where it is influenced by culture , religion , history and all the rest of it does exist and there is quite a lot of it across the eu . 
  that 's not a bad thing either , it means we have a diversity of approaches to different problems too . 
  whilst it would be nice to say that we are all broadly the same , it simply is n't accurate , there are local and regional differences , differences due to wealth and there are significant social differences . 
  take things like the approach to id cards in the uk vs elsewhere , or religiosity , the acceptability of smoking , hell , take the preference of a manual transmission over an automatic . 
  yes , they are all superficial differences to a certain extent , but they do inform political and social choices . 
  if your choice is suddenly removed , that 's not a good thing ...  you also ignore that while , i personally think , that scaling effects hardly matter inwards as disenfranchising 48 % of all people is the same no matter if your base 60 or 600 million , those scaling effects matter far more on the outside . 
  except of course you are disenfranchising massively more people ... and if that 48 % is split unevenly across regions that used to be independent , you could be going from only a small fraction of people having a position imposed on them to 48 % ...  a federal eu can simply get more stuff done than a federal germany or an uk . 
  it can get the same amount of stuff done ... 
  it simply might be able to do it over a larger area and a larger population . 
  something being bigger does n't necessarily make it stronger , or more legitimate or even more likely to make the right choices after all . 
   so in my mind i get outvoted probably just as much no matter the scope and scale of the government currently responsible but the bigger the top level the more it can do for me . 
  and my view is that my position would be worth less , i 'd probably get outvoted more and the government would be no more able to do more for me . . at best i might have the consolation of belonging to a larger , or slightly more relevant bloc , but that does n't really help in the face of having a far smaller say and less local independence . 
   europe 's nation states on their own are neither here nor there . 
  the uk is too big to be able to be concerned with regional affairs , those are still best left to the municipalities or provincial governments , and it 's too small to trade blows with china or the us . 
  i think this is a fundamental mistake . 
  the uk government is able to deal with national issues , and able to devolve the rest more effectively than a much larger government might . 
  it is also big enough to manage on the international stage , it is n't a superpower and it wo n't ever be , but it can and will continue to be able to press its interests .
