  oh and obviously you can also be deported as an eu national . . 
  the st george 's cross has some fairly serious negative connotations in the uk too ( not so much the union flag it has to be said . . ) , mostly relating to a perception of racism ( with a bit of football hooliganism thrown in . . ) , and whilst there have been a few attempts to fix that it sort of has n't worked that well ( it has moderated a bit , but not that much . . ) . 
  that said , flag flying generally has n't been a major thing in the uk , i think most people shy away from over statements of patriotism . . 
  it does seem that in germany things are a bit different these days though , as a kid i do n't think i ever saw a german flag flying apart from around football matches and such , now around where some of my family live in nrw there are far more flags flying in gardens and such . 
   if you are stopped at the border the onus is on the officials to say you ca n't enter , by default you can enter , this is the essence of a right . 
  yes ... 
  same as for anyone on the [ registered traveller programme ] ( https://www.gov.uk/registered-traveller ) or entering under visa waiver rules . . you have access with conditions applied and you can be refused entry under certain conditions . .  obviously i have a right to walk down my road outside my house , but obviously if i start carrying around illegal drugs or other substances harmful to society , society can restrict that right ( by locking me up until trial , then after trial lock me up more if judge rules ) . 
  right ? 
  and ? 
  if you arrived at a uk border , as an eu citizen and were stopped by immigration and , instead of saying ` i 'm coming to the uk for work ' or ` i 'm coming to the uk as a tourist/student ' , you said something like , ` i 'm coming to the uk but i do n't want to work , i 'll probably just live in a friends house ' you can ( and possibly would ) be denied entry , because you do n't meet the conditions to exercise your treaty right of free movement , and are n't coming in with any other valid reason . . you do n't have to have been convicted of an offence to be refused entry . .  if the population of berlin decided to travel over to scotland , without carrying drugs or firearms or whatever , they would n't be allowed to be stopped . 
  yes ... 
  they can be stopped , anyone can be stopped ( almost everyone is stopped if you come via the channel tunnel or ferry , and if you are coming by aircraft , you are essentially pre-screened through the passenger manifest stuff , and can still be stopped ... ) . 
  there is nothing stopping the uk stopping and questioning every single person coming in via any airport , port or other entry point . . that is n't what free movement is about , seriously , see the link posted above . 
   because as the uk and germany are both members of the european union , one 's lot of citizens have freedom of movement within the other 's place . 
  jesus christ , the level of uninformed people on this issue is immense . 
  as an eu citizen you have the right to move to any country and work , that is freedom of movement . 
  within schengen , there are no routine border controls , so you probably wo n't have your passport checked ( but can be stopped still ) . 
  the uk is n't in schengen so it does have routine border controls . 
  to put it another way , if you live in england , you can walk from your house to scotland and no-one can stop you , you can go , live on a bit of land in a shack , grow your own food and just exist if you want . 
  you ca n't do that if you are coming from germany , you have to be seeking work , or exercising your treaty rights in some other way . 
  there is no absolute , unconditional freedom of movement available via the eu treaties . 
  they do , and that is not an absolute right , it is conditional and you can be stopped at the border as an eu citizen and asked questions , and you can be denied access to the uk ( or any other eu country for that matter ! ) . 
  you seem to think that freedom of movement is absolute and unconditional , it is neither . 
  you , as an eu citizen and be deported from france , you can be denied entry to germany etc. . you do have far more rights than a non-eu citizen , but they are based on the eu treaties and they are not absolute ... 
  in fact this argument that somehow the uk can do nothing at all in relation so say ` eu murderers ' coming to the uk was one of the tropes of some of the more nefarious leave campaigners , and it was wrong then and is still wrong now . . * edit : in fact , just go and look [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457 ) , it saves reading through the treaties , is published by the eu and is pretty clear ... *, 
   if the uk immigration officials stopped them or did n't let them enter they would be breaking european law no . . 
  they would n't . . as i said , 6.5 % of those prevented from entering the uk at the moment are eu nationals . 
  the letter of the law is n't that anyone , under any circumstances can enter and remain in the uk , there are conditions . . 
  although obviously eu nationals do have a fairly major set of treaty rights not available to non-eu nationals . 
  and yes , a very large number of people could , quite legitimately enter the uk with the intent to stay right now and that would be perfectly fine and legal . 
  however , the uk has a real border between the uk ( and ireland ) and eu , we can and do check travellers entering from other eu countries , and we can and do refuse entry when it 's appropriate , which is what is relevant to the uk/ireland/eu questions you were talking about earlier . . 
   under current law the entire city population of berlin could move over to scotland . 
  the police could n't legally stop them . 
  this is the law to the letter at the moment and this is what the public voted to leave . 
  yes ... 
  although they could and many would be stopped at immigration on their way into the uk ( moreso if they came by car . . ) . 
  those not working after a certain amount of time could be deported , any that were arrested , jailed and then released could be deported , some who have criminal convictions could be refused entry . . 
  it 's also worth nothing that they generally ca n't claim benefits on arrival ( as some on the leave side claimed ) and so on . 
  in short , the police ( or rather home office immigration staff . . ) can , under some circumstances stop them from entering . 
   this is the law to the letter at the moment and this is what the public voted to leave . 
  i clarified above why that is n't the ` the law to the letter ' and it 's only one of the reasons the public voted to leave ( although substantial for a lot of people clearly . . that said , i voted to leave and i have very few issues with the uks immigration arrangements . . 
   freedom of movement is exactly what it sounds like , the freedom to move within the european union . 
  oh dear god . . 
  the eu has four fundamental , interlinked freedoms , they are the free movement of goods , workers , services ^ 1 and capital . 
  they are not unlimited and they are not unconditional . 
  you do n't have an absolute right to simply wander into france from the uk , or indeed from germany , you can , but if the french do n't want you to , they can say no . 
  you can be refused entry ... 
  the reason you are n't questioned in the schengen area , is because under normal circumstances , there are no internal borders ... 
  but if you fly from the uk , or ireland to another eu country , there is a border , and you can be questioned , and you can be refused entry at those borders if it 's appropriate . . you do n't have an absolute right to go to another eu country , even from the uk or ireland now . 
  in practice , you almost always can , but in practice the same applies to you going to canada or new zealand as a uk national . . what freedom of movement gives you within the eu that you do n't have with a visa waiver to say , canada or the us , is that you can stay in that country and work , and if you are in work , you can make your life there ...  if i do not have freedom of movement within the uk the police could just handcuff me and take me away , as the immigration service sometimes does that 's not what freedom of movement in an eu context means though is it ? 
  i do n't suddenly not have freedom of movement if i get detained in germany for not carrying id for example ... 
  it however has nothing to do with migration policy or visas . . ^ 1 technically this is the right of establishment and freedom to provide services . 
   freedom of movement is the right to go to other european countries , unless there is a strong reason that you should be stopped . 
  not having freedom of movement , is saying people can be stopped for no reason at all . 
  they do n't have any right to be in this place . 
  as it would be if i wanted to travel to china or the usa or australia . 
  again , no , freedom of movement is the right to work , you do n't have an absolute right to be in the uk , or germany , or france under the current eu framework , or with freedom of movement . 
  you can be deported if you do n't work , you can be refused entry if the country in question thinks your presence would be problematic etc. . 
  broadly speaking , even within the eu , no-one has an absolute right to move freely between countries without any limitations . 
  moreover , every country can stop you at the border ( i was stopped at the france/luxembourg border last year in fact ) and ask questions or search your car/bags etc. .  ireland will be legally obliged to provide freedom of movement/work/live to european citizens still . 
  yup . .  however britain will not . 
  northern ireland , last time i checked , is part of the legal state of the united kingdom . 
  at the end of the day it belongs to the united kingdom . 
  yes . . 
  so they wo n't be granting the freedom to work or live to eu citizens , although it seems likely they will offer a visa waiver for travel , much as other countries do . .  so by default , as it stands now , there will be a hard border and this is exactly why irish taoseich enda kenny is concerned . 
  no , as it stands now , the uk does n't want a hard border and ireland does n't want one . . 
  so again , if the uk and ireland do n't want a border and do n't need one to meet their own obligations , why would the default be that there ` will ' be a border ? 
  to put it another way , what is going to force the uk to put a border in place ? 
  or if it is n't the uk doing it , what is going to force ireland to put one in place ? 
  the issues around migration , visa checking or whatever else are solvable without one , and even if they were n't the uk could ignore it ... 
   there is borderless travel within schengen yes , which does n't include roi and uk yes , and yes there is a common travel area between uk and roi right now . 
  yup . 
   but the problem is with freedom of movement . 
  that 's the issue that was raised in the referendum repeatedly and likely what the uk will drop , and to be clear , that 's related to the right to live and work in other eu countries , not to travel to other countries ...  at the moment if you fly from france to london you do n't need to answer any questions . 
  no . . that 's not true , you can be asked questioned and denied entry , the level of scrutiny tends to depend on the current situation in terms of security and so on . . 
  it 's the same if you are crossing the channel , you will go through immigration controls , in the past they have been anything from non-existent to involving full on searches ...  the european rules dictates that uk ca n't tax the airfares as they do when flying to the us or anywhere else . 
   european nationals have right of access to the uk , unless there is a very good reason to stop them , and i have very rarely heard of europeans not being allowed to come . 
  and if , as is very likely , we have visa free travel ( note , not fom ) between the uk and eu then they will still generally have the right to access , and there will generally be no reason to prevent entry . . just to put this into perspective , about 6.5 % of people denied entry to the uk are eu nationals now , i 'd assume a similar level of refusals once the uk leaves , i certainly would n't expect a significant uptick . .  as i have already said , if this system was set up and there was a gap in the ni and roi border it would be like a hole in the dam that would make the whole damn worthless . 
  if people were denied in london , they would just fly to dublin , get the bus up to belfast via the checkpointless border , then fly/boat over to mainland britain . 
  but the uk and ireland cooperate on immigration at present , so if you did try that , the uk would be made aware of it or ireland would act on it , that works in exactly the same way that if a non-eu citizen were denied access to uk and then tried to enter via ireland . 
  now granted , it could cause problems , as could not having routine immigration controls at small ports , at some small air fields and all the rest of it . 
  but it 's broadly not a problem and you can work around it . .  when the original common travel agreement was agreed neither ireland nor the uk was in the european union . 
  now one is in the eu and one will be not , so the original agreement is obsolete . 
  the original agreement is in no way obsolete , it facilitates movement between the uk and ireland and sits well with the other bilateral agreements the uk and ireland have and indeed the gfa . . 
  it would only become somewhat problematic if ireland decided to join schengen . . 
  the point is that the uk and ireland can come to an agreement that both are happy with , that seems likely given how advantageous that is to both countries and given that there is pretty much no public opposition to it at an irish or uk level . 
  in all seriousness , why on earth do you think the uk would create a hard uk/irish border if it does n't have to , it has said repeatedly it does n't want to ( as has the irish government ) and it is perfectly workable not to . . 
  it seems bizarre that you are pushing this as though it were likely , especially since the uk and ireland are already outside of the eu 's visa and border agreements . 
   the good friday agreement was signed in 1997 , both ireland and great britain were already member of the european union at that point , so no , the checkpointless border that exists today did n't exist before the eu brought it . 
  the uk and ireland are not part of schengen , which is the eu mechanism for borderless travel ( not freedom of movement ) , the common travel area between ireland and the uk has existed in some form since the 1920 's and whilst it has at times involved a hard border , it has essentially always been an open border . 
  as to the good friday agreement , [ here is the text ] ( http://peacemaker.un.org/sites/peacemaker.un.org/files/ie%20gb_980410_northern%20ireland%20agreement.pdf ) could you indicate the section relevant to your point on borders ? 
  do n't get me wrong , the gfa was a significant driver to remove military checkpoints , but that was n't immigration control , and no-one at all is suggesting a return of military checkpoints . .  if there is no border between ni and roi then anyone that has been approved by roi can enter ni . 
  indeed , as is the case now . .  ni is part of the uk . 
  yes ...  most countries , by default , control who comes in and out . 
  so if there was no border roi would be controlling who enters a part of the uk ( ni ) . 
  the uk and ireland operate a common travel area ...  and since i 'm sure ni citizens do n't want to be getting heavily checked if they want to go to mainland uk , in that scenario , there would be no checks at all on europeans coming into the uk . 
  they have to get into ireland first , ireland is n't in schengen , it has a border with the eu ... 
  passenger manifests are shared and there can be checks ( usually by way of an eu citizen line at immigration . . ) and on occasion there are . . that applies to the uk too at present . 
   which would make rigorous checks at dover and london airports pointless ( anyone could fly to dublin on a european passport and they would n't be checked ) , they could get the bus/drive to belfast and would n't be checked , then they could get the boat across or fly to the uk ( and again not be checked ) . 
  right . . they could .
