  boris johnson is interfering in eu 's business . 
  the uk is currently in the eu , so it 's still the uk 's business , when it has left , it is an eu decision , but the uk can and will still have a view on the issue , and will likely use whatever leverage it has and wants to use to pursue that ...  of course , the uk did n't leave the eu yet , but it is supposed to , at least according to their government . 
  that 's why weber uses a `` we '' for the eu minus the uk . 
  in which case he seems to have missed the point that the uk is still in the eu and will be for a couple of years , he also seems confused about what powers the uk has to make anyone do anything , the uk can ask , suggest , argue and so on , it ca n't ( in or out of the eu ) tell the eu to do anything and expect it to happen . .  the german foreign minister does n't say that scotland should remain in the uk or become independent . 
  if he was doing so , the uk would find that insulting . 
  various german politicians up to and including the chancellor suggested that it would be best for the uk to remain in the eu , which was entirely reasonable a position to express , and the uk is entirely reasonable to express the view that is being expressed here . . 
  if the eu finds it insulting that 's a problem for the eu , but it is the view of a current member . .  exactly . 
  that is foreign interference , which is perceived as provocative and arrogant by any victim of such kind of interference . 
  it 's not daft , it 's normal and legitimate . 
  except the uk is still in the eu , so it is n't foreign interference at the moment , and when it does become ` foreign interference ' it 'll be entirely normal and legitimate too , given the eu , us and every other major and minor power engages in it . . 
  i 'm not arguing that weber should n't feel insulted ( that 's up to him ) i 'm saying that he should n't expect the uk government to change its position on something or to act on that position where it can . 
   still , the position of boris johnson about turkey joining the eu is n't a mere compromise , but blatant hypocrisy . 
  from the eu point of view , this is insulting . 
  weber is also aware of that . 
  except of course it is compromise . 
  when campaigning for the uk to leave , he presented the view of the campaign group involved , which included concern over turkeys membership , the uk is now leaving the eu and the government position remains that turkey should be granted membership at some point in the future , and he 's presenting that view . 
  no doubt the uk will continue to push that forward outside of the eu too ( as the us does for that matter ) . 
  it 's easy and entirely justifiable to ridicule him for having somewhat presented both views , but the notion that ( from the article ) * it is a purely arrogant provocation from johnson when he is telling us what we have to do . 
  i can not respect anymore what he is doing . 
  it 's not arrogant provocation , it 's the continuation of uk government policy . 
  it 's not telling anyone what they have to do , it 's presenting a position and backing that up with the current rights the uk has . . weber does n't have to respect it , but it 's not some ploy on the part of boris either . 
   the moment bj joins the government , he declares himself in agreement ( at least partially ) with the positions of the said government ( otherwise a government can commit crimes and no minister would be responsible , because it was the government who did it , not individual ministers ) . 
  indeed , and it is understood that ministers represent the government view , they are responsible for what they do . 
  which is exactly what boris is doing now . .  by joining this government , it is bj 's view that turkey should join the eu . 
  otherwise he would have not joined this government . 
  indeed . 
  this is the government view , which boris is now representing and he is in agreement with sufficiently that he feels able to be a minister . 
  that 's broadly what i said before he is currently presenting a government position , previously he was presenting a campaign groups position . . 
  he ca n't present a different view from the governments even if he wanted to as a minister without resigning , which should be obvious to everyone involved , hence the rather silly notion that it is surprising or somehow odd that he 'd be taking this line . 
   best of luck in dealing with you politicians ' downfall . 
  how do you see that playing out ? 
  the fact that european politicians are having a go at him is n't really doing him a lot of harm with certain demographics , he is still weirdly popular , and he is n't responsible for taking the uk out of the eu . 
  some german minister commenting on him is n't going to do him any harm at all politically , and frankly until the negotiations with the eu start , everything coming out of both sides seems to be a pissing contest . 
   now you understand all the comments that the eu ministers can make with regards to boris and why he can not parry them . 
  i understood them before , but it makes little difference given the situation . 
   but it is the most important one for the office that he is leading and at the same time not allowed to touch . 
  its so important that a whole new department is dealing with it , but the uks interests with the entire rest of the world are at least as important , if not significantly more important than the eu alone . 
   uk of course has a right to push for turkish eu membership as it is still a member . 
  that is not the point however . 
  it is certainly not one of uk 's responsibilities to do so . 
  surely the uk is supposed to continue to represent itself within the eu . . that is one of its responsibilities , and that would involve working toward whatever goals the uk government has in terms of the eu , at least until it leaves . 
   it can certainly be called obstructionism as uk is not letting the eu play out in the way that it will soon ( - ish ) be composed . 
  but it is n't composed in that way yet , so it 's not obstructionism it 's the uk doing what it has always done and will presumably continue to do . 
  some eu members may not like it , but it 's not alone either . 
  the idea that the uk should drop out now , before the eu is formally recomposed ( and things like the number of mep 's changes , or indeed the voting weights change ) actually cause additional issues because it gives greater weight to one side of an issue than another . 
   as a leaving member of the eu , not practicing restraint will certainly not increase good will towards uk , especially not in the flamboyant manner johnson is not practicing it . 
  and as already mentioned that justifies every bit of criticism . 
  that is true , although the uk may be balancing the need for good will with both its own needs to push for it 's interests , its relationships with other countries ( in this case presumably turkey and the us . . ) and a number of other factors . 
  yes , leaving the eu and getting a good deal is important for the uk , but it is n't the only consideration either . 
   look ... 
  i get it , you want to put your country in a good light because you are a patriot , whatever . 
  do n't play stupid though , please . 
  i 'm not playing stupid at all here ...  boris has a lot of baggage from his past behavior and now it 's affecting what he can do while representing the government . 
  agreed , although right now i 'm not sure it would matter who was foreign secretary , to a certain extent , putting someone who is n't liked anyway by the eu in post might be better than killing someone else 's reputation . 
  it 's not as though any uk foreign secretary would n't be pushing the same broad positions ( although presumably with fewer comments in latin and a bit more grace ) . 
   also , reinforcing the point about boris being an amateur , he is in no way involved in brexit negotiations . 
  no , he 's head of the foreign office and responsible for delivering uk foreign policy well beyond the eu . 
  it 's not as though brexit is the only issue facing the uk on the world stage at the moment . 
   if there were no brexit , it would make sense to continue that policy . 
  as it were , it is pure obstructionism to further political goals , worthy of every bit of criticism . 
  not really . . 
  the perceptions around the uk pushing for expansion of a bloc it is no longer going to be a member of from within the organisation is n't fantastic , but i 'd assume that the uk ( like the us ) will continue to push from outside later too . 
  countries do n't generally ignore levers they do have to further their own policy goals and i 'd assume the uk government continues to see turkish membership as a positive . 
  it 's not obstructionism either , given that the uk is n't alone in pushing this position , arguably it 'd be letting its partners down on the issue if it either stepped aside or joined others in opposing it . 
  it 's not unlike the issues around the defence union , or indeed in the areas where the uk is working with eu consensus . 
  if it 's ok for the uk to continue to support positions that a minority of eu countries might oppose , surely it 's also ok for the uk to support positions that a majority oppose , the uk does n't , and probably should n't disengage from its responsibilities as an eu member until it stops being one . . 
   the government is not some abstract entity that is separated from the people composed of it . 
  it is and it is n't . 
  the government position is essentially a party position , which is an agreed upon set of policies that push in a certain direction . 
  cabinet has to support a position , you ca n't have a minister present their own view , or argue against a government position ...  people run for election on platforms and the expectation is that when they are in power they implement their positions , not some abstract view that they do n't seem to control . 
  in the uk at least people run for election at least partially on their parties platform , they represent the party as well as their constituents . 
  if they are ministers they are also bound by cabinet responsibility . 
  so again , boris ca n't , without agreement , change the governments position arbitrarily to match is own , no more than an ambassador can change uk foreign policy arbitrarily or a health minister can act unilaterally in redefining health provision . 
  boris is in government , he is there to implement the policies that his government has put in place , he has a hand in making those policies , but he ca n't force a particular position . . 
  are we talking about weber there ? 
  because his position makes sense , it 's exploiting what boris said previously for a domestic audience and coming out looking far better than boris . 
  it does n't change the fact that boris is representing a government position rather than his own , which is what you do in the big leagues . . 
   people like weber get annoyed and ca n't handle the banter it 's not even that , it 's that people are confusing the view of a campaign organisation and potentially an individual , with someone presenting the position of a government . 
  it 's hardly unusual for a government minister ( or civil servant , diplomat etc. . ) to present a government position that they might disagree with , the point is that they still have to make the case ( of if they ca n't , because they have serious objections , they resign ... ) . 
  we had a referendum , we did n't vote the leave campaign into forming a government , so it should not be surprising that the policy positions of various people are not the same as that of the party that currently has a majority in westminster , or that of the government . . 
   `` he [ johnson ] ... in the brexit campaign , had leaflets showing turkey , syria and iraq as possible members of the eu , making people afraid of the possible new migration waves ... then a few weeks afterwards he is travelling to [ president ] erdogan and offering support for becoming a member of the eu . 
  it is a purely arrogant provocation from johnson when he is telling us what we have to do . 
  i can not respect anymore what he is doing . '', 
   look at him , he 's fucking with the eu . 
  not only that , but he 's trying to sabotage it . 
  as amusing as it is , the point to take away is that the leave campaign was run by an organisation that wanted to leave the eu , and was concerned about eu expansion on the uk . 
  it represented it 's views and not the views of the government ( indeed quite the opposite . . ) . 
  the government however has always been supportive of eu expansion and has consistently supported turkey joining the eu . 
  boris is n't representing a leave group anymore , he is n't representing his own views , he 's presenting the views of the uk government . 
  hence the shift ... 
  i 'd assume that manfred weber is well aware of that , but its far more useful to present it as obvious hypocrisy , not to mention easy . . 
  the big point to remember here is that the explosion of university access is relatively recent , the proportion of people going to university even 15 years ago was significantly lower than it is now , so it builds on the age skew . 
  essentially , younger people are far more likely to have a degree . 
  given the long term polling by yougov still puts leave ahead of remain ( although the ` do n't knows are steadily increasing again ) i find it hard to believe that this poll has managed to find a significantly different answer to the same question . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that the only ` official ' language anywhere in the uk is welsh , no-one bothered to designate an official language for the whole country . . 
  and he food of drunk kings . 
  the french reaction would be interesting . . 
  ah right , but the point there would be that the eu distancing itself , via regulation , from world financial markets would do a lot more damage to the eu , and end up with secondary markets ( not regulated by the eu . . ) operating in places like london . 
  essentially europe can either be part of the global financial system , have an open currency etc. 
  or it can try to limit global exposure , if it does the latter , it 'll harm the eu far more than it harms anyone else .
