  does n't look like it 's worth the risk . 
  ( aside from other factors ) that 's very true , but it seems to be an issue with the extremes of politics ( and the source of those extremes tends to be conflict or instability ) . 
  essentially you have dictatorships when you have extreme right and left wing philosophies being professed , as well as when you have extreme religious philosophies expressed . 
  more moderate political approaches ( regardless of the aim . . ) seem to reduce the amount of instability and reduce the chances of very authoritarian takeovers of the state as an excuse to getting to x point . 
  i do n't disagree with you , i think it 's almost inevitable that the eu will have to integrate more to function properly ( its one of the reasons i wanted to see the uk out . . ) , but the current set up means you ca n't fundamentally integrate the core of the eu against the wishes of the periphery . 
  you ca n't impose a multi-speed approach , because it has an impact on the whole bloc . 
  essentially its not that dissimilar to the issues around the euro and eurozone vs non-euro countries , except it 'd be much bigger and likely face more opposition, 
   i 'd say give both of them what they want . 
  the additional problem there is that those who want less integration also do n't want to end up on the outside of a bloc that used to be somewhat unitary but has become multi-speed . 
  in short , some of those that do n't want integration , also do n't want to see others integrate in a way that makes their position weaker . 
  you literally ca n't give everyone what they want . 
  very true . . 
  but that 'd presumably be less good for the uk and britons than already having one . 
   britain is regarded by all cypriots . . no it is n't . 
  there are groups that oppose the uk being there , groups that like it , groups that do n't care and even groups that do n't like it but do n't want the uk to leave ( economic argument essentially . . ) . 
  right . . 
  i 'd argue that in the context of the uk being able to act in the interest on britons , cyprus is helpful . 
  yes . 
  both sides ( with the un when it was the brit contingent way back when ), 
  it 's certainly not pointless for the uk ( not sure about the implications for cyprus ) . . 
   which is why it 's universally hated it is n't even universally hated in cyprus . . 
  but i do see more clearly where you are coming from now so . . that 's nice . 
  it 's currently british overseas territory , so the uk can certainly make an offer , and unless that status changes it is down to the uk , so surely an offer like this is positive ? 
  a strategic position in the mediterranean essentially . 
  i can see that from a the perspective of the best interests of a child it might be a factor in deciding which family to place a child with , but it should n't be a very important factor and certainly placing a child with a family should always make more sense than not , regardless of background . 
  is that not thunderbird 2 ? 
  reddit seems to have eaten my long reply so , tldr not really no . 
  labour will still likely aim for an exit of both the single market and customs union , but will be aiming to preserve rights for workers etc. . much of the current labour leadership is fairly eurosceptic , and the party supported the a50 vote . 
  it was mostly , but then do were the conservatives to some degree . 
  corbyn has always been broadly eurosceptic and the party campaigned from a pro-leave perspective in the ge . 
  the issue for labour is less membership more not using leaving as an excuse to diminish rights etc. . 
  the only party that day campaigned on a regain/second referendum position were the lib dems . 
  i do n't think anyone really wants a properly ` soft ' brexit though , largely because it 'd create more issues politically than a hard brexit or remaining . 
  essentially it 'd leave the uk with lots of the unpopular bits and without the opportunities leaving could bring in terms of looking beyond europe . 
  you could in fact argue that the current situation is the worst possible one . 
  it might make a no deal crash out more likely , but under a weak tory government . . both a labour majority or a toy majority would have at least meant a more solid approach and more chance of an agreement . 
  could have , but it would have been pretty unlikely . 
  a labour government would almost certainly still have taken the uk out of the eu ( and very probably the single market and customs union ... ) . 
  i would now , even if i were n't looking at the business , mostly because their high street presence is closer to that of hsbc than barclays or lloyds these days . 
  on the admin side , the uk seems way , way better especially if you are talking about business banking . 
  about the only ones i 've had any serious issues with have been rbs and lloyds , but that was quite a while ago . 
  quite possibly ( it was sparkasse btw . . ) but after switching banks it 's noticeably less efficient and more of a pain than say hong kong or the uk , although things do seem to be changing . 
  banking too , uk bank , call , do it online or go speak to one , maybe two people in branch . 
  germany ? 
  call to make an appointment , speak to at least two people in branch before sitting down with the person who can help , then go see the cashier on the way out once your paperwork is in order . 
  oh , and i do mean paperwork , everything is still on paper ... 
   britain with saying nonsense like how they will go to war for gibraltar britain has n't said that they will go to war for gibraltar over a bueraucratic failsafe in the negotiations . 
   they treat every single made up number of the financial times as if it were from the eu in any even remotly official capacity . 
  the uk government has n't taken every made up number from the ft as if it were from the eu either . 
  if anything , the opposite is true ( `` david davis , the uk brexit secretary , has dismissed the $ 100bn brexit bill as part of the political `` rough and tumble '' ahead of talks . '' ) . 
  now you 'd be right in saying that the uk media have taken each announcement and run with it , but then so has a lot of the european press ( although i can only really vouch for the german and french press . . ) . 
   i can understand pandering to retarded partisan jingoism to get voters for the elections , but its just starting to go too far . 
  what exactly has happened so far ? 
  the negotiations have n't started , all we 've seen is releases on starting positions and a massive amount of speculation . 
  we 'll throw in a farage if you 'd like . 
  the police generally do n't give you fines , that would come from the courts ( or your council . . ) and mostly that 'd be for driving offences , in which case you 'd have a vehicle registration and need a driving license , or it 'd be related to an address . 
  if you do n't pay up then there are various approaches to finding out where you are . 
  as to the police , if they are concerned you are n't who you say you are , they can detain you to confirm it , which could include anything from asking your neighbours to you providing id . 
  it 's probably worth noting that changing your name in the uk basically involves using a new one , you do n't have to register it , you do n't have to formally notify anyone , you can just give a different name ( as long as you are n't doing it for an illegal purpose , like say , fraud ... ) . 
  that actually works incredibly well and fairly consistently , my bank account for example is n't in the same name as the one on my passport . 
  having used both , i 'd rather have the latter 99 % of the time . . * edit : ah , just read down the thread and note you were a rock ape . . now it all makes sense *, 
  that 's a fantastic shot . . [ this ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajehals/4951169745/in/dateposted-public/ ) is about the best i could do . . 
  although . . with the big telephoto there 's also these [ turkish stars ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajehals/4951127415/in/dateposted-public/ ), 
   does n't help you if the imbalance is rooted in demographics that is only partly true though , there are vastly more voters under 65 than over 65 , the key difference is that those under 29 are about a fifth as likely to vote as a 65 year old , even the 29-39 year old 's are only half as likely to turn out . 
  you have voter apathy and disaffection ( in part because of a feeling that they ca n't change things ) amongst some classes of voters , and i 'd suggest especially the youngest , but the solution to that is essentially a catch 22 , if younger people were more likely to use their political weight , they may have more confidence in being able to push for policies that they need . .  noteworthy to connect this to the rising uk immigrant fear . 
  if you 're a young disenfranchised brit other young foreign workers constitute a political ally for precisely that reason  noteworthy to connect this to the rising uk immigrant fear . 
  if you 're a young disenfranchised brit other young foreign workers constitute a political ally for precisely that reason possibly , concern about immigration is less an age related thing than say , voting intention , although older voters list immigration as a more important concern . 
  i 'd actually argue that older voters have both a perception that things are changing too fast ( and see immigration as a driver ) as well as a broadly incorrect view that immigration is the key driver for poorer employment prospects ( salary and job type , rather than work at all ) and housing , stressing the nhs etc. . 
  but a significant proportion of younger voters also want to see less immigration , although i 'm willing to bet that the reason that proportion is lower is at least in part because they do n't suffer from the same fear of change , and that the other drivers are felt somewhat similarly ... all that said , the referendum has at least in part shown people that their votes do matter , and can create change . 
  that might drive turnout up if we are lucky . 
  although there are a lot of other factors ( labours reputation , the lib dem 's current situation and the polling ) that might push it the other way too . . 
  generally kids are in school at lunch , either getting a hot meal or taking in sandwiches etc , so it should n't take away from family time either way . 
  unless i 'm misreading your post . 
  as to school meals , i 'd actually argue that given the impact of providing good food ( which is positive in terms of behaviour and education apparently . . ) it 'd be worth the cost to roll it out anyway . 
  a lot of the cost is n't in how many you provide it for , it 's that schools have to be able to provide it at all . 
  oh come on , you are n't allowed to supply hard core pornography to someone under 18 in germany either ( technically not online either . . ) and shops selling it ca n't allow under 18 's in . . that bit is n't the problem , the problem is how governments go about trying to implement similar rules for online content . 
  luxembourg surely . . 
  i meant offline ... apparently it still exists, 
  probably worth also noting that this seems to be happening across the board , they are looking to regulate online pornography in the same way as online porn for example . 
  oh and throw in the watering down of press regulations too whilst you are at it . 
   what does that flair stand for ? 
   no idea . . 
  i wonder if it was removed and someone typo 'd the removal flair, 
  i was in josselin not that long ago and you could rent a boat/canoe on the river for relatively little money which was really nice , between that and the town and indeed the church tower , it was a really nice day out . 
  the eu can only agree to things that it has the competencies to act upon . 
  you ca n't force a country ( eu member . . ) to do something that it is n't bound to do by the treaties that together set out what the eu is . 
  of course countries can agree to do things not in the treaties , but only insofar as domestic law allows . 
  so you might need national legislation to accomplish something , in which case national parliaments would have to act , the eu ca n't legislate and force adoption outside of those competencies . 
  sometimes that gets a little bypassed by using treaties , or shoehorning things into existing stuff , but for complex issues , it 's not as simple as the eu legislating and everyone having to follow , after all , the eu is n't federal . 
  so . . [ why is this flaired ` l' ? 
   we could point at mps and their warmongering , if you 'd preffer . 
  i 'm not sure that counts as a xenophobic attack , and frankly ` warmongering ' is an excessive term in the first place . . 
   certainly not financial services possibly not , depends on what the uk is looking for , but if it ca n't be part of the initial fta i 'd expect the uk to be looking at a separate agreement or to operate within the context of mifid . 
  that can be done within the competencies of the eu . 
  the exit agreement is , but you 'd still run into issues on competency . 
  the eu ca n't agree to something regardless of parliamentary vote , if the member states have n't given it the power to do so . 
  remember that there are two deals though , the exit agreement and then a trade deal . 
  the exit agreement ( which requires consent of eu members . . ) is going to be more complex than any fta in a lot of ways , and will touch on non-eu competencies . 
  take the issue around eu/uk citizens , the uk can obviously negotiate and agree on that without a problem ( and has indicated it 'd like to secure the status of eu nationals in the uk . . ) , the eu ca n't because some of that will require the consent of the member states . 
   except most of our economy is in services .
