  they could also move to ireland and travel into the uk quite legitimately . . what they ca n't do is live and work in the uk without a visa , which is the point . 
   the uk is going to leave the european union , so by default there will be a hard border unless an agreement is made , however ireland is in the eu so any agreement it makes will have to comply with european rules , the uk and ireland also have an agreement that pre-dates the relevant eu agreements , ireland is n't part of schengen and manages its own customs and visa policies ... 
  so yes , ireland will have to comply with eu rules , but the uk and ireland are currently in the eu , complying with eu rules and manage to operate without a border , outside of the schengen border-free agreement . .  if you have free movement from the schengen countries to ireland , then as at the moment there is no border between northern ireland and roi then a hard border will have to be set up to ensure there is n't free movement into northern ireland ( which is part of the uk ) why ? 
  what does free movement have to do with schengen ( neither the uk or ireland are currently part of schengen , both currently have free movement ... ) or indeed what arrangements ireland has with its neighbours ? 
  just to be clear , irish nationals have special rights in the uk that eu nationals do n't have under the terms of the various eu agreements . . and northern irish nationals have special status in ireland too ( look at the citizenship arrangements . . ) . 
  to put it as the law sees it , irish nationals are not treated as foreigners in the uk , that has nothing to do with the uks eu membership and it will ( unless something else changes . . ) continue once the uk is outside of the eu . .  so as it stands it seems either ireland will have to leave the eu aswell or otherwise there will have to be a hard border . 
  this is just interpreting current regulations i seriously doubt that ireland will be looking to leave the eu any time soon , and there is pretty much no chance that the eu will demand a border ( or that ireland would agree to such a requirement ) . 
  so between the uk and ireland not wanting a border , it does n't seem likely that we 'll end up with one . . 
  this really should n't be this hard ... 
  neither ireland nor the uk want a hard border between them , the uk and ireland already have hard external borders ( but not between them . . ) . 
  the uk and ireland already cooperate when it comes to entry , via their external hard borders . 
  no-one is suggesting a new hard border , but that the border continue to be open and that the uk and ireland continue to cooperate on entry to the uk and ireland cta . . 
  does that make sense now ? 
   but with a system like that it will be very easy to abuse . 
  where else do they have a system like that ? 
  ca n't think of any example apart from the eu . 
  even canada and the us have a border check and visa requirements hold on i think i 've just realised where you are getting confused , there * is * still a border check , you still get passenger manifests , but it is into the uk/ireland who have a cta . 
  the uk still has immigration and customs staff as does ireland , ( neither ireland nor the uk are in schengen after all ) and they share information and have agreements on recognising visas etc. . . 
  it 's not that different i suppose to the ability of people to arrive in a schengen country and then do n't have any other border controls between it and any others . 
  and there are quite a few countries that do n't require visas for short stays , usually with some source restrictions , but yeah . . 
   check again , i know for sure to visit the us and canada i need to fill out an online application form . 
  right , but it 's not a visa and it does n't grant you the right to work or similar in the us ... ireland and the uk currently check arrivals from outside the cta and share information which is about the same as what the eta/esta systems do for canada . 
  again , being in a country does n't suddenly mean that you can work there legally . .  but if people can come and go by default ( without a visa ) its much easier to work even if your not supposed to of course , but then it 's an illegal immigration issue , not a problem with immigration policy and there are other tools available to deal with illegal immigration . 
  the difference here is the automatic right of people to work and live somewhere vs people being able to travel and visit , but needing to apply to be able to work . . 
  but not to restrict tourist visas , or get rid of visa waivers for people travelling to the uk . . 
  i mean , uk nationals do n't generally need a visa to visit canada , the us and new zealand either . 
  for everything else , like a work visa etc. . that grants the right to reside or work in the uk . 
  the lack of a hard border does n't mean people can just do what they like when they cross it , you do n't suddenly get permission to live and work somewhere just by being in the country . . 
   then all immigrants wanting to come from europe to the uk will have a straight path , not needing a visa i doubt the uk will require tourist visas for eu nationals anyway , but that is n't the same as granting anyone who can get to ireland the right to reside , work etc. . that would presumably remain something only available to irish nationals . 
  you do realise that we have visa free travel in place for quite a lot of countries . . ? 
   that 's actually not true , the eu supports the teaching of local languages and gives protection to them . 
  but this is kinda the point , you have no clue of what you are talking about . 
  so all we do is exchange opinion , i am not sure any of them are supported by facts . 
  take for example :   a significant development occurred in 1981 , when the council of europe the council of europe is n't an eu institution , you do realise that right ? 
  it has quite a few more members for starters . . and to be clear on the teaching of languages in schools , the eu has limited competencies in terms of education policy ( article 6 of the tfeu ) , it can only support members , it ca n't mandate say , the teaching of foreign languages . . 
  seriously , you might want to just check to make sure you are n't talking shite before you do . 
   you have n't done anything of the sort , like i said , how would we verify any of your claims regarding the euro ? 
  it survived in quite a good state ( of the currency ) one of the biggest crisis in a century . 
  at what point is it going to collapse ? 
  where did i say it was going to collapse ? 
  it has structural issues , issues that not only lots of economists agree exist , but also structural issues that the eu and eurozone countries are trying to address ... 
  this is such a bizarre line from you , there are clear issues with the euro ( as i outlined ) there are challenges within the eurozone of addressing them , and they are having an impact on some eu members now . . and you are ... claiming that none of that exists because the currency did n't collapse during the 2008 crisis ? 
  yup , problems that hard borders within a cta would n't solve given there are sensible border check on the exterior anyway ( uk/ireland ports and airports etc. . ) . 
  i think there is a strange conflation between open or soft borders and immigration policy , getting into a country is only part of the challenge , and there after all huge numbers of people who visit eu and non-eu countries every year who have no right to permanent residency . 
  the same way it prevents a tourist overstaying ? 
  a non-irish eu citizen would have no right to be in the uk , no access to benefits or other provision , would have difficulty working , renting or buying property etc. . . and is liable to detection . 
  throw in a bit of uk/irish cooperation on borders and visas ( as there is now , outside of the eu context ) and away you go . 
   the uk want a border and does n't want the people of the eu ... no , the uk do n't want a border with ireland . . 
  that would seem to be in line with what the uk wants to see too , so it 's reasonably positive . 
  between the eu , uk and ireland no-one wants a border , it 's in everyone 's interests not to have one , so it should be more than possible to find a solution that does n't result in one . 
   i disagree . 
  in continental proportional systems , coalition governments occupy the center ground , while politics in the uk is alternating between the extremes , for example : whilst the first is true , it 's probably more accurate to suggest that the labour party and the conservative party are themselves groupings of different factions . 
  they are n't coalitions in the way you 'd expect in many eu countries and elsewhere , but they contain far more variance and are n't monolithic . 
  that 's why you have the difference between the blair new labour and what has come before and since , same goes for the conservative emulation of those blair positions . 
   blair wanted an all open to immigration by waiving the eu provision of limiting immigration from new members , while cameron/may shifted into the opposite extreme of wanting to abolish free movement altogether . 
  thus , the british extremes even have a negative impact on europe . 
  i 'm not sure this is a good example of a right/left split though , support for the eu is n't a left wing position any more than opposition is right wing , in fact associations have switched a few times . . 
  i 'd also argue that blair and cameron really were n't that far apart in terms of their positions on the eu and that those positions themselves somewhat reflected what they could get away with in the centre ground in the political discourse . 
   the militant unionism of the 60s and 70s was followed by neo-liberal policies of the thatcher year , who solved the labor/management conflict by shifting manufacturing abroad and disemboweling the unions . 
  she failed to heal the social division . 
  that is haunting the uk economy until the present day . 
  and that again was a period where labour arguably shifted too far to the left , giving the government the ability to grab both the centre and push policies to their right . 
   uk politics is out off kilter , incapable of finding a balance , like the social consensus in germany , for example , which is the basis for economic well-being . 
  i disagree , i think uk politics is as balanced as any eu country , it does n't swing wildly policy wise , there is a huge amount of broad consensus across parties ( socially more so than in some other areas ) and most of the changes you see are either evolutionary ( like the positions on the eu ) or pretty mild . 
  but that is an unusual situation and to be clear , the current tory government is still broadly centre right with further right attributes , at least by uk standards , and whilst the labour leader is very much further left than , he is further left than his mps to a large extent . 
  the issue at the moment is more that there is no effective opposition keeping the government on the centre ground . 
  the usual result of the fptp stuff is that governments occupy the centre ground , not that we have wild swings one way and then the other . 
  to be fair though , you usually end up with centre-right tory governments and centre-left labour governments , we essentially have problems when the party out of power does n't provide decent opposition , or one party or the other pushes too far left or right , and generally they become less electable when they do . 
  the polls were 4 % apart on election day , 10 % apart at most in the run up and at times trump was in the lead ... and again , this was a two horse race in a winner takes all election , the french election is n't , which makes it far less likely for le pen to win . . 
  the graph you have above is interesting , but it is about the likelihood of a given candidate winning at any moment , it does n't suggest that trump had 95 % of the support at any given moment , but rather that at that point , the chance of hillary winning was nil ( presumably because it 's on election day with exit polls ... ) . 
  to put it another way , if exit polling indicates 51 % of the votes for candidate 1 and 49 % of the votes to candidate 2 , candidate 1 has a 95 % + chance of winning , it does n't mean the election was n't close . . 
  bit of a different scenario though , much like the eu referendum in the uk for that matter . 
  you are talking about votes that were close vs a situation where there is a lot less support and a very much smaller chance of the outcome . 
  it 's not impossible , just very much less likely than the whole trump thing . 
  there would n't be , but i ca n't imagine france leaving the eu , hell i ca n't see france electing le pen and even if that very unlikely scenario did come to be , i ca n't see le pen removing france from the eu . . 
  they are n't ? 
  the uk is largely centre right/left , most governments are too with a few exceptions , on most areas of policy . . 
  and she pretty much always comes across as well informed and well briefed . 
  it 's a pretty decent attribute for a politician and the snp are incredibly lucky to have her . 
  i agree that it is a hodgepodge and the product of a very long period of evolution , but it does sort of mostly work , pressure builds and it usually gets accommodated . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd like to see something a little more structured and sensible , but at the same time , even if a government of my liking were elected i 'd still not trust them to put together something that actually worked without introducing new problems , never mind the scope for abuse . 
  to be fair , this is pretty cutting edge , and somewhat specialist , and presumably there is only a limited use case so it 's something but not a massive thing . 
   seems like an awful lot of work just to have a baby with some of your genetic code in it . 
  maybe if you 're got some nasty recessive genes that you do n't want to pass on , then just adopt . 
  your genes are n't that important , the world will get by without your genetic offspring . 
  if you read the article , the second line is :  the advanced form of ivf will be used to prevent children dying from genetic diseases . 
  so yeah , it 's about dealing with mitochondrial diseases and similar . . 
  they came second with 22 % of the vote in the last scottish parliament election , they do n't do well compare do the snp , but scotland does have a significant tory voting minority these days . . 
  the problem there is that there is n't a lot of interest in england for a change in the constitutional set up or to break england down into smaller segments to make federalisation sensible . 
  there was little support for regional devolution in the north east when that came up a little over a decade ago and i do n't think it has changed much . 
  yeah , the term ` rigged ' is somewhat dubious . 
  i think it was purely an observation . . 
  it does n't have to be a comparison , or indeed a value judgement . . 
  are n't they all allegations of hacking the electoral and campaign process indirectly though , i have n't seen claims of the actual voting systems being hacked by the russians ( or anyone else ) in that particular election , although i 'm well aware that there are issues with the platforms . . 
  agree with all three of the above , i 'd actually quite like to see the rationale for the graphing . . 
  no need for the quotes around anarchists , they are an anarchist group and violent action is , unfortunately , something that some anarchist groups have engaged in for a very long time . 
  you carried it until you did get to a bin if you were a reasonable person , some people just dumped it . 
  it was a fairly valid precaution though the ira put devices in bins quite a few times with varying success . 
  i should point out that even now quite a few of the new bins are simply clear plastic bags in frames so you can see what is in them . 
  the issue ( as you no doubt know . . ) is that you ca n't balance the required security with the need for a secret ballot , and that you convert an open process to an opaque one . .
