  happy with that , but then we should n't lump criminal behaviour in with government policy . 
   you need to change laws , as well as policy , and enforcement measures , all three together to fight anyone of these issues . 
  might as well do all of them in one swoop . 
  but why do you want to ` fight ' people looking to minimise their taxes legally ? 
  you are essentially looking to remove a mechanism available to government to promote what the government deems as good behaviour . . do n't get me wrong , there can be abuse in that area , laws can be poor and so on , but that is a very different issue , with a very different culprit . 
   in this case the desired outcome is a fair distribution of the tax burden . 
  the means to improve that are to get rid of loopholes and tighten oversight . 
  is that the desired outcome ? 
  to give a concrete example , there are lots of government schemes that reduce or even remove the tax paid on electric or hybrid cars , someone who chooses to buy such a car would be depriving the government of tax , they would be engaging in tax avoidance by making a choice in how they spend their money in the most tax advantageous manner ... tax policy is not just there to ensure a fair distribution of the tax burden , it also allows you to incentivize good behaviours and disincentivize bad ones . 
   the tension between tax policy and all three is the same . 
  those who wrote it wanted to distribute the burdens of our government spending fairly across society . 
  those who engage in any of those three are moving to contribute less than that agreed burden . 
  except governments often use tax incentives to get companies to do things that they like , you get to avoid or reduce your taxes by doing something that the government wants doing , that is beneficial ( hopefully . . ) to society . . 
  surely that still fits into that in terms of distributing burdens . .  the solution is also the same , make it more difficult to engage in all three behaviors by tightening laws and strengthening oversight . 
  so that we can surer that all contribute what we as a society have agreed on as being their fair share . 
  two of them are illegal , the last one is a product of government policy , so i 'm not sure how the approach is the same . 
  surely enforcing the law is what you need to do to fix evasion and fraud , and avoidance does n't need fixing , although governments need to be held to account as to what they offer in terms of incentives . 
  there are lots of organisations who will make use of incentives to reduce their tax liability , the government uses policy to try and push companies to do things they like , if you you are including that in the mix , then it inflates the issues and is actually misleading . 
  wold my company do something morally wrong by taking advantage of the enhanced capital allowances , or business renovation allowances ? 
  i 'd argue no . 
  when you try and lump together evasion , fraud and avoidance , that is misleading , not least because it means that you are blaming people and companies for government tax policies ( so , the wrong target . . ) and lumping positive elements in with illegality . 
  no . . not really , lots of companies will look for ways to reduce their tax liabilities , or will take advantage of tax breaks for things like r&d etc. . 
  if you lump those numbers in with fraud and evasion , you will end up with a much bigger number than just for the illegal acts . . 
  they really are n't . 
  tax fraud and tax evasion involve actively avoiding paying tax that you owe . 
  tax avoidance is about minimising tax within the law , that would include things like taking advantage of government policy that reduces tax liability for good behaviour ( say , reducing carbon emissions , installing better solar installations or investing in r&d or apprenticeships ) . 
  that is n't the same morally or legally . 
   tax fraud , evasion and avoidance one of those is n't the same as the others though . . 
  you are n't alone , its something that seems to have become more of an issue over the last few years , but the number of articles that imply one thing , often where the content of the article does n't really justify it , is getting larger . . 
  it 's not alone in that ( and not the worst by a long shot . . ) , i do wonder if it is because they had a very decent reputation . . 
  yeah , and for a range of sensible strategic reasons , from their perspective at the least . 
  any war in europe would involve resupply from the us via the atlantic so disrupting that would have been quite important , that 's part of the reason the giuk is as important as it is in terms of choking off soviet naval ( primarily submarine ... ) access to the atlantic . 
  yeah , they were pretty concerned about it ... 
  he 's good at that generally . . 
   farage made quite a spectacle in parliament though . 
  farage is n't in any way part of the uk government though . . 
  yeah , i agree with you , i still think that outside of france and some ee countries , a lot of eu members see a common eu army as an opportunity to reduce defence expenditure , rather than increasing capabilities ( and will often claim to be able to do both . . ) . 
  good question . 
  you could argue that he wants to see eu citizenship become something independent of national citizenship , it might bolster the notion of an european identity grounded in the eu rather than as an add on to national identities . 
  you could also argue that he is trying to use it as a lever in the context of the negotiations with the uk , there are a lot of people in the uk who would likely consider taking it up ( probably depending on cost . . ) . 
  if you were being really cynical you might argue that he is looking to set a precedent in disconnecting national citizenship from the eu one , giving the eu a tool to allow people outside the eu to associate with it , even if their country more generally is n't looking to eu membership ( so say switzerland or norway ) . 
  or it might simply be the stated intention , he 's looking for a way for uk citizens who want to retain eu citizenship a route to do so , or get close , presumably with some more restrictive rights and some sort of associated cost . 
  it 's essentially a set of rights that up until now have only existed because the country you are a national of is a member of a club and pays it 's fees . 
  well no , because the eu is n't a country and as a result eu citizenship is n't citizenship in the same way that national citizenship is , it does n't exist in isolation ( if you give up your german nationality you do n't get to keep your eu citizenship either ) , it 's essentially a set of rights that only apply outside of your own country , guaranteed by treaty . . 
  the two problems it raises are firstly , what does eu membership actually mean ( at the moment it 's tied to state membership and means that you have access to things like free movement ) and what does it mean if you can have it outside of your country participating in the eu , and secondly , if it is in any way useful , why on earth would citizens who can get most of what they see as benefits of the eu not want to get that rather than state membership ( which comes with costs and responsibilities . . ) . 
  the answer is probably that this is a bit of a pipe dream , or that it 'll mean very little in the end , but it 's interesting nonetheless that it is being pushed as it is . 
   it all depends on whether or not a core group of countries can be found . 
  if not , then not . 
  there 's little use in forcing people , it never works out in the long term . 
  you ca n't do it full stop frankly , force to push federalisation would do more to essentially destroy the political project than anything else . 
   either they can be convinced in time , or we 'll return to nation states without common rules . 
  indeed , and to do that you have to have a clear aim and actually make the argument . 
  at the moment ( well , we saw it with the remain argument in the referendum in the uk ) very few people will make an argument for eventual federalisation , even if it can be shown to provide benefits , because there is n't that eu identity , or common drive for it . 
   i still fully believe that even france and germany can not hope to seriously compete alone in the future . 
  neither economically , nor military-wise . 
  regional powers , maybe , but that 's about it . 
  in the end it all boils down to answering to greater powers and maybe being the regional hegemon serving their interests . 
  to be fair , the eu is n't going to be much more than a regional power either , even a federal state , especially one in which germany has any stay in establishing , is going to shy away from seeking superpower status . 
  germany and france can both be significant players on the global stage for the next century without much change , beyond that who knows ( i mean if you look at the last few decades you had the soviet union collapse , the rise of china etc. . ) . 
   being a nuclear power is useless if greater powers decide the rules of the economy , the financial market , the stability of your neighbourhood , etc. 
  what use was france 's military in stopping the financial crisis which was due to us-led deregulation ? 
  what use was germany 's pacifism in stopping the iraq invasion and the migrant crisis ? 
  the point on making the rules is that it is n't something that can simply be imposed ( again , look at china . . ) , it is something that works at the global level , very tentatively , through intergovernmental work . 
  arguably germany and france would have more individual say outside of the eu than having the eu speak for it . 
   as another example , look at military r&d . the recent push for more eu-financed military r&d also comes from the realisation that powers like the us simply have more resources they can focus to gain a technological edge . 
  the realisation that the us has been spending a huge amount of money for a long time and so has both breadth and depth when it comes to military capabilities and technology should also be a thing . . 
  i mean look at russia , it is essentially still relying on the spending and infrastructure provision it put in place as a superpower , if it did n't have that it 'd be fairly insignificant militarily . 
   i do n't believe in federalism . 
  i view it as an added layer of complexity to governance compared to the nation-state model that has no reason to be there except to allow the leaders to have more influence on the world stage . 
  the problem is that for the eu to actually succeed as a political project , something akin to federalisation , certainly closer integration , is probably required . 
  that essentially provides something of a stark choice if you are asked whether you want to be part of the eu or not , do you want to be part of something that does n't quite work and has to essentially fudge an extra layer on top of ( or really at the same level of ) national governments , or are you happy to go down the federalisation route which closes quite a lot of options and would create a formal ` top ' layer . 
  lots of people here seem happy with the latter , personally i think it 's a great argument for those who do n't want to be part of a federal eu to look at other options outside of it . . 
  yeah , of course . 
  in fact i 'd argue that reddit is actually a pretty excellent echo chamber in part because it does n't totally exclude opposing views and in part because you can find ( and then point at . . ) corners of it that are ` different ' , giving more of a feeling of diversity of opinion and more credibility to the affirmations you do get . 
   i agree , which is why i am a eu federalist . 
  however , as a more pragmatic approach i do view integration of a core group as essential . 
  i do n't see it as too problematic , for one simple reason : the eu as it is now can not endure . 
  we either retreat back into eec territory or push forward . 
  if one of those silly things really , i absolutely can see the benefits of federalism for the eu , in the very least of closer integration , but absolutely do n't think the uk should be a part of that and i certainly do n't want it for the uk , so it becomes an argument for leaving ( ever closer union and integration is how you solve some of the eu 's problems , if you do n't want ever closer union , membership itself is problematic . . ) . 
  i do wonder what other countries would look at that in the same way , and what that leaves in terms of the core eu . 
  on balance it may still be more positive than not though . .  the eu as it is breaks down , it might even herald a core group to establish a more integrated , second attempt . 
  that 's a more interesting question , i sort of wonder whether the big drivers that led to what is now the eu are still present enough to make that viable . 
  the argument that ` no single eu country can make it alone on the world stage ' , does n't really apply to france especially or germany either , there are undoubtedly benefits of union , but if you were starting from scratch , i wonder how many of them would actually be included . . 
  this is and will likely remain one of the fundamentally different perceptions between ( and i 'm generalising a lot here but . . ) the likes of the us , uk , canada etc. . and some of the core eu countries . 
  we both see the impact of the eu and nato vary differently in terms of ensuring peace and slowly , that is morphing into the view that the eu would be better off without nato . 
  you could argue that this then starts to mirror the notion that the eu fracturing is a threat to peace and stability ( that is to say that nato fracturing is absolutely a potential threat to peace and stability ) but with people pushing for it anyway , largely because they see the argument as invalid and have their own theory . 
  indeed , it 's about who chooses to participate , which in turn is driven by how people perceive that their input will be taken and responded to . 
  as you point out , the mods trying to force a particular agenda one way or the other through censorship or similar simply wo n't achieve much ( and is somewhat unhealthy anyway ) , and i 'm not sure its desirable anyway . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how the sub develops over time though , especially as opinions change and the user-base either turns over or simply ages , you might find it does start to more accurately reflect some of the views that are somewhat omitted ( and to be fair , there tends to be more visibility for some fringe positions than you would find in any random sample of people of the same size across europe . . ) . 
  at the end of the day , it is somewhere where at present , there is significant pro-eu sentiment , but it is n't without people who take a different line , and that 's not going away any time soon either . 
  this is absolutely true , but you have to realise that there are some obvious consequences if you think it through . 
  if you change the power balance within the eu from the states to the people , or simply strengthen the eu , the eu becomes something different , that quite a few people ( and potentially states ) will see as problematic . 
  you essentially have to either accept the possibility of the eu getting smaller but more integrated , remaining as it is , but still facing significant barriers to integration , or finding some third option ( the multi-speed approach i suppose ) that only half deals with the issues . 
  i think the issue is at least in part that criticism , and different views are sometimes seen as hate and responded to as though they were , on the other side of that , some people see the problems that the eu has as a reason to actively hate the project , often somewhat irrationally . 
  the whole brexit thing crystallised that really , you have a very small number of people in the uk ( who are quite vocal . . ) who actively hate the eu , would like to see it crumble and collapse almost regardless and that taints the perceptions others have of the much larger group of people who do do n't hate the eu , but would rather not be a part of it . 
  yes the assumption is that those who voted leave , hate the eu and those who voted remain are very positive about the eu . 
  of course the reality is that most people fall somewhere much closer to the middle ... 
  it 's a simplification , and people thrive on simplification , it allows you to mark the ` others ' the people you are ` against ' rather than consider what you actually have in common , and discuss and weigh up the issues at hand . . 
  in short it 's much easier to split people into those who hate the eu ( who can criticise it etc. . ) and those who love the eu ( who ca n't even allow criticism ) , than it is to deal with the complexities of reality . 
  which is a huge shame as it creates real barriers to both understanding , and for those who want to remain in the eu , the opportunity to find positive change that brings more people into their camp . .
