  the reality now is that gibraltar has been uk territory for a long time , the population has lived there for a long time , at this point they have every right to determine their own future , and currently the means to ensure that they make that determination . 
  if at some point that changes then that is up to them . 
  denying people a right to decide who they are governed by and how they are governed is n't acceptable anymore , in fact it has n't been for some time , nor has the notion that territory is more important than the people living on it . 
  as long as the uk is in a position to support and defend gibraltar , it likely will , at least until the people who live there decide they want to take a different direction . 
  not really , it 'd mean that someone had started another war in europe , one that would likely cause death and destruction , harm at least the uk and spanish economies and likely not result in a change in the status of gibraltar either . 
  be sure , gibraltarians would massively prefer to remain in the eu , but they also fiercely want to remain a british overseas territory . 
  that is n't terribly likely to change either , the last referendum on potential shared sovereignty with spain saw gibraltarians reject that by 98.97 % . . at the end of the day it is up to the people that live there , not the uk or spain as to what their future arrangements are , but i think it will take a lot more than the uk leaving the eu to push people to even consider a significant change in status . 
  yeah . . no . 
   likely with the same isds and similar mechanisms but the activists wont say a peep i 'd actually assume that activists would have similar issues , the arguments around isds seem aimed at pretty much any agreement , not just those with the us . 
  you are right that they would likely be included though , china is already party to agreements that include similar mechanisms . 
   generally bicycle traffic is one-way too , so you only need to pay attention to what is coming on the left . 
  ah , that was n't that clear from the overview diagrams . 
   during rush hour roundabouts can get a bit jammed , but i would n't say traffic is as bad as with red lights . 
  if everybody just indicates correctly , jamming is pretty rare . 
  i was thinking about the uk standard ring-road approach , where you have a circular road around a city with 3/4 lanes in each direction punctuated with roundabouts with the bulk of the traffic going straight on . 
  if you added cyclists to that , especially given they are more likely to be heading across the traffic ( into the city , rather than around it ) i thought it might have a more major impact ( and yes , traffic lights are much less effective generally for that kind of junction ) . 
  that said , for those large roundabouts there tend to be pedestrian underpasses too , only somewhat annoyingly often there is n't any separation on those for bikes either , meaning it can get a bit problematic if you are cycling and there is any amount of foot traffic . 
  i vaguely wonder if junker ( and a few others ) are exacerbating the tension between the eu and us to cause even more instability and concern about defence , and i mean in addition to the stuff we 've heard from trump and his band of motley idiots over the months . 
  after all , a weakened nato , or even doubts over the continuity of nato might shift some of the views in member states ( who all have a veto on military integration ) toward an independent eu defensive capability and an eu army . 
   i wanted to see what happens if a long vehicle has to stop for a cyclist when exiting a roundabout . 
  would n't this hold up traffic on the roundabout ? 
  any vehicle in fact . 
  it 's quite interesting , the priority given to cyclists seems to change the dynamic of the roundabout almost entirely . 
  in the uk context , when you are exiting a roundabout you have priority , when you enter a roundabout you give way to the right , a lot of the time that means traffic keeps flowing . 
  if you applied the dutch model to the uk , you 'd presumably have to give way to cyclists left and right before entering the roundabout , then give way right to vehicles on the roundabout and again give way both ways to cyclists on the way out . 
  now whilst that is still miles better than the cyclists having to share the roundabout i suppose it only works well on smaller roundabouts or ones with less traffic . . 
  the protected lanes are something i 'd like to see more of in the uk though , cycling gets scary fast in urban and rural environments and cycle infrastructure does indeed seem to stop just at the point where it gets useful . . 
  it 's basically a two part issue : those who want to see the eu move forward on projects like the euro and schengen ( and now on defence , likely on foreign policy and some home policing stuff too ) getting as much implemented as possible is enough , the idea being that the rest will come because it has to , and when a crisis hits , then that 's a good time to push further . 
  those who do n't want to see those things implemented prevent the further integration that requires further national consent ( or the handing over of more competencies to the eu ) and they have opposed that even where there is a crisis . 
  realistically the answer is n't to simply ignore those who do n't want things to move in a particular position , but rather map out what is needed for something to work properly and then work towards that in its entirety . 
  unfortunately that takes longer . . you can probably also make a convincing argument to say that the issues around schengen and the euro will have a knock on effect in terms of confidence within some member states , which in turn will make it harder for national governments to hand over the powers the eu needs . . 
  it 's worth noting that with ttp and ttip china was being locked out of what could have been a framework for global trade , headed and driven by the us and along lines that the us has been keen to implement for quite a while . 
  with the us dropping ttp and ttip looking somewhat dead in the water , china has an opportunity to do what it has been trying to do in asia outside of that us led framework , and build an separate , non-us focued lattice of trade agreements . . 
  the mock outrage in some quarters is hilarious , the reason you give out information on strip clubs and booze etc. . ( even on prostitution and so on ) is because if you drop several hundred or more soldiers somewhere , they are going to go to the bars , strip clubs and anything else that looks fun , giving them information on where to go that is reasonably safe is better than having it all go tits up later . 
  you do n't you go the [ other route ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ucksn ) ... scotland would have to be in on it of course , i 'm sure they wo n't mind in their new more chocolatey highland home . 
  i 'd argue that poland has some of the greatest needs when it comes to funding , especially in terms of development funds which seems about right . 
  but you are correct in saying that politicians actually accessing and winning bids for funding are relevant too . 
  depends on the project , and there are wholly eu funded projects too , but that tends to be the exception , and for obvious reasons , the eu budget is a lot smaller than the national budgets of the member states . 
  i 'd also assume that it varies considerably between members and regions . 
  it might well be , but that 's not really a huge drama at this point , the investment is worth it and the eu is n't the only financial contributor to the project , so it 's not going to get dropped . 
  to be fair , this tends to be a two way thing , eu funding tends to be a fraction of the cost , and often gets invested in projects that are already on the table and funded through a mix of government and public finance . 
  essentially it 's annoying as hell either way , you see the eu put in 2 % and get a huge flag and board proclaiming that it was ` part funded by xxx ' , at the same time local politicians ( who likely pushed for these projects . . ) will work to minimise any support that they have had to claim the success for themselves . . 
  it 's also a bit daft given that the uk meets the 2 % nato target and spends more than other eu members by quite a bit in absolute and gdp terms on foreign aid . . you do n't have to pick one or the other , you can make sure both are appropriate to meet your foreign policy and domestic security needs . 
  eugh , thanks , i forgot about that . . 
  in any case , rather than blatantly ripping off the times , the same issue is being reported by the telegraph here - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/16/britain-will-attempt-offset-brexit-cost-150-billion-worth-european/, 
  ours ( sheffield in the uk ) is pretty small , but then it 's not a terribly friendly city in geographical terms for cycling casually anyway and the cycling infrastructure is n't great to boot . 
  from what i understand of the system though , it 's pretty reasonably priced , the bikes are reasonable , but there are n't many . 
  i do n't think i 've seen the council promote it either ( but i may have missed it . . ) . 
  i 'd say that for what i and the people i know who cycle use our bikes for , it probably would n't work too well , and i 'm not sure how much call there is for what people usually use bike sharing schemes for . 
   germany still maintain europe 's most potent air force i 'm not sure they do . 
  i 'm reasonably certain that both france and the uk are more capable at this point . 
  nato has an agreement with russia to borrow their heavy lift . . 
  it 's quite sensible , but amusing in context . 
   they chose to go with diesel propulsion instead of nuclear , and ramps instead of catapults , to save money . 
  to be fair , they were specced for stovl initially and the uk 's carriers have all been conventional and ramp rather than nuclear and catapult equipped , so it 's not a departure for the uk . 
  the ` cost saving ' for a catobar variant was n't really a cost saving either , there would have been additional costs in changing the design to incorporate a totally different launch system , and of course with the ship not being nuclear that adds more issues . 
  that said , the uk actually has decent reasons for having carriers , and has had to use them defensively in the moderately recent past , something that most other countries in europe do n't . 
  poland really is , all in an eu success story in terms of development and where it has managed to get to . 
  i have n't seen one , you have to adjust for way too many factors in most cases to make it meaningful across countries ( different age brackets for minimum wages , different conditions for in work benefits , different tax schemes ) and the differences are pretty huge . 
  i touched on it in another comment in a different thread , and this just relates to the uk : * if you take the full time annual minimum wage in the uk , it 'd come to about # 14,976 ( $ 17589.42 ) a year , if you are single , over 25 and do n't have any kids or disabilities that 'd mean you 'd take home # 13,351 ( $ 15686.44 ) a year after tax including ( no ) in work benefit payments . 
  * * on the other hand , if you were married ( to a partner who does n't work ) and have two kids , ( again , no disabilities etc. . ) you would take home # 20,734 ( $ 24352.23 ) a year including various tax credits . 
  and that ignores other benefits people might be entitled to , and it certainly does n't take into account the very large difference in cost of living between different parts of the uk . 
  * if you wanted to do that in any sort of accurate way across lots of countries you 'd end up with more variables than would be useful for presenting the information . . 
  to be fair , if i were spanish and wanted to see continued unity i 'd be suggesting that catalonia needs at least a path to a referendum . . 
   the thing is , everyone is asked to vote , so we are often put in positions of discussing those views across wide gaps of knowledge . 
  to be fair , when it comes to voting you essentially have to know what you want , and whether the candidate stands for that or not ( possibly with the addition of having a view on how credible he or she is ) . 
  you do n't need an in depth understanding of health policy to want a publicly funded health service , or have a comprehensive understanding of economics to decide on whether you want a more left leaning , or right leaning ( or protectionist , or globalist . . ) candidate . 
  with referendums its arguably simpler because you are asking about a single issue , and it still broadly comes down to personal preferences , supported by understanding rather than picking a measurably ideal option . 
  which i would agree with , as i said elsewhere , i 'd expect it to be as close to nil for those educated in the uk ( and frankly any other developed country ) if you excluded those with learning difficulties as possible . 
  indeed i 'd expect it to be dropping ( as older people who are marginally less likely to have had access to decent education die . . ) and millions of people , is a staggering amount . 
  however the uk does seem to be in the bounds of normal for a developed country , and low globally . 
  all in i do n't see the relevance with regard to opposition to trump , or why it 'd be a factor ( as if it were i 'd assume you 'd expect it 'd have the same impact in places like germany and france , and would paint the us in a strange way given the election result . . ), 
  of course . . where have i suggested otherwise ? 
  you can be very well trained and highly educated and hold absurd views on any part of the political spectrum , or on the environment , policing or civil liberties . . we certainly are n't all geniuses , and we are n't all as equally informed and knowledgeable about every subject . . 
  although i 'd argue that with the internet there is no reason not to be reasonably well informed about the basic issues on any particular subject . 
   just high for a rich and highly developed country with a long history of being so . 
  i expected it to be better than a lot of countries facing great upheaval until the end of the last century . 
  so , which countries are they high in comparison to ? 
   let me ask you this , though . 
  if you believe something is a smart and obvious and option , do n't you have problems understanding why smart people do n't take that option ? 
  yes , and it can be frustrating . 
  that said i also understand that people have different positions , ideals , priorities and ideas and that does n't make them stupid or illiterate ... 
  the current trend to assume that the ` other side ' on any issue is stupid , under informed and ca n't possibly have any valid reasons for holding a position is frankly troubling , because it leads people to dismiss them . . 
   i think you misread my comment as `` uk is dumber than europe '' . 
  i was questioning the ` high levels of functional illiteracy ' if they are n't high in comparison to euope ( in an / r/europe chart ) what are they high in comparison too ? 
   you might even be on his side , but it 's hard to argue that he 's not a threat to the status i 'd agree that it is hard to , but there are a few arguments that suggest he might not be ( i do n't think they are right , but it 's generally worth looking at what the other side are talking about ) . 
  those arguments generally revolve around how much influence he can actually have , how much support he has to make real change , and how much of his apparent insanity is noise and how much reflects his actual positions . . 
  i 'd argue that he is a threat to stability , but that a lot of people are catastrophising too , ( although . . his first weeks in power have shaken that to some degree ... ) . 
  in any case , i suppose my real issue is linking functional illiteracy to feeling that trump is or is n't a threat to international stability does n't really seem terribly valid , and if you are dropping the notion that it is relatively high , rather than just absolutely larger than most of us would want it to be then i 'd agree with that too . 
   do n't want to sound condescending on such a touchy subject , but 15 % is almost half of that 1/3 you assume that there is overlap though , and that functional illiteracy somehow equates to support for trump . . 
  if that were the case , you 'd presumably see similar levels of support in other countries with similar levels of functional illiteracy . . ( and that 's before you consider what it 'd mean for the us elections . . ) . 
   did you read that bit : 47 % of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional mathematics , and 42 % fail to achieve a basic level of functional english . 
  yeah , a basic level being a c or above at gcse . . that 's not functional illiteracy and it 's not out of line with other countries either . 
   seems like that pool is growing , not shrinking . 
  again , sorry if i am over-explaining it no . . 
  it does n't . 
  however the current trend to mark people who others disagree with as stupid is reaching really problematic proportions when there is an attempt to dismiss people as likely functionally illiterate . 
  trump should be seen as a nightmare for anyone with an ounce of common sense or compassion , but that does n't mean there are n't quite a lot of smart people who seem to think he might be useful to them in some way . 
  oh and it 's worth pointing out that there seems to be a keenness to conflate a lack of condemnation with support . . 
  which also seems unlikely .
