  the uk is leaving the eu , the government has been pretty clear on that , so has the opposition . 
  the odds of the uk not triggering article 50 are incredibly low at this point , hell the actual betting odds of it not being triggered by july are pretty good , if you want , go put some money on it . . 
  hmm , i wonder ... 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | england what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | german , english ( not fluently , french . . ) what is your usual timezone ? 
  | gmt have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | yep , some small geo subs on reddit what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | between the passionate anger and occasional onemindedness of the sub , there is still room for discussion . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | it 's always better to share the load . . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | they seem to be ok , some are a tad ambiguous and not always evenly applied . 
  i 'd say that post moderation is sometimes skewed a little , possibly because of the rate of submission , but comment moderation seems generally sane and sensible . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | i 'd like to see more interesting local stuff that actually gives a flavour of places around europe that i do n't get to see . 
  that does bubble up occasionally , but not as much as it might , and i think sometimes it might get seen as local news . 
  the other thing i 'm kind of interested in is how to make more use of non-english content , and possibly less antagonism toward non-english comments , but i realise there are issues with both that are n't easily addressed . . why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | i spend enough time on here that i can probably pitch in . 
  well , until i have something major come up , but that tends to be periodic rather than constant . 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | i do n't think it 's entirely possible , but i think if you have a decent mix of views it 's at least somewhat achievable . 
  which is fine , i 'm just pointing out that you have to go some way out of your way to misunderstand it to the point of posting it with the kind of headline you have here , or indeed to report on it ( as you pointed out with spanish and portuguese media ) . 
  it 's shitty journalism at a sort of similar level as you might expect from the mail , or someone trying to push a rather silly agenda . 
   if you look at the video , it is actually possible to misunderstand what he says . 
  i did , and i do n't think it is , unless you are looking to misunderstand something . .  the spanish news agency reporter from eve who must have spread this , must have misunderstood `` cease to exist for us '' as `` cease to exist as such '' . 
  indeed . 
   to say that `` the eu will cease to exist for us '' is a strange way of saying `` we will be outside the eu . '', 
  not in context it is n't , i mean , if i ran out of ketchup and did n't have any other sauces and someone said ` well , that 's it , no more ketchup for us ' , and i said ` no more condiments at all ' i 'm pretty sure it would n't be understood as condiments ceasing to exist altogether . . maybe i 'm coming to this story late , but no-one ( including the linked article ) seems to have had a massive issue with this phrasing , other than a very small number of outlets in spain and portugal . . 
  so i think its a little hard to claim that most people would misread it as they have . 
   i did not misread . 
  the spanish and portuguese newspapers wrote : `` british minister believes the eu will disappear as such '' ( ministro brit\u00e1nico cree que la ue como tal desaparece con el `` brexit '' ) a furtive viewing of the video appeared to confirm that . 
  sorry , you are right , i 'll rephrase if your media misrepresented what was being said ( to the point that it does n't make sense in context ) i 'm not sure what more you can expect . . 
   no it is n't . 
  the news was reported by the spanish and portuguese media exactly as i related it . 
  by someone who failed to understand what was being said ... that 's the issue here is n't it ? 
   i could n't believe he actually said it . 
  why ? 
  the uk is going to be out of the eu . 
  i mean , if you misread what is being said ( to the point that it does n't make sense in context ) i 'm not sure what more you can expect . .  nobody can deny that the position of the uk government is ambiguous , to say the very least , and thus open to misunderstanding . 
  on the exit negotiations sure , but there is no-one in the uk government who has said that they do n't expect the eu to exist after brexit . . again , i can see how you might misread it or misunderstand it , but the conclusions being drawn here are n't the obvious ones , someone was reaching for something controversial that really was n't there . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm sure that some of the worse uk tabloids would go with similar headlines , but no-one would take them at face value , and they 'd clarify in the article . . 
  the parent said eu , not euro though . . 
   that the position of the british government is open to misinterpretation is not the fault of news organisation . 
  it 'd only open to misinterpretation if you completely misread the statement . 
  in short , the position of the uk government is n't open to misinterpretation , however failing to understand a sentence , misreading it and then claiming it 's uk government policy ( especially when everything else said contradict that . . ) does seem just a little disingenuous do n't you think ? 
  his formulation is n't odd in english , it 's open to misinterpretation if you are looking for something to get upset about though . 
   bulgaria and romania are more likely to join than anyone is to leave bulgaria and romania are both already eu members ... 
  the only countries that have even begun the process of joining are albania , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and turkey . 
  i doubt that those will be joining terribly soon . 
   this is where the same uk users who 've been happy that ceta was apparently not going to be passed because it showed the eu was useless are now going to suddenly be all anti-trade deal now i bet . 
  i doubt they are going to become all anti-trade deal , because the issue is less about the deal than it is about the process . 
  the next people for those in the uk to get annoyed at are the uk parliament , because whilst apparently a regional government in belgium can extract concessions , the uk parliament is n't even going to debate ceta until after it has been provisionally applied ( well , the bits that are eu competencies anyway , the chances are the uk will be out before the mixed aspects come into force . . ) . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see how the ratification process goes though . 
   but preparing your kids for school and bringing them to kindergarten is not homework like some have claimed . 
  i mean preparing for work or commuting to work is n't either . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  it 's something , but it is n't housework . 
  the uk is quite a bit further north . . for example , between may and july the south of england does n't technically have full on night ( we end up with what is technically astronomical twilight . . ) and that 's the ` darkest ' part . 
  during the same period , madrid gets on average 5 hours of actual night a day . 
  to be fair , as a single person i could get away with doing two clothes washes a week with maybe half an hour of ironing , add kids and it 's at least one wash a day and quite a bit more ironing ( school shirts etc. . ) . 
  food preparation takes longer , there is more to clear up ( not so much now that the kids are older , but when they were younger it was pretty constant ) . 
  i would n't count the parenting bit ( reading , working through homework , going out with the kids , fixing bikes etc. . ) as housework , but they do add a massive amount of simple admin and cleaning on top of what i needed to do before we had them , never mind when i was single . . 
  the * other * [ longbow ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/apache_longbow_gesamtansicht.jpg ), 
   the difference is , imo , that the eu has the trifecta of political powers and a civil society that matches it , making it much more democratically legitimate and accountable than isds courts that would float somewhere in international hyperspace where multinational corporations roost . . 
  i did n't mention isds , so i 'm not sure about the relevance , but i 'd agree that the eu is more democratically legitimate and accountable than isds processes that are generally neither . . 
   also the # 100 billion trident renewal because russia . 
  well . . mostly because it 's at the end of its life and multilateral disarmament makes more sense than unilateral disarmament . . 
  like efta presumably . . 
   the eu has more trade agreements than anyone else ... no it does n't ... 
  fair enough , have a good one . 
   no , this is n't true at all . 
  the single market needs to be governed largely by common laws . 
  only on areas that are relevant to the single market , and you can do that via treaty , you do n't need separate institutions for example , although you do need a mechanism . 
   the euro and removal of internal borders are both designed to reduce barriers to trade within the eu . 
  indeed , but the single market includes economies that still have internal borders ( outside of schengen , but with free movement . . ) and are n't part of the eurozone . 
  the countries outside of those are n't any less part of the single market . 
   free trade has simply expanded to remove tariffs in services as well . 
  nothing in my statement is at odds with that . 
  indeed , and i agree with you . 
   no , nafta is nowhere near complicated enough to be compared to the eu 's framework . 
  and the us is far , far more integrated than the eu . 
   furthermore , the single market is the single most important component of the eu . 
  the vast majority of european legislation deals with it . 
  indeed , but it 's still closer to a trade agreement than it is to a fully functioning state . 
  although obviously the direction of travel currently is deeper integration . 
   there were 17 million reasons why people voted to leave . 
  agreed , and a lot of people miss that . 
  quite a few of those will have even been reasons not directly related to the eu . .  the public 's complete lack of knowledge of the eu is on full display as well . 
  too many people believe things about the eu that are simply not true . 
  agreed , on both sides of the argument . 
  but quite a lot of people , the majority in my view , will have made their decision on the right information , just not on all of it . 
  to put it another way , if your issue is immigration , or indeed the balance of competencies ( because lets face it , sovereignty is a silly term if you are talking about more or less of it . . ) then you are making an informed decision , if not one i 'd necessarily agree with, 
   this is the whole point of the single market : to reduce non-tariff barriers to trade , e.g. 
  borders , divergent laws/regulations , different currencies etc. 
  sort of , the borders , laws and currencies aspect is separate in the eu context . 
  but broadly you are n't wrong , although ftas have and can touch on visa 's and regulatory competency . 
  i do n't think any touch on currency as such though . 
   free trade primarily reduces tariff barriers to trade . 
  free trade traditionally focused on barriers to the movement of goods , basically it was about reducing tariffs .
