  lets leave and do exactly the same , but on our own '' is not exactly a good argument for leaving . 
  actually it does make sense , because it counters one of the reasons why people might want to remain . 
  and the ` lets do exactly the same ' is n't valid , the uk would n't do exactly the same , it might do something similar , but that at least would be down to the uk government who are at least accountable to uk voters . 
   this is unlikely to happen if you ask me . 
  the uk alone does not make enough of a difference here , even if they switched completely to buying from poor countries ( which you wo n't ) . 
  the cost of food in the uk is relatively high , the tariffs on things like oranges are insane , essentially there are a lot of protections for southern european states and france , not to mention sugar producers and so on . 
  it will make a difference and the uk would be in a position to both push that and benefit from it without the political crisis it would cause if the eu did the same , or if france tried it . . and no-one is suggesting we 'd switch entirely to buying from poorer countries , but even a small shift would make a difference . 
  i think you have to put the article in the context of how remain vs leave is being presented in the uk ( usually by the other side . . ) . 
  the eu is broadly presented as benevolent and internationalist , whilst those who would like to leave are supposedly isolationist and xenophobic by the remain side . 
  on the left , the idea that the eu is somehow a non-selfish actor that is beneficial for the world , helping and being nice and so on is part of the argument , this seems to question that narrative quite a bit . . as to :  this is completely ridiculous . 
  a brexit would mean that the uk can focus more on countries other than the eu , but it certainly will deal with the big and rich countries and not aim to boost the poor countries in africa . 
  the uk wo n't have the same issues around protecting agriculture and some other economic aspects that the eu really does have to deal with . 
  that means it can open parts of the economy to poor african states that it currently ca n't and see more beneficial bilateral trade as a result . 
  essentially if you are buying more from a poor countries farmers , you can also sell them farm machinery and all the other stuff they can suddenly afford . . 
  yeah , although that 's about the price farmers get from their customers ( dairy 's mostly . . ) , it 's been dropping ( and is around 22.5 p/litre ( 0.29 $ ) ) whilst milk prices for consumers have been pretty static ( and it feels like cheese is getting dearer ... ) . 
   brexit will be a precedence for leaving the union and risks inspiring others in the union to do the same , or at least increase support for movements which want less european cooperation . 
  many of those movements do n't want ` less european cooperation ' they want less eu . 
  the two are n't synonymous . 
  you do n't need the eu to have european cooperation and being outside of the eu does n't exclude one from cooperating with , or even promoting cooperation with other european countries . 
  oh , and frankly , if it ` inspires ' other countries to leave the eu because they too do n't see it as the right way to operate , then surely that 's a good thing . 
  but again , at worse it weakens the eu , but the eu is n't the west , it is n't really relevant when it comes to military alliances . 
  canada deciding to withdraw from nafta would do as much harm to the west . .  it will also probably prompt the scots to become independent , which will fire up other european independence movements - mainly the catalan . 
  it probably wo n't prompt the scots to become independent , although we 'll see , but even it it does so what ? 
  do you think the irish should have remained part of the uk ? 
  do you think people have no right to decide how they are governed if it does n't match your preferred method ? 
  scotland leaving the uk is n't a threat to the west either . .  so brexit is indeed a great risk to western and european cohesion . 
  no , it 's a small risk to the eu . 
  it does n't risk western cohesion at all . 
   nato is of course the essential glue , but a divided europe which fails to cooperate on many other essential matters , especially energy policy , leaves us upon to divide and conquer tactics from russia on select areas . 
  leaving the eu does n't prevent cooperation and frankly , even within the eu , members seem a little confused about what their approach to russia over energy should be . 
  the uk leaving the eu would mildly weaken the eu , it wo n't harm much else . 
   and while nato is the essential framework , the integration between european countries that has happened economically and politically serves to greatly strengthen this framework by cementing it firmly into our political and economic systems . 
  our economic codependency , cooperation and bilateral trade does n't go away if the uk leaves the eu ... 
  it changes , but it does n't go away . 
   this is also why you see the americans and other allies greatly favour the uk staying in the eu . 
  there is too much uncertainty with a brexit . 
  of course they do , they would prefer the status quo , it 's broadly beneficial for the us and others . 
  why change that to something that might be less beneficial or simply increases complexity . 
  that 's all reasonable and i can understand why the us and others would take that position . 
  but it 's not an argument for the uk to remain in the eu from a uk perspective ...  whatever small economic benefits and political independence the brexit campaigners hope to achieve with a brexit are not important to the us and other allies . 
  no , but they are important the the uk , which is the point . 
  we are n't going to continue along in a political project we do n't want to be part of because it 's a bit easier for everyone else does n't benefit them if we do n't . . 
   they did n't wanted steel tariffs because they were afraid of losing chinese inversion in exchange.that shows that you stand to china . 
  actually no . . 
  i 'd argue they did n't want them because the uk has very little non-specialised steel industry left . 
  the tariffs would have hit uk manufacturers to a much larger degree than they would have helped british steel manufacturers , and that 's before chinese retaliation ... 
  essentially , it would n't have been right for the uk at all , so why participate . 
  the uk would literally have hurt itself on both sides of the deal , with most of the benefit going to the larger eu steel producers . 
  of course for much larger steel producers like germany the calculation would be a bit different . 
   if you conflate junckers position with that of federalism through public consent , then that is ignorance or deception . 
  i can see why federalists might not want to be tarred by the same brush , but lets be fair , we are n't defining federalism using junker as an example , we are instead defining junker to some extent using federalism . 
  it 's a statement about the end game not the process after all . 
  although , i can appreciate why some people might not like the association , especially given some of the things said and done over the years . . 
   texas is what , maybe the 10th economy in the world ? 
  12th , a little above australia . .  would be a nuclear and military powe on it 's own would it ? 
  most countries arent . .  with soft power through massive companies , it takes a bit more than just having large companies . 
   but it chooses to be in the us in order to be a part of a superpower yes . . 
  although the history of that is a little different . 
  and lets be clear , the eu is n't the us . 
  the eu is n't a superpower , it is n't a federal entity , it does n't have a single identity and most importantly , it has n't had an event push it together as a single entity . 
  the us had that with it 's war for independence and then the civil war . 
  the eu has n't had anything of the sort ( and i 'd be happy if it avoided them frankly ! ) . 
   you can get out and be a mildly powerful state of course , that 's sort of the point . 
   the tories have already demonstrated with the steel tariffs that you do n't have a leverage as big as many british think against nations like china , the tories did n't want steel tarrifs , so , i suppose at most they managed to demonstrate that they do at least have some leverage within the eu . 
   or stay , lose your special status and try to turn this continent into a superpower . 
  i do n't think i 'd want the uk to be part of an eu superpower ( or a us superpower or anyone else 's superpower for that matter ) and i think the uk can quite happily manage not to be . 
  the uk has , to a certain extent , been there and done that , and frankly i do n't think we should be doing that again as a collective ... 
  frankly i 'm not sure the eu has the capacity to become a superpower anyway , economically massive sure , but a superpower ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i only just noticed it . . the $ looks close enough to a # that it looks so natural at the front ... 
   i ca n't recall what canada has said outside of trudeau 's recent comments . 
  not a lot directly , with mostly points about canada 's interests and how they intersect with that of the eu - `` an effective european voice in the world is vital . 
  the eu is a unique partner for canada , and canada has a direct stake in a strong and united eu . '' - as an example . 
  today 's stuff , the whole '' . . unity is a path toward greater prosperity . 
  we have a great relationship with a strong and united europe and certainly hope that that continues ... britain is always going to have clout , it 's just obviously amplified by its strength as part of the eu . '', 
  is perfectly reasonable , it does n't add massively to the debate , but at least it presents a position without feeling the need to add some veiled threats and predicted disaster . . maybe the bar is just really low at the moment !, 
  psst , i 've just realised they put their $ sign at the other end . 
   here it 's around 0,80 $ / l but it can go up to 1 $ / l as well . 
  over here it 's # 1 for 2.27 l ( 4 pints . . ) so that 's about 0.55 $ / l. 
  milk at # 1.70 + for 4 pints would create fairly major sticker shock . . 
  i 'd assume canadian or french if they were only talking about the g7 , on balance probably canadian , but frankly un-sourced it could be anyone . 
  well , apart from sch\u00e4uble obviously . 
  all in the language coming out of canada has been remarkably sensible over the period . 
  this new government of theirs actually seems to be quite good ... 
   i would like to make turnout higher , but let 's be honest , people do n't care enough about economic organizations to take the time to read about them and vote , so the path forward would be to make it a true political union and democratize it more.but would that please the british ? 
  no of course it would n't , you 'd have a massive fight on to have even a little more political union , never mind massively more . 
  however , i do n't think greater political union would increase engagement or turnout anyway . 
  the problem for the eu really is that legitimacy , increases in turnout and more integration can really only come about if people start wanting it , and people are only going to start wanting it if they identify with the eu and the project becomes ` theirs ' rather than the politicians . 
  the problem with the uk in that is that it sees the eu very differently from people in germany and , i assume elsewhere . 
   do they really do n't represent your position?what are the differences between labour and the other european socialdemocrats , or between the libdems and the rest of alde ? 
  i think principle wise there are n't massive issues ( although there are some , and there are fairly large divides on domestic policy between uk parties and their european sisterparties/alliance members on lots of things . . ) . 
  the problem rests with british citizens largely being less positive about the eu generally . 
  there is a very large , genuine and cross party support base for reform of the eu , broadly not reform geared toward closer political union , but reform nonetheless . 
  indeed if you look at polling , membership of a reformed eu has much larger support than just eu membership ( the problem now of course being a lack of belief that change can happen and a disagreement in what that change should be . . ) . 
  in short , it 's hard to find support for less eu , even from a pro-eu position , in the eu where most members seem to want more eu . 
   the fact that a unknown number of brits wish an asymmetrical relationship with the eu , instead of being a member with the same rights as let 's say slovenia , more economically and politically relevant sure , but just another state of this union . 
  absolutely . 
  i mean , why would anyone want to do that ? 
  the uk is a nuclear power , 5th largest economy in the world , massive innovator , lots of soft power and so on . . 
  it is n't slovenia .
