  to say that the uk government has n't acted on it is bizarre . 
  it has said it accepts the result , so has the opposition , it has set up a department to move forward with an exit , it is working to leave the eu right now . . 
  the only thing it has n't done is trigger article 50 . . 
  but then it does n't have to just yet and it would n't be beneficial to the uk to do so . 
   triggering the article is n't shooting yourself in the foot , it 's starting the negotiations of how to continue daily life after the exit . 
  its shooting yourself in the foot if you are n't ready for what comes next . 
  its like handing in your notice at work before you 've worked out what you are doing next ... 
   why make plans for something that you do n't believe in , the financial markets do n't want , and you wo n't be in charge of anyway ?!, 
  the government also prevented the civil service ( who are apolitical and do n't change when governments do , never mind when pms do ) from planning . 
  so basically in a vote with two possible outcomes , one of them ( the one that won . . ) was ignored , largely because it was politically convenient . 
  in either case , the point is that no plans were made in the run up to the vote , so the government is doing that now ( which is fine . . ) and so the process of leaving will begin once the uk is ready . 
   the bank of england had 250 billion ready to deal with the fallout so contigency planning did take place ( branded as `` project fear '' ) . 
  the boe , being an independent organisation , did the prudent thing and planned ( and i believe wargamed . . ) some outcomes , which meant they were in a sensible position . .  brexiteers should 've had an agreed plan before the vote , and yet the ones in charge of preparing brexit still ca n't even agree on what kind of brexit they want . 
  the problem is that much like there was n't a single vision about how remaining would work long term ( because it was sold as remaining in a reformed eu , with reforms suggested from both the left and the right . . ) there is n't a single view on what the uk should do outside of the eu . 
  the vote was n't about a specific relationship with the eu in or out , it was on the principle of membership . 
  now that the uk is leaving , everyone needs to figure out how that relationship will work . 
  in short , the referendum was n't about specific policies , it was n't even really presented as such , it was n't a general election , it did n't empower one group or another to implement any specific set of policies , all it did was inform the government that the uk should leave the eu . 
  the rest is down to the government to put together ( with the opposition doing its job , and the lords too . . ) with one eye on what works for everyone . 
  a 52/48 split on a referendum does n't give the government any particular mandate beyond leaving the eu , everything else , the how and the resulting position the uk takes will involve a lot of different positions coming together . 
  that way at least , when we do begin our exit , the uk will have a unified and comprehensive position to fight for in the negotiations with the eu ... 
   that in itself says enough . 
  it says that the uk should get itself into a position where it can move forward sensibly . . 
  it does n't suggest it is n't going to happen . 
   the other side of the coin is the procedure ( article 5 ) does n't require to be planned ahead , in fact the procedure itself is the preparation , i 'll put it even more frank , ` planning ' is n't even allowed . 
  the uk is perfectly entitled to plan on how and indeed when it intends to start the process of leaving the eu . 
  there is absolutely nothing ( and frankly it 'd be dotty if there were . . ) to prevent a member state preparing itself before notifying the council . . what it ca n't do is conclude trade agreements in advance ( as that is an eu competency . . ) but that is n't what the uk is doing . . 
  i 'm not sure where you get the idea that planning is n't allowed , but frankly its a rather daft notion and quite clearly false . 
   they would n't say it . 
  it would go just like the dutch referendum . 
  they 'll stop talking about it and have time wither away the sharp edges . 
  except that is n't how it works in the uk , we 've had the referendum , we 've set up a government department to negotiate our exit , we are putting people in place to deal with the eu and the wider world , and are currently working on a negotiating position , as well as preparing for the large mountain of additional legislation that the uk is going to need to extricate itself from the eu . 
  the notion that the uk would simply shoot itself in the foot for expediency is quite odd really ... 
  the uk is leaving the eu , it will do so relatively soon , but it will do so in a manner that keeps as much of the timetable under uk control as possible . . after all , why hand the advantage to the eu immediately , its better to be prepared after all . 
  [ ( here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yogxcawxsls ) of the anthem being played . 
   provided they 're actually going to leave . 
   which is becoming increasingly unlikely as time passes . 
  no , it really is n't ... 
  the uk government decided that it would not plan for an exit in the run up to the referendum , that was largely because it wanted to paint leaving as utterly uncertain and because the party in government supported remaining . 
  as a consequence , the uk ca n't immediately pull the trigger on leaving the eu , but it has made it very clear that it is going to ... 
  the uk is leaving the eu , there is no-one credible or indeed in government in the uk saying otherwise ... 
   i am not so sure . 
  the us has not seen a reduction in visitors since it introduced the same visa fees . 
  the difference is that the cost makes a huge difference to people travelling to say , france for a day from the uk , or spain for a weekend , it does n't make any difference to me flying to the us whether someone adds # 30-50 . . 
  i do n't generally decide to pop to new york on a whim , i can do that when it comes to the nearer parts of the eu to the uk . 
   i mean would you be put off a holiday in spain because of an extra # 10 - # 15 fee . 
  it 'd be another cost , but no probably not , but it would stop me from doing a day trip over the channel , it would also increase the attractiveness of places like turkey . 
   note how it says `` or a fairer alternative '' , which the fee system under the coalition arguably was . 
  even the libdems did n't try to weasel out of that pledge to the degree you are here , the text is pretty unambiguous , `` i pledge to vote against any increase in fees in the next parliament and to pressure the government to introduce a fairer alternative . 
  '' , you can hardly argue that actively voting for an increase in fees falls under that by any definition . 
   the tories are in power by themselves now though , so so much for that . 
  and frankly that 's partly down to the lib dems going from an insurgent party seen as an alternative , to one seen as utterly unelectable , largely through the choices that were made by the party . 
  the tories are in power now precisely because the lib dems decided that a coalition was a good idea , had they made a different decision , i think the party would have fared better and frankly i 'm not sure the tories would have weathered their first term as well . 
  there will presumably be a similar , albeit smaller issue with the ecb , given the uk currently holds around 13.5 % of the capital there too , albeit as a non euro-area ncb . 
  nah , there 's no point in applying it at the eu level , the uk sees lots of tourists from various eu states and that 's quite lucrative . 
  it might apply different requirements on different countries , but i ca n't see an eu wide fee being beneficial to the uk when you take in the potential lost revenue from visitors . 
   it 'd just result in like for like treatment . 
  it probably would n't actually , no point in locking out tourists who spend money here . 
  at most , the uk would probably be selective , and apply a visa requirement only to eu member states that might pose a migration risk , and then apply it as an actual visa , not as a small additional payment . 
  however , given the end result for the eu would probably just be a dent in uk tourism in places like france and spain , especially short trips ( suddenly a flight to somewhere else becomes comparable price wise . . ) who see rather a lot of income from tourists , i ca n't see the eu pushing forward with it for the uk . 
  but we 'll see i suppose . 
   we 've now got a serious crisis . 
  catalonia wants to secede but the rest of spain wo n't allow it to . 
  presumably you 'd have that problem at any point where catalonia makes it clear it wants to secede ? 
  i mean not allowing a vote would n't change the situation on the ground , the only difference is that it 'd be a little less obvious . 
  to be fair , clegg went from [ this ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2010/11/12/1289592932983/nick-clegg-holds-up-the-p-006.jpg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=8eeb56683646e7718d90b3cbb4272247 ) in the run up to the election , where he explicitly pledged not to vote for any increase in tuition fees , to voting for an increase . 
  the lib-dems got a massive amount of support from students in the 2010 general election , they then did the one thing that most of that new support base , and a lot of their existing support base did n't want , prop up a conservative government . 
  they then topped that achievement off by doing exactly the opposite of what they said they would do , on an issue that will have had a disproportionate impact on one of the groups that seemed to be very supportive of their positions generally . . 
  it was a massive miscalculation by the lib dems , and it was n't dealt with well after the fact either . 
  because this sub includes a lot of people who very much support the eu as a political and social project , which is reasonable , and see the uk as both having been a barrier whilst a member , and as being a threat as it leaves . 
  the distinction between ` the 48 % ' and the people who voted leave is somewhat immaterial in that context . 
  after all the uk is leaving the eu . 
  it does n't really matter that some proportion of the uk electorate did n't want the uk to leave , or that they might be more supportive of the eu project , because at the end of the day , with the uk on its way out , the uk is going to start making choices that are n't in line with the eu 's broader interests . 
  there also seems to be a feeling that even those that voted and campaigned to remain are n't seen as having done enough , or shown enough support of the eu . 
  that 's not surprising , the remain campaign must have been a huge disappointment to those that support the eu , after all it did n't so much extol the virtues of the eu , or show support for the political or social projects that the eu is made up of , at most it presented a sort of weak ` better the status quo ' message and pointed out that the uk was special anyway , and that the uk could better reign in the eu if it was part of it . . you ca n't really blame those in this sub that are extremely pro-eu from taking this vote personally either , or indeed for throwing their hostility at anyone in the uk rather than just certain elements , after all its easier to blame an entire country ( whether it 's for its stupidity , blindness , lack of information , a lack of effort or whatever ) than it is to look at the issues or individuals . 
  it 's a bit like the current drama in / r/unitedkingdom , or in some parts of / r/ukpolitics where there is an assumption that anyone who did n't vote remain must be a right-wing racist , presumably over the age of 55 and almost certainly stupid to boot . . 
  the uk leaving has hurt those with a huge investment in the project , and as such the uk will be a target for hostility . 
  at the end of the day i would n't worry about it too much , the uk will leave and life will go on , and as neither the uk nor the eu crumbles into dust , and it becomes apparent that actually the uk not being in the eu is probably not a huge problem for all concerned , things should get somewhat back to normal . 
  although the next few years will probably be a bit of a shit show , but at least we 'll have the russians and americans , as well as anyone else that gets in the way of the general narrative , as company . . 
  the eu does n't have taxation as a competency and you could argue that the eu is doing what the us federal government does in using the ` interstate commerce ' clause , to act in areas where it maybe should n't have any powers to act . 
  eu law does n't trump national law generally , eu law is empowered by national law and only in those areas where the eu has powers ( as granted through the various treaties that make up eu membership ) . 
  in this case , its a popular decision but i 'd be concerned about how the state aid definition can be stretched further to the detriment of members autonomy and the principle of subsidiarity . 
  it is n't a new issue either , we 've seen as far back as 2004 , cases where regional tax measures were found to be a form of state aid because they deviated from national measures . 
  that is a pretty worrying policy development because it appears to restrict the fiscal autonomy of local and regional authorities with devolved taxation powers , limit the ability of companies and states ( or regions . . ) to do deals that are geared toward regeneration ( the kind of , ` build your factory here , and we 'll give you a good deal on taxes , because no-one else wants to build here ' type deals ) . 
  and again , it seems to contradict the principle of subsidiarity . 
  but hey , we 'll see where this goes , especially if the eu is going to try and push for a more uniform approach to corporate taxation across the eu , and what that does to the various members who have been quite successful in using special tax deals to bring money into their economies ( often at the cost of other states ... ) . 
  i think we can all agree this is a game that we should n't play again , it would n't end well for anyone involved . 
  well yes . . that 'd broadly be the negotiating position , what other position could the uk take ? 
  however , even within the uk there is dispute about what it benefits from and what constitutes a cost and obviously the uk and eu are going to compromise on some issues . 
  but we do n't know what the uk will get and we are n't sure , in any detail , what the negotiating position is going to be . 
   it 's just a barrier to ensure the access policies of the eu zone . 
  about the only thing it will achieve is a reduction in tourism from the uk to places like france and spain , for whom british tourists are a massive proportion of their tourism income , and a significant proportion of their tourist numbers ( as in 15-20 % of all visitors . . ) . 
  i 'd also assume that the uk would n't retaliate against the eu in general ( not much point , it 'd just hurt the uk tourist industry . . ) but would look for ways to incentivize domestic tourism and potentially look at entry restrictions for those likely to overstay in the uk from the eu ... 
  in short , this would be a lose lose for the eu and give an excuse to the uk to tighten border controls on some nationalities . 
   let 's not forget that in negotiations the more powerful side has much larger leverage , particularly when the weaker side is somewhat desperate . 
  this is a wonderful trope , but it is n't strictly accurate , doubly so when you are talking about very large economies . 
  where there is a mutual interest in reducing barriers , an agreement can be struck regardless of the size of the participants , largely because it provides a benefit to both sides . 
  trade agreements are n't about forcing one side to submit , they are about finding mutually beneficial arrangements . . 
  i 'd also add that unity is pretty relevant too , the eu has to represent 28 ( well , 27 going forward ... ) views , interests and needs . 
  that means any agreement , even one that is broadly the best for the eu , will leave problems for individual members . 
  that does n't put the eu in a powerful position , it means you end up with both a negotiation between the eu and the country it wants an agreement with , and a negotiation between the eu and all its members ...
