  i think people are missing that between 1988 and the referendum , the pound traded at a high of 2.01 and a low of 1.3 to the dollar , averaging 1.6 or so , in that period we have seen swings in everything from interest rates , food prices , property prices and everything else . 
  currency has been one factor , but its not the largest by any means . 
  trying to predict food prices on what amounts to a 2 month period , one that will likely be followed by at least another 8 months of volatility seems a bit daft . . 
   presumably it would take a while to prepare a referendum , so the timing will be closer to art50 based on the last few , the timing will be closer to the conclusion of negotiations . . 
  there is going to have to be a bill introduced and passed in the scottish parliament ( this is a consultation . . ) , negotiations with the uk government , legislation passed in the uk parliament and then some time for the vote . 
  2 years is probably a likely time period from now , and that assumes no other major hold ups ( like the snp looking to time it sensibly ) . 
  i 's assume that the snp would prefer to see this before the uk leaves the eu so that they can use the ` remain in the eu ' argument , rather than have to fight a referendum on eventually joining the eu ( and potentially being pushed into things like the euro . . ) , but hey 'll have to put their foot down to achieve that . 
  not to mention there will be the same sort of issues around scotland not really being able to negotiate much before independence given what competencies lie with the scottish parliament , given the eu wo n't want to piss off the likes of spain . 
  it 'll be interesting to see where this goes an dhow fast though , although i doubt that the position in scotland is going to have changed enough to make scottish independence more likely than it was last time . 
   price rises for an open economy are absolutely inevitable if its currency is devalued especially to such a degree . 
  except of course that the pound is significantly lower than it was in 2006 by all measures ( indeed the fall from 2006 to this year , is massively more than the fall since the referendum . . ) and food prices are significantly lower . 
  to be fair , importing raw materials and semi-processed materials to produce exports that involve a high value add ( like cars and machinery . . ) means that increased purchase prices really wo n't negate the impact of being able to sell more . 
  if the uk were importing and exporting roughly the same stuff , or exporting raw materials and importing finished goods it might be different . . 
  how would that help ? 
   any car - since they 're virtually all imported the uk manufactures rather a lot of cars , and manufactures a decent proportion of those purchased domestically ... hell , since 2012 the uk has been exporting more cars than it imports on and off . .  wo n't all of these things need to go up in price to account for the currency de-valuation ? 
  some will , some wo n't . 
  for some things the higher cost of materials for imports will be offset by other aspects ( falling commodity prices , other currency fluctuations , increased exports and so on ) , outside of the eu you will also have to take in changes to tariffs etc. . 
  nothing in this is simple , the currency dropping in value is n't a net negative or a net positive for everyone , but it also does n't translate directly into a massive price rise or fall either . 
  arguably the price of oil will have more of an impact than a currency fluctuation ( and you can certainly argue that the current price of oil is holding prices down . . ) . 
   especially because u.s. companies are never sharing it , excepted with japan . 
  but all the countries involved in the f35 production chain , for exemple , get zero transfer of technology , nothing , not even a sticker . 
  pretty sure the uk got there , not without various parts of the us government having a couple of collective fits along the way . . 
  the uk buys the missiles from the us and both have been involved in bilateral development for the best part of half a century . . 
  the uk builds the submarines and produces the warheads for the missiles , so it 's not quite as simple as buying off the shelf from the americans , in fact , it 's rather different . . 
  probably not ? 
  the costs around trident are pretty well known ( and not small ... ) , and have been recently voted on . 
  even if you ignore that it seems unlikely that the government would involve foreign companies in something intended to cover a military expense ... now the argument that the uk is keen to mask the costs of military nuclear work by having a civilian nuclear establishment might make a little more sense . 
  but i doubt that the weapons design aspect is relevant to civilian power applications . . reprocessing , waste storage and so on already deals with nuclear materials and so on too , so that 's a known quantity ( at least as far as those things are public . . ) . 
  the uks nuclear submarine program is n't particular secret , we know it exists , we know the upgrades are coming and we know it 'll be expensive ... 
  but the uk has and will continue to have civil nuclear power too . 
  yes both sides of that may reduce costs , but i doubt that either is there to cover the cost of the other . . 
   my partner is with the british army to be fair , in that case your partner likely has access to both subsidised housing ( may depend on what the current state is in terms of availability for unmarried couples ) and is getting an additional payment in the form of the loa to cover differences in costs ( which in germany is a bit daft , given it 's arguably cheaper to live there than in the uk ) . 
  not that that makes it better for those without that kind of support . 
   however brits will not be able to freely enter the republics job market as they do now as they will no longer be eu citizens . 
  that 's a very different statement , and it 's true . 
  brits will not be able to access ireland 's job market as they do now as eu citizens , because they wo n't be eu citizens . 
  they will have whatever access the irish government decides to offer ( probably in negotiation with the uk ) . 
  that access could range from none , through to unimpeded , but we wo n't know until the uk and ireland announce whatever the arrangement will be . 
  my issue with your position is the claim that ireland , by virtue of being in the eu , would n't be able to come to such an agreement , or would be limited in what it could decide in terms of access . 
  ireland and the uk can come to whatever agreement they like , as long as that agreement does n't give uk citizens preferential treatment over eu citizens in ireland , it could however offer the same amount of preference ( ireland ca n't discriminate against eu nationals , it does n't have to discriminate against anyone else either though ) . 
   if an eu citizen and a non-eu brit go for a job that they 're equally suitable for and the non-eu brit is given the job then we 'd have to answer to all the eu nations who open their job market to us . 
  no . . you would n't . 
  much in the same way as if a settled chinese resident of ireland ( or germany , or france ... ) and an eu citizen applied for the same job , it could go to either . 
  if however you advertised the job in the uk and not in the eu you 'd probably have an issue . 
   the non-eu brit will have to go through the same visa process as chinese , canadians and australians . 
  or whatever visa process you put in place , they vary by country , and generally have a bilateral approach ( hence why an irish person might be more able to get a visa or entry to various countries when compared to other eu residents ... ) . 
   this is the visa regime the uk brexiteers wanted and now they 'll get . 
  the visa regime the uk brexiteers varies rather a lot ... 
  although i 'd assume most brits would want is one that allows them to work under the simplest terms in the most places . 
  the point however is that it is up to the uk government and any other governments ( that have control over visa issuing . . ) to make whatever decisions they want to make within the constraints of domestic law and whatever treaties they are a party to . 
  i did n't suggest otherwise anywhere , they could however have free and equal access to the irish job market , which is sort of the point . 
  brits outside of the eu will need permission to work anywhere else in the eu . . 
   as members of the common market , eu citizens come first . 
  absolutely , they 'd have more rights under the existing arrangement that ireland is party to . .  brits can apply the same as everyone else for a visa and ireland can grant said visas as it need to but eu free movement for eu citizens takes precedence in irish law . 
  indeed , eu citizens would essentially be treated as nationals , uk citizens would be treated however the irish government decides to treat them ...  if a brit and swede went for a job in ireland and the non eu brit got the job then we 'd have a case to answer to all our fellow eu nations who make their job accessible to us . 
  the requirement is that you do n't discriminate against the eu national , there is no requirement to discriminate against anyone else legally in the country ... 
  in short , as long as the eu national has at least the same amount of access as an irish national , or any other visa holder you are in compliance , and indeed that tends to be the set up in most countries . 
  people with a right to work ( either as nationals , settled non-nationals with the equivalent of leave to remain or eu nationals ) should be able to apply for a job before it is offered externally ... or to put it another way , you ca n't advertise a job abroad without advertising it for domestic applicants . 
   you 're not getting this . 
  eu membership supersedes the previous arrangements between ireland and the uk . 
  the uk voted out of the eu and we will be respecting that vote . 
  and you seem to misunderstand the restrictions that eu membership puts on ireland . 
  yes , ireland ca n't grant a uk citizen preferential access to an eu one , but it does n't prevent ireland putting in place whatever arrangements it wants for migrants or visas so long as they comply with that particular principle . . 
   do you seriously think the republic or ireland would go the polls to change their constitution to rule themselves out of the eu just for the uk sakes ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  ireland sets its own visa rules and can allow anyone they want to work in ireland , that is n't something that the eu is responsible for . 
  ireland ca n't grant uk nationals the right to work anywhere in the eu , but it can decide who can and ca n't work in ireland , and the conditions that they must meet ...  now that the uk and the republic will be diverging economically , it makes no sense for ireland to remain outside the schengen zone . . from this it would seem that your point is that if ireland decided to join schengen it might have to do something different , but given that it currently is n't , i do n't quite see how the rest of your argument stands up . 
  yes , if ireland changes its status and hands off its visa issuing to the eu in some way then things might change , but given that even in schengen countries can define their own rules for visa 's , settlement and work within their borders even that is n't terribly relevant . . 
  it 's up to the irish government to decide the conditions of its visas as they relate to working in ireland though . 
  the eu does n't set irish visa criteria for say chines or american visitors or migrants to ireland as it stands . . how is this different ? 
  it does n't . 
  ireland is in control of its own visa issuing given it is n't part of schengen . 
  ireland is n't in schengen , it can issue its own visas . 
  if it wants to work with the uk on that it can , there are no treaty issues ... 
  it 's not as though a uk or irish visa currently grants access to schengen . 
  so yes , the other 26 can get involved , but it 's a bilateral uk/irish issue , not an eu one . 
  had n't seen it . 
  someone did n't watch the video . 
  the issue is with mixed agreements , you ca n't have the eu essentially expand its own competencies and remits by concluding external agreements ... 
  the solution there is either to expand eu competencies , or narrow the scope of the agreements being negotiated . 
   just in case the humour is lost on anyone , this is meant to be a parody . 
  it 's absolutely not , it 's totally serious and your disparaging commentary is utterly unacceptable . 
  for shame . 
  how does the point that more was spent on the remain side of the arguments square with that ? 
  the worst kind of politics really ... 
  starting to feel like we are back to the government floating stupid ideas to see how they go . 
  yeah , we are down to something like 20k troops in germany at this point . . 
  you ca n't , but lets not allow that to get in the way of a nice anecdote . 
   ( do n't read that link attentively unless you want to get a headache or plan to do a phd in belgian politics . ), 
  i did what i guess is a crash course in belgian law a little while back and . . yeah , the whole state structure , legislative authority and the legal system coming from the french just made it unpleasant . 
  that said , belgium is just a bit weird anyway , ... ( with no serious offence intended , obviously ! ) . 
  bruges and brussels are both lovely in small doses and if you do n't take your car ... 
   in belgium a 2/3 majority is also enough to change the constitution . 
  but any amendments must be proposed by a previous government , and can only be voted on by the next government after the next elections it 's always interesting comparing those systems ( the us requires quite a lot iirc and has several ways to get an amendment process started , albeit involved ways . . ) , especially from the uk perspective where you can both sort of make it up as you go along , but are also generally bound by what amount to traditions rather than hard and fast constitutional rules . 
  again . . not sure of the point . 
  people in the uk voted for brexit , largely i suspect because they are n't on board with the eu project , for some that will have been about free movement , for others , regulation , for others still the future of the project . . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault , its what a slim majority in the uk wanted ... 
  i doubt the eu will get much thanks whether the uk makes a success of leaving or not , it 'd be a bit like thanking the us or china . . as to the eu , it will be interesting to see what it does next , what changes , whether it continues to expand or if it reforms , or if it stagnates . 
  all seem possible , the latter less than the others perhaps but still . 
  it will be a different eu without the uk in it and , whilst i 'm sure it 'll be fine , i do wonder who will take on the roles that the uk has played and what direction it will take .
