  if it 's good = people say : hah , should have done that in the past 20 years already . 
  see ? 
  it works !, 
  again , not sure why trump is relevant . 
  we are talking about benefits of eu membership , the polish government have looked at that over the last decade and outlined the improvements that poland has seen , and the benefits that poland feels it has had as a result of eu membership . . 
   you ca n't say that without knowing where we would currently stand if there was no eu , but i understand that this is how uk plebs try to argue . . you can argue the balance of benefits and costs though . . 
  it 's easier to do that for the uk than it is for poland . 
  i have n't seen it from ` the rest of the eu ' either , apart from possibly in this sub . 
  not to mention that the eu ca n't force ireland to put border posts in anyway , at most it can increase checks between ireland and the rest of the eu if it really wanted to . 
   you 're putting a lot of effort into arguing an incredibly minor point i 'm really not putting a lot of effort into anything , other than pointing out that it 's really not ironic for some people in northern ireland to identify as british as you suggest . . because frankly it 's a daft position to present . 
  as to your link , it 's lovely , well done you for posting it , but it really is n't relevant is it ? 
  seriously !? 
  last i checked , northern ireland was part of ` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ' and people from the uk ( often used as a short term for the above . . ) are often referred to , and often refer to themselves as british . 
  you are creating a distinction that does n't exist unless you start defining things narrowly by geography . . 
  moreover , even if they lived in gibraltar , or even germany if they were born to a welsh mother and a french father but identified as ` british ' surely that 's fine and perfectly unironic . . 
   you think the eu should just give unconditional bailouts ? 
  that 's cute . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i said that the conditions attached to the various stages of the bailout were problematic , not that the bailout should have been unconditional . 
   greece did n't have to accept the eu bailout , they had a choice . 
  they could have instead faced the consequences of their own borrowing and economy . 
  they did n't , they chose a bailout . 
  indeed , they were faced with two pretty nasty choices and tool the one they felt was less damaging . 
  that does n't mean that the choice they took was n't problematic , or that the choices offered were the only ones that could have been offered . 
   again you seem to think you can blame the eu for greece 's borrowing . 
  i do n't see how . 
  the eu did n't force borrowing on greece . 
  no , i do n't , and i certainly have n't said so . 
  i do however see an issue in how the bailout was structured and have a problem with the various priorities that were attached to the stability of the euro , the greek economy and the impact that continues to have . 
   `` chose to '' , not `` had to '' , because they felt the alternative was worse . 
  ` had to ' to prevent the alternative that they felt was worse . 
  that does n't change the substance of the point at all though . 
   they 're part of the uk . 
  that 's the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  indeed , and it gets shortened variously to uk , gb and britain , as you are well aware , and the people who live there are often referred to as british . 
  why then would it be ironic for people in northern ireland to identify as british ? 
   you might as well whinge that someone corrects you when you say northern ireland is part of england . 
  except obviously that that is wrong and not accepted shorthand for the uk , and quite annoying for a large number of people in say , northern ireland . 
  it really should n't be surprising , and it certainly is n't ironic that some significant number of people in northern ireland identify as british . 
  i must confess . 
  i 'm not used to talking to normal people on here . 
  not sure what to do next . 
  i could insult you in some way if it helps . . all in though , it 's going to be really quite interesting to see how this all continues to develops , assuming no-one does anything irrational or incredibly stupid ( and then it 'll still be interesting , just in a less fun way . . ) . 
  anyway , have a nice one . 
  given it 's part of britain not really ... 
  i do n't think people who are british are identifying purely with the geography , but rather with the country that ` britain ' is shorthand for . . 
  the issue is n't the bail out , it 's the conditions that have been attached to the various bail out stages . 
  greece is between a rock and a hard place , and some of the ` rock ' aspect is essentially of the eu 's making , the result has been pretty nasty for people and businesses in greece , and at times at the expense of financial institutions that presented a systemic risk to the rest of the eurozone if they were n't supported ( indirectly , via bail outs to greece . . ) . 
  it is n't just an issue in greece ( although it is amplified by the euro . . ) , it 's essentially a much more problematic playing out of the same issue we saw in other countries , where governments had to prop up banks rather than leaving them to fail on the back of poor lending decision . 
   if kaczynski does n't like then he should leave the eu . 
  is this the default now ... you ca n't disagree with stuff , you have to leave ? 
  usually backed up by ` we pay you !, 
  ' , which starts to sound a lot like ` we thought we 'd bought you ' after a while . . 
   this debate is actually not really brexit related and has gone on for a long time beforehand . 
  i 'm aware , it has been rumbling on for quite a long time , and it 's one area where the uk has been quite active . 
  it has however been pulled out as a stick a few times , it 's not as though there has n't been a refrain from some areas ( again , since before the uk voted to leave the eu ) that clearing should occur within the eurozone ( never mind the eu . . ) . 
   basically , if the eu wants to force euro clearing from the uk , it will be violating an ecj ruling , and will likely need to rescind equivalence for a lot of other countries that handle euro clearing too . 
  yeah , and the eu likely wo n't because it 'd be ( as you point out ) detrimental to the euro more generally . 
  it 's not like it has n't been tried before , so we know what the impact would likely be . 
  the concern really is around how the eu approaches these draft proposals and develops them , there is a lot of pressure from the likes of france to take a more protectionist approach ( and iirc france had exchange controls on the franc up until 1990 . . ) without the balancing effect of the uk , although in this area germany is fairly sane too so ...  it 's widely known in the market that coordinated central bank buying has long supported the euro at its weakest points over the past few years . 
  if that confidence goes , then all bets are off . 
  yeah , and no-one in the eu wants to cut themselves off from international markets whether directly or indirectly as a result of regulation , the direction of travel ( and as with mifid . . ) is in the other direction . 
  the point is balance . 
  yes there was and is a brain drain , but there is also investment in poland ( which is now labelled by some as exploitative , when that certainly is n't the case in most instances ) . 
  the question is whether the balance is right , so membership and participation in the eu is net positive for the member state in question . 
  obviously that is different depending on the state , but for poland , it seems to a net positive ( based on what the polish government has said , and what others have said ) . 
  that could change in the future , it could change for other member states , but right now it 'd be pretty hard to suggest that the eu has been anything other than beneficial to poland to at least some degree . 
  it 's quite a bit harder to paint eu membership as a bad thing for poland than it is for say the uk , but the polish government does do a nice job of looking at it fairly regularly [ see here ] ( http://www.msz.gov.pl/en/foreign_policy/foreign_economic_policy/costs_and_benefits/ ) . 
  some of those reports are well worth reading , and far from uncritical . 
  it depends heavily on the way that oversight occurs , the suggestion that the move would end up `` forcing uk operators to either relocate or be policed by european authorities . '', 
  is quite a lot stronger than the us approach , but essentially you are right , it 's a continuation of a story that has veered from the eu pulling euro clearing into the eurozone to the eu revamping oversight provisions . 
  and as you point out , mifid ii is going to be quite positive generally for third countries and obviously helpful in terms of simplifying regulatory approaches . . not a non-story though , the drafts are important , as is the approach being taken to risk . 
  it 's probably also interesting in a political context ( nothing in a vacuum and all that . . ) . 
   i disagree on it being a much larger risk . 
  fair enough , but i would then ask what risk the uk poses to the eu that is much greater than the euro taking a step on clearing that would be perceived as internationally hostile . 
  although we can leave that there if you prefer ( but i am seriously intrigued as what risk you see coming from the uk . . ) . 
   apart from this and from gibraltar , what 's your take on a trade deal between the uk and the eu ? 
  a mutually beneficial deal would be . . beneficial , and entirely possible . 
  it 'd be better to do it sooner rather than later given the current convergence on regulations and i think the eu and uk would both benefit from a continued push on the international level that maintains standards and regulatory approaches . 
  although i do think the uk approach has been better and a good influence on the eu more widely . 
  [ see this from the government office for science ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/381905/14-1190a-innovation-managing-risk-report.pdf ) , specifically ( although the whole thing is worth reading . . ) : * ... there are two fundamental confusions that bedevil debate on several important regulatory topics , particularly within europe . 
  the first is the way in which the notions of hazard and risk are differently embedded in national modes of policymaking . 
  this is why it is so important that we share a common understanding of the distinctions between hazard , risk , and vulnerability . 
  * * the second is a drift of interpretation of the precautionary principle from what was , in effect , a holding position pending further evidence , to what is now effectively a stop sign . 
  to be meaningful , the precautionary principle requires a rational response to uncertainty ( as distinct from risk . 
  ) *  on what basis should it be build ? 
  on areas of mutual interest . 
  we have a lot of overlapping interests , even outside of a political union . 
  the uk would be looking for a looser , and so likely less comprehensive arrangement when compared to the single market , but one that is as comprehensive as possible within the political limitations that the eu is working under . .  like the customs union ( preventing the uk from doing other deals ) ? 
  it seems reasonably clear that the uk is leaving both the single market and the customs union , largely that is about ensuring that the uk is as free to trade with the rest of the world as is possible , presumably at least in part to counterbalance the loss of the very deep integration it had as part of the eu . 
   the eu said the 4 freedom are inseparable , so a full trade deal like the current one ca n't happen indeed , and that 's a shame given the uk ca n't agree to the 4 freedoms ( or rather , the principle of the four freedoms , there are still issues within the single market , some of which happen to be very important to the uk on services . . ) . 
  that on its own means that the uk will be looking for an fta rather than being integrated into the single market . 
   how far from that full trade deal should it be ? 
  that depends on what the eu and uk can agree on really . .  regarding the 60b $ sum the uk agreed to pay , should it be repaid ? 
  should it be part of the negotiation ? 
  the uk has n't agreed to pay 60b $ afaikt . 
  that said , it seems clear that the uk has obligations , including financial ones to the eu , and the eu will likely also be seen to have financial obligations to the uk , so i 'd assume a negotiated figure could be identified and paid by the uk . 
  that should be part of the exit negotiations of course . 
  i 'd probably say that in terms of the negotiations , the exit and trade terms are somewhat distinct , there is some overlap , but they should be negotiated separately . 
  there is no real reason why there ca n't be some concurrency though .
