  so i 'm not that worried about it . 
   point being , i see no reason to be optimistic right now , except in the sense that this is our world war 1 moment and it 's a hell of a lot better than other generations ' ww1 moments ... like ww1 for instance . 
  i think that 's rather overly dramatic . 
  this is a big change , but we have seen big change before , and frankly the outcomes are likely to be mild even if things go bad . 
  in terms of impact on individuals who are n't either eu citizens in the uk , or who were actively looking to move abroad is likely to be much lighter than the 2008 economic crash . 
  if anything this is a huge opportunity , and it opens up areas for domestic political discussion that have been closed off for a long time . 
  the world is realigning itself , that 's going to define the next few decades , if the uk does a semi-decent job in the exit negotiations its entirely possible that it will be freer and more flexible to ride that storm . 
  and lets hope we do n't have to go through our own wwi moment , and maybe take a moment to grasp the magnitude of the impact of wwi on the uk and the world , because its on a different order of magnitude than leaving an eu that we had one foot out of most of the time anyway . 
   those two sets of wants are fairly incompatible without the uk agreeing to a compromise . 
  not really . 
  the uk can put rules in place around working in the uk ( not that it 'll make a difference to irish nationals . . ) and then anyone else entering through ireland would be in the uk illegally and subject to deportation . 
  there is n't currently a massive risk of illegal entry from ireland ( ireland is outside of schengen and does a good job managing its borders so . . ) so there is no need for a hard border to manage it . . as to goods , yes , there might be a small issue with grey-imports as and when eu/uk regulations diverge , but again , it 's unlikely to be a massive issue ( no more than running say petrol or tobacco over the border . . ) and can be managed by customs without a hard border . . 
  in short , the costs both actual and political , as well as the clash of interests are n't outweighed they risk that an open border with ireland would represent . 
   it 's nonsense to say that it `` sits '' with one side . 
  it sits with all sides in the negotiations that start next march . 
  that 's a different issue though , the uk does n't have to put a hard border in place even if it ca n't get any agreements in place with the eu , and ends up outside of the eu , eea and customs union ... what is more likely is that the uk and eu come to some sort of agreement , but you know as well as i do that without the uk government or irish governments wanting a hard border , the eu is n't going to push the uk for one , and if it did it is unlikely that the uk would agree to one . . 
  i ca n't see any scenario where the uk or ireland actively want to put a hard border in place , so it really does come down to what the eu finds acceptable . . 
   only for it to be pissed away in a referendum . 
  except probably not . . 
  even the worst case scenarios do n't suggest that we 'll be doing massive harm to the economy , and the models do n't take into account whatever exit/transition/trade agreements we end up with . 
  i think you may be a little more pessimistic than is necessary . 
  the real losses from the referendum will likely be freedom of movement , which seems pretty divisive and being part of the eu project , which actually seems less so . 
   we are just wasting their time , and our good will . 
  it 's a pointless gesture . 
  is it ? 
  the uk is n't the only eu member with issues around this issue , if the uk dropped its opposition or supported it , then surely that might mean that the eu can move forward under the current vote weightings and such . 
  yet once the uk leaves , the vote weights will change to some degree and it may mean that it could n't go ahead anyway . . 
  essentially , the uk changing direction and acting against its interests could help push something forward that would n't otherwise be doable . 
  and even if that is n't the case ( someone could check what the predictions are . . ) it would seem silly to drop a long standing position and harm relationships with the countries that are in the same boat purely to try and curry some favour that probably is n't there anyway with other eu members . 
  given the eu has said it is n't even going to discuss negotiations , there is no guarantee that dropping support would get the uk anything after all . 
  i 'd assume the uk would n't want a hard border so they would be unlikely to put one in place . 
  i also doubt that we 'd see irish troops on the border , because the irish government is n't going to want it either . . 
  so it 'd sit with the eu in some way , and what leverage they had with ireland ... 
  in short , i doubt we 'll see anything like the above , but if , in the unlikely event that we do , the uniforms will be different . . 
  i think this :  obviously we have lots of trash as well . 
  is basically the crux of it , trash sells , it sells very well , but there is a lot of quality journalism out there too , it 's just less popular with readers ( or perceived to be . . ), 
   i believe that cross-subsidizing goods and services to compensate selling one of them at a loss is n't . 
  again , i do n't think that 's generally an issue ( its done by some organisations to provide cheap services to people on low incomes for one . . ) unless it 's anti-competitive ( i.e you have a monopoly one something and use the money earned there to subsidise goods in another market in which you work to increase market share - something like the microsoft / ie thing ) . 
  i doubt very much that anyone involved in this has a monopoly . . 
   good luck getting nigerian parmesan . 
  to be fair , when it comes to things like parmesan , people tend to be a lot less price conscious anyway , and it 's not going to have an impact on the vast bulk of people . . and there are alternatives available from outside of the eu . . you have to remember that these tariffs are n't just applied to poor african countries at the moment , you have quite a lot of high quality producers of agriculture whose goods are more expensive presently . . 
   the uk has a trade deficit in goods because since the 70s the uk has lost a lot of manufacturing due to neo-liberal policies . 
  uk manufacturing and heavy industry has declined , but the uk is still the wolds 11th largest manufacturer ... 
  within the eu , france , italy and germany have larger manufacturing output , and only germany 's is massively larger . .  by cutting your trade relations with your most important trading partner , you do n't improve your trade performance , especially because there is no free trade for services , which represent 80 % of the uk economy . 
  just as a note , services are a bit over 70 % of the german , french and italian economies too , they just make up a smaller proportion of their exports . 
  but exports of services do n't make up anything like 80 % of the uk economy . 
  the bulk of that , like in germany and france is business that does n't export ( like your local restaurant , or hairdresser ... ) . 
  and again , the uk is the worlds 9th largest exporter ( in 2014 at least . . ) . 
   what you should also consider is that around a quarter of the uk 's food is imported from the eu . 
  you ca n't really choose not to import food . 
  to be fair , that 's a pretty bad example given how the tariff regimes work on food . 
  the uk imports lots of food , but currently there are lots of tariffs applied to food coming into the eu ( which protect eu production . . ) , throwing up trade barriers there just makes eu imports more expensive , and non-eu imports far , far cheaper ( especially if the uk drops tariffs that currently exist ) . 
  essentially you 'd be harming french and dutch farmers to the benefit of pretty much every other country that exports food , many of which do it quite a lot more cheaply . 
  yeah agreed . 
  it 'd actually be interesting to see what the actual cost price looks like in estonia and denmark , and how that relates to the retail price that op presumably paid . . 
  but it seems more like a screwy way of explaining why there is a cost differential . 
   that would be highly illegal , i believe . 
  not at all . . retail prices and cost prices are generally different , and installers will generally add a mark up . 
  that 's perfectly legal . 
  if i want to replace a socket switch , it 'll cost me about # 5 for 5 of them from a trade supplier , if i call an external electrician in to do it he would likely charge me # 5 + for one , essentially marking up the product price , which subsidises the price of the labour . 
  that 's pretty much how most businesses operate . 
  they buy things cheaply , sell them more expensively and usually add some value ( potentially by providing a service ) . 
  where they do provide a service , they can reduce the apparent labour costs by marking up the supplies . . 
  there is no requirement for a company to charge you , or even tell you their cost price for an item . 
   i think these people are just trying to earn some extra money off of you . 
  its also possible that the retail price is 1500euro in denmark , 700euro in estonia , but that the cost price is 300euro . . 
  in which case he just over paid by 400euro and the installer would normally earn the markup by selling the bit of kit in the first place ( and so can discount the service cost . . ) . 
  well , it seems to be a mixture , the implication is that because it was bought abroad , it was n't bought through their normal dealer , its possible that this means that they ca n't grab whatever commission they would normally get from the supplier , or that they lose their normal markup and have to recover it from the labour side . 
  essentially its entirely possible that the eur 1500 figure is an inflated retail price , well above cost , but that the eur 700 figure in estonia is also above the cost price . 
  at that point the op has paid more for the bit of kit than the installers would normally pay , and the installers ca n't offset their labour costs . 
  it really depends on the detail of why the ` abroad ' bit is relevant , as opposed to just not through us . 
  it 's entirely possible for example that they can claim a commission , or get some other discount as long as they can show they installed something sold by their dealer , but not when it is n't . . 
   only way you can dodge a bullet with that is if you can prove why installing the same item from country ( a ) would cost less then installing from country ( b ) . 
  or that they would normally cover some of the cost by way of a commission from the manufacturer/regional distributor if it 's from country a. 
  the argument there would be that it costs them more to install it because they do n't get a commission . 
  but you 'd sort of assume that 'd apply to everything not bought through them . . 
   that their dealers happen to be danish ca n't be held against them , but if they do have dealers outside denmark , then they 're presumably discriminating on the basis of origin , which should be illegal . 
  depends , if they get a commission when you buy through them they 'd essentially be doing the work for less money than they would normally . 
  the difference being that normally some of the cost would come from the supplier . 
  you can probably add stuff to that too , he 's looking at retail pricing but the installers could be looking at a cost price that 's quite a bit lower ( and without vat . . ) . 
  it may well be that whilst he 's spent less than the danish retail price to buy the thing , that that is still above the cost price and so the cost of installation pushes that well above where it would be if it were bought through the installer . 
  the discrimination based on origin is odd though , about the only thing that makes sense is either regional exclusivity agreements , or commissions . 
  i suppose the equivalent would be buying a part and expecting your local main dealer to install it for the price of the labour . . 
  they probably wo n't , because it 'll eat into the markup they 'd normally put on the part ( and that 's why i use a nice local independent garage to do that kind of thing , because they actually charge sensible labour and part costs , and will suggest places i can look to get cheaper parts ... ) . 
  but then the main dealer would tell me to sod off regardless of * where * i bought the part . . 
  i 'd be wary of the people jumping on this as an anti-trust issue . . 
  if they usually discount the installation because they make a profit on the purchase side ( which is really not usual - i had a boiler installed , the standard hourly rate + buying the boiler myself would have been a little above them sourcing it and installing it as a single item ) then that 's pretty normal . 
  essentially they are looking to make x profit for the amount of work , they ca n't without increasing their costs to you if you supply some of the parts that they would normally be able to mark up , at that point it becomes a loss making prospect for them or simply not worth the time . . a very common place where you will see this is with kitchen sales , glazing and so on , they will often throw in what are usually expensive appliances , or free windows ( or whatever ) if you use their installation service , or give you a discount on the parts in exchange for a higher all round cost based on installation . . 
  they could also get a commission for selling the heater , that they wo n't see if the heater is n't sold through them . . 
  the only part that seems odd is the fact that they are linking it to country you purchased it from rather than linking it to their dealer . 
  i 'd have thought they 'd do the same if you had bought it in denmark from someone other than their dealer , or if you 'd bought it used but not previously installed etc. . because they presumably would n't be able to mark it up that way either . 
  the only scenario that makes sense there would be if you can normally only get that system from their supplier in denmark , so the only way they would n't be able to grab that commission is if it had come from abroad . 
  anyway , companies are allowed to make a profit , they are allowed to refuse service if it is n't going to make them money ( and for a host of other reasons ... ) what they generally ca n't do is collude with others to reduce competition or collude to fix prices across a sector . 
  for example , vw can refuse to fit a part i supply to my car for just the labour costs if they want , they ca n't however work to prevent others doing so . . companies can however have deals with a supplier or dealer that pushes some element of exclusivity and an associated discount . . 
  i suppose the question is whether there is someone else who can do the job for you , might well be worth speaking to the people you bought the thing from . 
  the uk is eliminating farming subsidies ? 
  who knew !, 
  this is the right point . . 
  i do n't think its immigration taking the jobs ( although it may be to some extent ) and i do n't think that 's what has pushed the change . 
  there are now different expectations , both for parents and their kids .
