  firstly , there is n't a 20 % swing anywhere in that graph , secondly 2010/11 was one of the peaks of the greek crisis , the occupy movement was going strong , the financial crisis appeared to still be ravaging the eurozone and eu whilst the uk looked to be coming out of it somewhat . . 
  combined it probably shifted positions quite a bit ... lastly , i do n't think there are many ` committed europeans ' in the uk at the best of times , the eu has always been a bit of a peripheral and distant issue , at least in part because domestic politics ignored it as a thing almost entirely . 
  not really , the whole basis of the remain campaign seems to be that if you create enough worry about major changes after a leave vote , that people will vote remain . 
  asking a campaign that is n't a political party , is n't united across party lines and is n't going to be in government for clear policy positions on what happens after a vote is always going to result in not getting an answer . 
  that means you can point and say that x has no policy or solution to the problem and again , argue that remaining is safer . 
  you can throw in both the eu and uk government line that they are n't preparing for the uk to leave because they believe it should and will remain , it 's a laughable position , but it prevents people from having any clear picture of what leaving might look like and so allows people to claim its such an uncertain option that it 's actively dangerous to vote that way . 
   no then you are being at least as ignorant of the issues as those you see as ignorant . 
   not when you weight both sides of the argument there is no reasonable argument for leaving . 
  yes , there is . 
  even if you just take something as basic as making a decision on where you want competencies to be exercised . 
  it 's a perfectly valid position to want to see any one of the competencies exercised at the eu level shifted to the uk , at that point it is n't a matter of anything other than a difference in priority . 
   the sides are not equally . 
  this is why one campaign focuses solely on immigration and nothing else . 
  except of course one side has n't focused solely on immigration , it is a big issue , but it is far from the only one . 
  you will also note that it is n't an argument centred entirely on people being for or against immigration either , but one of where policy related to migration is handled . 
  and of course you are ignoring everything from issues around regulation , governance , diplomacy , trade , agriculture and a swathe of other areas . 
  i realise that when you hold a particular position it can be incredibly hard to see the other side 's arguments at all , but as with the remain campaign in the uk , it feels like a lot of people , in failing to understand the arguments against their position , have failed monumentally to properly counter them . 
  which is impressive given the leave camp has also managed to be somewhat incompetent , of not as complacent . . 
   it 's exactly that . 
  you 're talking shit . 
  do you honestly think that there is no informed and reasonable argument for leaving the eu ? 
  if so , you may want to take a look and see if you are ignorant of some of the issues and arguments being made . 
  and that 's pretty much why the government has n't been clear , when it really should be ... 
   they can do whatever they want once they get rid of european regulations , especially the ones originally proposed by the uk ( like the echr ) . 
  leaving the eu and stepping away from the echr and ecthr are different issues . 
  that is n't to say that we have n't seen some rather insane statements ( from people who support eu membership and are in government ... ) on the subject . 
  i understand that theresa may ( the current home secretary , who supports remain ) has said that britain should withdraw from the european convention on human rights regardless of the eu referendum result ... 
   until there 's an official statement by the uk government , everything can happen . 
  and to the surprise of no one , these statements do not exist . 
  yup , the uk government is going to maintain uncertainty ( as unfair as i think that is to eu migrants and others in the uk . . ) for as long as they can because it does influence voters . 
  that might backfire somewhat , but it should at least be over after the vote . 
  lets just hope we get some clarity from the government shortly after , after all it is entirely in their power to make and carry through a position that properly protects those people who have moved to the uk from the eu and elsewhere . 
  well , that and being the most read newspaper in the uk . 
  they have 1.7 m people willingly pay for their crap on a regular basis , that does have an impact . 
  the suggestion is that it has a significant impact in helping movement in one direction or another and , if that is the case here , the suggestion would be that it 'll push the leave vote over the line . 
  even if the kingmaker image were completely wrong , you have to take into account that they have been rather good at picking the winner . 
   all the sun does is back the bookies favourite sort of , although ` bookies favourite ' clearly does n't apply on the referendum . 
   they wait long enough to see what side is most likely to win and pick those . 
  indeed , although their support and the reach they have does seem to have an impact when they do pick a side . 
  this is n't inconsequential in the context of the eu referendum where most people are still broadly of the opinion it could go either way . 
   there is nothing optimistic about begging to be accepted back in after a potential brexit . 
  you 'll have your fun with pompous declarations and promises about trade deals for a year or so before the reality hits back . 
  lets assume that it all goes tits up after the uk leaves the eu ( it wo n't , but lets assume ) , the uk would n't look to return . 
  its simply not feasible , no uk political party is going to use the eu as an election issue if we leave , the eu will be an issue that is even more toxic than it is now . 
  the eu might be blamed under the circumstances above , the uk might under those very unlikely circumstances settle for less than entirely beneficial bilateral agreements but it wo n't rejoin . 
  when the uk leaves the eu , it will be for 20 years at the very least , and most likely it will be permanent . 
  there will be no attempt to get back in to the eu in a year , or 5 or 10 because it would be an admission of defeat that would kill whoever pushed it as an idea . . 
  a tabloid is a newspaper , the term newspaper does n't imply quality after all . . 
  just to put that into context , the sun is the paper with the largest circulation in the uk , and is seen as having a fairly uncanny ability to back the winning side in elections . 
  it 's a murdoch rag ( just in case you did n't know . . ) and i 'd argue it follows rather than leads ( and has backed both the tories and labour in the past ) but this is a pretty big thing in terms of the referendum . 
  there is a bit of an overview [ here from politico ] ( http://www.politico.eu/blogs/spence-on-media/2016/05/where-the-british-press-stands-on-brexit-2016-june-newspaper-best-bet/ ) on newspaper stances too . 
  so , together with the recent polling and apparent public opinion , even the betting odd movements , if anyone thought this was close to being over it is n't . 
  he 's also done quite a bit for the [ lib-dems ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gv4abt3szu ) and [ previous incarnations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkp7hdv01hk ) as well as on things like [ electoral reform ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qwdpauv_p4 ) so this would n't be a departure . 
   the uk does n't really manufacturer anything anymore . 
  the uk is the 11th largest manufacturing country in the world ... 
  so ` does n't really make anything ' is somewhat inaccurate . 
  i was using majority in the normal , rather than technical sense , more people in the 34-54 demographic want to leave than remain , but it 's not an outright majority until you shift to the 55 + bracket . 
  the split is essentially under 35 moderate lead for remain , over 35 moderate lead for leave , with more extremes at each end . 
  it would actually be interesting to see more finely banded data . 
  34-54 demographic is majority leave , only the under 35 's are majority remain . . 
   i thought the referendum would be only advisory . 
  this too is wrong . 
  somewhat daft that you 've been downvoted given how interesting that is as a position , and given it 's broadly accurate . 
  parliament can ignore the result after all , there is just no chance that they will . . 
  it 's more of a pain in the arse with the eu though , as someone reasonably engaged , i know my three councillors ( as in , i speak to them occasionally ) , i know my mp and again , have spoken to him on issues on occasion . 
  when it comes to my meps i 've tweeted at them a few times , and can probably remember the names of 3 of them . 
  when i have a local issue , i can talk to a councillor , with bigger issues our mp is accessible , my meps ... less so , and i sort of have to pick the one most likely to be interested , and they have less impact than either my councillors or mp . 
  for ` normal ' people , you are right , most people ca n't name the politicians that represent them , but there is still a bigger issue with meps ( probably largely because they represent huge , diverse regions and there are many of them . . less accountability all round really . 
  he is right . . 
  and by nearly dead , we mean anyone over 30 apparently . . 
   post brexit it will happen . 
   i work in a bank and there are plans being made to shift some stuff to the ez if we vote to leave !, 
  opening a branch office in ireland by any chance . . ( ireland might make out like a bandit depending on where third country status and passporting end up . . ) . 
  but lets face it , the eu wants access to uk financial services and has failed miserably and repeatedly shifting business to an eu centre , largely because of the way they try to do it . . that might change eventually , but it is n't going to happen any time soon . 
  there 's that amusing bit when quite a few banks looked at shifting in the event of brexit , most decided against it , some decided that they might , but the move would be to a non-eu country ... 
  and then get really confused when as a result they still do n't manage to build a decent financial centre inside the eu . . 
  can we just be clear on one thing :  should the british vote against brexit , perhaps by 55 % or 60 % rather than 50.1 % , then that would be a mandate . 
  then the british should stop doing the things that have irritated the rest of europe for years : special requests , self-pity and wretched haggling over every last detail . 
  if we vote to remain , it 's a vote to keep doing the things ` that have irritated the rest of europe for years ' , remaining comes with new exceptions ( weak as they are . . ) and a continuation of the old ones , it will mean more of the same policy of ensuring that where eu policy clashes with uk interests as a member , it will either prevent those moves , or opt out . 
  if we are looking at voter intention ( much as sch\u00e4uble has done in his comment on the single market ) then a remain vote is n't an enthusiastic endorsement of the european project , it is a ` remain despite ' and a push for reforms that are keyed on less integration not more ... a leave vote is a vote to go , a remain vote is at best a nod toward the current status-quo , no doubt some would try to use it exactly as the author suggests , to claim a mandate for the uk to become a more integrated , closer eu member , but that frankly , is n't happening either way . 
  no , i do n't think we are talking about political parties here , but then that is n't what we are discussing . 
  although i 'm sure you can find some kippers with less than sane views on muslims ( or homosexuals , black people etc. . ) without too much trouble , although probably not in their elected ranks any more ... 
  in terms of commentators on this sub however you should n't have to look too far through a relevant thread . 
  pro-eu in the sense that they would have the eu take action on it , or see it as an attack on europe , with the solution being an intollerant eu , rather than closed national borders . 
  essentially the ` free movement ' needs to be protected by a ` fortress europe ' approach . 
  that group will also advocate for things like an eu navy ( to sink refugee boats ) or an eu army to defend the borders . 
  essentially it 's not euroscepticism or euronationalism , or anything to do with the eu that 's the driver as such . 
  now that you mention it , it does sort of vaguely resembel the rebel helmet and x-wing paint jobs . . 
  although i think its a bird . . 
  as / u/dheeradjs points out below f-5 's are popular for aerobatic teams , i [ took a photo of the turkish stars , turkeys aerobatic team at the farnborough airshow doing cool things a while ago . . ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajehals/4951729786/ ) , they look pretty nifty too . 
  ( second try , this time without flickr 's sharing facility , which automoderator bans as a shortener ... ) . 
  so those of us with diesels who live in cities ... what do we do exactly ? 
   that is true , but also you have to be careful and not think / r/europe is a good representation of what the peoples of europe think . 
  oh i agree , it 's not representative at all , i think generally reddit will see comments from people who are more vocal and attract people who are engaged at some level in the subject . 
  although to be fair , it 's hard to represent disinterest . . you end up with a bubble almost regardless , the question really is what kind of bubble you are happy with and that you are aware that you are in one ( which applies to any self-selecting group . . ), 
   one example that comes to mind is / r/space , where i use to feel there was many interesting discussions . . 
  i have n't seen / r/space on my front page for a while , after that i 'm a little hesitant to go and look because , as you say , it was a really interesting place for discussion ( more reading than commenting on my part . . ) . 
  i noticed a while back that there was a bit of a partisan thing going on ( us/chinese/russian programmes ) which put a damper on the whole , ` united in exploration and science ' feel that the sub mostly has . 
  but yea , i could do without the negativity too , but i think it 's one of those things you just have to live with . 
  plus it keeps you aware that reality is n't nice and pleasant all the time .
