  i 'm sure you could get some negative reactions in some areas , but that 's pretty much true anywhere in the eu . 
  racism is prevalent in lots of eu states , there are countries where its better or worse , but the uk is n't close to being one of the worse areas . .  even driving a car with foreign number plates in the uk one gets harassed . 
  really , i 've done that ( german plates . . ) and never had an issue . . at the moment , lots of people seem to have ' i love the eu ' bumper stickers on their cars and no-one seems to have an issue . . 
  there may be parts of the country where eu membership is n't terribly popular , but the notion that harassment or attacks are common is simply false . . on the other hand , in both france and germany there seems to be about as much anger about migrants , whether they are internal eu migrants or not . . as i 've ever seen in the uk . 
  the uk has racists , it has issues ( especially at the moment ) around specific migrant groups , and that needs to be dealt with , but it 's not above what you see in other eu countries ( hell i got some abuse in belgium a few weeks ago , apparently for being english - seriously , no-one seems to expect brits to be able to understand foreign languages at all . 
  it would be hilarious right up until the candidates for a new union sat down and realised they could negotiate the terms of the new organisation from the ground up ... 
  the issue i 'd have is that the values enumerated by the eu are incredibly vague ( respect for human dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities ) and the interpretation of them by eu bodies is sometimes a little odd , which makes binding members to the commissions notion of the values is problematic . . 
   i think we need a eu wide common pension scheme , so people can move on to another country when the country they have work and leaved for decades start to loose the touch with its people , but once you have worked towards a pension in one country you are stuck and tied for the rest of your life , for example , the uk has increased the pension age to 69 , and even if one has had enough of stupid and unfair legislation , or even racism , one is stuck in the uk till they qualify for such pension . 
  erm . . you can claim your uk state pension anywhere in the world , not just in the eu , and your private pensions would be paid to you regardless of where you live . . 
  i 'd assume that 's broadly similar across other eu states too . 
  so i do n't know how your scenario would change that . 
  oh and lets face it , the uk has n't got more stupid or unfair legislation than any other eu state and it certainly does n't have more racism . . 
   might be so where you are , but the more to the east you go , and the more the authorities are successful in preparing a project , the larger the share that the eu pays will be . 
  indeed , and i assume that given there is broadly more funding and there have been issues with local delivery that the eu achieves more directly . 
  although it is still a proportionally small amount of spending . . 
  there is also an interesting issue with the perception of that kind of spending in the east , in places like germany and france , and that is the notion that since ` they ' are giving all this money to eastern eu member states that those eu states should somehow toe the line on policy and so on . . 
   it is n't responsible for the creation of them , but it is a good mechanism to maintain those protections more or less universal throughout the continent i do n't disagree , but the perception tends to be that the eu is responsible for them and that without the eu they would n't exist . 
   i do n't know about britain , but here the eu funded projects are usually at least 25 % by the union , but often the number is closer to 50 % or even 75 % . 
  the country ( svn ) has a more than half a billion positive investment from the eu , annually , so i ca n't complain . 
  it depends by project , but can be a very small indeed , # 10m in a project that costs # 1bn + ( light rail projects . . ) or the odd grant here and there that have a very small impact on one section of a project , but it sort of gets rolled in to the often larger and more relevant spending . 
  oh and eu funding can be some of the more expensive to access too . . that is n't to say the extra funding is n't a good thing , but we are talking about perception . 
   there seems to be a consensus , even among people involved in this , that the eu was indispensable in abolishing roaming charges . 
  indeed . . 
   what a nice scaremongering . 
  it 's the guardian , they are n't scaremongering , they are reporting on something that they , based on the article , clearly think is a positive thing . . 
  the classic one is worker protections , it 's generally assumed that the eu is responsible for worker protections , it is n't . . more visible things are the ` part funding ' aspects ( we 've seen a lot of that recently ) , the eu puts a small , often tiny , amount of money into a project and then presents it as though it were either a significant investment , or that the eu is somehow responsible for the project ( that 's emphasised by the large ` part-funded by the eu/erdf ' signs ) , that often means people are unaware that their national , regional or local government ( or indeed private sources ) are responsible for the bulk of spending on many projects . 
  we are also seeing it with things like the wifi4eu announcement or the proposed eu telecoms rules where relatively small actions by the eu , which require massive funding from national governments , are seen as eu achievements . . 
  even the roaming charges thing , which has been touted massively as purely an eu success ( and we saw the issue with the ` reasonable use ' style modifications the other day ... ) but was spearheaded by the itu . 
  this is true to a certain extent , but at the end of the day the way the eu is structured and the relationships between member states and the eu are at issue . . 
  the eu does get scapegoated for unpopular measures , but its only possible because that is convenient for eu member states , essentially as long as the eu can be used to pass unpopular measures it is the problem . 
  that said , the eu also gets the credit , unreasonably , for things it does n't quite do ( and try to claim responsibility for a whole slew of things like peace in europe . . ) . 
  a lot of the existing support for the eu is based on misunderstandings around what the eu does , almost as much as some of the opposition is . 
  and take this effort , it might have an impact , but it will also be used to show that it is out of touch and fails to represent the values of the people it is supposed to serve . 
  i thought :  it is only the latest example of the eu 's determination to bind member states to the commission and its values . 
  . . was quite interesting , you 'd assume that the eu and the commission would draw its values from the citizens of its member states , not try to bind its members to a set of values that it had determined , regardless of how they came to be in the first place . . 
  who is ` they ' in this context ? 
  you have a former belgian prime minister and former president of the european council , suggesting that the german elections will mean no serious negotiations can start until much later than the uk has suggested it will trigger negotiations . . 
  this is n't the uk postponing anything ... 
  i 'm in the uk and shopping for a largish family of six people so . . ymmv . . 1 . 
  we eat out once or twice a month , a little more in summer , a little less in winter . 
  we probably get a takeout once or twice a month too , usually a decent curry or chinese food . 
  we do a big shop once a month for fundamentals ( tinned stuff , pasta etc. . ) . 
  once a week we do a smaller shop for fresh meat , veg and so on . 
  then every few days we 'll grab things like milk and sometimes fruit or veg if we 've run out from the weekly shop . . 
  in the case of the monthly and weekly , its pretty well budgeted ( comes to about the same amount each month ) and we recently started having it delivered . 
  they are , but at least in the uk they tend to be pretty expensive for a decent meal and even then not as nice as preparing something . 
  we buy things like frozen peas and breaded fish , but generally not frozen meals . 
  it 's vastly cheaper to eat prepared food . 
  our weekly spend on fresh food and milk is probably something around # 50 most of the time , if we were eating out it 'd be around that for one meal for all of us , including drinks , and that 's if it were at a cheap place . . 
  even a takeaway will run to around # 30 for all of us , fish and chips would be closer to # 25 ( depending on who eats what , my kids will eat a pie or a sausage , but not a fish so ... ) 5 . 
  takeaways were noticeably cheaper and you get more food , i assume it depends on where you are and what you are ordering but i was pretty impressed by the quality of things like chinese food . 
  that said , a lot of stuff , even in restaurants was either far greasier and less fresh , or just a lot sweeter than i 'd prefer . 
  on home prepared food , there is similar issue , everything seems a bit sweeter , and things like veg tended to be watery and not as flavoursome . 
  that said , it was very cheap , certainly cheaper than the uk and quite a bit cheaper than germany too . 
  fruit on the other hand was excellent , although a tad more expensive relative to everything else . 
  meat was cheap though ... oh and i do n't remember buying any frozen food . 
  it was also pretty hard to get decent milk and cheese that was n't horrendously expensive too , although i think the norm for us milk is closer to what you 'd expect in germany/france etc. . where uht seems more common . . 
  sort of , the uk forces in germany were n't there with consent initially though , and have been massively drawn down as the cold war , and threat from russia has subsided . 
  the german forces in estonia are also there because of a perceived threat and in the context of nato , they all had specific roles . 
  an eu army would be somewhat different , it would be a foreign force , whilst not being a foreign force . 
  it would have a defensive role , and one that germany would have a say in , but one that would presumably be defined by lots of states . 
  plus , whilst germany and some other countries might be happy with it , other members , like say ireland or france , might have more of an issue with say an infantry division being stationed on their territory . . 
   although i really dislike that option , in the absence of a more unified/federalized europe , a solution would be to allow the army to be deployed only with the approval of the eu parliament . 
  and/or there could also be a set of situation/circumstance that would allow for the instant mobilisation/deployment of the troops ( quick-answer scenario to an aggression ) . 
  that 's sort of how most countries do it , authority to deploy is usually held by the executive but needs to be approved by a parliament . 
  but it 'd be more limiting in the eu context ( especially as the eu operates at the moment ) as it would presumably make the eu army purely defensive and likely not deployable without national consent even defensively within the eu . 
  quite a lot of people would probably like that approach , but it 'd leave the eu army far more constrained than national forces are or even nato deployments . 
   countries ca n't pull back their troops from the eu corps ( or only under strict circumstances ) . 
  which would mean loss of sovereign control over their armed forces , again , i ca n't see national parliaments essentially allowing the eu to effectively declare war on their behalf , without the option of opting out ...  that would n't please a lot of countries , but that could work , no ? 
  at least for a moment . 
  could do , but i think you 'd end up with an ineffective military operating under constraints that make it almost impossible to use . 
  an ` eu army ' that is basically an alliance would work , an eu army with it 's own equipment , soldiers , eu control , ( and this is sort of the whole point . . ) the ability to act to support eu foreign policy and domestic defence , requires massive changes to the eu first . 
  then you 'd be basing ` eu ' forces in member states , loyal to something other than the country they are based in . . 
  i 'm willing to bet that causes its own problems without other integration first , although more in some countries than in others . . 
   many countries military follow the guidelines of the us with no bother . 
  almost none do . . 
  the us has some allies that contribute to some operations , but generally not all and to different degrees and generally in the context and framework of alliances . 
  the point here would be that for an eu army to function at all it would have to be very clear what it is , who it is responsible to and what it can and ca n't do . 
  i imagine that defining that will be hard , and that the eu will end up fluffing it , or throwing in protections that make it unwieldy . 
  for example , an eu army where elements of it do n't take part in an operation on the back of national concerns would be worse than no ` army ' and ad-hoc cooperation . 
  if the use of the army can be blocked by any one member it becomes subject to lots of domestic political issues , if it ca n't be , then you are suddenly deploying polish , german or spanish troops against the will of their populations or governments . 
   that 's kind of true , but the history and context are still different . 
  they are , but then that 's true between any countries . 
  and yes , there has been a long term political and socially euro-sceptic movement , but that is also true in the netherlands and france , albeit in different ways and for different reasons . 
  i 'd actually argue that germany is the oddest in that regard , it lacks that , even though there is fairly significant individual euro-scepticism , it does n't translate into political opposition . .  i doubt that there are a lot of members of any party other than the pvv that want to leave . 
  and even if that were the entirety of the issue , you are still talking about 20 % of voters voting for something that is n't well reflected anywhere else in politics . . that 's an issue all on its own , but doubly so when its something quite so key in relation to the dutch constitutional settlement . 
  my point is n't that the netherlands are going to up and leave , but rather that the conditions exist to make that possible , ignoring that wo n't mean it does n't happen , potentially the reverse is more likely . 
   eu is already the biggest single market on value . 
  it wo n't be once the uk has left , and it is n't if you include regional blocs . 
   i think it 's indisputable that eu is the biggest producer of goods . 
  by value , at the moment perhaps , again i 'm not sure how that stacks once the uk leaves , but china 's internal market is going to be massive and obviously we were talking about room for growth too . 
   and 2 out of 3 global organizations have eu as the highest total gdp . 
  again , not without the uk in it . 
   i hope things go well for uk , and i do n't foresee disaster , but i think things will become slightly worse instead of better . 
  but i also think there was a lot of overreaction early on . 
  not that different a view from mine then ( i think things will get slightly better ... ) . 
   being a strong economic power does n't mean that you will or can project actual power . 
  russia has an economy comparable to italy , are they not projecting a lot of power at the moment ? 
  i know , look at the eu , the structures are n't there and the eu fails to project power or exert its influence effectively . 
  the uk on the other hand has been very good at punching well above its weight . .  to equate economic strength with political or military strength is a pretty big blunder that people have made throughout history .
