  but yeah , its amazing that religion seems to play far more of a role in the us were there is strict separation of church and state than in the uk where there is arguably very little separation . . and that 's before you get into the impact of religion on politics generally . 
   southern americans are n't an ethnicity with their own language or anything . 
  its not comparable to catalonia . 
  to be fair , there really should n't be any requirement for there to be ethnic or linguistic differences to ` justify ' an independence movement . 
  if a group of people want to secede there should be a path open to them to make the case for it and achieve it that does n't involve violence . 
  when there is always going t be a problem and potential for disaster . . 
   how are the others divided ? 
  and how likely is it that ukip or the lib dems beat labour ? 
  essentially nil . 
  if you look at the article , it 's 42 % tory , 25 % labour , 11 % lib dem and 12 % ukip , with the remainder spread across other and independents . 
  how that breaks down into seats is a little complicated ( having support concentrated will get you seats , having far more support , but more evenly spread , may get you none . . ) . 
  if you take the 2015 general election as a guide , the snp picked up 56 seats with 4.7 % of the national vote ( but only stood in scotland ) whilst the lib dems got 8 seats , with 7.9 % of the vote , but with their support not concentrated . 
  ukip , with 12.7 % of the vote got one seat . . 
  but even if we ignore the impact of fptp on seats , its somewhat unlikely that labour will end up with less votes than either ukip or the lib dems . 
   a lot of these already existed before the uk joined . 
  actually no ... that 's simply inaccurate . 
  the uk joined in 1973 , most of the deeper integration , from political cooperation , home affairs/policing , common security and foreign policy etc. . came in much later . 
  that is why the uk has opt outs ...  in addition , things like terror coordination etc. 
  are explicitly asked by the uk , to a certain extent that 's true , but broadly the uk contributes vastly more and would lose significantly less by dialling back security cooperation ( i doubt that the uk would entirely withdraw ... but the eu is already a second tier intelligence partner when it comes to the uk . . ) . 
   or are also implied in nato , so getting out changes nothing on that count . 
  the eu has been trying to present itself as a militarily capable bloc , to support its foreign policy goals . 
  none of that is a component of nato and whilst there are often nato missions along side the eu missions ( or they are joint missions ... ) that is n't true for all of them . 
  not to mention that the removal of uk capabilities would degrade what the eu is able to do without calling on nato . . something the eu seems keen to change , if not spend money on . 
   sure , but they seem to be willing to compromise more . 
  to be fair , the uk has compromised on many of issues ( its broadly why the uk has the opt outs it has ... ) and indeed has gone along with and helped with the problems arising out of elements it does not like ( see the support the uk provided during the financial crisis . . ) . 
   the main problem is that the political entities that would lose power are the ones that need to approve it . 
  it 's more political institution 1 vs. political institution 2 rather than nation states vs. eu . 
  indeed , and until the eu and members sort out what the eu/member state relationship is supposed to be we will continue to see somewhat tentative steps and lots of concerns about ceding power . 
  in all seriousness , the game for the eu now should be about building consensus and an eu identity etc. . and then scoping out what the project is supposed to do next and where it will be in 50 years time . 
  if it can bring people on board , it 'll be a lot more stable , and if it ca n't , well that 's an opportunity to make course corrections . 
   a trade area causes economical convergence , and therefore inevitably political convergence , or at least the need for political instruments to manage issues that arise in that trade area . 
   unless it remains a very shallow trade area , of course , but that does n't seem to fit the `` trade area only '' idea either . 
  actually it does , a very large amount of the eu project ( especially the stuff on the horizon ) is not really relevant to something that is just a free trade area . 
  you do n't need to unify approaches to policing or home affairs , you do n't need a currency union or even the removal of internal borders , there is no need for mutual defence or counter-terrorism coordination , you do n't need a parliament or the elected aspects etc. . now it is somewhat obvious that the eu was always going to be a bit more than a trade area , but the question is how much . 
  it seems quite clear that for quite a few people the aim is something approaching a federal state , for others it is stopping just short of that , for the uk though even a currency union is a step too far , so you can sort of see where the differences start . 
   true , there always a bit of a `` be glad we indulge your little pet project ... for now '' attitude . 
  it probably goes all the way back to winning ww2 . 
  i think that 's partially right , although not entirely ( it goes beyond that . . ) , i 'll indulge myself and quote a comment of mine from a different thread about those different perceptions :  if i lived in a country that in living memory times did n't live under the rule of law , did n't have the kind of rights we enjoy and were n't in a democracy , i might have a very different notion of what the eu is and has done . 
   i 'd argue that that is one of the major issues that gets lost in translation between the uk and other eu countries . 
  we see it as an economic bloc with a political project attached ( a political project that does n't really fit with what we want ) , they see it as a political project that is necessary for a stable europe and freedom ( and all the other jazz . . ) with an economic benefit to boot . 
  brime bretting brover brit . 
   the problem is that `` something the uk is more comfortable with '' varies wildly . 
  it sort of does and it sort of does n't . 
  if you take the view that the eu should be a trade area rather than a political project , much of the uk government appear entirely consistent ( even across governments ) . 
   not so long ago the uk was pushing for rapid expansion , and only shortly thereafter changed to complaining about eastern europeans . 
  again , for a trade area , expansion is good ( hell , i 'd argue that it makes sense in the context of free movement too , it 's a positive ) but in the context of a deeper political project i can see issues . 
  and then there is the immigration issue as an almost separate issue that has become tied into the eu as a thing . .  as long as the uk approaches its european engagements as a form of day trading , to be changed at a whim to exploit perceived opportunities , it 's not possible to achieve a solid working relationship . 
  indeed , although i 'd argue that the uk has been very narrowly focused on the economic and trade benefits of eu membership ( which arguably shone through in the government remain campaign ) and has always had a bit of a weird relationship with the rest of the project . 
   i think its safe to say that we dont really want your intelligence services , thanks . 
  i do n't think it 's safe to say that at all given what has come out of various eu states . . 
  i think you may be conflating your position with that of the various governments out there who would have to spend quite a lot of money filling some gaps . . 
   smaller states often are in favor of tighter integration , fully knowing they would have their arms twisted every day by larger states without the eu . 
  the eu gives them decision power , it does n't take it away . 
  and sometimes they are n't ... 
  the point is that the uk is n't the only country with an issue with integration , different members have concerns over different aspects and will likely continue to pursue their interests within the union ...  it would be a good way to give the eu its own revenue source , replacing the straight contributions , however . 
  that 'd be quite interesting , although again it 'd be one of those areas that most members would probably be unhappy to cede ground . 
   defense is the only subject where i think france , germany and whoever want , could do whatever they want without veto . 
  we just need to protect ourself and we ca n't let a country , like luxembourg , 500 000 people , decide of the security of 500 millions . 
  you clearly have n't read the treaties that make up the eu or paid attention to the position of various members . 
  of course germany can act unilaterally , it ca n't however move the eu on those issues without unanimous consent . 
  and again , the eu is constrained by what it 's members have agreed is an eu competency , anything that increases those competencies will face opposition from some areas , the uk may have been visible and vocal in some of those areas ( although other countries have too , and in areas where the uk was happier with cooperation and integration . . ) . 
  that wo n't go away . 
   about the corporation , i was obviously talking about the big corporations , the ones that are avoiding taxes . 
  gafa and the like . 
  the smaller ones are not a problem since they pay their taxes where they are . 
  and again , i 'm sympathetic , but the reason some large companies get away with shifting tax around is because they are complex and do operate in different countries . 
  its not a simple matter in trying to reform and rework how tax works and its even harder to do that in a way that actually works best for the countries involved . 
  at the end of the day , as long as tax remains a national competency ( and frankly that wo n't change . . ) there will be competition between states within the eu to get the most benefit . 
  the uk , outside of the eu is obviously going to try and do whatever works best for its economy , and hopefully whats best in terms of getting in the taxes needed to properly provide services . 
   bottom line is this : we need to play as a team and that will require everybody 's work . 
  we probably need a new treaty as well . 
  there i 'd agree . 
  cooperation is key , that means moving in a direction where there is broad support and not against the interests of individual members . 
  the eu will need to look at where it actually wants to go and hopefully move forward with the consent of its citizens . 
  it 'll probably be the last bit that 's the hardest though . 
   so far that ` reasonable way to continue to operate ' seems to be ` move staff to europe ' . 
  this aleviates the problem for the eu , but does nothing for the uk . 
  to a certain extent yes , and if that works then surely that 's great . . 
  if a uk bank can continue to operate and provide services by setting up a small branch office for compliance purposes in an eu state then that 's fine is n't it ? 
  its not as though any significant portion of the uks financial services sector is going anywhere . 
   i think you are taking that matter on the wrong end . 
  24 country want those taxes leeching to end , 3 are doing them . 
  it 's not about france and or germany . 
  it 's not just about france and germany , but it 's also not about ` leeching ' either . 
  the disagreements about the direction and level of eu involvement go from areas of taxation , to regulation and indeed defence . 
  that last one is especially pertinent because for something like an eu army ( or at least one worth the title ) would require unanimous consent , not just the dropping of opposition by the uk . 
   in a way , the uk want to become some kind of evil state , big brother on one hand , able to spie all its citizen whenever and however they want and become completly crooked by corporations on another , allowing them to do everything they want , for a small fee . 
  the problem you have is that ` corporations ' covers large firms and small ones . 
  the latter employ the vast majority of people , the former tend to pay a lot of taxes either directly or via employment . 
  they are n't some sort of evil , and the uk is no more beholden to it 's corporate interests than any other large eu state ( and less than some of the smaller ones for that matter . . ) . 
  when it comes to taxation , the point is to get enough money to pay for the services and infrastructure , and to incentivise industry and employment . 
  the way some people talk about it it almost sounds like they think taxing companies is somehow a punishment and that we should ramp it up . 
  your point about lobbying is well made though , the eu is a central target for lobbyists , and brussels needs to be aware of that and be proactive ( as does everyone for that matter ... ) . 
  as it is though , the uk is n't going to become an evil state , it may swing back and forth a bit between poles , but for a long time it has been on a progressive and generally positive trajectory . 
  i doubt that 'll change , although i 'm also sure there will be the odd setback . . 
  what give are you after ? 
  the uk is n't leaving nato , so will continue to contribute to the defence of europe , is that a give ( i thought it was a mutual thing . . ) ? 
  the uk is leaving the eu , that presumably means we are both going to be looking for give and take from a position of both sides losing the benefits of the other without some . . 
   without the uk , ireland , the netherlands or the luxembourg wo n't be able to hold their position for too long . 
  it depends on what the issue is ( not everything is subject to qmv ) and obviously with the uk leaving the eu there will have to be a fight about relative weights .
