  it 's possible , but extremely unlikely given you 'd then create issues not only with unionists in northern ireland , but pretty much every nationalist and unionist in the other parts of the uk too . 
  iirc even the advice currently on carrying some id causes some people to get upset . 
   if the uk want to undermine the peace process then they 'll answer for it obviously . 
  anyone who does so will , and frankly should answer for it . 
  right now though , neither the irish government , the uk government or the eu seem keen on causing any issues , imposing a border or otherwise messing with the cta or rights that irish and uk citizens have in either country . 
  so the issue is non-existent until someone acts either in bad faith , or takes the piss by trying to use the issue for leverage . 
  come on lad , lets not create new conspiracy theories for people to latch on to . . 
  especially not whilst there is an argentinian pope in the vatican , it 'll get out of hand . 
  just because the eu says something , does n't mean the eu will get that in the negotiations though . 
  the reason the uk is saying things that are contradictory to the eu position , is because the uk position is contradictory to the eu position . 
  oh and if there is n't compromise , then neither the uk , nor the eu position is going to end up reflecting reality , because the uk will end up leaving without a deal . 
  the uk leaving the eu is n't an existential threat to the eu though , so whilst you are absolutely right that the continued existence of the eu is a benefit , it is n't at issue . 
  i think everyone has already been reasonably clear , the uk and ireland included , that no-one wants to put up border posts , and you are absolutely right , anyone who decides that they need to put them in will spend most of their time looking over their shoulder , so it seems somewhat unlikely on that point alone . 
  for anyone looking for a united ireland , the deal between the uk and the eu is going to be pretty important . 
  there is n't any need for a roll back of the progress made over the last few decades in ireland , the only way that happens is if someone tries to use ireland , or the north as leverage , which i think neither the uk nor irish governments would do , but i guess we 'll see . 
   the way i see it , the options are to either figure this out , or to become irrelevant in the world . 
  somewhat . 
  but i agree with the premise , however in the run up to the uk 's referendum i 've come to the conclusion that i do n't think the eu will figure that out . 
  it 's not getting any better at the moment and frankly , once the uk leaves i can see things becoming more problematic not less , especially if weight is seen to shift more toward germany and france . 
   you 're right about that , but just technically . 
  you 've also got fn and pvv euroskepticism . 
  but what the dutch elections demonstrated is not just that these kinds of views are generally minority views which depend on foreign support to make any traction significant whatsoever , but that an even minimal counteracting of of foreign material support , such as that recommended by the aivd was sufficient to restore the organically-occurring political minority status of dutch euroskepticism . 
  i do n't mean simply euroscepticism from the likes of the fn or pvv , i mean disagreements between member state governments about the role , priorities and scope of the eu . 
  you have countries that are n't on board in terms of defence , other countries that have issues around migrant policy , other countries that are poorly served by the management of the euro and so disagree about the direction and scope of reforms , and a whole slew of other minor and major issues . 
  now in the past , say 3 years ago , i 'd have said fine , that 'll get worked out over time and you 'll end up with a consensus that works . 
  now i 'm not sure that is possible at all , not just because of the differences in opinion , but because there is a disconnect between popular positions , government positions , the eu position and what is actually needed to fix some of the issues the eu faces . 
  it 's not insurmountable by any means , but i do n't see there being a lot of appetite to try and tackle it from those who can . 
  in essence it seems a lot of people are wary of pushing anything , in case it breaks something . 
  at the same time , others are building new stuff , but not on solid foundations , which means that after a certain point , people get wary of pushing to fix the foundations , because it might break something ...  the first thing that europe needs to do to get its house in order is to fix its economic institutions in such a way as that european stability can actually be had . 
  and to a certain extend , it 'll mean telling the germans to stfu on the economic front , if we want to see europe-wide progress on things like monetary policy and institutional crisis response mechanisms . 
   imo , everything will need to start on the economic front . 
  you probably are n't wrong , although i 'm not sure that you have to start with the institutions around the euro ( and frankly , without the eu you are going to get massive pushback from non-eurozone countries if further attempts are made to use eu institutions and mechanisms to support the euro . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that the first thing the eu has to do is come up with a vision for itself ( one , not several options . . ) that member states buy into . 
  that way the reform has an intended aim , rather than the current situation where you have several different states looking at several different aims . 
  maybe agreement on a multi-speed eu has to happen first , but even that seems quite a long way from being likely given the objections raised last month . 
   this is not a power grab . 
  this is sensible risk management . 
  it 's not sensible risk management , it introduces a much larger risk than the one you are suggesting might come from the uk ( which is generally seen very much as the opposite of a risk , which is a factor in why it has the position it does in finance ) . 
  if you try to force euro clearing to happen in the eu ( unlike every other reserve currency on the planet , including the dollar and the pound for that matter . . ) you make it less attractive , if you do so on the back of essentially a protectionist , political argument , it becomes even less so . 
  would you want to trade using the euro if the eu can arbitrarily fuck around with you ? 
  probably not . 
  not to mention you 'd end up with massive secondary markets springing up anyway , so it 'd do little to solve whatever problem the eu is trying to solve and do everything to reduce confidence in the euro as a reserve currency . 
  you are right that it is n't a power grab though , the ecb and eu can legislate and regulate however they want , that is within their control , it 'd be unwise , potentially harmful and somewhat pointless , but it 's not really a power grab . 
   the has the resources to do so ( both economic/industrial and manpower/expertise ) . 
  it 's just a question of organizing and coordinating it more than anything else . 
  it goes a bit beyond that , it 's about whether member states are willing to cede control in various areas to the eu . 
  that 's actually quite hard , especially when you get into areas of competing interests and national positions . 
  tbf , british ( and specifically torry ) skepticism has been a major roadblock to the deepening of europe . 
  europe 's liberals have been claiming for some time now that w/o that kind of obstructionism , we 'd have a more organized europe by now . 
   so we 'll see how far this gets . 
  the problem there is that it is n't uniquely british scepticism ( and frankly , the issue is broader than tory scepticism . . ) , it 's arguably the difference between seeing trade as a priority and seeing the political project as a priority . 
  that 's where the clash between deeper integration and expansion occurs too . 
  the uk is far from unique in being more pro expansion than integration . 
  of course there is an opportunity for change now , as the uk leaves the political settlement is going to change , but i honestly do n't think that in quite a few areas , there is enough consensus for real moves forward and a real risk of steps being taken that are n't build on a solid foundation , leading to a crisis further down the road again , it seems to be a bit of a pattern , especially where the eu is pushing things for which there is n't broad public support . 
   in that case , my feeling is that guy verhofstat 's suggestion that the eu should actually finally develop some serious operational capacity on the world stage might get taken more seriously . 
  it might , but most of the proposals seem to be presented as ways that member states can reduce costs by working through the eu rather than creating new capabilities or capacity . 
  it seems less about doing more , and more about having the eu do , or at least appear to do it . 
   and if we took capacity-building when it comes to intra-eu economic affairs , or international/military affairs more seriously , the attractiveness of membership would look very different . 
  that 's very true , the real question is whether the eu can deliver . 
  i ended up voting leave because i do n't think the eu is capable of the reform needed to support what you are suggesting ( and in other areas ) . 
  essentially i think you 'll end up with a cludge that does n't work very well , quite possibly one that creates more problems that it solves and that is quite dangerous if you are talking about defence and foreign affairs . 
  i do n't think it has . . sure , some people seem intent on equating any act of violence with terrorism , but it does n't seem like a very accepted definition . 
  it does , but the eu also runs a lot of it 's own little projects in that areas , often in parallel with nato and other organisations , so the uk ceasing to be involved on that side will make it harder for the eu to act , although that 'll likely just mean more contributions from france and other eu members . 
  probably not in most cases , usually has a political or ideological dimension , most of the school shootings you see tend not to have . 
   what you can not do is to play the enforceability card right . . 
  but we do n't have a full conversation , or any context , just an extract . 
  i doubt very much that davis went in with ` well you ca n't make us pay ! ', 
  and that we are only getting a very small aspect , of one view of a conversation . 
  that was my point . 
   well , this was the economist - not really a bastion of the radical left . 
  nor is the times . . 
  i 'm not saying that this is some leftist conspiracy , i 'm saying that the media across the board are n't exactly trying to present a nuanced picture . 
   and - while this may well be a `` strategic '' leak - i do not think even for a second that its contents are false , as it would just be too easy to disprove everything . 
  i doubt it 's false , but i 'm also willing to bet its not complete in any sense and that it fails to accurately portray the discussions that were had . 
  the exchange was n't leaked by the uk government to be fair , and there are valid questions about the enforceability of ` debt ' that is n't agreed . 
  it does n't take much context to turn the exchange from being a junker ` burn ' of an incompetent , to something very different . 
  i do n't think it betrays utter incompetence , bordering on stupidity , i think it 's a slanted presentation of a serious issue to which there are no terribly easy answers . 
  my point again though is that davis is n't an idiot , junker presumably is n't either , both have differing positions , and both the uk government and various parts of the eu seem intent on pointing out that the other side has no idea what they are doing . 
  some of the more amusing presentations of that ( via the guardian , independent , and times in the uk in the very least ) are so one sided it 's almost laughable . 
  the eu side takes their negotiating positions as absolute fact and any notion that the uk might have different positions as idiotic and some on the uk side seem keen to take eu negotiating positions as ` threats ' . . 
  in either case , they are negotiating positions , not facts , or threats , they will move . . 
   he wanted to have an eu willing to give the uk conditions that all other members did not have , on account of the uk sense of superiority . 
  not so much on account of a uk sense of superiority , but on the basis that it would be better for the uk ( oh , and the concessions he was after were n't all uk specific . . ) . 
  that 's sort of the job of the government . . 
   davis seems to be a monumental idiot , totally out of his depth . 
  the problem is that he is n't . 
  i 've spoken to him a few time ( albeit on civil rights issues and extradition , not the eu ) and he certainly is n't an idiot . 
  that was before he was a minister , and as a minister he obviously has access to rather a lot of information and decent briefings . 
  i seriously doubt that he is under briefed , or that the uk civil service is providing weirdly skewed information either . 
  i 'd be really careful about assuming anyone , on the ` other side ' to your position ( or mine . . ) is an idiot , if they are doing something that looks like it might be harmful , my first question would be whether that position is subject to movement , likely to be used as leverage somewhere else , or whether from their perspective , it does n't look as damaging as the alternatives . . 
  cameron did n't want a brexit either , he essentially wanted to have an eu that the uk would have fewer issues with , and felt that without that eurosceptisism would rise in the uk . . 
  this is a pretty important point . 
  almost everyone thinks the eu needs reform , but that reform comes in a million different forms some diametrically opposed to others . 
  we saw that in the eu referendum in the uk , both on the remain and the leave side , it 's not exactly surprising that it 's a reasonably common refrain . . 
   not at the outer border , which is the point . 
  yes at the outer border , and of the customs union , not the eu border at that , you can have goods enter the customs union via turkey and not be inspected at all ( entry based on the paperwork submitted and agreed , tariffs paid etc. . before they hit the border ) . 
   and if it does n't want to it would have to make sure it does n't happen , haha . 
  and its fellow eu member states would have to insist . 
  on that basis any eu country could allow whatever goods it wanted into the eu via their ports given there are no internal borders . .  all those things and checks , unless northern ireland is planning to accept eu regulations . 
  it 's not and the uk wo n't be putting up a border , and nor will ireland , and the eu wo n't demand it . . again , this has been pretty well covered , there are lots of ways around it , the eu seems keen on that ( from its own negotiating documents ) so does everyone else .
