  i also do n't think the uk is going to be in a position where it is desperate , yes a mutually beneficial trade deal would be the best outcome , but the uk is n't going to be desperate enough to concede a lot of money without any guarantee on an outcome , that 'd be politically problematic and frankly a bit silly . 
   if they refuse to pay , the ue will sue them to get their money back and they are assured to have no deal whatsoever . 
  if the eu and uk disagree on what commitments they have to each other , they will have to negotiate , there is n't really a mechanisms available for the eu to sue and enforce a judgement , and if it went that far , the chances of the uk and eu coming to a cordial agreement become very slim , which is bad for both sides and the eu and uk get nothing . . 
  i 'd also doubt that the eu would want to sanction the eu , even if it could , the blow back on the eu would be pretty massive given the interdependencies , although i suppose that 'd be up to the eu ( although unilateral sanctions without basis . . does n't seem likely ) . .  in the end , it 's back to square one , we 're not negociating on equal terms , they tried to convince themself and others but their bluffs never worked their borders . 
  we are negotiating on equal terms , the uk is n't going to take a deal that harms it , what would be the point ? 
  the eu is n't either ...  they want to burn bridge with 50 % of their business ? 
  fine , do it . 
  we 'll still be here in 10 years when they 'll come back crawling for a deal . 
  50 % of their business ? 
  you mean 40 % of the uks exports ? 
  no-deal would have an impact on that , but it wo n't kill it altogether , and as i said , sanctions are unlikely to the point of being somewhat absurd as an idea . 
  so we 'd be talking about a reduction in trade at worst , and from both sides . 
  i also seriously doubt the uk will be looking at joining the eu again any time soon , it simply would n't make a lot of sense . 
  i 'd argue that it 's essentially a push to keep the uk on the back foot , it creates uncertainty ( or the opportunity to create more of it . . ) and means that the argument that the uk can still remain rumbles on whilst negotiations are ongoing . 
  it 's not so much contempt for democracy as it is presenting an outcome that however unlikely , keeps the argument going . 
  this quote :  `` we do not want to close the door to common sense , '' philippe lamberts , belgian co-leader of the greens in the parliament , told reporters . 
  a member of the brexit team in the legislature , which will have to approve an exit treaty , lamberts added : `` there will be a reference to the revocability of article 50 . '', 
  is quite interesting , it poses a bit of a problem though , one of the issues right now is around the perceived amount of uncertainty , if that uncertainty can be prolonged , it 'll benefit the eu to a certain extent , the uk would be best off making it very clear that a reversal is not going to happen . . you ca n't spend 2 years with the ` will they wo n't they ' carrying on . . 
   the cherry on the cake would be to lure them to pay up , for 10 years , before someone refuse said deal . 
  the problem is that the uk knows that as much as anyone else , they are n't going to hand over a vast amount of money for something that the eu ca n't guarantee . . 
  i drove through paris once , pretty sure neither pedestrians nor drivers cared about pedestrians , or indeed other drivers . 
  cheers , in which case [ removed ] it 's a dupe . 
  germany just happens to be particularly good at it , there is quite a lot of industrial research coupled with public research and state level stuff too . 
  the uk is n't great across the board but has been doing better recently at getting stuff to industry , and is pretty good at research generally . 
  the us actually seems to be really quite good at identifying , funding and then bringing the fruits of research to production . 
  in the uk it 'd be the research councils , germany has a set of 30 + federal research institutes and the eu runs things like the eu research council and a slew of other organisations . 
  the us is pretty much bottom of the oecd rankings iirc , take a look [ here ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/# ) at graduation rates and entry rates, 
  lots of university ranking lists . . 
  the one that is generally referred to in the uk is [ this one ] ( https://www.timeshighereducation.com/world-university-rankings/2017/world-ranking#!/page/0/length/25/sort_by/rank/sort_order/asc/cols/stats ) but there are quite a few , although ymmv depending on criteria . 
  depends on the list but oxford , cambridge and icl tend to do well , with oxford often topping the list , harvard is always in the top 10 , but i think i 've seen caltech higher most of the time . . and there 's that swiss one that usually makes the top 10 too ( not that switzerland is in the eu , but it is in europe . . ), 
  i 'd assume that your universities will work through and with csiro too though , its not like the uk , germany , eu etc. . do n't have national , regional & defence research organisations too , in fact that tends to be where quite a bit of the public research funding comes from . 
  you can probably argue that people have better access to higher education within the eu ( and elsewhere in the oecd ) which is borne out by the statistics on attainment , and there are issues with costs , but the argument that the us has more of the top universities ( by the measures that people usually define them . . ) is accurate enough . 
  it 's arguable , the best university is in europe , 4 of the top 10 are in europe , 3 of those in the eu ( although once the uk leaves the top eu university will be at around number 28 . . ) but the rankings are a little arbitrary . 
  still european mate , just heading out of the eu , and lets face it , we 've been on the edge of a lot of that for a long time . 
  the eu will change , the uk will change , but it 's far from the end of the world , or even the end of cooperation and a close relationship . 
  it 's not that likely that scotland will become independent , and even if it were independent , it 's debatable whether an independent scotland would join the eu . 
  wales obviously is far less likely to leave the uk and had a majority of leave voters in the eu referendum . 
  even if your scenario played out , the uk will have left the eu before scotland gains independence , and it would take quite a long time for the uk to both decide to rejoin and go through that process . .  from my pov eu is better with you . 
  from my perspective the uk is better off outside of the eu , although i can see advantages of the uk being in the eu for both sides , just not enough to make it a particularly attractive option from the uk side . 
   hope scotland and wales will make the referendum and in consequence the whole uk will be back to eu . 
  could you explain what you mean by this ... ? 
  i ca n't quite see how the uk rejoins the eu any time soon and why it 'd be reliant on wales or scotland . . 
  if it helps i could rant about something ... as an aside though , is it just me or is stuff not appearing in the new queue , or on the front page in the same way it used to . . 
  i came across this in the indy and it was already a few minutes old and it was surprising not to see anything in the / new , or anywhere else , i wonder if either something has gotten faster at removing removed posts , or if the way / new is listed has changed in some other way . . 
  in any case , g ` night . 
  fair enough , the initial reporting still suggested that it was unclear , although the article now seems to indicate it `` may have been a settling of accounts . '' . 
  i was going to say that 's good news , but . . well , it obviously is just slightly less bad news , especially given that means it 's not still developing . 
  cheers !, 
   if politicians were honest to the public about what the eu is it might have not gotten to this point . 
  that 's somewhat true , there has always been some support and some opposition to the eu in the uk though , with quite a lot of apathy in between . 
  it 's not that politicians have been particularly dishonest ( well , not in the centre of politics anyway ) but rather that they have been selective . 
  you could sell the single market in the uk , you ca n't really sell political union . 
   it was too late to change minds during the referendum campaign but 40 years is more than plenty of time to do that . 
  possibly , but i do n't think that a lot of uk politicians were on board with the idea of ever closer union within the eu in any case , and i think they believed ( as cameron clearly did ) that they could neuter it . 
   the problem ca n't be blamed on the british people being different to other europeans when the climate around them has n't made any effort to inform them . 
  having a different view or aspiration for the eu is n't actually a problem as such , its a difference . 
  and there are some fundamental differences in different countries based on history and culture , there are very few people in the uk who would see the eu as a guarantor of peace in europe for example , or that the eu is required to prevent inter-european conflict . 
  that is more the case in germany and elsewhere . . 
  in short the uk has always been a little distant from the rest of the eu , has a slightly different political culture and a different outlook and had a very different experience of wwii ( which was a driver for the process that kicked off the eu . . ) . 
  that has an impact . 
   if you are going to treat the eu like nafta do n't be surprised that people retaliate when they find out it is not . 
  i think the argument is more that if you are going to try to make the eu like nafta , do n't be surprised if people decide they do n't want it when it turns out you ca n't . 
  only a slight difference , but close enough . . 
   from the very beginning , the eu was envisioned as eventually resulting in a federal europe . 
  by who . . you have federalist factions and you have factions that think the eu should be something very different . 
  it certainly was n't clear , and indeed is n't clear now , that the eu should become a federal europe . 
   ecj judicial activism has also generally been of a `` the purpose of the eu is ever increasing co-operation leading to integration '' . 
  who are you quoting there ? 
  the treaties talk about `` ever closer union '' in the context of being `` among the peoples of europe '' , not among the member states , there are references to `` closer relations between the states belonging to it '' , but not to an eventual federal anything . 
   this nonsense of the eu 's core aims and values changing is ahistorical and fiction . 
  no it really is n't , and moreover the difference in perception of the aims and direction of the eu are n't just a uk thing , there are differences across the eu , differences that are not likely to be resolved any time soon . 
   you can find innumerable quotes from the founders and architects of the ecsc , and leaders of france and germany ever since , all that show that the eu project is far more than a single market . 
  you are right to say that the eu is far more than a single market , and you are right that some individuals see the eu as becoming significantly more , but that does n't change the uk perspective . 
  germany , poland and the uk all have different views of what the eu should be and is , and as members they get to shape that . 
  i think from the uk side , there is now a perception that the shape and direction are beyond salvaging in a uk context and that leaving is the better option . . you ca n't claim that we should all just accept that there was some fundamental plan that has always been adhered to and some continuous planned evolution that was obvious and indisputable . 
   why are you commenting authoritatively on the eu when you are clearly and desperately uninformed on its history ? 
  i 'm commenting on my perception of the uks view of the eu , that 's based on what we 've seen in the uk for the last 40 years and obviously what has happened recently . . 
  i 'd also argue that your notion of a fixed path for the eu that was somehow always there and obvious is wrong , especially in the context of the eu heading inexorably toward a federal europe , especially given that it has been and will continue to be subject to the will and direction of the member states . 
   i can concede this is a problem , but i would argue that this is not a change of approach , the difference was always there . 
  it has , but given a referendum was actually offered , it made a difference to how ( some . . ) people voted . 
  i think the drama there is not so much that it was n't something that always existed , but that it 's not particularly helpful and is a negative when it comes to eu membership . 
  one of the guys i know is in biotech and has basically watched a lot of promising work move to the us and has n't wanted to follow it , but a lot of his colleagues have . 
   again , i concede this has changed but not by a dramatic shift in policy , but by creating the actual frameworks outlined in the treaty of rome : absolutely , and i think to a certain extent , the uk thought it would be mitigated by both eu expansion ( and so a bigger single market ) and external trade agreements via the eu . 
  that sort of has n't happened in respect to some of the largest economies in the world . 
  so again , it 's a bit of a negative . 
   although , the uk could have used the carve-out designed for france : i think the uk did , but it mitigates it at most , it does n't really deal with the issue and frankly it could n't , you ca n't really have a single market in the way the eu one is set up and allow individual members freedom on international trade , at least not without significantly complicating the internal market . 
   this is a big problem , with no simple anser . 
  to be honest there are no simple answers to any of this , and you can wrap it all up in a single reason for leaving , which is that at present , reform that would deal with those issues does n't seem possible within the context of the eu . 
  if it is n't ( and i 'd argue that the direction of travel and future reforms are actually likely to go the other way . . ) the opportunity to leave is one that probably should be taken , and obviously is . . 
   it was never just a trading block and was never meant to be . 
  no , it was n't , but i think its fair to say that that was what the uk , and uk governments wanted from the eu , and broadly what they wanted the eu to be . 
  that 's part of the reason why they pushed for expansion . 
  and no , it 's not the eu 's fault that the uk joined a project with different aspirations and ideas about what it should be , and it is the uks fault to some degree that it was n't able to shape the eu , or its membership to reflect what it wanted , but in the end the outcome is the same . 
  the eu does n't really fit what a lot of people in the uk want , and that does include a lot of remainers too . 
  it also makes a lot of sense if you look at the remain campaign from the referendum through that prism , and indeed the discussions since . 
  the focus has been heavily on the economic impact and trade . 
  there are far fewer people bothered by the many other aspects , and the argument that the uk would lose its seat at the table and no longer be able to have input on the direction of the eu seemed to have almost no impact . 
   i do n't thin the direction of the eu has changed fundamentally . 
  i think it very much depends on where you are , i 've spent a fair amount of time in germany and the uk and i think both see the eu quite differently in terms of aims and ambitions , and whilst it 's fair to say that there has been compromise , i think a lot of that was done despite uk public opinion ( and originally opposition from the left , more recently from the right . . ) . 
   can you provide an example of a deal-breaker ?
