  it is pretty ridiculous to suggest that there is no mandate for a referendum . 
  i 'm fairly sure ( but have n't checked ... ) that the uk greens supported having a referendum too for example . 
  given the disconnect between what many of us in the uk would like the eu to be and what the eu currently is , and given the focus on reforming the eu that has cone from both the right and left in the remain campaign ( including your own support for diem25 ) , what prospect do you think there is for real fundamental reform in areas where there is some consensus in the uk ? 
  and what process do you think will get us those reforms ? 
  secondly , if the needed reforms did not materialise despite the hard work of many in the uk and the wider eu , what options would remain to the uk to ensure that we are part of a european union that works for us ? 
  lastly , what reform do you think is most vital and do you think that your fellow remain campaigners in government , like david cameron , george osborne and jeremy hunt would press for such reforms ? 
  thanks for taking the time to do this ama !, 
   its approximate us counterpart is the dhs ice , which has an annual budget of $ 5.34 b , or about 37 times as much -- and ice is n't facing an ongoing crisis . 
  to put # 945 million over four years in context , the uk spends # 600 million a year on border protection ( that excludes things like visa issuing and enforcement etc. . which would add about 1.2 bn ) . 
  the uk also spends around # 310 million a year on asylum applications and so on , again , that 's per year ( so would come pretty close to the projected 1.4 bn for an eu wide system ) . 
  in short , these numbers are way too low to replace national systems , it 's an addition . 
  basically this is n't about setting up a viable border/coast protection and asylum management system , it 's about more eu level structures and agencies and appearing to be acting on an issue . . 
   then they should simply split up . 
  and yet some of them do n't want to and the eu is still seen as massively secondary to their national membership ( for want of a better term ... ) . 
  amusingly the uk does n't have a big plane ... 
  they have to borrow one . 
  ( it does have quite a few small ones though . . ) . 
   i bet you money right now that uk will not leave if the ttip passes . 
  it 'd be a bit late at that point do n't you think ? 
  the referendum is 20odd days away , ttip is n't even final yet . 
  if people are lying on their voter registration , it 's not the governments fault , it 's the person registering . 
  if there is an error in sending out polling cards , that 's an issue for councils . 
  there may be a widespread issue here , but i doubt it . 
  if there is , it should be relatively easy to spot the changes ( the rolls are available , you can compare previous registrations and eu nationals are marked ) . 
  in short , i would n't worry too much about it yet , and i certainly would n't assume it was government meddling . 
  it is a significant proportion . . 
  it 'd probably be fairer to say that people should stop pretending that if the uk left the eu it would be because it was pursuing an isolationist position . 
  being outside of the eu is n't an indication if isolationism and could well be seen as the complete opposite . 
   the european union is in fact the european community , 508 million people sharing common european values and ambitions . 
  no , it 's 508 million people with a broad range of values and no consensus on an particular european ambitions . 
  and it excludes rather a lot of the european community who happen to be outside of the eu ... 
  there are lots of differing ideas as to the direction the eu should take and how it should go about moving forward , and the uk happens to be very much not in the core of that in terms of the consensus within both those who want to remain or those who want to leave . 
   if you dislike the direction of the european union , what have you as a european citizen , amply empowered with democratic mechanisms , done to change things ? 
  well . . campaigned , voted and otherwise argued for change . 
  unfortunately those mechanisms do n't seem to be working very well , so we 've pushed for a vote on membership . 
  happily that will now go ahead and we get to vote to leave or remain ...  we are currently the largest economy in world . 
  to complain about this level of access to prosperity , is ludicrous . 
  because there are n't massive structural and equity issues within the eu ? 
  china is a massively rich country , do you think complaining about that level of access to prosperity , is ludicrous ? 
  this referendum is a democratic mechanism , it is about self governance and the direction the uk wants to take . 
  surely deciding whether you want to be part of an intergovernmental club or not , especially as one of the largest economies in the world , is a valid thing to do . . 
  and many different opinions at that . 
  you have the current tory government and the current labour opposition , the lib dems , greens etc. . arguing to remain on positions that are frankly often diametrically opposite , whilst on the leave side , you have left wing and right wing people also arguing to leave for very different reasons ... 
  it 's almost as if the issue is n't easy to split into a binary argument and there are lots , and complex reasons for people to hold either position . . 
   by ` they ' you mean the brexit crowd ? 
  well , and most of the remain crowd too . 
  their argument is mostly that the uk could do much better , but rather than leaving the eu , we should change it . 
  the number of people who support the uk remaining in the eu and the status quo is lower than those who want reform , the number who want further integration ( and the kind of integration that the eu needs if it does n't want to lurch perpetually from crisis to crisis . . ) is far lower again . 
   since probably most of those are voting from other eu members , right ? 
  not sure about how many of those eligible to vote are in the eu but there are more brits abroad outside of the eu than in it . 
  you 'd assume that those in the eu will have more of a reason to vote , although even there it might get interesting . 
  turnout in the last general election was barely 66 % and that 's arguably far more important than this vote ( i mean , a government could just pull the uk out of the eu without a vote so ... ) and the last european parliament elections barely managed 35 % . 
  assuming we see a turnout of 45 % in this referendum , and it splits say 51/49 for leave , then the uk will leave on the basis of a decision made by 23 % of eligible voters . . oh and 45 % might be optimistic ( might not , we 'll see , i 'd like to see as high a turnout as possible but ... well what can you do ) because it 's one vote all on it 's own , not tied to council or parliamentary elections . 
  remember that the ep elections were supposedly massively important given the amount of noise ukip were making , and arguably the stuff around ` electing ' a president , but interest was still low . . to be fair though , that was the same with the av referendum and the scottish independence referendum . 
  it 's easy to vote , easy to register and those interested in the subject will vote . 
  much like general elections , some portion of people simply wo n't be interested and wo n't . 
  as the parent said , you ca n't just change the rules because you do n't like the potential outcome , it would simply look like an attempt to fix the outcome . 
  the argument about regulation is a bit of a silly one in this instance , people are n't about to demand that the eu ignores it 's own regulations and allows the uk to export to the eu on whatever basis it wants , much like uk producers have to meet the regulatory requirements in the us or china if they want to export to those countries . 
  the difference with the eu is that those regulations also apply in the uk at present , and many of those regulations go well beyond exports and can be problematic for the uk ( the current ports regulations for example ) . 
  the us has to abide by eu regulations on it 's exports , but it does n't have to apply those standards at home , or apply a slew of other eu regulations to do business with the eu . 
  as to the rest , the uk is n't going to ` become ' anyone , whatever agreement is reached with the eu will be one that compromises most effectively between the needs of the eu and uk . 
  we do n't quite know what that will look like yet , but it 'll likely be fairly open in both directions . . that does the least harm after all . 
  and yes , the eu does need to change , it does need reform , it does need to integrate more around the euro too . 
  and yes , the uk could spend the next quarter of a century trying to achieve the kinds of reforms many people in the uk would like to see . 
  but i doubt it 'd achieve those changes . . 
  so , whilst it 's nice to say ` it might not work for us , we might want a very different eu , but hey , lets stay in and change it ' that only works if there are others who support that and there has to be a point where you say ` this is n't working ' if it is n't . 
  that 's the point we seem to be at . 
  reform is unlikely , especially reform that the uk would like to see . 
  the eu actually needs to go the other way and i do n't see how it can bring the uk along on that road , at least not without the uk ending up with such a different relationship as a member from most of the others that it may as well be on the outside . . 
  i sort of wondered given the tail . . oh , and those su-27 's are pretty ... 
   i also wonder how belgium aircraft have ended up intruding into finland clearly all part of a greater , dastardly belgian plan . 
  i may be being a bit dense ( it 's 2:14 am here after all ... ) but the uk is n't in the eurozone so the following from the article makes very little sense :  much discussion continues about a potential `` brexit , '' a british exit from the eurozone due to the belief that the eurozone does not help the british economy . 
   the uk is integral to our perception of the eurozone 's recovery , and its removal would lead to different conclusions about the eu 's economic health . 
  as it stands , the eurozone has shown a modest recovery , primarily driven by the uk , france , and germany : surely this has to relate to the eu 's economic health , not the eurozones ... 
  the article seems broadly accurate , if you take that into account , but it 's a bit odd to see differentiation between the eu28 . 
  the eu15 but not the currency union and especially to see the eu being referred to as the eurozone . 
  someone please do correct me if i 'm missing something . . 
   people have been saying this would n't be the case but i fail to see how it could n't be . 
  the uk and ireland would n't want it and the eu is n't going to impose borders , or rather , if it does , it 's going to open itself up to a whole slew of issues ... 
  indeed , and we should be talking about it now . . 
   one assumes if the uk introduces a points system for a bloc , the members of that blic will reciprocate in kind . 
  i think the assumption would be that the uk would introduce a points based system for all migrants , not just eu ones . 
  the whole point being not to give eu citizens a preference simply because of their nationality , but to switch to something based on stills . 
   i would n't worry too much about short stay business visas , but my colleagues are seconded for months or years at a time . 
  ah , yeah , that 'd presumably involve a requirement akin to a [ ` tier-2 intra-company transfer visa ' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/tier-2-intracompany-transfer-worker-visa/overview ) still harder than simply turning up , but easier than the usual approach too , and presumably not part of the points based system . . 
  as someone who wants to leave , but does n't have a massive issue with immigration it 's the ` reluctant and shit at building extra infrastructure ' that really needs to be dealt with in the context of both migration and simple mobility in the uk . 
  the pressures on services and availability of housing in some parts of the country are dire , and no amount of blaming it on immigrants ( eu or otherwise . . ) is going to fix that , proper service planning and house building would though . . 
   i suppose the eu will have to introduce some similar points system for uk citizens . 
  is n't that an issue for individual members , not the eu ? 
  i 'm pretty sure immigration policy is a national competency , not an eu one . 
  when it comes to visas ( where there is an eu aspect for schengen members ) , i ca n't see any travel visas ( holiday or short term business ) being brought in from either side given visa waiver programmes are pretty common anyway . 
   should be covered by history lessons . 
  it really should fit into something that is already taught , the idea that kids need 30 hours specifically on the benefits of a military alliance seems like a propaganda exercise , especially if it is utterly uncritical . 
  that said , it is something that should be covered , we covered it in school as part of the cold war , ( and covered the warsaw pact and soviet union . . ) given it is relatively important , but 30 hours is , well , excessive to say the least . 
  which all in all is a very sensible position to take , acting on impulse is a bad idea . 
  that said , the uk leaving the eu should provide some impetus for the remaining member states to address the issues that the eu and especially the eurozone faces , with a bit of luck and some decent judgement , it 's entirely possible that the remaining 27 can come up with something that works and has public support . 
  and it 'll get dealt with . 
  the rules are relatively tight to make sure that there are n't abuses , this falls into the category of mild mistake though , and fixable at that . 
   just like overwatch , am i right ? 
  i. . what ?
