  agreed ... 
  but again , that 's treating each issue separately . 
  from the article :  from my discussions with the u.k. government they seem to want [ to negotiate by ] chapters . 
  they want to look at single market , at sovereignty , at freedom of movement , at transposition of eu laws ... 
  the feeling i get is that is unacceptable to most member states . 
  they want the single market and freedom of movement to be tackled together . '' what you are talking about is exactly what is suggested should n't happen . 
  that the uk would face the same restrictions as it imposes ( which is reasonable . . ) but could carry on talking about access in other areas . 
  the claim here is that you ca n't have free movement of goods without free movement of people , no free movement of capital without freedom of movement for services etc. . an fta will absolutely treat those separately , even a bespoke agreement that gets tacked on to the eea would treat them separately . .  and no , ireland will not become a backdoor , brits eligible for irish passports only need apply . 
  is anyone actually concerned about that ? 
  i mean irish nationals have a special status in the uk anyway , there is a huge amount of cooperation and no pressure , either in the uk or ireland to restrict bilateral trade , movement or anything else as far as i can see . 
   a quote from boris :   the continent [ africa ] may be a blot , but it is not a blot upon our conscience . 
  the problem is not that we were once in charge , but that we are   not in charge any more  original article from 2002 i have n't seen any imperialist policies yet , just attitudes . 
  to be fair , that 's from 14 years ago , and from a blog post in the spectator . 
  that said , you would n't be far wrong to associate boris with some of the more outrageous suggestions that are currently out there with regard to what the uk , and europes roles should be in africa , and indeed that he sees the uks influence as not entirely bad . . 
  but as you point out , it hardly implies imperialist policies and frankly i do n't think it reflects an imperialist attitude by the government either . 
  if you take the article in context , its part conscience clearing , a little revisionism and broadly a bleak look at africa and the approaches taken ...  she dropped it and then started raising it again last month . 
  i have n't seen her suggest the uk abandon it again since before the leadership election . . maybe i missed something ? 
   though i now see from the weekend she wants to exempt the uk military from it , so she may limit the changes to that , dunno if that would be in violation of the gfa entirely , but it would certainly be in violation of the spirit given that some of the human rights violations in ni were committed by the army . 
  she wants to use a mechanism already available via the agreements , and frankly there is an issue of applying rules that are geared towards managing a society in peacetime , to conduct on the battlefield . 
  i do n't think its unreasonable to treat someone being shot in hackney differently to someone being shot in iraq or afghanistan , and i think that 's where the ( overblown . . ) concern comes from at present . .  two years is a very short amount of time for this though and it could very well be the grandstanding that keeps it to two years . 
  to be honest if we ca n't sort out an exit agreement and a transition in two years , we wo n't be able to sort one at all . 
  i 'd argue that if it ca n't be done in two years ( baring in mind that trade agreements come after ) then the uk and eu should part company without an agreement in place . 
  extending this phase would be damaging and frankly cause more problems than the alternatives . 
   that 's what i meant and i think it 's terrible . 
  how can anyone expect anything else though ? 
  china is a massive country , it is going to become more relevant , countries outside of europe have more raw materials , larger populations and different interests to the likes of the eu or even the us . 
  they have to assert themselves , we ca n't expect or really in good conscience demand that all these poorer states with so much potential remain sidelined forever , if anything that would only accelerate the sidelining of europe . . 
  the question is how we approach that and frankly , i think the eu approach is the wrong one , it belongs in the last century  overall i think you missed by point here though . 
  my whole point is that the worst case scenarios are much better than what have happened in the past . 
  ( ok maybe not the worst case scenario , nukes are still a thing after all but you know what i mean . 
  the worst , likely scenarios . ), 
   i chose ww1 because like after ww1 the world is realigning into a more isolationist position and nationalism is rising . 
  more and more people are becoming anti-internationalist and anti-trade ( i am not defending all the things that have been and have been reported to be included in trade deals recently , those have exacerbated the movement away from trade . ), 
  at the moment it 's looking like trump will lose but even if he does the rhetoric and its support base will continue unless things improve faster than they are now . 
  i 'd also include the 2008 crash as all part of the same ( potential ) turning point . 
  you can argue the reverse quite well too , wwi was the consequence of globalisation and regional powers trying to expand regional influence clashing . . 
  it was n't just about isolationism and nationalism ... and i do n't think that the situation in the world now is anything but superficially similar , and frankly you can take almost any point after wwii and make superficial comparisons . 
   having said that things could turn around quite rapidly . 
  on paper , economically a lot of countries are reaching the stage were ordinary people normally start to notice the improvement , uk included in that . 
  on paper , we 're getting better climate change agreements . 
  on paper and in theory we could see lots of positive changes , especially if we work together globally , rather than trying to turn things into an us and them situation . 
  dominance , whether it 's of a single superpower , or in a multi-polar world with two or three competing blocs and ideologies really is n't terribly sustainable , it 's the 19th century solution to problems in a world where communications , travel and logistics have changed everything in a few short decades . 
  with the right decisions and approaches that can lead to some very positive outcomes , people just have to want that rather than holding on to the notion of being better than , or somehow massively more important than anyone else based purely on history , whether that is the few people in the uk who look nostalgically at empire , or those in europe who see the eu as a potential superpower to challenge the us or china . . 
  well , it is the most likely scenario . . 
  there is n't a set model for eu membership ( lots of opt outs , and separate memberships across various aspects of the eu ) never mind non-eu membership relations with the eu . 
  so any deal is going to involve various different elements . . 
   my biggest concern is whether brexit will trigger a housing market crash . 
  the issue that the uk has at the moment is a lack of supply , that 'd be an issue even if the population remained at its current level and did n't grow at all , so i ca n't see property prices dropping off massively ... on the other side of the coin is that if you live in london already and are renting you are already paying a premium due to the amount of demand , and i 'd assume that cost will only go up . . 
  or they could try to make the ` as long as they can get away with it ' last as long as humanly possible . . 
  i mean come on , unions want their members to keep their jobs , and be paid as well as possible . 
  that 's why people join unions , and of course workers get a very large say in what their union does on their behalf . . and it seems to be working for aslef members . 
  to be fair , automating the work gets rid of you your members jobs , so there is n't really a better alternative for the union . 
  the argument that given it was n't in anyones manifesto and so having a poll to validate support seems reasonable enough on the face of it , although it would absolutely fall into the ` expensive poll ' category . 
  doing that before going through the process to change the constitution seems like doing more than necessary rather than less . 
  given you edited the title and the article does n't address it , what about the referendum was invalid ? 
  that 's aslefs job though . . 
  unions are supposed to be there to protect their members jobs and pay , automation is a risk to them . 
  fair enough , and probably not far off the mark , although i think that if we count catholicism , nepoleon and hitler as previous attempts you can probably make the case that previous attempts may have been well worth opposing . 
  although it seems fairly clear that with the eu the uk is really just stepping out , after having had one foot out for most of its membership ... 
  you do realise that presenting it in the context of catholicism , napoleon and hitler , you are n't selling the eu terribly well ... 
  the eu negotiating as a block is pretty important , if they are n't able to do that they really will mean that the eu 's position would be doomed to failure , although i 'm sure the uk will try to use leverage with individual members . . 
  beyond that though , i think the only people who will be surprised if the eu tries to dictate terms , will be the eu negotiators when the uk does n't play . 
  the same applies to the notion that the discussions have to be everything or nothing , because if they are , the result will be nothing . 
  the eu has a lot of leverage in some areas , the uk has quite a bit too , but neither side has an insurmountable position , and both sides have a lot to lose . 
   to a certain degree you 're right but 6 months ago neither the uk , irish or eu governments wanted the uk to leave the eu . 
  so right now i do not have faith in analyses that depend entirely on everyone acting on what is rationally in their economic interest . 
  ( or even their political interest . ), 
  whilst that might be true , all of them have capable civil servants and they will act in their interests and on the perceived political situation . 
  on that basis no-one in the uk or ireland is going to demand a hard border so the only way it comes in is if it becomes a requirement from the eu . . that seems unlikely too . 
  and a response to the rant too ...   and to be honest , i think the current uk government are incompetent and nostalgic for the times of the british empire . 
  i have a certain amount of faith in the british civil service to take over negotiations and stop the politicians from ruining things too badly but there 's only so much they can do . 
  i do n't , certainly not for empire . 
  i think that is a view being propagated largely by people disappointed by the vote . 
  now the tories are conservatives , and they are n't shy about using somewhat nationalistic rhetoric to present positions , but that they do square that with reality . 
  for that matter i 'm not sure what government position harks back to empire , some people seem to have a slightly odd idea that simply not being in the eu means that the uk must then be part of some other large grouping , and given that there is n't really on , it must be delusions about empire . . 
  frankly i get the impression that a lot of those people simply fail to recognise that there are quite a lot of countries , the vast majority in fact , that are n't in a political , social and economic union . .  theresa may for instance , who is one of the more competent members of her government . 
  ( faint praise ) consistently has said that she will take the uk out of the echr , despite it being a condition of the good friday agreement that the echr apply to all laws in northern ireland . 
  might she come up with some arrangement where the echr applies in ni but not the rest of the uk , maybe , but as far as i can see she has n't even mentioned it as a challenge . 
  yeah , that 's pretty stupid . 
  it 's been her position since she was home secretary , however you will note that she publicly dropped it before becoming pm . . 
  i think it has suited the tories for a long time to rail against the echr ( and do n't get me wrong , there are issues with it . . ) as a means to placate those that see it as somehow constraining the uk from acting in its own interests . 
   and if she does n't do that ( or abandon entirely the plan to repeal the echr from uk law ) why should anyone trust any deal the uk makes ? 
  just on that , quite a lot of deals and agreements have exit routes , most treaties do for example . 
  there tends to be a cost associated with it though . . that does n't mean countries have n't repealed treaties and agreements in the past , conditions change , countries react to that . 
  on occasion ( and not in the case of the echr in my view . . ) it is right to leave an agreement or exit a treaty . . that is n't cause for distrust unless the treaty is violated . 
   do n't get me wrong the rest of the governments eu are `` tough negotiators . '', 
  ... in the worst possible way . 
  it was entirely against the interests of the project ( and indeed all the nations individually ) to focus on `` punishing '' the peripheral states and constantly bringing things to the brink before kicking the can down the road . 
  ( even to this day the problems are n't solved ) their governments decided to make an economic problem a question of ( inaccurate ) morals . 
  if anyone thinks the news stories of them wanting to `` punish '' the uk 's decision are inaccurate or exaggerated then they need to read more from greece . 
  i think most of the eu governments actually manage to act in their own interests . 
  the situation with greece is as much a reflection of german public opinion and the need to prop up both the euro and the eu . 
  now as you mention , it is kicking the can down the road because it does n't solve the core issue , but then that is costly and politically problematic too . . 
  i honestly do n't know what the best case scenario there is , but if anything the greek experience indicates that actually , the eu will probably act in what it sees as its economic and political interests , both of which will make punishing the eu problematic , especially if french , german and italian economic performance comes head to head with a rather woolier notion of the potential impact on other eu states - i think there is more likely to be a push to kick the latter issue down the road ( and deal with it through further integration . . ) as well as a recognition that it 'd be much , much harder for anyone other than the uk to leave ( given its size , and existing membership arrangements ) . 
   and sorry again to bring this back to the uk government 's incompetence but they 're still swanning around as if the eu are going to be push overs and that they 're going to dictate terms to them . 
  they sort of have to , they are building their position and presenting a very hard line , and a maximalist approach will likely give them more room to negotiate down , the eu is publicly doing the same . 
  what 's quite interesting is that whilst both are presenting this ` strong ! ', 
  external image , if you watch any of the policy discussions ( there 's a video not too far down on / r/europe of the constitutional committee actually ... ) they are far more mixed and there is an element of recognising the position of the other and the political realities . . 
  if anything i think the bigger issue is the eus current approach , they are essentially pinning everything ( based on public statements and some of the discussions that have been public ) of being able to find some compromise that basically keeps the uk in , an associate agreement , a looser periphery , limits on free movement in exchange for continued membership of the union and access to the market , with a voice in decision making etc. . all in all there seems to be a feeling of disbelief that the uk would actually leave the eu and a real feeling that actually the uk will want to find a way to stay in , the notion that the uk might actually exit the free market and look for an fta seems almost amusingly distant in anyones thinking . 
  the reality though is that the negotiators will be working on a reasonably solid set of directions on both sides , and will be working without the need for political grandstanding ( the politicians will do that in tandem ... ) .
