  the eu wo n't become a superpower without some really significant reform . 
  right now it does n't have a coherent foreign policy , ca n't support the foreign policy it does have and punches significantly below its weight ( seriously , it should be able to do a lot better even as it stands ... ) , militarily it is n't unified and has essentially no ( or rather a tiny . . ) capacity for eu direction operation . 
  economically it 's split too because of the conflicting interests of some of its larger members , and of course issues around the euro . 
  the eu is n't currently on the path to become a superpower , it 's basically on a path to not very effective integration and requires massive reform to get that sorted . . 
  the only actual superpower these days is the us . 
  beyond that you have some regional powers ( china , the uk , france , russia etc. . ) and a lot of countries with varying degrees of alignment . 
  but the way we understand the term superpower usually involves the ability to project power and influence globally . 
  the us can do that , neither russia , china , the eu , france , israel or the uk can do it to the same degree . 
  countries with nuclear weapons are n't superpowers by default , they are nuclear powers , they are not countries anyone can invade or attack with unconventional weapons without massive retribution , but they are n't superpowers, 
  depends on the set up of the cooperative , and broadly in the model where you have a real ownership stake , you are responsible for more but you get something back when you finish ( you have that stake to return . . ) or in a non-ownership model you do n't have ongoing liabilities to the coop when you leave ... my point however is that these analogies do n't make sense . 
  there is n't really any clarity ( there is n't an incorporation or shareholder agreement somewhere ) . 
  it seems incredibly unlikely that the eu will simply ask for and get 60bn out of the uk on leaving , and it seems unlikely that the uk wo n't take on some of the ongoing costs that the eu has in relation to uk staff and potentially some projects too . 
  sometimes size does matter . 
  and 2k troops at a time does n't make a battle tested army , it makes a plugged in brigade . 
  probably more relevantly it 's less than half a russian airborne division . 
  and they 've been exercising those somewhat . . 
  that metric would make france , the uk and israel superpowers too though , and i do n't think it really applies . . 
  frankly , even though i would n't want to be part of your reformed eu ( although i can see reform being necessary , maybe not in the same way you envisage ) the way that people like the poster above is happy to suggest that allies , nato members even should be happy sit back and watch their partners be invaded is hugely problematic . 
  granted i 'd rather not see a war between nato and russia but frankly if one were provoked , i 'd expect my country to stand and do what it has promised to do and defend what it can and fight back when it can . 
  if that means getting back into uniform then fine ( spent enough time training for that particular war anyway ) . 
  that said , the eu , and indeed the populations of eu member states seem to have a strange relationship with their armed forces , even on defence and indeed the defence of their alliances . 
  now i 'm not suggesting everyone go mad and emulate the us , but surely there is some half way point that leaves europe well defended and able to deter real threats whilst not turning into a rampaging monster intent on conquering the globe . . with that in mind i can see some of the biggest challenges are in creating a europe where all members feel that they can rely on the others , not only in the good times and not only for gestures , but for hard support . 
  the idea that it 'd be ok to just sit back and allow russia ` to swallow the baltic ' shows a bit of a disregard for what happened last time that happened and what it would mean for a huge number of people . 
  by all means i 'd love to see europe and russia come closer , to be partners even , but not in exchange for eastern europe . 
  if you are using that analogy , then the uk is n't liable for the costs after it has left either though . 
  either the uk is responsible for it 's liabilities and should be able to offset that against assets , or it is n't . . ca n't really have it all ways . . 
  you are broadly right , but the uk/canada thing is interesting because the uk is by far canada 's largest eu trading partner ( more than 40 % of all eu/canada trade ) and many of the reservations , tariffs and quotas in ceta relate to protecting canada from state subsidy in the eu . 
  in any case , it 'd still work more favourably than having no agreement , for both sides , as a starting point . 
  of course the uk and canada will want to put a full fta in place , ceta is n't close to being ideal for either side , and without the other members of the eu involved it wo n't be too difficult to come to a much more appropriate bilateral arrangement . 
   also , at the moment the weakest part of eu is the uk the uk is leaving the eu so it 's not really the eu 's weakest part ( it was the member with the weakest ties to the eu though , but then it was always on the periphery to a certain extent . ) . 
   o uk is searching a weaker one to purposing to them , and they think they 've found one in poland , if it does n't work there is kosovo and serbia ( but they are not european yet ) . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what that means . . 
   the lack of these is not the fault of the organisation , but of the member states . 
  the member states are the organisation , you ca n't really separate the eu from its members ... 
  why ? 
  visa waivers are only really a problem if you have a massive issue with overstaying , given the number of turkish people who have settled in various eu member states it seems like a way to reduce bureaucracy rather than cause any issues . 
  fuck the cows , wo n't anyone think of the kettles ? 
  sadly no , and usually modified in hideous ways . . 
  always partial to the mk2 for some reason . . 
  almost bought one way back when , but ended up with a ford that i could actually insure instead . 
   well , he has been divorced . 
  that has mattered in the past . 
  yes , although if i remember correctly that was settled some time ago . 
   if you make a decision and have a veto-based structure , whilst i feel that you are broadly right across your post this part is n't true . 
  even in areas where there is no veto available to members , the eu and eu institutions have still had issues implementing policy or driving forward its agenda . 
  the reasoning is similar ( the need to bring governments , not people along ) but it 's not because of a threat of vetos . 
   the fix there is to migrate to majority vote or some other system that has a lower bar to taking action of some form . 
  even a still-relatively-high-bar of `` 85 % of member states can push through an action over the objection of the other 15 % '' would be a lot better than the current `` 96.4 % of members being in agreement about taking action to move from the status quo is not sufficient and can be blocked by the remaining 3.6 % of the eu membership . 
  100 % is necessary , unanimous agreement is required '' . 
  [ something like this perhaps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_nice_.282003.e2.80.932014.2f2017.29 ) ? 
   well , everytime we make an answer about why catalonia should remain a part of spain they just dodge it , or call us fascists , so in our experience it goes nowhere . 
  you ca n't reason with this . 
  video is subtitled in english . 
  i agree with you on the video , the scenario presented is ... novel shall we say . 
  but i disagree with the notion that you simply ca n't reason with people at all , you can if you want to , you ca n't if you simply write a large group of people off as being irrational . 
  yes you wo n't convince everyone , but at the end of the day , it seems to me that the number of hardcore supporters when compared to those who hold softer positions will always be smaller , the latter are those who you can absolutely have a dialogue with , whether you can change their minds is of course an issue for you . 
  now if you are suggesting that the majority are already hardcore supporters who wo n't budge their positions then you have a bigger problem , then catalonia really is on the road to independence and will likely end up there . 
   also i think blocking something that could collaterally damage spain is legitimate . 
  you might , many people would n't . 
  almost every secession movement that you can think of is seen as harmful to the nation being seceded from , and from ireland through to the us it seems rather clear that whilst that may well be the case , it 's generally better to approach it with dialogue and political process than to simply hope it goes away . 
   honestly , without all this shit i would have been ( and i 've been in the past ) in favor of a referendum . 
  i suppose my argument there would be that rather than simply holding a referendum , the right approach is to have a national dialogue , set up a process that leads to a referendum , but give it some time . 
  that way spain looks reasonable to the catalonians , you can discuss options short of independence , you can make the case for unity . 
  by making a political process impossible , you almost make independence inevitable , because you help to paint spain as an entity that is holding a region against its will , as an oppressor rather than a positive force for good in the context of the regions that it is comprised of . . 
   so is the support real or was it fabricated through this ? 
  the support would be real , the basis for that support may be flawed ( although i 'd be willing to bet that only part of it is , there is always a narrative that some people buy into more than others ) . 
  the idea that the support is fabricated ( without resorting to using a very odd , in the context , definition of fabricated ) is a bit like claiming that support for scottish independence is all fabricated by the snp and similar groups , or that support for the uk in gibraltar is fabricated . 
  people come to their positions in different ways , once they hold those positions you ca n't just ignore them , sure you can try and convince them of the alternatives , you can make the case around inaccuracies , you can even try to push your own narrative in whatever ways you prefer , but the belief is there . 
   maybe you understand why i 'm so skeptic about the groundhog process . 
  the problem i have with the arguments around catalonian independence is that there is the absolutism , you have people claiming it 's be illegal to offer a referendum at all , that the view is entirely illegitimate , that it should n't be allowed under any circumstances , whilst the whole notion of people having a say in how they are governed , and there being a process in place to achieve that ( whether it happens or not ) is ignored . 
  i 'm not that bothered about whether catalonia becomes independent or not , i do n't really have a stake in it , but i do think that if people want it , even if they want it for the wrong reason , they should have a political mechanism to work through to achieve it . 
  without that people end up resorting to alternatives to a political process , and that is n't good , it leads to extremism , hostility and generally that is n't good for anyone involved . 
  the answer is to make the argument that catalonia should remain a part of spain for all the very good reasons that is true , not pretend that there is no argument to be had . 
  it 's generally does n't make a lot of sense to look at questions that are only tangentially related to an issue to make a determination on the amount of support . 
  i 'm sure that there are lots of people in various regions around europe that have a strong local identity that they 'd put first , where it is n't in any way an indication of their views on central government . 
  the problem with catalonia seems to be the absolute opposition to actually asking a question on independence in a meaningful way . 
  if there really was the support for it in london why not . . 
  but there is n't and there likely wo n't be given the practicalities of the situation so it 'd be a bit of a pointless vote . 
  when it comes to catalonia though , that 's the justification ? 
  it 's a region that does have a lot of support for independence and clearly a desire for a poll . 
  arguably not having one will make it more likely for those seeking independence to push harder and gain support , something that could eventually lead to independence anyway . . 
  happy birthday !, 
   i never mentioned my stance on trump and it 's irrelevant anyway and i did n't suggest you did . 
   and it is direct because those people directly force the state to take action it 's certainly not direct democracy to be able to petition government , and it 's not even close to being direct democracy if you have a mechanism to trigger a debate in parliament . 
  by that measure , writing to your mp and managing to get a question into a debate is perilously close to direct democracy . . 
  this is n't direct democracy , this is a platform to allow people to petition government . 
  surely regardless of your stance on trump or any other issue , that 's a good thing ? 
   i 'm a firm believer of the core europe to advance the course of the continent . 
  it is not discriminatory , as everybody who shares our vision is welcome to join but that vision evolves and has continued to evolve ... and in any case surely a turkey that was on a path to joining the eu would of course only do so at a point where it did share whatever vision you need to have to join the eu and that 'd be fine . 
   the hasty expansion driven by the uk and its desire for military expansion i 'm not sure that the uk has a desire of military expansion . . and if the eu does , it 's not going very well . . 
   right . 
  we 're just going to ignore the fact that the turkish authorities accuse other nato members of being enemies who were behind the coup ? 
  i 'm not excusing anything , turkey is in a mess at the moment . . erdo\u011fan is a real problem both for turkey and stability in the region . 
  frankly i 'd be quite happy if turks decided to take the country in a different direction , one that put it closer to the eu and western europe generally . 
  at the same time , turkey is important to nato and a member , and politically , things change . 
   are we going to ignore that the edogan regime seems pretty eager to have a conflict with greece , another nato member ? 
  turkey and greece have been pissing each other off for a lot longer than erdo\u011fan has been in power . . hell , it 'd be nice to see them sort that out at some point , but i do n't see it happening ( do you ? ) . 
  the current situation with the cyprus talks is at least promising ...  of course turkey as a national entity is cool and there 's nothing more i would like than to all get along , but buddying up to erdogan will prove a stupid move in the long run . 
  you 'll have to explain how a defence deal between the uk and turkey is n't a deal with a country , but instead an act of ` buddying up ' to erdo\u011fan . 
  it 's about uk/turkish trade and a long term relationship .
