  the eu will be a better partner working alongside the eu in areas where we have mutual interests , and in terms of trade , than within it in a process and project that it is n't really committed to . 
   how do you think that the eu can stand strong with the brexit , but still manage to make sure that british citizens wo n't be fucked over ? 
  the eu can survive the uk leaving by being pragmatic and taking advantage of the opportunities it presents . 
  if it tries to use its weight to make the process painful , it 's going to get hurt ( and no-one wants that ) . 
  realistically it needs to realise that the uk is n't leaving to harm the eu , or because it hates the eu , or because of racism , xenophobia or isolationism , it is a difference in fundamental aims . 
  that 's not a bad thing , and it means we can and should be able to re-calibrate our relationship in a way that allows the eu to continue to develop and the uk to do its own thing . 
  essentially i think it 'd be a mistake to think that either the uk is going to suffer considerably ( it is n't ) or that the eu will be weakened if the uk does n't suffer ( it wo n't ) . 
  this can be mutually beneficial , and making sure that eu citizens in the uk , and indeed uk citizens in the eu are in a safe and secure state at the end of the negotiations is part and parcel of that . 
  it 's not getting ` increasingly hard to leave ' it 's still entirely about process . 
   that sounds much more reasonable , sorry i was thinking that the cta was a mere border thing with ireland , not encompassing other rights . 
  it 's actually quite an interesting thing , it 's part of a whole slew of slightly odd conditions that grew out of irish independence . 
   this makes the whole question of the irish border really a non-issue with the eu , though i still wonder ( and worry ) about the current eu ( non british ) citizens working in the uk . 
  the fear really should be about whether the eu would consider it an issue , which is unlikely unless ireland joins the schengen area , and somewhat unlikely even then . 
  you really do n't want to be the party responsible for imposing a border between two states , with the history that the roi and ni have , when neither side supports it . .  i still wonder ( and worry ) about the current eu ( non british ) citizens working in the uk . 
  will their rights be maintained ? 
  or could there be an exclusion of eu workers from the uk ( which seems dangerous to do from my perspective ) ? 
  the short and honest answer is that we do n't know . 
  the sane thing to do , from both an eu and uk perspective would be to either grant them an immigration status that allows them the same rights they have now , and make sure the same applies to those uk residents abroad . 
  it might well be tapered somewhat ( you may see less restrictions on someone who has been in the uk for x amount of time , probably from the date of the referendum than someone who has been in the uk for less - and again , the same in the eu ) but i ca n't see anyone actively excluding or deporting eu workers already in the eu . 
  even then i would n't get too excited , the amount of movement and the apparent volatility is going to remain until the exit negotiations are well underway and we have some notion of the direction . . 
  one of my kids is currently struggling with some sounds so i 've got him repeating kirche , k\u00fcche , kuchen , kaufen , kirschen . . 
   it also opens up a way for eu citizens to get into the uk via ireland , unless of course you establish border checks . 
  the cta rights would only apply to irish nationals ( and they have extra rights , above and beyond what eu citizens have in the uk anyway ) , any eu citizen ( or indeed any non-eu citizen on the relevant visa ) transiting through ireland would still not have the right to live , work or do anything else that they are n't permitted to do . 
  essentially , whilst they might not get stopped at the border , it 'd be as open as any visa free travel arrangement . 
  if it became a problem ( which seems unlikely ) then the uk and ireland might have to address it . . 
  it may well be , the shading is in line with the post-brexit growth predictions from most of the usual suspects . 
  why ? 
  i would n't even know how to go about bribing someone for a basic service . . 
  most of that is pretty automatic and increasingly online too . 
   as well as russian car insurance is your insurance usually valid in other eu states ? 
  i have to let mine know which countries we 'll be travelling in and they charge ( not a huge amount . . ) for that . . 
   perhaps i 'm projecting myself on too many other tory voters . 
  you are n't alone ( anecdotally ) but i bet you are in a small minority . 
   i 'm not sure the tories could call a general election and survive it . 
  they would almost certainly come out of an election far stronger than they are now , which ( depending on your particular political position ) might well be a very bad thing . .  right now it 's mid term , and i bet they 've lost a huge portion their remain crowd - this is not enough to hold up against labour or the lib dems . 
  i do n't think that 's likely either . 
  some small proportion of voters might shift toward the lib dems , but labour support is pretty dismal right now ( and they have said they will respect the referendum outcome ) and support for the tories actually seems to be fairly strong . 
  that said :  i 'm certain the tories wont push a general election . 
  i 'd agree , but mostly because they have a guaranteed period of governance now , and a very decent chance of winning the next general election anyway . 
  the point there would be that parliament voted to have a referendum because it decided it could n't decide without a referendum . . now that it has that information it can go ahead . . 
  no-one is suggesting ( well , no-one in government or the judiciary . . ) that the uk not do anything with the result , the argument is about who can act on the result and how . 
  the government would like to simply start the exit process , this court case has been about whether it needs permission from parliament to do that . 
  that 's not that unreasonable a question to ask and frankly any answer will be about how the uk needs to approach leaving . 
   i have trouble with this concept . 
  it 's really quite simple , there is no legal imperative to follow the result of a referendum , parliament is sovereign , it can do what it likes . 
  however as with lots of things in the uk , it 'd be unlikely that it does n't follow the advice given . 
  a surprising amount of what the uk government does is n't codified in statute law , it is based on precedent , custom and tradition , that tends to change slowly and means you have things that can happen in theory , that ca n't really happen in practice without forcing someone to act to prevent it . .  also , from my view of the legal process was never about if a referendum is legally binding . 
  it 's not . 
  the court is n't being asked to rule on whether the uk can leave the eu , but rather who has the authority to trigger article 50 and by what mechanism . 
  i 'm willing to bet a large portion of the us electorate would too ... 
  not even close mate , not even close . 
  the uk is down to abound 21k , the us is down to around 30k , the german army has a strength of around 59k . 
  so yeah , quite close , although that fluctuates to a certain degree and is being reduced . . 
  it 's probably also worth noting that there is pre-positioned kit in germany that belongs to the uk and us too , so both could ramp up their numbers quite quickly and still equip and support them . . 
  the uk and us currently have almost as many soldiers in germany between them as germany does , and that 's after massive reductions ( and it 's getting smaller ) . 
  germany , as a consequence of both wwii and the cold war , saw a massive amount of external support , if only because it was the likely place for a nato/ussr clash , and in a climate where at least for a significant period , a lot of countries preferred to see germany without a large military capability . 
  you are right in saying that germany does n't have any interests in force projection at present , but it 's also probably true to say that the level of defensive capability is below what you 'd expect especially given germany 's role in the eu and nato , and i 'd probably also argue that germany is n't getting great value for money in terms of what it does spend . 
  whether there is a real threat and whether massively increased spending is justifiable is and should remain an issue for germany and the german government though , but it needs to have one eye on its treaty partners too . 
   so stop with the bullshit of `` hurr durr better federalize fast or russia 's gon na get ya ! '', 
  it 's fucking dumb . 
  crisis driven political development in the eu ? 
  that seems unlikely ... 
   i ` am actually a bit shocked i 've only met one brit that spoke german and it was not very well . 
  the cliche that brits are lazy when it comes to foreign languages turned out to be true for me . 
  it never bothered me much because i like speaking english . 
  the issue is that it 's easy to get by on english , so you do n't quite have the same imperatives to learn another language . 
  that said , a decent chunk of the expat community in places like germany and france seem to be able to speak the local languages well ( not so much in spain in my experience , but hey . . ) . 
  it 's also a pain in the arse switching between languages if you do n't use them for a while , i try to listen to german radio and read german papers regularly , but it 's not quite the same and whenever i go to germany it takes a good day and a bit to get back into it , more after a longer time away , and anything even vaguely specialist ( like going to the bank ... ) is harder again . 
  that 's arguably worse than just speaking english . . 
  i speak reasonably neutral , accent free german , but end up losing words here and there , which makes me look stupid rather than foreign , which in turn tends to mean less sympathy ( unless i pull out the ' i normally speak english card . . ' ) . 
   it seemed to me that in gb a council or something have to authorise donations is that true ? 
  it 's decently regulated and you have to report donations within a reasonably low threshold with information to support where it came from , and you have to report spending ( both general and again , more specifically for campaigns ) . 
  that all goes to the regulator ( they do n't have to authorise donations , but can and do act ( and indeed seize ) un/incorrectly reported donations . 
  i sort of assume that ' t eh norm in most places , but the very open way that data is available means it 's not just the regulator looking at the data . 
   i ` am just a bit curious why does a brit speak german ? 
  not to shock you , but i speak french too , and can count in cantonese and a few other bits and pieces . 
  i spent ( and spend . . ) a fair amount of time in germany ( and have family there ) and elsewhere . 
  on those , i 'd echo the first comment , - interessant w\u00e4re wie viel und von wem die afd spenden erh\u00e4lt - i do n't know if you looked at the uk data , but it 's noticeable that in terms of access to information that the uk seems to be doing a good job ( better in some areas , worse in others . . ) , in a way its a recent thing , but it starts to feel odd when you ca n't easily get at the same data for other open states , dealing with badly scanned documents and such is such a waste of time ( especially when whatever it is started life as a digital document , got printed and then badly scanned . . ) . 
  its so much easier to keep things on the level when it 's easy for people to go and look , and especially if people can spot issues . . 
   do you speak german ? 
  indeed i do !, 
   what would be a good source for you your good data ? 
  something comparable to [ the uk 's election spending/loans/account search ] ( http://search.electoralcommission.org.uk/search/loans?currentpage=1&amp;rows=10&amp;sort=loanparticipanttype&amp;order=asc&amp;tab=1&amp;open=filter&amp;et=pp&amp;loanstatus=outstanding&amp;loanstatus=ended&amp;optcols=campaigningname&amp;optcols=companyregistrationnumber&amp;optcols=postcode&amp;optcols=rateofinterestdescription&amp;optcols=amountrepaid&amp;optcols=amountconverted&amp;optcols=amountoutstanding&amp;optcols=enddate&amp;optcols=daterepaid&amp;optcols=dateeclastnotified&amp;optcols=isreportedprepoll&amp;optcols=reportingperiodname&amp;optcols=isaggregation ) would be good , but anything that details loans and donations really . 
  i mean it seems obvious that the russian government is n't going to be handing out cheques from ` putin and co ' but you 'd assume there 'd be some corporate or ngo body that had some links to russia along the way . 
   would it really be in the russian interest to have fundamental links to them ? 
  no , of course not , but for money to be useful to political parties they have to be able to spend it ( otherwise it 's just straight up corruption and bribery i suppose . . ) , which would make it a little harder in a regulated space . 
   they want that they have representetives that see russia as an alternative to the us . 
  do they ? 
  i 'd assume russia would prefer to simply see isolation and a break down of supportive relationships - the uk leaving the eu sort of does that by weakening the eu and leaving the uk outside of it , but the uk and eu are n't going to change their foreign policy around it . 
   i do feel that , while the uk is certainly skeptic towards the eu , this vote had little to do with that and more to do with a general anti-establishment vote . 
  that 's a view that has been repeated a lot , but i 'm honestly not sure how accurate it is . 
  i voted leave , but the biggest driver was the feeling that there would n't be another chance to do so ( so the reform options were much weaker ) and no other way to show opposition to eu membership . 
  i 'd add that my position changed over the last four years from mildly sceptical but for remaining in the eu , to feeling that on balance , leaving was the right move . 
  i honestly do n't think i 'm in a minority there ...  and that in turn is about the national governments , because as things stand , the eu is nowhere as powerful and dictating as populists like to describe it ( unless you get to extreme situations where there 's no real precedent or legislation , like the greek debt crisis ) . 
  that is true to a certain extent , but it 's still an issue with the eu . 
  the eu facilitates policy shopping , it allows governments to push unpopular positions off and then blame someone else , but that 's how it works . 
  if you ca n't hold the eu to account in the same way , and you do n't have many options domestically ( because most parties support the eu for example ) that is n't great . 
  and of course there are real issues with the eu too , the greek crisis is one , but many are smaller , or more complex or just outright structural . 
  there are a lot of very legitimate reasons to think the uk would be better off outside of the eu , to assume that those legitimate reasons took a back seat to an emotional anti-establishment response is false . 
  the more worrying thing is probably the immigration argument , i think immigration is a good thing , i think a decent number of people in the uk would agree , but the the issues raised round free movement ( and indeed the unwillingness of any of the major parties to really defend it ) are now really problematic .
