  for example , it is widely expected that the lib dems will be able to win back several of their traditional london seats which were lost to the conservatives in 2015 . 
  true , but they tend to have that depth in a few areas and it takes a lot ( like the 2010 ge , and as much as i do n't really like him , nick helped a lot there . . ) to push the areas where they are just behind across the line . 
  lib dem support is broad , but not deep , its the same problem ukip had ( although it looks like ukip are about to run into bigger problems ... ) . 
  i can absolutely see the lib dems increasing their vote share from the polling currently , but i doubt it 'll translate into seats . . that might change as the campaign goes on of course . 
  polling has them on about 8 iirc . 
   look at the uk , it is pretty obvious that living standards and protections are on a downhill slide while in the eu there has been a very clear raise in standards . 
  seriously ? 
  there are countries in the eu that have done better , there are countries in the eu that have done less well than the uk . 
  the uk is n't on some downhill slide , it has a conservative government with a different set of priorities ( not ones that i happen to agree with , but hey ) and every single cut has been carried out within the framework of the eu , and a lot of the progress the uk has made on protections over the last few years has been done without direction from the eu . . 
  the idea that the eu is the protector of living standards or human rights is frankly a bit absurd , we all fought for those and we have to fight to keep them . 
  look at countries like greece ( just the most startling example , not the only one ... ) and tell me that the eu has been responsible for a rise in living standards or the maintenance of protections . 
  to a certain extent ( like when it gives you the day off , or it 's a national day etc. . ) , but places like the uk , where religion is still arguably very visible , it has become a more cultural thing than a matter of faith . 
  you will find people attending certain church events , not because they are religious , but because it is tied into something else ( whether that 's a wedding , funeral , st georges day service/parade , remembrance sunday service etc. ), 
  and obviously there is all the legacy stuff , like sundays in general being a non/reduced-work day for most ( non-retail ... ) workers etc. . 
  there are also lots of local quirks , like maypoles and [ well dressing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/well_dressing ) which have pagan or other roots and get appropriated by religion at some points , then become more civic etc. . 
  given the sheer amount of churches and intermingled ` things ' that exist , and the lack of separation between church and state ( in the uk at least . . ) it 's to be expected really . 
  * edit - those strange catholic countries might take things a little more seriously though , and the french , well , they have a different approach altogether * . 
  you might also want to make it clear when asking what news sources you follow on social media/tv you watch etc. . , that you want people to exclude non-domestic ones before asking later about ` foreign ' services . 
  i 'd assume that a lot of people do n't see them as a different category until asked to differentiate . . 
   the only reason you guys in the uk do n't recognize how dangerous a behavior this is , is the fact that you were lucky enough to never live under an autocratic regime before . 
  indeed , but we have traditionally handed the power to call elections to the government , it 's only recently that we 've had fixed term parliaments ( and in this case approval came across the parties and by a large majority ) . 
  the ability to call an election at any time is essentially a built in thing when you have parliamentary sovereignty , because it 'd be hard to constrain . . 
  it 's an interesting notion , but i think he misses the point . 
  it 's not about the eu , it 's about making it harder for the opposition to have an impact - * `` for those sitting around the table in brussels , this is an irrelevance . 
  '' * but for those sitting in westminster it is n't . 
  if this election goes as it seems it might then may will have the domestic clout to push for whatever she wants to push for and not have to worry about dissenters in her own party . 
  it means she can pass whatever legislation she needs for whatever brexit she wants ( well , to a certain degree . . ) not tempered by labour or the lib dems . 
  that 's not a good thing for non conservative voting brits , whether leave or remain , but it 's certainly good for her and will strengthen her hand in the sense that she wo n't be looking over her shoulder when she tries to play it . 
  labours collapse could n't have come at a worse time . 
  about the only silver lining if things do go the way they seem to be , is that the eu exit will be an exit , and is n't likely to be some half arsed redux of membership under a different name . 
   you mean , if you were to have a general election with two of the major parties being absolutely identical and having as a sole difference one wantign to leave and one to remain . 
  essentially . 
   but that is not the case , is it ? 
  both major parties wanted to remain , so the whole point being made , as i see it , is completely irrelevant . 
  it is irrelevant . 
  that said , some people are suggesting that a party fighting the election on the basis that the uk would n't leave the eu might be able to pull in a significant proportion of those that voted remain in the referendum , and so would do very well . 
  the reality is that they likely would n't do well enough to get a majority ( and realistically would likely do a lot worse , because they are n't going to get close to having all the remain voters voting for them . . ) . 
   both major parties wanted to remain , so the whole point being made , as i see it , is completely irrelevant . 
  indeed , although neither labour nor the conservatives will be running on that basis and even the lib dems seem to have pivoted again to a ` softer brexit ' stance , rather than a remain stance . 
  in short though , it comes down to the fact that you ca n't really use the referendum as a guide to the election , and that the issues are far more complex than remaining or leaving the eu ( and i 'd assume that the eu will , as it usually is , be far less important to most people than a slew of other issues . . ) . 
   i still do n't see why the referendum should have been run on constituencies rather than the number of votes , since in the end the vote was for , as you say , yes or no and not to put in place people in seats . 
  no one is saying it should have been , all that is being said is that in the context of remain and leave voters , if they voted purely on leave and remain issues in a ge , the leave ` party ' would win by a much larger proportion of seats than is apparent from the percentage of the vote . 
  the point being that even if all the ` remain ' voters stuck together and voted to veto leaving the eu , leave voters doing the same would get a much , much larger share of the seats . 
  or to put it another way , using the referendum as a guide to suggest the two sides are close in electoral terms is false , and the chances of this election ` overturning ' the referendum are essentially nil . 
  yeah , me too . . 
  hmm ... angela merkel well that 's interesting . 
  it does n't matter in the context of the referendum , it matters in the context of a general election . 
  if you had a party that got 52 % of the vote , by getting a small majority in 70 % of the constituencies contested , vs a part that got 48 % of the vote , by getting ( presumably much larger majorities ) in 30 % of the constituencies contested , then that 52 % would equate to 70 % of the seats , and the 48 % would get the other party 30 % of the seats . 
  to put it another way , the referendum was close , because it was a straight yes no vote , with the majority winning , the general election will be run on a constituency by constituency basis . 
  if the referendum were run in that way ( and of course it would n't be . . ) , the result would n't have been close at all . 
  that 's because german exports are cheaper than what they would be if germany had a free floating currency of its own . . that 's essentially the point . 
  apart from the fact that they are competing in parliamentary elections for the uk ( as well as local and scottish parliament elections . . ) they have more seats than quite a few parties that compete nationally ( greens , lib dems , greens etc. . ) so it 'd not really make sense to exclude them . . 
  the issue at the moment is less about policy and more about the perception of competence which has been disastrously harmed by the combination of the current leader and the reaction to him by the majority of elected labour mps . . 
  low compared to much of the eu , a little lower than in the us in terms of tax burden and mostly progressive . 
  that 's a bizarre notion , of course the uk has a say in any deal , it has to agree to it at the very least . . 
  yeah , not that anyone was expecting much else , but this really does n't seem to bode terribly well for turkish democracy . 
   having a preference is one thing but how strong and for what reason ? 
  broadly a weak preference ( in that it was n't a high priority ) and a variety of different reasons ...  it seemed pretty clear to me that many leave voters , voted that way due to local issues that had nothing to do with the eu whatsoever . 
  i 'm not sure it was particularly and anti-westminster vote , although there was a bit of an anti-politician vote ( aimed at both the eu and westminster ) . 
  but again , there were a lot of different drivers , some valid , some less so , and on both sides of the issue . 
   it was n't that long ago that leaving the eu was little more than a pipe dream and joining the euro was the main eu related issue in the uk . 
  you 'd be right to say that not long ago , leaving the eu was seen as a political impossibility , no-one was offering it , but then again joining the euro was pretty much a non starter too , there was little to no support . 
  even at the height of labours popularity there was n't enough support to push it through . 
   it was mainly brought up by parties like the bnp which most people do n't want to be associated with . 
  that is n't true . 
  you 've had sections of both the conservative and labour party who were anti-eu , they were just never the controlling factions . 
  on the harder left and harder right there has always been an anti-eu preference ( on the right for reasons around immigration , nationalism and the ability to legislate on areas that were under eu control , and on the left for reasons of anti-globalisation , anti-capitalism , internationalism , the idea that the eu is broadly hostile to the ` global south ' and the ability to legislate on areas that were under eu control . . 
  however , broadly the major parties platforms were pro-eu , so if you wanted sane health , education , defence , transport and other policies , you had little choice . 
   while there were other parties like ukip , the referendum party and veritas their support was incredibly low . 
  indeed , and quite self-destructive . 
  that 's what i was talking about in terms of there being little political choice , no real options to express an anti-eu view ( especially recently ) at the ballot box , without also voting for parties that were pretty problematic . 
  that meant people felt disconnected and not listened to on the issue . . not positive for the eu and a good culture to grow scepticism in , quite correctly . .  while the press were eurosceptic and politicians tried everything not to appear to be too nice on europe . . 
  it was n't a high priority , and no-one in the centre of politics would stand up for it , but a lot of people were euro-sceptic . 
  you would not be surprised to find someone in favour of leaving the eu , and even less surprised to find people who were critical of it . 
   it has less support in the uk than it does in many other developed countries ... 
  it is pretty clear that the uk has the opposite agenda as shown by the ban last year . 
  yes . . 
  but there is quite a bit of popular support for it . . 47 % of people in the uk would like to see legalisation , 39 % do n't . . 
  it 's not a fringe issue ( again , you do n't have to look far to find people who support legalisation , and many of them in the centre ground when it comes to politics , but you 'd have to look quite hard to find a major party supporting it . . ) . 
   there are or at least use to be many people who would say yes in a poll to pretty much any referendum ... that 's slightly misleading though , essentially that 's polling to suggest that people would like to have a say in things , but broadly people do n't call for them , and the uk does n't have them on minor issues . .  personally , i was against it when it was first announced so you ca n't accuse me of opposing it just because i did n't get the result that i wanted . 
  you 'll note i have n't . .  it was david cameron who pushed for it and he managed to convince people from other parties to vote for it . . 
  the point is that our representatives , the ones we elected , overwhelmingly voted to give people a choice on this issue , in part because one side of the argument was poorly represented . 
  in democratic terms that seems like a net positive . 
  you could of course argue that they failed in their primary duty , and instead we should have had a ` leave the eu ' bill with the attendant lobbying and consultation instead , but i 'm not sure that would have fixed the underlying issues . .  not really , david cameron announced his intentions about 3 years before announcing the date that it was going to be held . 
  during that period there was little debate and the only real major debate was the clegg v farage thing during the european elections ... that 's not how i saw it in the uk , although of course my view will likely be different from other peoples . . 
  the issue started to come up in lots of related areas ( doing some work in ttip it came up again and again . . ) , there was certainly more focus on europe , people became more aware of what was going on and informed themselves about the eu ( which both helped cement opposition and support ... ) . 
  the noise levels grew at the end , but the discussion seemed to start much , much earlier . 
   ukip always did that but it was only then that they had enough support to do that . 
  however the eu was n't in the top issues for many ukip voters . 
  i 'd argue that for ukip voters , the eu was the top issue across the board . 
  ukip tried to tie everything into the eu , even in local elections . . 
  it was all about the eu , all the time ... 
  i 'd also argue that the eu was the only sensible position that ukip had to attract voters from other parties , without the eu , ukip was just bnp light . 
  frankly it 'll be interesting to see where ukip goes without the eu as a central issue to tie things to . .  to be honest they are pretty low in many countries so it is n't just a uk problem . 
  people do n't really have a strong enough reason to care about these elections as such do n't vote . 
  that 's not an argument against my point though , it 's arguably an argument that it 's valid in more countries than just the uk . 
  you are right though , most people did n't care enough about these elections to vote , they did n't see that they had any influence at the eu level , and did n't really see governments representing their views at the eu level either . 
  at that point , why vote ...  ukip do much better in them because so few people bother to vote and they spent so much time and effort in marketing themselves during them while other parties do n't . 
  absolutely , and they could get their core vote out . . 
  it also helped that the ep elections were more proportional and over a wider region .
