  indeed , and who needs cocoa or chocolate ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ need ^ ^ chocolate . . 
  had n't you heard ? 
  it 's all apparently the same thing now apparently . 
   surely will teach those pesky brexiters and trump supporters that they 're wrong !!, 
  not sure what this has to do with people who support the uk leaving the eu . . 
  i 'd assume that the vast majority of them do n't find trump terribly attractive politically or otherwise ( bar farage obviously , but then there is no accounting for taste ) . 
   lets just censor them . . 
  i suppose the point here is that this does n't censor trump , he can still say , and will no doubt actually say whatever he wants to say whilst he 's in the uk . 
  this is n't the equivalent of ` no-platforming ' him , this is not giving him a pretty major honour . 
  i 'm sure he 'll have the opportunity to make lots of speeches whilst he 's in the uk . 
   would it really be settled once and for all ? 
  no , it likely would n't , but it would presumably show that there is a political and legitimate route toward independence if there is majority support at some point . 
   if the independence movement loses the vote they will try again un a few years ( like the scottish and quebec ones do ) yes , although probably not in a few years , every decade or longer though probably . 
  and why not , it 's not as though self-determination is something that can only be exercised once , once or twice in a generation seems reasonable if there is a demand for it . 
  exactly right . 
  it is simply wrong that there is no political route available to those who want independence . 
  when there is no possibility of change within the political system then people are going to look at ways to do it outside of that framework , either via a referendum that is n't recognised by spain or simply a unilateral declaration . 
  providing a political option would open more doors than it closes and might well lead to a mutually acceptable scenario being arrived at . 
  given the values that we all claim to have , the professed support of democracy etc. . 
  it is frankly wrong that the fundamental right to self-determination remains to be unavailable to catalonia . 
  if it has , they can push for another referendum . 
  right now however it seems that appetite for another referendum is pretty low and support for independence lower than it was the last time . 
  obviously it 's up to the scots to decide , but it does n't seem very obvious that the motivation has changed significantly . 
   agreed . 
  my point is not that `` all homosexuals can not make good parents '' but rather that `` all other things being equal heterosexual couples make better parents '' . 
  i 'd actually suggest taking the sexual orientation out of it ( mixed-sex vs same-sex ) given that the issue appears to be about having people of different genders involved . . 
  but yeah , it comes down to a huge mix of factors ( and of course you now have three way parenting splits too , whether that 's same sex couples + an additional parent , split families and so on . 
   there 's also the headline grabbing extreme cases where lgbt parents have forced their children to be lgbt . 
  which yes are extreme and extraordinarily rare cases , but they stick in the minds of the public . 
  i think that 's a bit of a misnomer , firstly any critical examination would suggest that you ca n't force someone to be lgbt any more than you can force someone to be straight , and it 's essentially just bad parenting . 
  that said you are right that that kind of reporting ( and reporting it as though it 's an actual issue , rather than poor parenting ) is unfortunate , but somewhat to be expected given where some of the media go at times . 
  as i understand it there generally are weighted factors , including factors that you generally ca n't discriminate against in other areas ( race , religion , age etc. . ) in that context , the outright ban of same-sex adoptions in some places seems to be based not on some rational thought process , but social stigma ... 
  the uk has biscuits brown , no need for what is very likely foreign chocolate cake . . 
  i 'd broadly agree with you , if the eu were in a position where it had even the possibility of having european troops this whole discussion would be moot . 
  unfortunately that seems a very , very long way away . 
  for the eu to integrate in the way you suggest , you do need most eu citizens to feel european and to feel that the eu represents them positively ( and that they have a say and some control over the running and direction of the eu as a whole , not just a part say ) . 
  the issue should be capability , rather than using spending and gdp as a proxy , unfortunately it 's much harder to quantify ( although you can make the case that long term under/overinvestment has a much bigger impact than anything else on capabilities than almost anything else . . ) . 
  you ca n't separate the expeditionary element from the defensive element without duplicating a fair amount of capability though . 
  the issue is that the countries retaining their expeditionary forces would see almost no benefit from a pooled defensive military over their independent capabilities , and potentially a cost increase , they are also the ones most likely to have an existing capability and fewer political barriers to military spending . 
  all in , this seems like a cost cutting exercise that would diminish eu military capabilities ( and do very little to support eu foreign policy . . ) , or rather give individual member states an excuse to further reduce their military capacity . . 
   but the uk is much worse because it 's not actually a real democracy . 
  it 's as real a democracy as any other ...  it 's not like you 'd be able to vote for a new king or queen who would candidate on a surveillance revision platform , giving a democracy a chance to readjust power as needed . 
  no , but then in the uk the powers of kings and queens have been broadly handed to parliament , so you would n't need to , you 'd instead vote for a party that opposed it , and if such a party got enough votes , change the law . 
   the uk is in the hands of a few dynasties of old power , everything they establish as policy is meant to do nothing more than secure that power , by securing it away from the people . 
  no more than any other modern democracy . 
  if anything , the uk does quite well in that regard . 
   these incisive espionage measures in the lives of all brits , are meant to remove the very ability of the people to revolt by communicating and conspiring to challenge authority and the ruling class , against the very use of broad mining of private data for early detection in the formation of antiestablishment currents by extinguishing them in the very early stages by taking advantage of exceptional and unprecedented means to discredit opinion leaders and movements trough this new policy of total control of data dissemination on absolutely all platforms . 
  if that 's the case , they are doing a pretty appalling job , i mean i 'm not sure about you , but i just saw a government defeated in a fairly major referendum . . you are right though , the uk government is targeting ideas and the spread of ideas with some of its anti-terrorism legislation ( again , so are lots of eu states , and many , like germany did so well before terrorism became an issue ) which is why transparency and oversight are important , and of course why the balance on surveillance needs to shift quite a long way back toward privacy . 
  the uk is going in a direction i do n't much like at the moment , but not to the extent that you suggest by a long way , arguably there has always been an element of state sponsored , or establishment repression of various ideas and activism , but i do n't think that 's actively getting worse , quite the reverse , it 's better now than it was 30-40 years ago . 
  that said , the tools that could make that a lot worse are getting better now though , sure the uk could n't emulate a stasi style approach to surveillance , but it could get a long way toward it with the technology that now exists . 
  and that is the current fight , that is why there has to be oversight , why surveillance has to be proportional and targeted . 
  but this is an argument that is being had in rather a lot of places , see the german response to the ec data retention rules , or indeed the approach to data sharing . 
   it can throw it 's weight around politically and economically . 
  it can certainly try , but to the point of ` protecting its citizens in the uk ' ? 
  not a chance . 
   just have a look at how they reacted to the way russians treat the ukrainians which are merely prospective citizens . 
  not very effectively ? 
  i mean granted the eu was able to put sanctions together against russia because it had broad international support . 
  but frankly if just the uk dropped those sanctions the eu regime would be less than useful . . how do envisage the eu taking on the role of russia and somehow convincing other to support it ? 
  the eu is a decently sized bloc , it has a lot of potential , but right now it does n't seem capable of using the soft power it has , and lacks hard power . 
  the idea that it would try to ` crimea ' the uk is beyond absurd . 
  i have to say that whilst i agree with you the the various measures that the uk government has put in place on data retention and intercept , it 's actually not unique even in the eu ( see the italian approach ) . . you might be conflating the international intercept efforts of gchq with domestic policy , but even then . . 
  this issue of excessive surveillance is n't just a uk one , it is much wider than that , and it 's something that will get worse as more pressure is brought to bear . 
  as to the rest of your comment ... it 's broadly bollocks , largely because the eu is n't in a position to intervene and is unlikely to be in such a position for a very long time . 
  wow . . at that point someone is just taking the piss ... 
  interesting , seems quite similar to the various other ` guru ' style get rich quick schemes , and ` buying ' access to secret wisdom . 
  i do wonder if that came first though , it seems far too convoluted to have started out as a money making scheme and seems more like a conspiracy theory that various people started monetising . 
  i 'm somewhat amazed that this theory , with very similar elements is alive in at least 5 different countries with different legal and constitutional foundations , different systems of government and very different histories . 
  not to mention that it takes an extreme amount of mental gymnastics for the theory to actually make sense . 
  i 'd assume it was a scam geared toward making someone money if it were n't for the fact that i ca n't quite figure out how you 'd monetise it . . 
  and other countries did similar things ( officially and unofficially ) you have issues around security clearances for anyone suspected of homosexuality , locking them out of jobs ( even after legalisation in quite a few countries ) and then kind of ` do n't ask do n't tell ' style approaches that the us took . 
  still , at leas that seems to be getting better in the developed world . 
  to be fair , you did n't implement it later ( quite a few places did . . ) , you have to remember that some of this stuck around until the late 60s , or later with people still legislating in what would be seen as a negative way , at around that time . 
  to be fair , iirc poland is one of the few countries that did n't have this kind of legislation , which is pretty impressive !, 
  wwi and wwii were hardly fought for the the future eu , and peace in europe does n't depend on the eu either . . not wanting to be part of a political project is a perfectly valid expression of the political freedom that the uk has managed to keep hold of though . 
  i 'd argue that there is actually a very small amount of overlap when it comes to the latter , and more when it comes to the former , but that there are n't a lot of people in the uk especially who like trump in the first place ( similar numbers to those who are hardcore ` kippers perhaps , with some of the even more right wing types in there too ) . 
  but again , under the uk system a majority in government provides pretty much the same mandate for change , if not a greater one ( referendums are advisory , the government can generally legislate without issue on policy in its manifesto ) . 
  in short , whilst referendums in other countries might be on things like constitutional reform and so not things that government can legislate on normally , in the uk they are normally about telling the government to do something that they can already do . 
  take the 1975 ec referendum , it was n't a referendum on joining the bloc ( the uk had already joined ) it was simply a confirmation , in short the government was able to take the country into a union without a referendum , and it could have taken it out without one too . 
  my point is n't that referendums do n't drive significant change , but rather that under the uk system , they do n't create powers to change more than the government could normally change anyway . 
  at that point getting 50 % in a nationwide poll is already massively more than you 'd need for a majority government . . 
  why on earth not ? 
  and it 'll continue to be . . 
  nothing is going to change the relationship between gibraltar and the uk ( or gibraltar and spain ) unless people in gibraltar want it too , and as much as they are pro-eu , they do n't seem to be terribly keen on becoming part of spain to remain part of it . 
  there is more chance of andalusian seceding from spain than of gibraltar deciding it 'd join . . 
  although all things can change with time of course . 
  the annoying thing is that lots of people are suddenly making the assumption that the reverse is true too ( that lots of people who support brexit would also support trump . . ) . 
  the attempt to make everything fit into one of just two sides is really annoying . . 
  out of interest , why would it be superior in this case ? 
  instead of less than 50 % of the population being annoyed that they lost a referendum , more than 50 % would be annoyed that they were in a majority and still did n't get the change they indicated they wanted ... 
  given a majority government could , with the right support in parliament , have removed the uk from the eu ( or fully privatised the nhs , scrapped the independent nuclear deterrent or mandated that esperanto be taught in schools for that matter ... ) it does n't really make sense to require a super-majority . . 
  it sort of makes sense in countries with other systems ( where you have convoluted processes for amending constitutions and so on . . ) but even in those you can do a lot with a simple government majority , often based of a much smaller number of votes on a huge number of issues . . 
  a super-majority is where you require more than 50 % , 55 % qualifies , as does 75 % so 60 % is arbitrary ( although two thirds , and 60 % are both common . . ) . 
  that said , i think it 'd have been somewhat difficult to justify given the perception that the government was trying to fix the result in any case and that other referendums , including the one that confirmed entry into what would become the eu did n't require a super-majority . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that even in ireland , support in the short term for unification is reasonably low ( with more support if you suggest a much more distant unification . . ) . 
  it 's not legacy , exactly the same issues apply in terms of interconnects between isps , although they do n't have the same roaming issues . . as a customer of isp1 you ca n't suddenly use isp2 's network instead . 
  or you 'd end up in a weird situation where you have subsidy issues and competition problems ( a french carriers german subsidiary offering better pricing to their parent company to offset the cost of roaming . . ) . 
  its quite interesting , but given there are issues around infrastructure and spectrum ownership the only way this works is either for companies to have a presence across all of the eu or for some sort of mandatory unbundling for local providers . . 
  i 'm sure there is a way to do it , just not one that looks simple as long as companies are paying different wages , taxes and have different incentives in different member states .
