  given how eu competencies are set out ( especially in the context of mixed agreements . . ) that makes the eu quite weak in terms of negotiating position . 
  you could absolutely make the argument that the uk will be in a far better negotiating position on its own than as one voice among 27 , never mind the issue of the eu seemingly becoming less and less able to actually deliver on the complex agreements it claims to want , and the benefits of those agreements appearing to be marginal at best . 
  or you comply with eu legislation on financial services when they are offered within the eu , ( and us legislation on financial services when offered in the us , chinese in china and so on . . ) , but do n't apply eu rules to your entire financial sector when it comes to domestic provision . . 
  the rise of polish supermarkets in the uk has been a bit of a godsend in this regard , suddenly you can buy decent bread ( or rather , a decent variety of decent bread . . ) at sensible prices . . now if my local one can get a little bigger and have a decent sized butcher attached i 'll be a very happy person . 
   i don \u00b4 t care why you guys left ; actually you guys didn \u00b4 t left yet , and actually you guys wheren \u00b4 t in , in the first place . 
  that 's one hell of sentence . 
  you do n't care why we are leaving , and we have n't actually left yet , and apparently we are already out ? 
  i understand that people might not support the uk leaving the eu , or that the uk was never that keen on integration , but surely you realise that the uk is in the eu , is leaving the eu and that there are quite a lot of reasons for the uk leaving , none of which relate to russia or russian influence ...  i think it \u00b4 s obvious the moscow policy to finance everything that divides europe ... 
  i 'm sure you are right , and moscow no doubt sees a weakening of european powers and especially nato as a good thing . 
  but just because moscow wants something does n't mean it is responsible for anything you perceive as aligning with that . 
  if you think russia is somehow the force behind brexit then you are frankly delusional or trying to find a nice simple reason that makes sense to you , but ignores the actual situation in the uk and eu . .  the uk was an easy target if they had anything to do with the referendum which there is nothing to suggest that they did at all . . ukip has been around for a long time , euroscepticism on the left and right , in the labour party and the conservative party has been around for a very long time . 
  its a political issue in the uk and the eu , even amongst remainers has never been terribly popular as political project . 
  if you are concerned about russian influence , the uk is probably the last place in europe you need to look , the uk has had pretty stormy relations with russia for a long time , maintains a nuclear deterrent essentially because of russia , is in nato , has troops in the baltic states ( and very large numbers of troops in europe to face off against the warsaw pact for a very long time before that ) . 
  russia has n't somehow managed to turn opinion , or exert influence , the issues the uk has with the eu are because of the uk and eu . . 
  the first part was accurate , the second part i 'd question hence the response . 
  frankly , countering the notion that the eu is somehow a benevolent and altruistic grouping of nations working in solidarity is pretty important for anyone concerned about euro-scepticism . . 
  it 's a narrative that 's been abused enough . . its a bit like the whole slower growth vs a shrinking economy thing , they are important issues , they need to be talked about and dealt with , but there is so much duff information out there the discussions get farcical quite quickly . . 
   the eu budget is also way way less than the uk budget and the eu has to think about 28 different countries . 
  of course !, 
  and spending priorities are across those 28 countries too , that 's entirely reasonable . 
  the eu could n't ( currently , or likely in the future if it ever federalises ) replace the spending that uk national , regional or local government carries out . 
   if the budgets were reversed , i bet you the eu would give more than the uk government does . 
  i see no reason to assume that would be the case , there is no particularly altruistic aspect to the eu we 've seen that with greece . 
  i can entirely imagine the eu pushing for many of the things that the uk has done that others in the eu have n't ( privatising things that should really be in public hands . . ) by dropping investment and then selling things off . . 
  the point however stands , as a proportion of spending , eu contributions are tiny and its not unreasonable to point out that the uk government spends a lot in poorer regions ( less than i think it should , but hey . . ) . 
  that 's pretty key to this kind of comment thread . 
  if you read through this , you 'd think that people voting leave in these areas had voted for an 80 % cut in investment , yet broadly its less than 2 % if we are being very generous , and ignore the various issues associated with eu investment and ignore contributions . 
  to be honest , i think the biggest loss will actually be the perceived prestige of having eu investment projects at all , rather than the money itself . 
  seeing the eu , uk government and private investors invest in something is a confidence building thing , and the eu did a good job of advertising their investment ( something government seems to do very badly in the uk . . ) . 
  the uk does spend money on the poorest areas , vastly more than the eu spending in those areas was . 
  the question is whether it will now also cover the difference , which is fairly small in the scheme of public spending , but still very important to the things it funds . . 
  except of course the running costs in this case do n't cover gas , electric , water , rent , repairs or maintenance , but everyone is chipping in for a gardener to come once every few weeks and for someone to paint the house every couple of years . 
  unfortunately no-one quite likes what the gardener is doing and there has been a row over the colour to paint the house for a really long time . 
   the uk was ignoring those areas before they were giving any money to the eu . 
  to be clear , the uk was and continues to spend massively more in those areas than the eu would ever be able to do , we are talking about making up the difference , which is actually a very small proportion of public spending . 
  i agree it needs to be found and made available , but it is n't as though the eu was doing anything but providing a very small proportion of investment . 
   but uk governments do n't . 
  that 's a daft statement . 
  the highest estimate of investment from the eu into wales , including subsidies is around # 630m , with the cost of that in taxes paid by welsh taxpayers to cover eu contributions coming to around # 506m . 
  so net investment would be around # 124m/y . 
  a decent sum , but it does n't even start to approach the amounts spent by uk governments . 
  we are talking about the eu contributions , including subsidies excluding welsh contributions to the eu being around 2 % of uk government investment . 
  add private investment and its a tiny fraction . 
  yes the eu spends money in wales , yes that spending is needed and the uk government needs to step up investment in various regions , but the vast bulk of spending in wales , whether it is investment in infrastructure or support for farmers comes from the uk government . 
  lets not pretend that the uk does n't invest in the same places that the eu has spent money , it does , and at a far , far higher level ( because obviously the uk government can tax and spend ... ) . 
  oh and even under the worst we have seen from the tories so far , that spending has been redistributive , its not enough as far as i am concerned , but the amount spent in places like wales ( and indeed scotland . . ) is higher per-head than it is in places like london . 
  although again , probably not enough . 
   it is quite funny that people criticize a wall , yet 650 miles of the border is already fenced . 
  but half of that 650 miles is half-assed fence that is penetrable . 
  i do n't think people here ( i have no idea about the state of discourse in the us . . ) are criticising the notion of a wall , i think they are trying to draw parallels between two very different situations to try and make it look like the uk is somehow acting like trump ( who is hardly a popular figure in the uk or wider eu . . ) . 
   mexico has very harsh punishment for people who ... 
  which is all very interesting , but again , not terribly relevant to the uk building a security wall to protect port facilities and transit between the uk and france , and indeed paying for it to be built . 
   normaly asylum seeker has to be accepted where they ask the asylum and the country is forced to inquire the request . 
  once they have entered the country . 
  that 's a problem for france because there are no borders with other schengen countries , but the uk has a border , so you can still be denied entry to the uk at a port ( the same applies at airports in france for example ) . 
   they can be placed in retention center during the inquire but it cost more so it 's often not the case and it is not that easy to send back people to there primary country . 
  the uk has immigration detention and removal centres , including one at dover . 
  however , to be clear anyone deemed not able to claim asylum , or anyone who does not ( because they want to avoid deportation or detention for example ) can also be removed to the country they departed from if it is a safe country . 
  if a boat arrived in dover from syria , the uk would obviously meet its obligations to those refugees ( quite rightly ) but that is n't the same as someone coming on a ferry , or on foot via the tunnel from france . 
  again , you can be refused entry to the uk , that happened about 15000 times at dover in 2015 , with people returned to france . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.refugeecouncil.org.uk/assets/0001/6345/immigration_controls-nov_05.pdf ) is a good read on both the uks position and criticism of the uks position ( its the joint refugee council and oxfam gb response to the home affairs committee inquiry into immigration control ) . 
   all that mainly to say that uk would be in a notably worst situation if primary border control would not be made in france ... 
  both france and the uk would , as we 'd see either an increase in removals , more pressure and fines for operators , or restrictions on traffic and trade . 
   and that france takes care of a situation that would othewise affect more uk . 
  the issue for france is and will remain the lack of controls and a solution to the migrant crisis in the context of the schengen area . 
  the current political climate in the uk as it relates to migrants ( and shamefully , the backlash against actual asylum seekers . . ) only adds to that . 
  the trump line that people are taking the piss out of is `` i will build a great , great wall on our southern border . 
  and i will have mexico pay for that wall . '', 
  it would seem , that amongst the general insanity of the trump campaign is to push for policies that would make it hard for illegal mexican migrants in the us to transfer money to mexico if mexico does n't pay the us $ 5-10bn to build a wall . 
  the quote from the trump campaign is : `` it 's an easy decision for mexico : make a one-time payment of $ 5 ( billion ) -10 billion to ensure that $ 24 billion continues to flow into their country year after year , '' that may have changed , i understand trump can be a little ` flexible ' with policy ideas ... but the basis for the statement here is the idea that trump would build a wall and mexico would pay directly , not your presumably more reasonable suggestion that the us pay for border security by directing visa charges to fund it . 
  the uk carries out screening at the border , detention , as well as returning asylum seekers to safe countries they passed though . 
  yes some asylum requests would be processed , but given it is obvious where migrants are coming from if they arrive in dover , and given that there is an opportunity to claim for asylum in france and , given that quite a number of the migrants wanting to enter the uk are n't eligible to be granted asylum you end up with ` push-backs ' and essentially people being returned to france . 
  there is no requirement for the uk to simply allow undocumented migrants to enter the uk , and the migrants in question are n't entering the uk until they have passed through immigration controls . 
  the issue for france is the lack of a hard ( well . . harder ... ) border between it and its schengen neighbours , the uk does have a harder border and can refuse entry and return people . 
  france could do the same of course ( and does when it operates border controls on its schengen borders on occasion ) but obviously generally france sees the benefits of schengen and presumably feels that it is better to have open borders and some issues with migrants , than having harder borders and fewer issues . . 
  given neither the uk nor ireland are likely to want to see passport controls at the either point , i ca n't see anyone pushing for them . 
  i doubt the eu wants to be seen as imposing a hard border between two countries that do n't want one , especially in context ... checks in either location are going to be a political no-go and frankly there is no real need given the agreements in place between the uk and ireland . 
  there may be customs implications and the situation may change at some point , but given ireland is n't in schengen i do n't see it as an insurmountable issue unless someone wants to turn it into a problem . . 
  it could end up being quite an odd situation though and , as with a few other bits , ireland is somewhat uniquely well positioned to benefit from the uk leaving the eu if no-one gets too upset at ireland having what amounts to a very special status within the eu and in respect to the uk . 
   the issue is that uk border has been imported in france . 
  not really , the uk has border controls in france ( and france in the uk ) but the uk border is still where it always was . 
  currently it 's just easier to cross it legally , and harder to cross illegally with juxtaposed controls ( that 's why they are there . . ) . 
   this was a really good move from the uk gouv but we should get ride off this shit asap : 80/90 % of the french population ( informed or not ) agrees . 
  i think the issue is that some of those people assume that without the juxtaposed controls that somehow those currently in calais would end up in the uk . 
  they would n't . 
  you 'd still have the migrant camps at calais ( assuming no change from the french government in dealing with them ) and those who tried to cross to the uk would simply be denied entry in dover . 
  you 'd end up having people attempt to cross , be denied entry and returned , which would essentially just add cost and inconvenience to trade and travellers on both sides . 
  its a shitty situation ( and not one entirely of frances making . . ) but not one that is easily solved by shifting the border controls . 
  the uk ca n't arbitrarily impose its rules , laws or will on france though , it 's not as though europe or the eu is a country , so the uk ca n't do anything about there being undocumented people in france . 
  at most it can take whatever measures it can to protect its borders . . 
  i suppose the better analogy would be to call the schengen area the house ( as it does n't have internal borders ) but the uk is outside of that , so it 's still the uk keeping people out of their ` house ' . 
  granted the french could take action , but they currently seem disinclined to do so . 
   first , why the fuck would the french pay for it ? 
  i 'm not suggesting they should , nor am i suggesting a wall along the uk coast ( nor is anyone as far as i am aware ) . 
  i was however under the impression that the trump line was to build a wall along the us/mexico border and have mexico pay for it ...  it 's not french people trying to get into the uk . 
  ( with the mexican border , it is mexican citizens trying to cross it ) . 
  its not , but the people trying to cross into the uk are doing so from france , they are currently in france and currently not being dealt with by the french authorities . . 
  it 's a security issue for both the uk and france at the moment , and it would seem that the uk and france are working together to secure the area around calais to reduce disruption , its not equivalent to the us/mexico thing or to the trump plan of building a wall . 
   second , the southern united states border has a lot of real security problems too . 
  i 'm sure it does , and if the us wants to try and secure its southern border then great , although that 's a significantly larger challenge and again , as per the trump thing , i ca n't see the us forcing mexico to pay for us border security .
