  the eu ca n't easily be separated from that . 
   you can not hold your heads of state accountable for their actions of the eu level ? 
  you can not hold your national parties accountable for what they do there ? 
  you can , but people do n't because it 's abstracted away . 
  in the areas where the eu has competencies no individual member state has an absolute say , so governments can blame the eu for the end result , where it is n't exactly what the government wants , and of course with decisions at the eu level people have real barriers when it comes to influence . 
  the other issue is that there is that you ca n't for example do anything about a particular bloc or eu level party beyond voting for one mep ... 
  in the case of some of the blocs , they have no elected members in specific member states at all . 
  in short , the dilution and weakness of the democratic aspects of the eu make it hard to hold ` the eu ' to account , the abstraction and pooling of decisions makes it harder to hold governments to account . 
   or do you want to hold the others also accountable because that would only be fixed by eu wide candidates and elections . 
  indeed , eu wide elections and candidates would solve some ( although not all , and probably not the most important ) issues around being able to hold meps to account , but that 's not really that relevant . 
   of course you can begin talking about the commission , but when you really look at it , they are nothing but glorified bureaucrats that are allowed a spot in the limelight next to politicians and to be used as smokescreen for the eu council . 
  again , this is an issue with the structure of the eu . 
  the eu as it is , is the problem because of how it is set up and what it means in terms of actions in its areas of competency . 
   because the people who often complain about the eu , actually want this . 
  whenever they `` solve '' the eu they always answer what is essentially the eu council . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  people complain about the eu because there are issues with the eu , they also complain about handing more power to the eu because there is no guarantee that that would actually solve the problem . 
  the eu basically does n't do any particular thing well because it was built out of compromise and has too many competing interests to mollify at the same time . 
  as it grows as a political project , that becomes more apparent and needs to be solved ... 
  the problem is that between the size of the eu now , the aims of the eu and the actual structures , it 's all a bit unwieldy and unclear as to how it can get from where it is to something better . 
  the point is that the kind of policy shopping that occurs is facilitated by the eu , that 's one of the reasons people have issues with it . 
  yes the member governments are being spineless to a certain extent but the loss of accountability once things end up in the eu context is a huge problem and what results in the ire that the eu gets . 
  i suppose you could argue that it would n't be too bad if the eu actually then acted sensibly , but you end up with strange compromise mashups that do n't quite work . 
  it 's quite awkward to compare these things across countries beyond the base metric because you do need to take into account purchasing power , tax and other state support . 
  if you take the full time annual minimum wage in the uk , it 'd come to about # 14,976 ( $ 17589.42 ) a year , if you are single , over 25 and do n't have any kids or disabilities that 'd mean you 'd take home # 13,351 ( $ 15686.44 ) a year after tax including ( no ) in work benefit payments . 
  on the other hand , if you were married ( to a partner who does n't work ) and have two kids , ( again , no disabilities etc. . ) you would take home # 20,734 ( $ 24352.23 ) a year including various tax credits . 
  and that ignores other benefits people might be entitled to , and it certainly does n't take into account the very large difference in cost of living between different parts of the uk . 
  i 'd agree to a certain extent , governments use the eu for political cover and for some reason everyone sees the eu as distinct from the member governments , rather than a product of them . 
  it 's one of the reasons the eu is so problematic , if a government does n't have the support at home to do a thing , it should n't be in a position to use the eu as a proxy . 
  i suppose i 'm not really seeing it , or rather the level of public nationalism seems to be within the bounds of what is ` normal ' for the uk , i certainly do n't get the impression that the papers are being soft on politicians ( although the way media is changing and moving away from the printed media is having a slightly odd dynamic . . ) . 
   and we are becoming closer to america in our nationalism . 
  really ? 
  i mean ok , you used the term closer , but it does n't rally seem similar at all . . 
   do seriously people in uk think , that they are better than rest of europe combined i 'm not sure that 's implied either way ... 
  even if the eu needed the uk more ( on balance , across lots of different elements , economics , defence , policing , political influence etc. . ) than the uk needed the eu , it would n't suggest that the uk is somehow better ( without even discussing what is meant by ` better ' in context ) than the rest of the eu combined ... 
   why yes . 
  let 's suppose we dedicate 1 % of gdp to the joint defense , that leaves 1 % to play around with and then you 're just reaching nato target . 
  right . . 
  but that 1 % wo n't provide you with an expeditionary military capability . . 
  if you take france and the uk as examples , they are now down to spending around 2 % after paring down forces and focusing on rapid reaction capabilities and more dynamic forces . 
  they both rely on a long chain of training and equipment management that comes out of their total defence budget to support those capabilities ... 
  cutting their budgets in half wo n't allow them just to maintain their expeditionary capacity , it 'll gut their military establishments further and reduce those capabilities . 
   no , operated by a unified institution . 
  otherwise there 's no real difference with the current situation if everyone still needs permission from everyone else . 
  there 's an agreed upon amount/fraction of resources that are available , and that will just be repaid later by the country that draws upon them . 
  the logistical support would n't extend beyond eu borders , so for example it would provide training facilities , supplies , ammunition , troop transport up to a harbor or airport and then it 's up to the country wanting to do their own foreign intervention . 
  so at that point it becomes pointless because for any kind of force projection you need to duplicate your logistical capabilities anyway . . 
  so what exactly is the point in this other than allowing most eu countries to reduce spending on a similar level of capability ( maybe even less ) whilst expecting france ( given the uk will be leaving the eu ) to essentially invest in the eu capability and maintain essentially what they have already to to ensure that their ability to fight effectively overseas is n't compromised ... 
  essentially your suggestion would leave the eu with a very limited defence capability , albeit for less money than is currently being spent . 
  it wo n't increase capabilities , although it might reduce the cost of some members , and of course it 'd lock all of that into a separate institution , raising issues around political control . 
   so while that 's being discussed we can already put in place the basic infrastructure and plug in the offensive bits if we ever agree on it . 
  except it does n't work like that , it 's not a modular thing and you ca n't just ` buy ' capacity easily . 
  it takes very long term investments in people and equipment , training in different environments , and a slew of other aspects to ensure that you actually have an offensive capacity that is worth having . 
  it also alters the institutional mindset ... again , this feels like the euro or schengen , or any number of other projects where there is a push to get something started , that sounds good , that avoids all the political messy bits and just focuses on what could be seen as the core , it gets the ball rolling and the hard stuff can be dealt with later . 
  except later you have a crisis , you have n't dealt with the hard stuff and by then its all a bit too late . 
  except instead of having economies fall to bits , or an issue moving migrants around the eu , you have a lack of defensive capacity and you are facing a threat ...  why would that decrease spending ? 
  the eu can agree upon a mandatory contribution , unlike nato . 
  because it 's being sold as a way to save money . . 
  if you are saving money , you are going to want to show you can spend less . 
  it even works nicely in this scenario because you can quote the total eu spend in relation to national budgets . . 
  suddenly everyone is spending less , but damn if it does n't sound like a big number . 
   in addition , the eu having a unified defense would be an extremely valuable asset for nato as it vastly reduces the vulnerability of its eastern flank . 
  it would be worth many times more than the eu countries doubling their military budget individually . 
  if it were done properly sure , but that means more than purely defensive capabilities and it means an increase in capabilities ( regardless of the spend . . ) . 
  i seriously doubt this would achieve either , especially if it is sold as a slashing of costs . 
   as it is , my small company pays thousands of euros in roaming fees and the bulk of travel is intra-eu . 
  that 's pretty bizarre though , my personal mobile contract has free roaming across the eu and a few other states ( not totally limitless , but close ) even now , before the rules come in . 
  for corporate contracts roaming has been free ( and before that cheaper . . ) for even longer . 
  i 'm not sure the issue there is necessarily just eu membership and rules , but potentially also an issue around competition when it comes to mobile providers . 
  i 'd assume it depends on several things , and will broadly be down to the mobile providers . 
  i think most of them got the jump on the eu rules anyway , i seem to have free roaming across the eu and well beyond it too ( data and calls . . ) . 
  on the 5th february 2017 the queen presented prizes for children 's church attendance at the church of st. peter and st. paul , west newton . 
  on the 29th of january , the queen invested mr. david benefer with the insignia of a member of the royal victorian order in sandringham . 
  on the 27th of january the queen visited the university of east anglia in the morning to see the `` fiji : art and life in the pacific '' exhibition , afterwards she met fijian students studying at the university , fijians living in the united kingdom . 
  so yeah , by the looks of it . 
  some of it will be proposed spending that wo n't actually be spent too . 
   on the contrary , instead of duplicating basic military enties 27 times only to have 27 armies that still are n't able to fight their way out of a paper bag , we would get to pool all those resources , provide all basic support functions at a fraction of the cost and then the saved money can be used to improve the actual firepower . 
  whereas the current eu forces are a mexican army with 27 generals . 
  how is that supposed to be effective at all , let alone cost-effective ? 
  the issue is that if you want to have an expeditionary force separately , you still need to have training establishments , carry out exercises , have the logistical capacity to support an operation overseas etc. . and presumably do that out of your own national resources rather than the pooled ones . 
  if you are talking about an expeditionary force you suddenly have additional requirements for your vehicles ( sea/air lift/drop capabilities ) for your aircraft and so on . 
  a military geared toward an expeditionary role is still effective as a defensive force , a defensive force is n't easily used in an expeditionary role without a lot of extra support . . ) . 
   there would be a joint pool of logistical support , that individual countries could draw on to an extent corresponding to their contribution . 
  that would support their own remaining operations . 
  that 'd be a neat idea , but in practice i 'm not sure how it 'd work . . 
  the logistical support would presumably be operated by a slew of countries , if france wants to borrow it for a bit to carry out operations in africa , who provides approval for its use ? 
  will german/belgian/dutch forces be happy to be deployed in areas where they might get shot at in a war that is n't even part of an eu effort ? 
  surely it 'd make more sense at that point just to pool all the capabilities and not strip the expeditionary aspects from the eu force . 
  although then you 'd have to deal with the political ramifications . 
   on the contrary , at this point it 's pointless for , say , luxembourg to invest in their military because any enemy strong enough to defeat their neighbours will just crush them underfoot . 
  the same goes for all but the largest countries . 
  the largest countries , in turn , resent the small countries for not spending money on defense , even though it would be pointless . 
  that 's not a point on the contrary , that 's a justification for some of the current defence spending trends . 
  what i ca n't see is the eu increasing spending and capabilities with this project , in fact i 'd suggest that for many it would do the reverse , especially if there is a political push to ensure that any army is primarily geared toward the defence of the eu which seems somewhat likely . 
  # 560 ( $ 650 ) for busses and trams , # 1082 ( $ 1250 ) if you include trains within the country . . 
  i was looking at the 34 % that would like to see one in the next year , mostly because beyond that the eu sort of ceases to be an issue . 
   i ca n't understand this idea that has somehow entered the wider uk public psyche that ~ 45 % pro independence is somehow `` low '' . 
  i ca n't remember the actual number but at the start of the last referendum support for independence was ~ 30 % . 
  it is n't , but i did n't say it was either , i said it was lower than at the last referendum ( where yes , support was incredibly high given the presumed support before hand ... ) . 
  but support for another referendum is low . .
