  the difference on how reliant people are on cars in the us and various parts of europe is pretty staggering at times . 
  i had a conversation with a friend of mine that moved to texas about a decade ago about him having a hard time financially and deciding to cut his costs by living in his car for a time , he could n't cut the cost of the car to pay for rent because he absolutely needed it to be able to get anywhere . 
  if i were in a similar position in the uk , i 'd sell the car and use the savings on petrol , insurance and so on to cover rent . . 
  the relative distances involved in the us , the cost of fuel and so on for running a car are simply very different . . 
  they 'll presumably bring them up either way , but it 'd obviously be good for the leave campaign if this were more public and seen as something other than a conspiracy theory before the referendum rather than after . 
  and surely that 's the right position ... 
  that really is daft ... 
  i really ca n't see it making much of a difference to anyone , if there were an x in one box or another then maybe , but even then ... 
  it 's a guide on how to fill out a form , not one on what to vote for . 
  there are real , important issues that we should be discussing , there are a lot of people that need to hear good arguments before they make their choice , this kind of thing does n't help with either . 
   the army is where much of the needed equipment , like boats , is to be found . 
  what ? 
  so ... you need an army so that the border guards can borrow their kit ? 
  why not just supply the relevant equipment to the border guards in the first place ? 
   the european armies generally are trained to deal with humanitarian situations , so i do n't think it 's a bad match . 
  yes . . 
  they are trained to deal with war-fighting , peacekeeping and humanitarian operations , and a whole lot more . 
  they are expensive to train well , have to train fairly continuously to maintain a decent level of readiness and so on . . 
  but you do n't need that for border guards do you ? 
  i mean , ` we need border guards , best put together an army ' has to rank up there with the more stupid suggestions one could make . 
  if i need to cut a bit of ribbon i could order a cavalry sword or a chainsaw , but scissors would generally make more sense . 
   the thing is that any border guard has to be able to deal with anything in between too . 
  it 's not either/or . 
  no , border guards do n't generally have to deal with an enemy crossing a border with a few thousand tanks , supported by infantry , artillery and air support , to deal with an invasion you need an army , to manage people crossing a border you need border guards . 
  its a very different role . 
  unless you are picturing borders in some sort of cartoonist fashion where there is a line with lots of soldiers just behind it just waiting ... 
   where we started was `` it 's quite sensible that a group of countries that decide to have open borders pool resources to enforce their outer border . '', 
  i still stand by that . 
  i agreed with that . 
  the issue i have is purely around the idea that an army is in any way a sensible way to enforce a border in peace time . 
   the main difference between a border guard and an army is the type of incursion they guard against , and all the other differences are derived from that . 
  you are either wilfully ignorant of what an army is and does , or have some very strange ideas about the threats faced at the borders . 
  dealing with someone at the border , or even a thousand people , requires a very different skill set , equipment and everything else when compared to meeting a few thousand tanks , supported by infantry , artillery and air support at the border ... 
  the main difference between a border guard and an army is that they have completely different jobs and do them in completely different ways . 
  about the only similarity is that they wear uniforms . 
   they ultimately are though : they provide transport , they consist of a passenger/cargo space on wheels propelled by an engine , have a steering position etc. 
  yes indeed , and soldiers and border guards both wear uniforms and work for the state . 
  they have similarities but they do n't perform the same function , require the same infrastructure or do the same job . 
  so the similarities are all pretty useless in the context of what they do . 
  grabbing a car to run on a railway line and carry 200 people to their destination is n't going to work because a car , is not a train . 
  if you want eu border guards , then you need to put together something very different from an army , if you want an army , you ca n't just re-purpose some border guards . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the two things do n't have the same purpose , required capabilities , training needs , costs , equipment or anything else . 
  it 's a bit like saying that cars are basically the same as trains because they provide transport . 
  i 'd read that to mean that the eu exports products that have brand recognition and loyalty like say , french wines and scottish whisky , whilst the us largely exports commodities that you can buy from anywhere . 
  essentially if you are in the market for maize , you probably buy it on the basis of what is cheapest , so the us has to compete against lots of other producers and no-one will bat an eyelid if the substitute us maize for say chines or brazilian maize . 
  on the other hand buyers of whiskey will have a preference and will get upset of you swap say a bottle of glenglassaugh or glenfiddich with something else . 
  so essentially the suggestion is that us customers are buying european products because they prefer them , whilst eu customers buy us products as part of a set of standardised commodities and can , and do , easily substitute supply without issue . 
  in my experience they certainly do , it 's a bit bizarre when you meet people who have moved abroad and then managed to essentially shut out everything about the country they have moved to , to the point that they are importing food from the uk because they think they ca n't get it locally . . 
  it 's bizarre and quite depressing . 
  that said , i think it is more of an issue in areas where people are retiring and there is already a large english community , although even in countries where almost all the expats are there for work , you tend to find english speaking clusters of expats with their own social groupings ( but nothing like the kind of isolation that i 've heard exists in spain . . ) . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why the leave campaign would care one way or another , it 's not like the campaign is about not spending money abroad , holidays or banning people moving to other countries . . 
   ultimately they 're just people in uniform that 's a wonderfully dismissive way to put it . 
  in fact if it sort of encapsulates a rather worrying view of what professional armed forces are and require . 
   it 's not different from a defensive army . 
  it 's utterly different from a defensive army , or any armed forces for that matter . 
   europe ca n't decide whether it is a union - in which case a company in any one country should be able to do business across the eu . 
  or 26 different countries , in which case a company needs to have 26 different local headquarters . 
  europe is n't a country , it has made that decision . 
  it does have 28 different countries with different rules on corporation and different tax rules . 
   or 26 different countries , in which case a company needs to have 26 different local headquarters . 
  you do n't need local hq 's to do business in a country , or any presence for that matter , although there are times where it helps . 
   that 's an eu problem . 
  it 's pretty much exactly the opposite . 
  the parent 's point * ` if company have income in country , it should be paying taxes with no ways around it . 
  ' * is n't about the eu , it 's explicitly about individual countries . 
  now , you could make a point that the eu might make it easier to pressure companies to comply with national laws , but it also makes it easier for businesses to structure themselves in ways that are more ` efficient ' with regards to tax . 
  this is a global issue , the approaches are national , what will get interesting is what happens with cooperation between countries ( including the us . . ) to increase transparency and limit ways that profit can be shifted in ways that go beyond the intent of national legislation and tax rules . 
   the only difference is one of degree and style of the uniform . 
  no it really is n't , or rather if it is , i 'm not surprised why you might see no issue with the eu having an army . . 
   it 's quite sensible that a group of countries that decide to have open borders pool resources to enforce their outer border . 
  i do n't care if you call it an army or something else . 
  i agree that a group of countries with open internal borders should have the resources to protect their external borders , whether that 's from a pooled resource or not is up to the countries involved , but it would involve quite a different set of requirements than what most people would see as an ` army ' . 
  you are talking about border guards and immigration officers trained to deal with the public vs infantry , artillerymen , tankers and all the rest of it , trained to kill an enemy . 
  then watch it for the other side of the argument . . 
   in finland you know that court is for you , there is no sharia court just court . 
  you have arbitration mechanisms though , that 's what this is . 
   moving here means you accept local laws and ways . 
  we arent talking about old minorities and even if we do then do we really want different laws to different people ? 
  i agree , and if you are in the uk , uk law applies . 
  you can sign a contract with someone though and bind yourself to other rules ( as long as they do n't break the law . . ) , whether that 's your church , your mobile phone provider , your bank or your mosque is pretty much down to you . 
  almost anywhere that has any kind of religious infrastructure will have some level of religiously based arbitration or mediation . 
  it 'll be more formal for some groups ( jews , muslims ) less for others . 
  the problem is when either the arbitrators try to step beyond their mandates , or if they break the law in their judgements . 
  that can and has happened , and where it does it should be dealt with very severely , after all , it is a massive breach of public trust . 
   yes , but party level campaigns or national elections are much more expensive , at least in most european countries . 
  all the time you hear people complain that they did n't even hear about mep candidates . 
  that could never happen for national elections . 
  elections are expensive , and you can spend more or less ( up to the cap of course . . ) but it is much more viable to stand as an independent at local or parliamentary level in the uk than it is at the european parliament level . 
  you can quite literally run a small campaign at the parliamentary level for the cost of the deposit for the ep . 
   i am yet to see any evidence that european elections are more expensive or influenced by donors than , for instance , british or french or , indeed , us elections , which are still considered democratic . 
  well in the uk at least , it costs 10x as much just to stand candidates in ep elections when compared to uk parliamentary candidates . 
  the electorate size is massive , increasing the costs of campaigning , and the spending limits in ep elections are significantly higher than for a parliamentary seat in the uk . 
  now you could counter that by pointing out you can put up multiple candidates in an ep election so it balances out , but it does make it much harder , if not entirely impossible to run an independent campaign . 
  the way the ep is organised and groups are funded also hampers any independent meps , although that 's not that uncommon in national legislatures either . 
  this is actually a really important point , and it should be coupled with the fact that the next bunch of bastards wo n't be identical to the last , you can keep a look out for hammers and sickles , swastikas , shiny riding boots , brown-shirts or whatever you want , and you 'll miss the next thing . 
  the next thing will , again , be popular , it will sound like a great idea , lots of people will support it . 
  in fact lots of people will call the opposition to it fascists , communists , nazi 's , extreme or whatever they deem sufficiently pejorative . 
  the new thing will claim to be good for people , it will claim to be acting in everyone 's interests . 
  it 'll be about a stronger country/europe/world , about defeating some threat or fixing the economy , it will demand unity in the face of that threat , it might demand we give up a bit of our freedom now , or some of our control or power , or ask us to ignore acts we would n't normally tolerate and so on .
