   are you saying we wo n't know the terms of brexit by then ? 
  probably not , it depends on the negotiations , but it could well be another year after that before all the details are hammered out . 
  the timing seems more geared toward scotland gaining independence ( in the event of a yes vote in an independence referendum ) just as the uk leaves the eu . 
  i wonder if that is because the snp feels that would be the best way to either retain scotland 's current status , or offer some opportunity to transition in some sort of eu framework . 
  yeah , true . 
   i wonder how it was to live in the uk or ireland a few decades ago when bombings were monthly things . 
  the fallout from that lasted a long time , we only just got bins back in train stations . . 
  still , you live with it , not much else you can do . 
  * edit : * live with the threat , the absence of bins was just an annoyance . 
  to be fair , they were n't comparing the uk system ( which absolutely favours larger parties , or to be a little more accurate , favours concentrated geographic support rather than more diffuse support across the whole country ) to the dutch one . 
  still seems like an odd insert , but hey . 
  i took him to mean cross border terrorism aimed in some way at the eu , rather than a continuation of the kind of terrorism you are talking about ( which obviously has been ongoing , even if it has changed somewhat in nature over the last 20 years or so ) . 
  this seems more like a continuation of something that has been happening in various parts of europe for a while , that said i 'm not sure if this is the first attack seemingly related to anger at the eu , or more accurately anger at the perceived actions of one prominent politician in an eu member state by terrorists in another . 
   do they , though ? 
  yeah , broadly they do . 
  the argument is that it 's easier to justify incredibly alarming actions , recruit , and convince people that a cause is valid when there are more economic and social pressures . 
  you are right though in saying that there are lots of better reasons to help people than simply the ` do n't give in to terrorism ' notion , but it is another factor . 
  [ there is a claim of responsibility for that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zq3n5/greek_group_claims_it_mailed_parcel_bomb_to/?st=j0cd9hkh&amp;sh=6f6f57ed ), 
  they claimed responsibility after the parcel was identified and dealt with , so it would seem to be entirely about making it clear that they were responsible for the attack ( and are claiming there may be more coming ) rather than trying to warn anyone as such . 
  a good regulatory approach too , the human fertilisation and embryology authority seems to do a remarkably good job in a pretty volatile environment . 
  oh , i saw the headline did n't connect the two . 
  was just reading about the [ conspiracy of fire cells . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conspiracy_of_fire_nuclei ) . 
  there are lots of those , i think there is a wordpress theme knocking about to make it relatively easy to do too . 
  that said , i do n't think there are many people out there able to get hold of a three letter domain or anything close enough to be convincing for people who actually look at their address bar . 
  still , it 's a shitty situation . 
  as a brit ( and a pro-brexit person ) i 'm rather pleased that you did , the uk is best out of the eu , but i 'd rather see the eu do what it needs to do ( where it has support anyway . . ) to integrate and move forward . 
  a weak and divided eu is n't good for the uk or anyone else for that matter . 
  so , this is one down , two more major elections to go and it all looks pretty hopeful . . 
  worth noting that edri are very good on these issues and have been on the ball for a long time . 
   people do n't use facts when debating . 
  they use opinions . 
  much like our debate , how many facts have either of us used ? 
  we are not becoming more informed on anything . 
  we are debating and presenting our opinions , but they are based on fact as well as conjecture . . 
  i mean , we are talking about politics here , opinion is part of the process , there is n't a ` right ' position . 
  the only time there is a problem is when someone 's opinion is entirely divorced from the actual issue . 
  so someone voting to leave the eu because they do n't like the fact that kids learn a language in school ( which obviously has nothing to do with the eu . . ) would be problematic , as would someone voting to remain in the eu because they believe that unless we do the channel tunnel will be closed . .  so can you give me an example of the structural issue right now of the euro , that is n't directly related on a country needing to safe its banking system ? 
  i literally outlined a number of structural issues with the euro a couple of comments ago . . 
  they are n't `` directly related on a country needing to safe its banking system '' they are the structural problems . . 
  they were n't caused by the crash , and they pre-date it , and they have been identified as something that needs to be addressed . . again , that is n't controversial . 
   you seem to not understand the economic position of spain prior to the crisis at all . 
  again , care to elaborate ? 
   i am interested , i am asking for any proof or something specific of that 's wrong with the euro . 
  i 've outlined what some of the larger issues are , you 've utterly ignored them . . 
  i mean , where can i go from there . 
  a country in the euro ca n't set its own interest rates , it ca n't devalue its currency , ca n't alter its monetary policy . . 
  in short , many of the mechanisms that countries use are not available to eurozone members , and at the same time there are no balancing mechanisms available instead . 
  that 's one set of problems . 
   that 's simply not true , people need to inform themselves to become informed simply talking about an issue does n't make you any more knowledgable . 
  just check reddit , people will discuss the same issue for years and not learn anything . 
  even when provided with simply facts . 
  if in your view , people provided with facts debating an issue are no more informed , how do people become informed on a set of issues ? 
  i mean , personally i go and look up the details and then discuss the implications , that would seem to be a good way to understand how something works and have a view on it . .  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  greek debt exploded when they needed to safe greek banks . 
  much like spain and ireland . 
  spain had what maybe 20 % debt of gdp before the banking crisis . 
  it was one of the most healthy government checkbooks on the continent . 
  right . . ? 
  but the banking crisis has nothing to do with the structural issues with the euro , the crisis triggered some of the issues but is n't the cause of them . 
   yeah , mate , i suggest you read something about spain from before the crisis . 
  not sure how long you have been discussing things , but i think you are not as knowledgeable as you believe . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   as for the rest , man you give not one specific in this entire piece , not on piece of proof or statement we can test with facts or empirical observation . 
  so i am going to guess , again , that you do n't know half as much about the eu as you think you do . 
  one piece of proof or statement we can test with facts or empirical observation about what exactly ? 
  i gave you some information about the issues with the euro that you basically ignored , that can all be verified and discussed , but you do n't seem to be interested ... 
  i do however get the impression that you believe that anyone with a different opinion to yours on a subjective issue is woefully under informed . 
  i 'd argue that 's a fairly major set of blinkers . . 
   i seriously doubt even this , most people seem to have no fucking clue on the issues they find most important . 
  when you have a year + of people talking about the issues , people tend to be more informed on what they are interested in . 
  woefully uninformed in other areas , i grant you , but they tend to be better informed on things that they care about . 
  in any case , it 's a bit like complaining that people support the nhs , because they do n't understand how it works , or how it is organised , they can understand the pertinent bits ( like delivery that is free at the point of service ) and prefer that to an alternative where you need to pay , or an insurance based system . . 
  i 'd argue that people were informed enough to make a choice , certainly as informed as they are at any general election , if not more so . 
   which is why support for the eu is freaking high in most all of the eu countries ? 
  the uk is n't ` most eu countries ' though . 
  why people do n't get this ( in both directions mind . . ) is utterly bizarre . 
  we have a different history , and different reasons for being in the eu at all , compared to the likes of france and germany . 
  for the uk , it has always been primarily a trade deal , for many people in france and germany , it is much more about integration and a single european identity , with a bit of post war history thrown in . 
  now , i 'm happy that the uk is leaving the eu , it 's the right thing for the uk , but if i were polish , i absolutely would n't want to see poland drop out of the eu , that 's because in terms of the benefits the eu provides , the stability that the eu institutions offer and so on , are massively more important and change the calculation when compared to the uk . .  care to explain ? 
  euro seems to work fine and is rather popular . 
  i believe it 's gained strength over the years . 
  so that 's hardly a crumbling or crisis prone currency . 
  or are you talking about the sovereign debt crisis ? 
  which happened in the uk too ? 
  and followed directly from the banking crisis which happened in the us too . 
  there are structural issues ... 
  these are n't unknown and they are , in theory at least supposed to be being addressed by the eurozone countries , one of the issues there at the moment is the use of eu institutions to try and do things that really should be done by the eurozone . . 
  but the basic issues remain , the shift to a single currency across a set of countries meant that governments lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates , that 's not even slightly controversial as a point . 
  that means they lack some of the tools required to respond to domestic economic conditions . 
  a common currency also meant that the usual mechanisms that apply to currencies in terms of exchange rates , including the ability to devalue a currency , ceased to apply , and rates no longer reflected differences in productivity or economic strength . . that has been somewhat positive for some eu members , less so for others . 
  again , that 's not controversial . 
  now you could solve some of those issues by emulating the us or any other large federal states , essentially you 'd use some mechanism , whether tax based or otherwise to allow for fiscal transfers between better and worse performing states . 
  however to do that , you need to grant quite a few powers to the eu/eurozone and member states do n't seem to want to do that . . that 's a problem , it has caused issues in greece , spain , italy and elsewhere and will continue to do so until someone resolves those issues . . 
  i 'd also point out that broadly , the banking crisis has almost nothing to do with it , the issue is around the ability of eurozone economies to deal with the issues that have been triggered by a crisis ( and a crisis not of their making ! ) . 
  granted it 's a little more complex , there are issues around the relative cheapness and availability of credit to eurozone countries before the crash , the way that security and liability was handled in that context and so on , but at the end of the day it comes down to a central bank being divorced from the fiscal and economic policies of the countries using the currency that it manages . 
   it is n't , i mean it might be . 
  but it 's not clear at all . 
  if you think it is , you do n't know what you are talking about ... 
  since it 's so complex nothing is fucking clear . 
  it is clear , there are several issues that require a more centralised approach because of an existing central agreement .
