  i also ca n't see quite a few eu members going with that , especially those with an international outlook . 
  yes . . and ? 
   you are not saying much except repeating that the uk gets a good deal because of their importance . 
  i 'm saying that the uk wo n't end up with a deal similar to anyone else , because there is n't a standard template , and that any deal the uk gets will involve taking into account the uks size and relative importance , as well as the benefits the eu would be looking for from any deal with the eu . .  but everything suggests otherwise and the uk is n't quite as important as you think anyway . 
  everything does n't suggest otherwise , and so far , in terms of importance i 've only pointed to aspects that are clearly accurate and relevant . 
  i mean , its not as though the uk economy is in fact vastly smaller than i 'm suggesting , or that the uk does n't have intelligence capabilities that it currently shares with the eu and that the eu does n't have , or indeed that uk/eu military cooperation is n't important or hard for the eu to replicate in any sort of short term period . .  certainly not more so than 27 countries combined , particularly with a few larger and even richer countries within that 27 countries . 
  you seem to be confused about whether i am saying that the uk is a large and important market and partner for the eu , or whether the eu is bigger ... 
  i 'm not suggesting that the uk economy is larger than that of the eu , i 'm saying that it 's bigger than that of the other eu periphery states and that that is quite relevant to the eu and uk in terms of negotiations ... you seem to be suggesting that the eu can simply treat the uk like norway or switzerland , but that clearly is n't the case either . . 
   they are being seen as costs by the uk , not others . 
  this is evident by the fact they opted out of these . 
  others consider things such as schengen a benefit . 
  yes . . and ? 
  the uk would be giving up benefits , because they do n't see them as such , but they are billed as benefits , the uk wo n't have access to those things . 
   true , non-eu countries have different deals , but not one has one where they get everything they want , with no costs or disadvantages involved . 
  and the uk wo n't get everything it could possibly want , but it should be able to put together a good deal that suits the uk and eu . . 
  i mean that is the whole point is n't it ? 
   i dont think the uk will get anything special , they can get a canada type deal , or a norway type deal . 
  the uk is a massive economy on the borders of europe that the eu already relies on for various things that it ca n't easily do by itself . 
  it 'll get a decent deal , it wo n't be a copy or an existing deal and it 'll likely be ` better ' than that available to quite a lot of other countries . 
  that may well take a bit of time , but it seems both likely and the most beneficial to both sides . 
  the only way that does n't happen , is if the eu has a confidence crisis and feels that the eu surviving outside of the eu is somehow a risk to its own survival , in which case it might get awkward , but frankly that 'll harm both sides . 
   the swiss tried and it didnt work out and are backtracking on taking away freedom of movement . 
  they do have a slightly different deal but its taken decades to get the agreements in ( which uk doesnt have time for ) , but when they tried with freedom of movement it didnt work . 
  the uk is unlikely to include freedom of movement in the first place , it almost certainly wo n't agree to pay for access to the single market , but beyond that there is a lot of scope for the eu to look at what it wants in terms of uk access and cooperation . . 
  this is n't a one sided thing where the eu gets to dictate the terms , and it is n't only something where the uk stands to benefit . 
  the uk is n't switzerland ( the uk economy is several times larger , and the uk provides far more benefits to the uk in terms of cooperation ) the same applies to norway , that will be quite relevant . 
  it is !, 
   all of the `` benefits '' you list are ones not seen as advantages by the uk , and had opt outs for it even while in the eu . 
  but they are benefits are they not ? 
  i mean , the eu sells them as benefits , it presents them as such , how come they are now suddenly being seen as costs instead when it applies to the uk ? 
   you get to pick and choose if you are in the eu , and the uk certainly did pick and choose more so than any other country . 
  various eu countries have opt outs and different conditions and agreements in place , non-eu countries all have differing deals and arrangements whether that 's close to the eu or further away . 
  there is n't a ` standard ' package and it 's a bit daft to try and pretend that there is in the context of the uk . .  the uk can seek any kind of deal they want , it doesnt mean they 'll get it . 
  very true , but it will seek a deal and will likely get one that does n't match anything anyone else has at the moment either . 
  to be fair , that 's true across europe . 
  but i also think there is value in different regulatory and political approaches to problems . . 
  yup , strength in diversity . 
  but that seems less popular these days than some notion of ` the way ' where everyone should push for greater unity and integration . . shame really . 
   but western europe is usually ahead of the uk when it comes to social values . 
  really ? 
  it does n't seem like it in quite a few areas . . 
  the uk led the way on much of what europe sees as liberal values after all , and still manages to push ahead in all sorts of areas . 
  germany is arguably more socially conservative than the uk . 
  so . . no uk or england , scotland , northern ireland on the european or international survey . . 
  but wales is on there . 
  ca n't find a why for that , but yay for wales . 
   the eu would disintegrate if the uk got what its asking for , which is all benefits of eu membership , but no payment or requirement to follow rules . 
  i 'm not sure that the uk is asking for all the benefits of eu membership ( it 's certainly not asking for free movement , meps in parliament , commissioners , to be part of schengen , to be part of the euro , to be part of various other bits ) , it 's probably looking for some preferential access to eu markets though . 
  the argument is that the uk ca n't pick and choose ( even though quite a few eu members seem to have picked and chosen to a certain extent ) , when realistically it absolutely can and will , because it 'll be seeking a unique deal . 
  how that leads to the dissolution of the eu is somewhat unclear . 
   it 's just that nobody else is silly enough to expect to get it because the rules and payment is necessary and reasonable . 
  the rules and payment are sensible if you are taking part in various bits , they are n't if you are n't ... 
  nigel farage 's major claim about getting a good deal for the uk was that german car manufacturers would want to keep markets with uk open and would lobby it to no end . . 
  i 'm not terribly interested in what farage has to say , but uk/german business is pretty large . . 
  there is pretty much no question of it being drastically reduced because it would be damaging , the question is what terms that trade will be carried out under . .  so while i can see your point , people have more to lose with giving the uk a good deal that potentially leads to the disintegration of the eu itself than what they gain through giving uk a good deal why on earth would the eu disintegrate if the uk is able to trade sensibly with the eu ? 
  more to the point , if all it takes is a good deal for the uk , for the eu to disintegrate ( which i do n't think is the case . ), 
  then the eu has bigger problems and we 'll likely see them manifest anyway . 
   i can see more regulation of financial services forcing even more of it to be inside eu . 
  regulation that closes off non-eu financial centres is n't going to do the eu or euro any favours . . financial markets are global , trying to force services into a country or area will simply lead to less players in the eu and promote secondary markets ...  germany has been trying to get more business to frankfurt for ages and this whole brexit thing is a gift to them . 
  germany has been trying for ages and failing because of a while slew of issues , hardly any of which are solved y the uk not being in the eu any more . . 
   you wo n't get the same as switzerland or norway , you 'll get your own deal . 
  but that deal still wo n't include the single market . 
  depends on the uk negotiating position and where we land on free movement , but yeah , it certainly looks like the uk will end up outside the single market . 
  i 'd argue that the most likely sensible outcome would see the uk and eu end up with a transition agreement and later a trade deal that grants both sides access to the others markets to some substantial degree . 
  although we may see some political calculations on the eu side that impact that , and then no doubt some response from the uk . . 
  it should be somewhat obvious however that if the uk seeks to limit movement , then the eu will do the same , and may push to limit other areas too . 
   as for things like europol , if the uk and the eu can reach an agreement where uk remains in europol , why not also extend this deal to other non-eu members ? 
  you also have things like intelligence sharing and eu military cooperation in the existing framework , that 'll be important to the eu ( probably in some other form ) . 
  that 's all quite expensive , hard to duplicate , impossible to replace stuff . 
   could the eu use the brexit negotiations to create an eu associate status ? 
  sort of not really , it could create something close ( assuming the uk has the political capital domestically to agree to something like that , so the shape of it would be important ) but formally i 'd assume that 'd require some serious treaty change and that 'll involve national referendums . . 
  security cooperation for one , continued close bilateral ties will be important too , especially in the context of access to things like financial services . 
  the uk is also simply a larger economy with more international interests that intersect with those of the eu and eu members . 
  norway and switzerland both have essentially customised deals with the eu based on factors relevant to both , the uk is n't going to accept a deal on the basis that it works for some other country . 
   we should give them the same terms norway gets . 
  except the eu will want more from the uk than it can get from norway . . 
  so why would the uk accept the same terms ? 
   whatever deal the uk gets , norway and switzerland should be able to get as well . 
  that 's a reasonable preposition on the face of it , but practically it does n't make a lot of sense . 
  the uk has things that the eu wants access to ( especially in terms of security cooperation ) that neither norway nor switzerland could offer , it 's also a much larger market and economy . . why would n't the uk and eu be able to reach a different agreement , indeed a closer one in some areas , based on the attributes of the two parties ? 
  i 'm reasonably sure that my car insurance in germany was still limited and not an eu wide thing generally ( cover for something like 10 days continuous outside of germany ) , on the uk side i realise that i actually paid for recovery ( 30 days cover was included ) . 
  the point is that leaving does n't fuck her over , looking weak and unable to deliver , especially given she essentially has the support of her own party and the opposition , does . 
   i 'm a bit fearful because there 's so much shite being flung due to this whole brexit deal that i fear for my friends who study/work in scotland and england , their futures are still not safe . 
  they are n't guaranteed at the moment , but the uk has a large non-eu migrant population as well as an eu one , and it 's unlikely that this government or future ones would seek to actively make it harder for them to stay , although there is a good chance that there will be some conditions applied under certain circumstances . 
  we wo n't know more until the negotiations though . 
   i am conflicted in the question , because for me i believe that the eu is a good organisation ( despite its current flaws of which there are many ) and i want it to keep on existing . 
  so the eu , in order to maintain its status , would need the uk 's brexit to seriously be ultimately a failure , and make the uk worse off ... 
  i 'd argue that that is nonesense . 
  the uk was already on the eu periphery ( a non schengen , non-eurozone member with issues around integration ) . 
  the eu is n't going to be significantly harmed ( in a political sense anyway ) by the uk leaving . 
  if anything it does open the door to more eu integration . 
  if the eu were so shambolic that the loss of one member ( even if it is a large part economy ) causes serious issues then the eu is going to fail anyway . 
  i 'd also argue that the uk and eu need to be seen to make a success of the exit process , it 'd show that the eu is competent and capable , reduce any economic fallout on both sides . 
  a failure could end up far more damaging to the eu than a decent transition . 
   but i also believe that the turnout that did n't even reach 80 % to my knowledge and only 52 % of those voters actually wanted to leave shows that the uk is n't really an island of euroscepticism , the uk is very much eurosceptic . 
  the tight vote was n't because 48 % of the population were very pro-eu , it was that they felt the status-quo was better than the alternative , the majority thought the alternative was better . 
  there is not a lot of love for the eu in the uk generally , even the remain campaign was pretty lukewarm to the whole idea , they did n't present the eu as a good thing , but rather that leaving the eu was a bad thing , and hanging in there and changing it might be the best option . 
   plus , it 's the uk they have been with us for decades so i do n't want the british citizens themselves to have to pay the price . 
  they likely wo n't , and more to the point , there is a cost to being in the eu ( and not just the cost of membership ) . 
  the uk has always been somewhat uneasy with its membership , that 's been true of the left and the right , and the general perception has been one of tolerance rather than excitement at the project .
