  if people want to see a unified eu , or a more integrated eu , that has to come because people want it , not because it is imposed for the greater good . 
  you tell them your name and address , but it 's not like you need to prove your identity very often ... 
  if they do n't believe you they can hold you until they are able to confirm it . 
  there is a different approach to identity in the uk ( and similar countries ) when compared to parts of europe though , this was brought up during the whole ` register to vote ' thing in the referendum . 
  the government generally does n't generally need to know much about you at all , your local council will likely need to know a bit more ( to provide services etc. . ) , but broadly centralised data collection for identification purposes is n't much of a thing . 
  that extends into other things too , it 's incredibly easy to change your name for example , you just use a new one ( although you can register the change if you want . . ) , as long as you are n't doing it to defraud anyone that mostly just works . . 
  not all no . 
  you do n't have to carry , or own id in the uk , there is n't a national id card to be had . 
  same applies to australia , new zealand , ireland and a few other countries . 
  even in countries that do issue id cards , the requirement there is n't always a requirement to own one , and again , even in countries where you must own one , you are often not required to carry one . . from the uk perspective it seems a bit invasive to be required to carry id by default , it sort of assumes that you 'd have to identify yourself to people and that that 's ok when there is n't a good reason for it . . 
  it 'd be nice to be able to for a few months . . but lets face it , both the eu and uk are going to find a sensible compromise that mostly works for both sides . 
  its not going to harm the uk economy ( and could well provide benefits . . ) it is n't going to kill research , science funding or innovation . . we have a period of uncertainty to get through , then some negotiations in a more certain environment and finally a settlement that works . . 
  the uk opted out of the common visa regime , it issues its own visa 's generally . 
   it 's not enough to stand on their own feet today . 
  that 's bizarre . 
  would you apply the same qualification to any other major industrialised country ? 
  the uk is n't cutting itself off from the world , it 's leaving the eu , something that will likely make very little difference to it economically , socially or in terms of science . . 
  the notion that you have to be either part of a massive ( and somewhat dysfunctional ) block or the us to stand on your own two feet is simply bizarre . . 
  why ? 
  until something actually has a significant impact on car prices or availability , uk car buyers are n't going to suddenly change their buying habits . 
  a golf costs the same today as it did a few months ago , the parts for my touran cost the same as they did a few months ago . 
  confidence will have a small impact on large purchases generally , but it wo n't change where people buy their cars from , tariffs or increased maintenance costs will . 
   we symbolically all invoke a 50 and imediatly reform as a `` new '' union . 
  that really would be interesting , not not only to see what happens when various members realise that maybe its a good opportunity for reform , and suddenly there are a large number of former eu countries trying to negotiate a new union and pulling in lots of different directions . . 
  last i checked , the uk and germany still have the same bilateral market access . . 
  the question is about what is negotiated as the uk exits the eu . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if the eu cuts off a large number of its member states from preferential treatment , in a bid to obtain it for the remainder . 
  i 'd sort of assume the impact on the eu would n't be worth the benefit , but with the trade agreements coming through there is now a lot of leverage . 
  obviously it is n't an issue for the uk ( not being part of the common visa system ) and presumably ireland too , but still . 
  it does seem odd though because there are actually quite a lot of differences globally in terms of everything from visa eligibility to positive schemes that benefit specific nationalities ( i think ireland has some unique benefits ) . 
  its one thing to try and improve access , it seems counter productive to reduce it . 
  different countries , different visa rules , its not really discrimination if the countries in question have different risk profiles and issue their own documentation . 
   there will always be the marriage loophole . 
  the uk currently has some fairly complex rules that make it really quite hard to being a non-eu partner into the uk , married or not . 
  it 's not cheap , it 's not guaranteed and there are lots of requirements attached that can be a real problem fr people , especially if they are returning to the uk , or one partner is n't in the uk already . 
  yes , but as it stands there is n't a mechanism to force the uk to gtfo and the uk is n't going to leave on demand , but take the time , probably a few months , to ensure that it can negotiate effectively and start the work needed domestically to deal with leaving . 
  what does it have to do with what the eu wants ? 
  do people really still think that the uk is n't going to leave the eu ? 
  the question at this point is how and how quickly , not if . 
  its not an absolute certainty that we will leave , nothing is , but it is incredibly unlikely that we wo n't , so it amounts to the same thing . 
  no , we 're leaving , it 's just a question of how and may would like scotland to have some input , and be seen to have input . . 
  no , i 'm not suggesting they join anyone on a platform , this is n't about convincing people of a position ( that was the referendum ) , this is the negotiation with the eu about how we leave . 
  scotland has to be part of that discussion for its own sake , there is a benefit to may making the case for that publicly , but given the uk , scotland included is currently leaving the eu , it would be pretty problematic for scotland not be part of the negotiations . 
  until scotland decides to leave , it is ... or have i missed a referendum . 
  it 's part of the uk , so it is leaving the eu . 
  it has interests in the negotiation between the uk and eu . . 
   roughly translated for the leave voter : `` i ca n't invoke article 50 without nicola '' mistranslated maybe . 
  the uk will invoke article 50 , and it is leaving the eu , but scotland has some significant interests in that areas too . 
  may presumably wants to present a unified front on the issues that have an impact on all parts of the uk . . 
   how exactly are the interests of a nation who voted to remain protected by following england and wales out the door ? 
  scotland has a number of interests to protect as the uk leaves the eu . 
  given scotland is part of the uk , and the uk is leaving the eu , it would seem sensible for them to protect their interests for what comes after . . 
  to be clear , that would be as a unified uk position , not separately ... having the snp on side during negotiations , especially on aspects that touch on scotland would n't be a bad thing for the uk at all . 
  by being a the table , negotiating international agreements , which the snp as a future government of an independent scotland might like to present . 
  plus , they really do have a stake . . 
  then this gambit wo n't work very well . . 
  but scotland will also want to be seen to be involved and the snp in particular will want to show that it is working for scottish people and protecting their interests . 
  months , but with scotland also having an input and a stake in the negotiations . . making a second indyref look less certain . 
  no , i think it 's more accurate to suggest that this is about making scotland part of brexit . 
  i 'm willing to bet this is more about heading off calls for indyref2 than most other things , although the underlying argument , that both leavers and remainers have to be on board with the outcome stands up well . 
  scotland is very visible as a remaining portion of the uk , it they have a significant role in designing th exit , they are tied into it to some degree . 
  the problem is that those issues are only going to get worse unless there is some significant change , and that has to be deeper integration , which the uk would n't be ok with . 
  it might well cost the uk in the short term , but long term i can see this being better for both sides . 
  the big thing in the uk/eu discussions will be seeing how effective the various member states are in putting their needs to the front and having that fit into the agreement . 
  your point on the border is absolutely right , should be easily settled , but i have a feeling that both uk and irish interests might end up being leveraged by other eu states . 
  but then we are where we are , the uk needs to get out , so this is the only path available . 
  it 'll probably work out ok in the end , but there is room for it to go somewhat either way , at least initially . 
  i doubt it , the uk is going either way , not having an agreement in place would be messy for everyone and make the eu look even more incompetent than it does already on trade ( see canada , india and the us . . ) . 
  if the eu ca n't even strike a deal when it has regulatory parity with the worlds 5th largest economy , then it really becomes a bit of a joke as a trade bloc does n't it ? 
   eh ... i think you 're wrong there . 
  countries are waiting to snap up the business from london if the u.k. 
  yes , they have been waiting to do so for a long time , but they have singularly failed to do so for a huge number of reasons . 
  right now you have eu states talking about an ftt and intermittently about segmenting eu markets from global ones via regulation , funnily enough that does n't make for a good global financial centre . 
  if various eu countries change their approach over the next few years , then maybe in several decades they might have built something that comes closer to being able to compete , but we 'll see . 
   so , with the u.k. services industry devastated , why would the e.u. 
  members want preferential access in exchange for a big give when they can just absorb the business ? 
  london is a global centre , that is n't going away , and there is no-one in the eu close to being able to compete ( the closest in europe is zurich . . ) so no they wo n't be able to absorb the business and yes , they will still want access to global markets via london . 
   and if you are n't in the single market you will not get access to the other 3 key necessities either . 
  given the uk is looking for trade with the single market , not membership of it , i 'd assume that it would be entirely able to reach an agreement . 
   if you do n't accept all 4 necessities the best you will get is some sort of fta . 
  and for your service driven economy that would be a complete disaster . 
  yes we 'd be looking for an fta and whether that is a disaster for the service aspect of our economy that is relevant to the eu ( which is a small fraction of the total uk service economy ) will depend on what is negotiated . 
  i 'd add that the eu will want to retain access to uk financial services on a preferential basis too , so it 's not all one way . 
   do n't get me wrong . 
  it would suck for the rest of europe too , at least a bit . 
  and i do n't want it to happen . 
  but it 's not my decisions . 
  either you 're in or you 're out . 
  indeed , we are out . 
  now , just like any other non-eu state , it 's about making sure we have a trade agreement in place that works for both of us . 
  yes ... that 's my point . 
  if we are n't in the single market , it ceases to be a necessity . . 
  indeed , but if you are n't part of a single market then it ceases to be a necessity , and the political , legal and social elements fall away too . 
  that 's sort of the point . 
   you know what the single market gets you ? 
  financial passport . 
  you know what negotiations get you in combination with third-country status changes and commission approval on regulation ? 
  something pretty damn similar . 
  oh and on the thousands of jobs , yes , there is a possibility there will be some job losses and moves , depends on where we end up , there could also be more people employed to deal with the regulatory changes . 
  but lets not forget that london has 300k people working in finance , over 1m in the uk as a whole .
