  unless you want to tell me that it was an ukip victory and then those articles calling brexiters racists would make sense . 
  the tories have always had pro and anti-eu factions within the party ( so has labour for that matter , although less destructively . . ) , ukip essentially pushed that and put pressure on . 
  that resulted in cameron offering a referendum ( not the only party to support that either . . ) which then pushed an issue that had been somewhat impossible to vote or really act on in uk politics right up to the top of the issue pile for a fair few months , and then we saw the referendum . 
  i 'm not suggesting that ukip voters won the referendum , and i 'd actually expect ukip to mostly disintegrate once the uncertainty ( as they see it . . ) over the result disappears . 
  but it is largely because of ukip that we ended up with a vote . 
  i 'd also argue that if cameron had n't gone for a referendum , ukip would have seen more support and would have been able to use that lever at some other point . 
  it was n't a ukip victory , vastly more people voted leave than would ever vote for ukip , many people voted leave for very different reasons than those put forward by ukip and farage was n't even part of the official leave campaign . 
  but it was a victory for ukip . 
  arguably it could n't have happened without ukip . 
  and again , farage as leader of ukip . 
  pushed a government to give a referendum , we had the referendum and people voted leave . 
  if that 's not impressive in political terms then i do n't know what is given the aim of the party . 
  if it also leads to the disintegration of ukip then hey , all the better . 
  i think this was part of the disconnect , much of the eu , and indeed many meps see leaving the eu as an incredibly extreme position . 
  i 'd argue that that is n't true in the uk , i think a minority in the uk would have seen it as such even 5 years ago , it was always a valid if somewhat unlikely scenario , and unlikely not because there was little support , but because none of the major parties would offer it . 
  farage , and many others , managed to sell leaving the eu but i 'm not sure that ukip will do so well going forward if it picks up some of its more extreme ideas and tries to run with them . 
   nigel should be an example to everyone . 
  after 15 years of being an useless politician in the eu parliament , he managed to be now an unless politician with a lot of media coverage and think that he is , somehow , an important person . 
  to be fair he essentially managed to meet the core aim of the political party he led and he did that quite effectively , not a lot of politicians can say that . 
   remainers with associate citizenship leaving the country . 
  i 'd assume that it 'd attract both remain and leave voters if it 's offered , if not as though they will screen on the basis of previous voting preferences . 
   so clearly brexit and all it 's devastating effects were well worth it ? 
  to be fair , it 's not just about the money , but the money is an additional argument . 
  paying to be a part of something you do n't want to be a part of , or that you do n't agree with the direction of or whatever , is just another issue . 
  i doubt it was the only driver for very many people . 
  it 'd be a bit like arguing that scrapping mobile roaming was the only reason to vote remain ( it came up quite a few times ) , or that the disbursement of eu funds in the uk makes everything else worth it . . 
  it 's more complicated than that , on both sides . 
  no , although . . 
  i 'm reasonably sure i 've heard it in station announcements . . but the parent mentioned ` even natives ' . 
  on balance , it seems very unlikely that the eu will fail , in fact it seems reasonably unlikely that the euro will fail either . 
  i 'd be much more inclined to suggest some fundamental changes will happen within the eu , and that will include reforms that stabilise the euro and deal with some of the structural issues . 
  that seems more likely once the uk has left the eu ( and i suppose it is possible a few other members will split out , but i would n't bet on it . . ) simply because it removes a large member who is n't quite pulling in the same direction . 
  i suppose we 'll see , although i also doubt that there will be sudden and radical change . . 
  the clarity on scrutiny ( even in this kind of vote ) is good too , its a step in the right direction and to a certain extent you could argue that it has flushed out those likely to simply oppose , rather than work with . 
   but using alight as the most precise translation seems to neglect the fact that many speakers , even natives , wo n't be familiar with the word `` alight '' . 
  i hope that is n't true . 
  whilst it 's probably not the most popular way of putting it , i 'd assume that most people have come across it at one time or another . 
   nothing that 's clearly not true , you can use policy to attract workers and to retain workers , it 's just generally expensive and then we are back to the question of the cost vs the benefit . 
   maybe my point was entirely that if you are in a union you have fewer tools available to you than you might otherwise , it also means people have additional benefits , but it does have an impact on what you could do . 
   which can be translated to lion or to milk . 
  that 'd make shopping online more interesting . 
  i 'm not suggesting that anyone be forced to do anything , i 'm wondering what countries can do to retain skilled people who could be a benefit to the economy in which they acquired those skills ...  so basically leave the eu and everything will be awesome i 'm also not sure where i suggested that . . 
  i suppose the question would be about how you get people to want to stay and work to develop that country , or indeed attract other people from even lower paid areas . 
  not to mention pulling people back in as a country develops . 
  it presumably comes down to more than just pay , but availability of work and quality of life has to be a factor . 
  whilst i sort of agree , that only gets you so far in terms of social impact in the country with the outflow . 
  you need the right government policy too , and if you are losing highly skilled workers , you have a major cost sink ( you are training these people after all ) . 
  you can end up with a bit of a vicious cycle if you ca n't manage other aspects of your economy ( especially in terms of regulation and currency . . ) . 
   people still send money home . 
  yeah , i 'd assume remittances are important in that context , but you 'd see a loss of income tax either way , you might end up with more money in the economy and more sales and other taxes paid , but losing skilled working age people does n't seem like a terribly effective way to develop or recover economically . 
   unemployed or minimum wage unskilled job at home , or skilled professional in the eu ( plumber , mechanic ) . 
  but with a higher cost of living too , and no income taxes or direct economic benefit from the work being carried out . 
  i 'm sure there is a decent balancing point where it works out well , but a large outflow ca n't be good in the long term . 
  the member states are the eu so , you have to balance it somewhere or change the structure . 
  if you change the structure that 's a whole different debate ( and whilst it would solve many of the issues the eu has , it 'd cause quite a few new ones in the interim ) . 
  might be less good in terms of the countries with a net outflow , i 'd assume that will have something of a negative impact on things like tax revenues and the ability to pay debts . . 
   who , and which religion ? 
  the uk , and the church of england . . 
  the uk does n't really have separation of church and state . . 
   as far as i understand it , it would 've been an improvement to italy 's democratic process . 
  indeed , i understand that there are concerns about centralisation , but that broadly , the changes proposed would have strengthened italian institutions and created a more robust and capable government . 
  the notion of tying that to the future of a single politician seems alarming , although at the end of the day that 's a matter for the italians . 
  i do wonder if there is any scope for reform under a new pm . 
   it 's believe it 's mostly happening in the uk , because of a missing constitution . 
  what ? 
  the referendum result is not the best news for italy economically from what i gather , but then it seems to have been turned into a vote about the pm rather than the issues . 
  the next few months are going to be interesting . 
  yeah , desert island discs is a radio programme where the guests are asked to choose eight records that they would take on a desert island with them . . miliband got a bit of stick for his pick siirc and it did include a robbie williams track ( possibly angels , i ca n't remember . . ) , he also picked ` je ne regrette rien ' by edith piaf . . 
  in a weatherspoons presumably ... 
  in the states , the markets are more distorted , especially for cabs . 
  a better example would be the uk , where they seem to be able to compete with other minicab services perfectly well , and adhere to the same regulations . 
  if you have very poorly regulated taxi services , then you need to fix the regulation , not try to circumvent the regulation by pretending that a taxi is n't a taxi . 
   since this is exactly how the healthy economy functions . 
  do we apply that to food standards ? 
  medicines ? 
  education ? 
  other public transport ? 
  housing ... 
  most things are regulated to one degree or another , if there were an extra regulatory burden being applied to ` ride sharing ' services you might have a point , but when they are being told they have to compete on a level playing field ( which by the way , they do do in other countries . . ) that is reasonable . 
  to determine whether it 's healthy or not depends on the regulation ( and so to the entire segment being regulated , not just ride sharing ) . 
  the pound is all over the place at the moment , and likely will be for a while , uncertainty is pushing volatility . . 
  it is a mature democracy , i think the thing that people miss when it comes to the ` populism ' line is that it was n't a wave of populism that triggered the exit vote , it is a position that has existed in the uk for a very long time ( on the right and on the left ) . 
  right now it seems far more comfortable for people ( both in the uk and in the eu ) to see it as some sort of aberration , a population duped , a charismatic leader ( in farage . . ) winning over the old and intolerant . 
  but it is n't , it is about a very different perception of what the eu is and what the uk should be ( and not 'em pire vs subjugation in the eu or something rather silly . . ) . 
  as to the planning ahead part , well , in the run up to the referendum , the government specifically decided not to . 
  this period where apparently the government has no plan and is taking its time , is the bit where it is planning ahead . 
  if cameron had triggered a50 immediately you might have a point , as it is , the government is showing it can plan for an outcome it did n't want , we 'll see the result of that in a while . 
  it 's actually really interesting watching both the uk and german media digest the referendum result and the aftermath , if for no reason that both sides seem to be looking for nice , neat answers to what are incredibly complex questions , and of course everyone is looking for someone to blame . . 
  you also have issues with the availability and access to higher education , it has expanded massively relatively recently , so you have a very large group of under 30 's who were expected to go to college and on to university , vs people over 30 ( broadly . . 
  i 'm not sure where the cut off is . . ) where university was seen as something for the absolute brightest and where there was a push toward employment rather than further education for most . 
  if you are blaming brexit on fake news , you have a very odd definition of fake news . 
   one could see the difference between a loan ( to be paid back ) and a tax break ( free money , no need to pay it back ) . 
  i suppose you could also argue that low interest on a loan is just reducing what has to be paid , in much the same way as a tax break just reduces what has to be paid . 
  i 'd be open to that if i thought the eu would act in good faith in return , but i do n't think it will , and i think that 'll lead to issues when it comes to getting it 's members to sign off on the proposed deal . 
  at the end of the day i 'd argue that the uk will protect the rights of eu citizens in the uk to remain in the uk either way , but the eu could well try to use uk citizens in europe as leverage , i 'd hope that causes issues for the eu in some member states , but who knows . 
  the tories will have a handful of rebels , if labour has a handful of rebels too then that is enough , for this to fail you need every single non-tory mp to vote against it , and a dozen or so tory mps to rebel , the conservatives have a majority after all . 
  it wo n't even be close . 
   i think labour said they will not vote leave unless there is assurances britain can remain in the single market . 
  labour have said they will not block the uk leaving the eu and the suggestion is that that will be separate from specifics on the negotiations . 
  the most likely requirements from the opposition will not be to remain in the single market , but to have input and involvement in the process for leaving .
