  that has shifted though , now you have services included , increasingly there are other regulatory issues and legal issues addressed too ( see isds . . ) . 
   for example , the eu and nafta are not comparable in any meaningful sense . 
  the eu is a proto-federation . 
  it makes more sense to compare it to the usa . 
  the eu is comparable to both , it 's also very different from both . 
  the eu also is n't the single market ( nor is it the customs union , or the eurozone . . ) . 
  i think this is where people trip up , but frankly from the perspective of someone in the uk or germany or canada , the realities and aspirations are the relevant bits . 
  people in the uk did n't just dismiss the eu because they did n't understand it , quite a lot of people ( including a lot on the remain side . . ) simply do n't really see the direction the eu is taking as one they want for the uk or themselves . . that 's a real problem . 
   the single market can be described as a free trade area as much as britain 's internal economy can be described as a free trade area . 
  sort of , but not really in the sense that anyone would normally understand ( r rather , it 's as much a free trade area as say france is , or iceland . . ) . 
  the uk is a unitary state , there are no internal barriers to the movement of goods , people capital or labour because it 's all within one country . 
  free trade areas usually involve agreements between more than one country . .  yes , it 's technically true , but it ignores the entire reason why it is n't called a free trade area . 
  the point though is that the eu approach has been holistic , adding free movement of labour to capital , goods and services absolutely makes sense in the context of an fta . 
  most people in the uk understand that the single market includes everything including free movement too , they also understand that outside of the eu they will be negotiating access terms to that , which might or might not include free movement ( probably not presumably ) given that full membership is n't possible without free movement , or a massive renegotiation of the fundamental basis of the eu as it exists currently ( which is a bit unlikely . . ) . 
   the number of brexiteers who conflate the single market with a free trade area is disgustingly high . 
  i actually do n't think that 's unreasonable . 
  the single market is a free trade area , just one that is deeper than most . 
  more to the point , if you are n't part of it , the freedom of movement bit is somewhat irrelevant . 
  the single market , schengen , customs union and eu also tend to get conflated , which does n't help . 
   deals we di n't have before and we 're doing fine . 
  well sort of , the eu could do better . .  deals that the other party came to us with . 
  not really , the eu canada deal was kicked of jointly , it is n't canada asking for a trade deal . .  we can afford to not take any deal that 's less than perfect which is nice . 
  yes . . 
  so can everyone else , it 's just a question of whether you want to . 
  no-one is going to bend over backwards just for a deal with the eu and the eu is n't going to for a deal with anyone else bar possibly the us and if there were ever the possibility , china . 
  it is n't worth it for developed countries because the status-quo is reasonable . . 
  what amuses me here is that all of them may well be true , in fact all of them are if you look at the actual articles . 
  what the post has done is extract the bits that are the most hyperbolic , or appear false if you remove the context . 
  take the most hyperbolic bit , the rather wonderfully titled ` now the eu is to ban the acre ' from the express ( 21 july 2008 , p10 & p12 ) , the quote is pretty out there , but what about the rest of the article ? 
   ** the traditional unit of land size will go the way of the pound , gallon and inch in the list of forbidden units of measurement . 
  the government 's surrender -- buried in the small print of an eu document last week -- could also make it more likely that miles will be removed from road signs in favour of the kilometre . 
  **  shadow europe minister mark francois said the acre should stay and the british people should be able to decide how they want to calculate the size of a field or building plot . 
   he added : `` whether we use hectares or acres should be a matter for britain to decide , not the eu . 
  once again this weak labour government has meekly given up yet another of britain 's rights to brussels . ''  virtually all land in the uk is sold in acres . 
  the official land registry also uses acres . 
  but from january 1 , 2010 all official documents and advertisements in britain and ireland will have to refer to land in metric hectares instead . 
   the move was agreed at a meeting of the eu 's agriculture and fisheries committee . 
  other eu nations sent full cabinet ministers to brussels but britain was only represented by the low-ranking jonathan shaw , the minister for rural affairs . 
   the size of an acre was first regulated in english law under edward i , who ruled from 1272 to 1307 . 
  an acre was originally the amount of land capable of being ploughed by one man and an ox in a single day . 
   britain 's eu membership has already meant the disappearance of pounds and ounces prompting `` metric martyrs '' like market trader neil herron to risk going to jail rather than sell bananas by the kilo . 
   the acre was supposed to be protected with the mile , the troy ounce and the pint . 
   only america , liberia and burma still resist the metric system . 
  now if you read that article , it 's clearly an attack on both the eu and the labour government of the time , on an issue that for some reason lots of people get really upset about ( many of whom do read the express , quite a lot who do n't too . . ) . 
  would you say that the article is presenting a myth , or would you say it does ( in amongst the references to edward i and the weak labour government ... ) give a clear notion of what is actually being done ? 
   personally i would say that the site did debunk articles . 
  i 'd say it debunked headlines it did n't like and selectively pulled from articles . 
  uk papers are n't kind to the eu , but they are n't kind to anyone else either , some people seem to take that rather personally , but frankly it is what the media is supposed to do too . 
  no , it 's a misleading headline . 
  it does n't however mean that it creates a myth , nor can you ` debunk ' the article by pointing out that the eu is n't banning cars , as that 's already in the article . 
  i sort of assumed that could be the case . . 
   no dude , the overwhelming majority of people genuinely do n't know shit about the eu . 
  the overwhelming majority do n't care much , and only know about the things they actually care about , but that 's true for a huge number of things . 
  it 's not quite as bad as most people seem to suggest , but not as good as it should be either . 
   i bet you could count on one hand the number of people in your immediate social circle who could explain what the single market is . 
  probably not , but i have a strange social circle . 
  i 'm willing to bet however that the average person would have as much difficulty explaining the single market as they would explaining corporation , or how their computer works . 
  people tend to have an overview , but a very shallow understanding , that does n't mean that they ca n't make decisions on broad questions ( like ` should we create an eu superstate ' ) . 
  they 'll just pick the issues relevant to that that they feel are important to them . 
   what do you mean `` pushed through at the last minute '' that opposition in belgium is dropped and the deal goes though at the last minute . 
  although just reading back i realise you could read it as though i was suggesting that there was n't enough time for governments to make an informed choice , that clearly was n't the case . 
   what is wrong with the way the eu negotiates trade agreements ? 
  various things , but the one highlighted here is the issue of the eu exceeding its competencies and then hoping that member states will agree to whatever has been negotiated . 
  it opens up trade deals to last minute domestic political issues , or pulls in single member issues ( like the visa stuff ) at critical moments . 
  personally i also have issues with how the eu runs consultations and indeed the way it negotiates internally within the bloc , but that is n't really that relevant here ( and it does mostly work . . ) . 
   i am willing to bet that a lot of people are opposed to a european superstate simply because they they do n't understand why giving the eu more power would alleviate most of its problems . 
  that 'll certainly be part of it , although i think not believing that it would alleviate many of those problems would also factor . 
  it still comes down to people actually wanting it though , at present there seems to be almost no attempt to actually present it as something that people might like , just incremental attempts in that general direction . 
   given that brexit has highlighted the pathetic lack of knowledge the public has about the eu , there is no doubt in my mind that the average european citizen could tell you why intergovernmentalism hamstrings the eu . 
  it sort of did and did n't . 
  interestingly most of the people i know who ended up on the no side did so after becoming more informed , most people simply are n't that interested in the eu , and that really does become a killer in terms of getting people behind the idea of centralising more power . 
   `` why should we give more power to an organization that does n't work ?! '', 
  indeed . 
   the goal is most likely to inform and entertain its readers . 
  well , it certainly entertains . 
   the story does n't match up with the headline . 
  it 's deutsche welles headline so , and arguably it does stack up . 
  it 's dead unless something changes , it does n't look like anything is going to change soon , so the implementation dates at the very least are going to slip , or there will have to be changes . 
   i am , however , skeptical as to their timing - the full text was released in 2014 and yet they hold their tongue and only announce critical disatisfaction with the deal days before the signing ceremony ? 
  hmmm ... not being massively up on belgian politics , have they not said anything , or were they just ignored ? 
  that 's your takeaway point ? 
  the press should and are free to print what they want , in the uk some are pro-eu some are anti-eu , some are left leaning , some are right leaning , but ` writing something i do n't agree with ' is n't propaganda . 
  hell , you can make a compelling case to suggest that the eu 's ` myth busting ' is in fact propaganda , it is designed to rebut criticism by dismissing it as a myth after all . 
   then they should not put courts that can overrule member states on non-trade matters in it . 
  ooh , we 've found something we agree on !, 
  the argument that the parent is making would open some pretty nasty doors , essentially allowing the eu to regulate by trade agreement ( and of course if the trade competency is excessively open , create an eu equivalent of the interstate commerce clause , which has been abused in lots of interesting and novel ways . ), 
  reasonably decent analysis by the ft :  if canadians had n't previously heard of wallonia , they have now . 
  the decision by the parliament of the french-speaking region of belgium to reject the proposed ceta trade deal with canada has thrown into confusion not just the agreement itself but the whole basis of eu trade policy . 
   traditionally , because trade deals affect the eu as a bloc , they were regarded as the preserve of the eu collectively . 
  this means that after being negotiated by the european commission , the eu 's executive arm , they can then be passed in the council of ministers , representing the member states , under a majority rather than unanimously . 
  if the deal covers certain issues such as cultural affairs , the vote in the council needs to be unanimous , though in practice trade deals tend to command unanimity in any case . 
   as the scope of trade deals broadened beyond goods tariffs to address `` behind-the-border '' issues such as services regulation , eu member states clamoured for the power to ratify such pacts country-by-country rather than collectively . 
   the lisbon treaty , which came into operation in 2009 and amended the workings of the eu , aimed to clarify which parts of trade deals were eu-only and which required individual member state approval . 
  those that combine both elements are known as `` mixed agreements '' . 
  in theory , if every member state decides to put them through their legislatures , there are now 38 parliaments that have a veto over mixed deals , including the walloons . 
  ...  even if ceta is eventually passed , the implications of this episode are grim for the future of eu trade policy . 
  first , trade deals , and particularly the isds issue , are a lot more contentious than they used to be , and in consequence the demand for extra layers of legitimacy has increased . 
  second , a relatively weak commission is being pushed around by the member states and finding it difficult to assert itself on trade policy . 
  third , unless those two problems are sorted out , trading partners are likely to be much more reluctant to put time and effort into negotiations with the eu . 
  i read the comments , i was just replying to your comment though , not the various parents . . you know , like how comment threads work .
