  if nothing else , this blockage makes it really clear that there are some real issues around the eu and mixed agreements and that the eu , if it is supposed to be an effective trade bloc , needs to deal with them . . as to ceta , if the belgian issues can be resolved it can still go forward , assuming no-one else decides to try to use it as leverage for a domestic issue ( which you can argue romania and bulgaria did rather successful ) . 
  if they ca n't , well we 've all learned a valuable lesson and wasted a bit of time - because it will come back again in a few months . . 
   but a lot of high-er income earners would be able to take advantage of lower corporation taxes [ in the us ] . 
  they would , but then high earners are generally more able to take advantage of the tax system , the initial comment related to people simply switching to self employment and paying no tax , which is a different preposition entirely ... you 'll note that your comment is all about the proposed tax plan of one presidential candidate , not the way the us actually handles taxation for self-employed people or single owner businesses . 
  it 's not how it works in the uk ( it 's not how it works in the uk either , you still pay federal/state income tax or a slew of others depending on how you are paying yourself , as well as social security and medicare . . ) . 
  if you have a company , it would pay the lower rate of corporation tax , but you still have to pay tax on any money you take out of the company , or that you pay yourself in salary , and obviously you still pay things like ni . 
   here 's why a 0 % or even 10 % corporation tax wont ' work : all employees will become self-employed contractors in order to avoid paying tax . 
  that 's not how tax works if you are self employed , nor if you set up a company and work through that . 
  there is more to tax than just corporation tax . . 
  china has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty , but you can still oppose the mechanisms used to do so . 
  that said , openness and global travel is a good thing , but there is n't one particular model that everyone has to , or indeed has subscribed to . . 
   of course , so nothing irregular happened . 
  nope , and arguably that 's a good thing , it means there is some flexibility . 
  the problem of course is that it also means that there is risk . 
   they are the heads of governments , not the ceremonial heads of state . 
  indeed ...  they are the acting governments , and for all intents and purposes those do determine the current policy stance of the member states , typically being assured of a majority support in their parliament . 
  they determine policy and set legislative agendas and so on and so forth , most of them can also pass legislation relatively easily . 
  but they ca n't do that without going back to their parliaments , they ca n't legislate on the fly . . to put it another way , a pm or president saying something is n't the same as a countries government being in a position to actually do that , and that 's a problem . 
  and remember , the point here is that it only takes one pm or president who ca n't bring along their government for this to fail ( and there are plenty of current eu heads of state who could n't guarantee the passage of legislation on a whole slew of areas . . ) . 
   i think the issue is that i do n't think that blockages at this stage of the negotiations are problematic . 
  this is n't the first time though , and it goes well beyond blockages to outright collapse of progress . 
  ceta at this point seems like it might actually be dead ... we are in a weird situation where the president of a belgian region is negotiating directly with canada 's trade minister while the eu and member states wait to find out what is agreed ... 
  even if that all turns out ok ( and that 's coming to a head today iirc ... ) it has already done massive damage to the eus reputation to be able to get stuff done , and that is only putting the focus back on other areas where the eu has failed to manage , never mind what it means for things like ttip and the other mixed agreements in the pipeline . .  of course they could be prevented by more thorough preparation and consultation , but there 's not a particular problem with it . 
  the problem is that countries negotiating with the eu , might find that the agreements they strike are n't deliverable . 
  at that point , what is the point in negotiating beyond the scope of the eus competencies ? 
  it 'd be much more credible to stick to things that the eu can actually make agreements about . . 
   no , the eu did n't , and the fact that countries are now voting on the treaty proves that - they could only avoid that with explicit permission of the member states . 
  the eu exceeded its competencies in negotiations , the deal exceeds eu competencies , which is why it is having to ask members for consent . 
  that 's perfectly valid , and there is a mechanism in place to do exactly that , but it 's the reason the eu is having issues ratifying trade agreements . 
  if the deal had been concluded within the competencies of the eu , it would n't require additional consent ... that 's not exactly controversial . 
   the member states are the european council , well no ... 
  the european council includes all members heads of state , but none of those are empowered to simply act without reference to their own governments and parliaments . 
  for most eu countries , a prime minister or president still requires the support of quite a lot of other people to be able to pass legislation , and they ca n't ratify treaties however and whenever they want . .  they appoint the commissioners , and they european parliament is elected by the same citizens . 
  indeed , but how is that relevant ? 
  the eu is empowered to act on certain competencies . 
  if it decides to try and work beyond those it needs to go back to its members . 
  in doing so it clearly makes it more likely that there will be blockages to any given mixed agreement passing . 
  the european parliament is just as constrained by the competencies devolved to the eu as every other eu body is , or indeed as regional governments are in member states . 
   that interpretation was what it hinged on indeed . 
  given that there was some pretty broad agreement that ceta was a mixed agreement , it seems that it goes beyond interpretation . . 
  so the issue is still the eu overstepping its competencies with no mechanism of guaranteeing support from member states before hand . 
  their customers are in the uk , domestic banks moving retail banking outside of the uk would make no sense whatsoever ... 
   tariffs being bad is an idea that has had hundreds of years to be debated , thrashed out , and a consensus arrived at that with very few exceptions ( e.g. 
  chinese steel dumping ) you do n't want tariffs . 
  even there its arguable . . for the uk and other countries that see a bigger benefit from cheap steel , than from producing it , tariffs are n't economically beneficial . 
  if anything they are happy for china to spend its money to provide something that they can process and sell at a mark up . .  this is n't specifically an eu problem - the usa is probably going to find itself in the same situation . 
  the longer these things go on , the more i think that the right future is one with fewer trans-national superblocs and more work on technology around things like supply chain tracking , to allow national or even sub-national decision making to be enforced without losing too much of the efficiency of a customs union . 
  there is currently an argument , especially within this sub , that large blocs are the future , i tend to disagree , i think large economies are going to become more common ( lots of potential out there . . ) but the answer is n't blocs that compromise on their strengths and find it hard to adjust to a changing world , but rather a more dynamic approach that is also less keen to regulate ( especially on areas where there is n't consensus . . ) . 
   juncker proposed to make the eu exclusively competent on the treaty , in which case the national parliaments would n't get a say in it , but that was refused . 
  actually , i thought junker argued that the agreement was n't a mixed agreement and national parliaments should n't get a vote on it ... 
  it was n't that he asked , it 's that he hoped he could bypass parliaments even though the agreement went beyond eu competencies ...  in belgium , wallonia also refused to mandate the federal government to do that for the whole of belgium . 
  not much the eu or other member states can do about that . . 
  nah , the notion that any eu/uk relationship is one sided is a bit daft . . 
  i did n't . . 
  i just replied to your comment . 
  the parent seems to have deleted their comment though . 
   instead of passing things down to whatever democratic setup each country runs , a vote could be held ( for example by the european council ) in which all members submit their vote . 
  possibly , although again , you have the issue of the eu essentially being able to bypass national governments on areas that they may be responsible for ( and that under normal circumstances they would have absolute control over ) . 
  the point to note i suppose is that trade agreements can be just about tariffs , or they can be about whether a nurse is allowed to perform a certain procedure , or establish new legal burdens , change criminal law etc. . 
  it might make more sense for national governments to agree to allow the eu to negotiate on certain aspects in advance , rather than trying to get permission afterwards . 
   this is n't even true . 
  it sort of is , and it sort of is n't . 
  the type of deal is important , if it concludes an agreement that goes beyond the scope of eu competencies , it needs the consent of member parliaments , if it is n't and sits within eu competencies , then it 's fine . 
  claiming ceta is n't a mixed agreement would be pretty hard . 
   it has defective decision making because eurosceptics block attempts to give the eu reasonable power . 
  define reasonable . . 
  the eu concluding binding deals with other countries essentially allow it to pass legislation for everyone , where should the limits sit ? 
  agreements like ceta and ttip etc. . are pretty broad and could have a very broad impact on all sorts of areas where the eu generally has no mandate and no responsibility ( like say , public service provision . . ) ... 
  the answer is n't more power ( or rather it might be . . ) the answer is agreements that do n't exceed the current eu mandate , or an extended mandate that covers what eu member states want from external agreements . 
  the argument would be that the eu is making deals it ca n't support . 
  it could make deals within the confines of its competencies , but instead is looking for larger more complex deals that end up having to be dealt with as mixed agreements . 
  the solution is either to give the eu wider powers ( which would lead to the eu essentially being able to legislate for national governments on areas that are currently reserved to national parliaments , via trade agreements ) or to limit the scope of the agreements ( which makes them less attractive . . ) . 
  it 's a structural issue within the eu , and if it ca n't be resolved it 's absolutely something that people sceptical of the project should be highlighting , when a huge trade bloc ca n't finish agreements it has negotiated , you have a massive problem ... 
   there is the accelerated cooperation agreement which allows accelerated cooperation of a project if at least 9 members participate . 
  probably important to note that when it comes to decisions on defence matters or decisions having have military implications , there is still an issue with unanimity there . . 
  so yes , 9 members can start a process , but it can still be held up by one who disagrees , or believes it has defence implications . 
   but many of these would n't even pertain to the uk . 
  even if the eu army proposals passed out of interest , once the uk leaves and the qmv votes are re-weighted , is there still enough support for a common army ? 
  people keep suggesting that the uk is blocking it , but its the uk plus others , if the uk drops opposition , is n't there a chance that it passes now when it might not pass after the uk has left ? 
   apparently the concept of a mutually beneficial union where the whole is greater than the sum of the parts does n't exist in the uk . 
  it absolutely does , the perception of the eu however is n't that of a mutually beneficial union in all areas , and there are issues in those areas where it is beneficial , and an expansion of those parts that many in the uk do n't see as beneficial . 
  that 's not an odd or even terribly incorrect view . 
  essentially the value of cheap steel to uk industry is higher than protecting the parts of the british steel industry that it threatens . 
  the uk broadly gave up the kind of bulk production that china 's over production has made incredibly cheap , the high tech production and working that steel however is still very much alive and well in the uk , as is using steel for finished products . 
  so the uk situation is different from that of say germany , who have both to protect . 
  in short , the anti-dumping tariffs would hurt the uk exporters and domestic producers more and so are less attractive . 
  to be fair nothing is certain until the uk leaves , but even if you take the predictions from the remain campaign , a hard brexit wo n't be insanely crippling , it 'll stunt growth . . 
  i 'd assume that the uk will aim for a an exit agreement that includes something like a transition agreement within the framework of eu competencies , not a trade agreement like ceta which by being a mixed agreement , goes beyond the eus competencies . . any trade agreement will come later as that transition pans out . 
  any particular key ? 
  the lighter the better . 
  drink more !, 
  well done you . 
  either you did n't read the article , or you are very confused . . 
  you could argue that by negotiating a treaty that goes well beyond the competencies of the eu ( and so allows members to veto things . . ) is part of the issue . . 
  at the moment that is only needed on trade agreements when the eu is negotiating deals that include things that are not part of its remit , that is to say they are n't exclusive eu competencies . 
  the alternative would be a bit problematic , it would essentially allow the eu to legislate via trade agreements , even where that legislation impacted areas that are supposed to be under the control of national governments . . you ca n't tell me that that is preferable ? 
  surely the proper answer is that either the eu needs to have more competencies in the areas it needs to do it 's job properly , or these trade agreements need to be simple and only relate to elements the eu does have competencies in . . 
  i 'd make it 16250 , but the population of the vatican is apparently 451 , which with 130 police would make it more than 26000/100000 ... 
   not sure this supposed use is as frequent as it is being claimed by mostly pro-israel organizations . 
  anecdotally its pretty common on the political fringes ( both left and right ) and clearly there are issues around it , the other side of that is that certain organisations also see any criticism as anti-semitism . .
