ca n't a submarine launch a nuclear cruise missile rather than a nuclear icbm ? 
  for example , could n't the royal navy place a sub somewhere in the baltic sea and hit moscow with a cruise missile ? 
  the distance is about 1000 km . 
  he also gave a similar talk several months earlier : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpopnfztfvq you might want to check it out -- at least the questions from the audience . 
  chomsky is basically quoting from this article by mearsheimer : http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141769/john-j-mearsheimer/why-the-ukraine-crisis-is-the-wests-fault the obvious moral problem with chomsky 's and mearsheimer 's views is that they are cynical . 
  it does n't matter what ukrainians want . 
  their fate should be determined by an agreement between the us and russia . 
  the analogy between nato expansion and the cuban missile crisis is interesting . 
  i agree with the assertion that if canada wanted to join a military alliance with russia , the us would go ballistic ( figuratively or literally ) . 
  but the fact that the us pursues aggressive foreign policy does n't mean that we must approve of this sort of bullying . 
  we can still say that the ukrainian people have a right to determine their own allegiances . 
  chomsky makes much of the alleged verbal agreement with gorbachev about nato expansion . 
  i think he is simply misinformed . 
  the verbal promise that nato would not expand into east germany was made by helmut kohl , the chancellor of west germany , who was not representing the whole of nato . 
  the us never promised such a thing ( although it did ask `` would you agree to a unified germany if we promised it '' , which is close to a promise but not quite ) . 
  more information here : http://www.spectator.co.uk/features/9304652/russias-nato-myth/ records show gorbachev made many comments * after * the alleged `` gentleman 's agreement '' which indicated that he did accept the possibility of nato expansion . 
  here is also a relevant article in the nytimes : http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/30/opinion/30sarotte.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 finally , i 'm not sure i agree with the idea that we can end the ukraine conflict by promising that ukraine will never join nato . 
  ( a similar idea has been recently put forward by zbigniew brzezinski . ), 
  i tend to agree with those ( like timothy snyder ) who say that putin is threatened by the possibility of ukraine joining the eu more than he 's threatened by possible us bases in ukraine . 
  the argument goes as follows : * putin knows that nato will never attack russia because russia has nukes . 
  however , he * is * afraid that he will be brought down by his own nation , maidan-style . 
  a successful ukraine in the eu would be a * direct threat * to his power because it would show his own people that an ex-soviet state can become a stable western-style democracy . 
  * therefore , even if we promised that ukraine will stay neutral , putin would still do his damnedest to ensure ukraine suffers a horrible fate to serve as a cautionary tale to those who might consider europeanization as an alternative to putin 's rule . 
  i heard that in brendan gleeson 's voice  http://youtu.be/xb7bwvd5b5y?t=15s, 
  some reasons why a weak ( or even better , disintegrated ) eu is in putin 's interest : * putin is not afraid of nato as much as he is afraid of his own nation . 
  since maidan , he has been terrified of the prospect of being overthrown by educated , middle-class russians . 
  joining ( or being affiliated with ) the eu is widely seen as a path towards stability , rule of law and democracy for eastern european countries . 
  the stronger the eu is ( and the more ready to accept new members ) , the more `` joining europe '' will be perceived as a viable and attractive path by the russian middle class . 
  on the other hand , a weak , divided europe with a crumbling currency , separatist movements , and rampant national egoism can no longer fulfill the role of `` exporting '' democratic values . 
  from putin 's perspective , eu must be weak so that russians believe there is no alternative to putin . 
  * a weak eu is also beneficial to russia for straightforward strategic reasons . 
  a disintegrated group of countries is far easier to `` play '' than a union of countries . 
  for instance , it is far easier to negotiate higher energy prices when dealing with one country at a time than when dealing with the whole eu . 
  `` special relationships '' can be maintained with selected countries -- lower energy prices in exchange for certain favors . 
  unruly countries can be threatened more easily . 
  and so on . 
  just to play devil 's advocate here , if we had n't taken zaolzie , the whole area ( containing ~ 100,000 poles ) would have been taken by hitler anyway . 
  of course , the soviets made the same argument when they invaded poland in 1939 ( `` we are protecting russian speakers from nazi germany '' ) , but the crucial difference is that poland annexed only a tiny region with a large polish population ( about equal to czech population ) , while the soviets took half of poland . 
  also , when we were busy repelling the soviets in 1919 , the czechs invaded zaolzie themselves , killing 20 captured soldiers in the process ( google `` stonawa '' ) . 
  to make it more palatable for the world powers , they cooked up a tale that the area was becoming bolshevik . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#1918-19 so it looks like it was a bit more complicated than `` we stabbed them in the back '' . 
  `` mutual backstabbing '' would be more accurate . 
  the problem is that for every 1,000 dead russian soldiers , you 'd have 2,000 dead ukrainian soldiers and 1,000 dead civilians . 
  would it be worth it just to maintain kiev 's control over eastern ukraine ? 
  you 've mixed up the cause and effect in your first paragraph . 
  my assertion was not that eu guarantees prosperity ( which you argued against ) , but that `` no eu '' guarantees `` no prosperity '' in the case of ukraine . 
  ( btw , your comments about poland , czech republic and italy are just weird . ), 
  your question `` why should putin care about a prosperous ukraine in the eu ? '', 
  has already been answered . 
  you seem to think that putin does n't think that far ahead , or that he does n't seriously consider the possibility of being overthrown like yanukovych . 
  you are entitled to your opinion . 
  but then you have to explain why putin invaded ukraine shortly after a staunchly pro-eu government took over in kiev . 
  was it just for the modest territorial gains ? 
  out of fear of nato ? 
  none of these sound convincing to me . 
  i 'm not sure any deals with putin are possible given his continued denial that russian soldiers are in ukraine . 
  the deal would have to be with the `` donetsk republic '' or some other ridiculous entity . 
  so one one side we 'd have nato promising `` no ukraine in nato '' , on the other , donetsk republic promising to lay down its arms . 
  who 's to say two weeks after such a deal we would n't have some other `` rebels '' stirring things up again ? 
  putin wants a `` frozen conflict '' that he can unfreeze whenever he wishes to jab at kiev . 
  i do n't know what the best solution is . 
  perhaps giving up eastern ukraine ? 
  ultimately it should be up to the ukrainians what they want to do , but they should be given the option to acquire western armaments should they want to continue giving their lives in defense of their territory . 
  i agree we should always be realistic . 
  the problem is , for putin it wo n't be enough if ukraine never joins nato . 
  he does n't want it to become a successful western-style democracy . 
  so yielding to putin would mean that we accept that ukraine will always be a poor , oligarchic , corrupt country . 
  the alternative is to try and get putin to back down -- for example , by arming ukraine . 
  i 've heard people say that the war in ukraine can never be won because russia is stronger and more determined . 
  but russia has weaknesses , too . 
  the overwhelming majority of the russian population opposes a war with ukraine . 
  they support putin because they believe russia is not fighting in ukraine . 
  for this reason , russian dead bodies coming back from ukraine are a huge problem for putin . 
  how would the russian public react to 5,000 coffins with russian soldiers ? 
  i 'm not coming out in support of escalation here , but it 's good to realize what the options are . 
  i agree . 
  it 's clear that if gorbachev had * really * wanted to block nato expansion , he would have gotten the agreement on paper . 
  i mean , how naive do we think the leader of a superpower can be ? 
  russians consider poland to be culturally different ( different religion , different alphabet , not to mention various historical conflicts between russia and poland ) . 
  on the other hand , ukraine is considered to be `` basically the same nation '' ( many in russia claim there is no such thing as a ukrainian ethnicity ) . 
  80 % of ukrainians speak russian . 
  ukraine ( kievan rus ) is also the cradle of the russian civilization . 
  ukraine joining the west and successfully implementing western values would be a far more powerful example to the russian people than poland , lithuania , estonia , etc. , and thus a far more dangerous precedent from putin 's perspective . 
  snyder addresses this in the talk . 
  it used to be the case that united russia was a middle-class party , but snyder says 2-3 years ago putin decided that he would pivot towards the lower class . 
  probably because the uneducated lower classes are super-easy to manipulate using `` russia stronk '' propaganda . 
  all the gay-bashing and `` morally corrupt west '' messaging is not aimed at the middle class . 
  i 've seen him on polish tv ( for example , tvn24 `` horyzont '' ) several times . 
  http://www.tvn24.pl/horyzont,46,m/janusz-lewandowski-timothy-snyder,295014.html ( note : snyder speaks polish in this interview ), 
  thanks , that 's very informative !, 
  his comments on nato are not just some off-the-cuff remarks that he threw around to gain votes . 
  he really believes it quite strongly . 
  in 1987 ( 30 years ago !, 
  ) , he even took out an ad in the nyt where he criticized the us foreign policy . 
  in short : our allies are laughing at us because we protect their interests for free while we do n't have enough money to properly take care of our own country . 
  that 's not how trump thinks . 
  first , he 's very worried about nukes . 
  the logical step is to placate russia , since it is the only country that 's able to destroy the us . 
  also note that he made a phone call assuring south korea of us protection . 
  why ?
