m8 we have n't even taken that many . 
  and i do n't think we should since we already have our own illegal problem, 
  youre just slowly connecting yourself to britain to invade them arent you ? 
   america has created jihadism by conquest . 
  money, 
  `` i just got back from germany for the 3rd time . 
  gave me lots of euros . 
  am going to go back again for more money . 
  you should come with me ahmed . 
  these idiots are giving money away ! '', 
  yah most of them are on welfare but their good for the economy we swear, 
  is this so germany can invade britain successfully this time ? 
  or is it someone else ? 
  we 've already had france and germany try to invade britain . 
  who is it now ? 
  that bit of rock at the edge of the italian/roman sea ? 
  the germans know how to make some nice music . 
  you 've never heard of the ~ ~ atlantic ~ ~ american ocean ? 
  britain 's catchphrase is `` no we 're relevant , we swear '', 
  ca n't hear you over my ocean !, 
  they way i say it , and how i hear others say it , i would think it would be colur, 
  when all you see in the media is american news and you only see people from other countries speak english , you get a twisted perspective . 
  also suing is our national pastime . 
  they were just trying to enrich you in our cultural customs, 
  i do n't think american tourists demand that everyone act the way they do , i 'd say for the most part , a decent amount of americans think everyone acts they way they do . 
  whenever i see in the news a tourist gets in trouble for something , it always seems to be either an american or chinese, 
  states are just provinces but with more local power, 
  july 4th , 1776 - end of time, 
  so the mindset is just `` if we leave , it 'll probably get worse '', 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  did you not see the shit antifa 's done, 
  antifa would rather have hillary then trump . 
  not all `` extreme racists '' are klansman . 
  there are extreme racists on the left . 
  the kkk really does n't exist anymore . 
  if it does , it 's probably just a few old dudes in alabama . 
  antifa also are n't too smart . 
  they liked bernie , but would * much * more prefer hillary to trump . 
  do n't just assume every single republican wants to hang a black man, 
  they 're not really liberals anymore . 
  they 've hijacked the term . 
  antifa, 
  hillary also had commies voting for her . 
  when you have a two party system , radically different people get lumped into together, 
  perhaps i should 've said they 're even more to the left . 
  the democrats also said trump was literally hitler , but i 'm disappointed by the lack of camps, 
  it 's boston what do you expect . 
  they 're more liberal then new york city, 
  coalitions just seem like they have to water down policies in order for others to go into a coalition . 
  [ look at this chin and think again ] ( https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/5/50734/1376202-mussolini1.jpg ), 
  moderate politicians need to step up . 
  because if this gets really bad and they 're not fixing it , people * will * vote for someone like hitler . 
  when moderates are n't fixing/ignoring people , the people turn extreme, 
  they 're leaving italy , greece and spain to drown in the flood . 
  if nothing changes , i 'd bet italy will have the demographics of america within a few years, 
  northern europe was definitely more supportive of migrants . 
  not what it 's turned into though, 
  you should vote for someone because of what their policies are . 
  not on the sole bases of `` better then him '', 
  at least with a two party system , you do n't need coalitions . 
  ca n't really think of many other benefits, 
  i feel bad for italy honestly . 
  did they ever want this ? 
  i was n't really into politics when the refugee crisis first started , but i do n't remember italy being for it . 
  it seems like the northern europeans wanted it , and now that they realize they ca n't handle it , they 're leaving southern europe to their own fate, 
  that 's how elections go now . 
  `` at least i 'm not that other guy '', 
  hitler on one side , stalin on the other, 
  hey !, 
  america probably, 
  why though, 
  he looks like he was a famous pop-star in the 80 's and still tries to be relevant, 
  how to get your people to elect the next hitler 101, 
  i 'd like to see a fight between them and `` muh irish heritage '' americans who think the ira is good, 
  europe 's biggest problem is third worlders flooding in . 
  muslims are killing innocents , changing demographics , raping , stealing , are n't integrating and are not helping the economy , even though politicians said they would . 
  do n't get angry at the people calling it out , get angry at the people causing it, 
  so in your mind , rape is the same thing as finding periods gross ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you need your head checked, 
  well if they did n't pour over illegally and commit various crimes , we would n't be in the situation which we 're in today . 
  let me know when you come back to reality, 
  basically , other people have different opinions . 
  you do n't like those opinions . 
  so you try to change their opinions by pretending their being sexist/misogynist/whatever, 
  go back to 2009, 
   kek . 
  ouch , the cringe, 
   disabled child . 
  ftfy . 
  and * i 'm * the disabled one ? 
  you ca n't even spell right, 
  guess you 're just going to act like a disabled child then, 
  either do better with humor , or just stop all together, 
   but i 'm saying they should n't be mocked for them no one mocks women for having periods . 
  what world are you living in ? 
   men should n't be afraid to touch a box of tampons they 're not  many people in america refuse to recognize these problems as problems how is acknowledging that a period is gross a problem ? 
   http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/20/opinions/robbins-hillary-clinton/index.html 1 . 
  it was a women saying it 2 . 
  it 's an opinion piece 3 .
