  to quote you from a different comment  completely different topic . 
  sometimes you just want to piss into the wind . 
  so hes saying labour should get more ~ ~ liberal ~ ~ left . 
  rock and roll , jazz , blues , r&b , rap , hip hop , twain , hemmingway , melville , hollywood . 
  other than all that you have a point . 
  that 's not the impression i got at all from stockholm . 
  the city has lots of drab 60s concrete and bland new glass boxes . 
  maybe gamla stan but then why would you not preserve that ? 
  essti mad !, 
  eesti , you dont want to . 
  trust me ... 
  woah woah , what ? 
  at the brink of bankruptcy ? 
  some one does n't understand national debts are n't the same as household debts . . 
  someone will forget to print their ticket for their flight to majorca , ryanair will be fine . 
  because its cheaper than financing you 're own defense . 
  it was a joke . 
  i should have added after all to the end . 
  if that base in venezuela was anything significant the us would have already put of strong sanctions against venezuela . 
  the united states bis by far the largest single buyer of venezuelan oil and one of the largest oil companies operating in the us ( citgo ) is a wholly owned ( albeit indirecty owned , whatever that means ) subsidy of the state owned venezuelan petroleum company . 
  this is just posturing and the us knows it , venezuela knows it too . 
  theyre smart enough to push the limits but not go passed them . 
  i do n't foresee a fleet of russia naval ships in the caribbean . 
   but as always its easier to blame the outside party instead of ones own country . 
  well germany and america arent that different after all . 
  thats it ? 
  not saying the negative reaction to the wiretappings is unwarranted but what does that have to do with trade policies ? 
  is this a common opinion in germany now , oppose seemingly `` pro-american '' policies ? 
  whats the reason for germanys lower poll numbers versus most other eu nations ? 
  its also already an international city with embassies ( not just consulates ) and other international organizations like nato . 
  geneva would be the best place but they arent in the eu, 
  oh haha , no worries . 
  what ? 
  im talking about the number of people that think the sun revolves around earth . 
  copernicus discovered that the earth revolves around the sun in the 16th century . 
  whats going to change in 10 years that hasnt in the 500 years up to that point ? 
  or piss putin off and build it in tallinn . 
  that huge old soviet relic from the 1980 olympics would be a poetic place to build it . 
  tallinn can finally put that giant hunk of concrete to use . 
  then move the 2nd eu center to a country in the east . 
  brussels can represent the older unified europe and the eastern office can bring the eu closer to the new members . 
  poland seems to be a good option , or prague . 
  the us went to war over weapons that never existed ... 
  would n't even need to bomb , the us is by far venezuela biggest buyer of oil . 
  cut that off and youd cripple the country . 
  christ , worldnews is leaking . 
  people from europe or america should never try to play this game . 
  nobodys going to win . 
   pretty sure not every detroiter wants to work in a car factory . 
  either way , their unemployment figure was never low enough in detroit to claim that new industries could n't find employees . 
  in the 60s , yes you did . 
  it was good money and good benefits . 
   new york city did it new york city was never this bad and has several advantages . 
  its 8 times the size , its a global city , its the seat of the un ffs ... , it always been a finance center , its a port . 
   well , they enjoyed kicking out and bullying white people when the economy was booming , i guess they 've learned that racism can backlash the hard way . 
  how were they suppose to diversify the local economy ? 
  no industry was gong to move to detroit at the height of the automotive industry because no industry could compete with the wages . 
  the auto industry paid too much for smaller industries to compete . 
  you also dont understand that a lot of the laws that deal with tax income for cities is dealt with at a state level . 
  and you do n't understand that racial issues played a big part too , detroit is the textbook example of white flight . 
  the city was already a sinking ship , they could have had the most pious government to ever exist and it would n't have lifted detroit out of its troubles . 
   they 're to blame for 90 % of it all !, 
  you dont have a clue what you are talking about . 
  the city government didnt have control over deep racial issues , global trade , nafta , automation , wage competition , the list goes on ... 
  the municipal government of detroit had practically nothing to do with how detroit ended up . 
  ukraine is going at this pretty much alone . 
  europe usually has the backing of nato for their endeavors . 
  do you commonly have to have everything explained to you in the most literal way possible ? 
  raise your taxes and start buildings carriers . 
  its going to be a lot of work . 
  i would welcome it but i think we will have nuclear fusion power plants before that happens . 
   frankly , ukraine entering nato could only seek to facilitate more conflict . 
  im not so sure about that . 
  i think putin saw the writing on the wall , ukraine was drifting west and there was a risk it would join nato/military allince/eu . 
  so start the conflict before they possibly join . 
  putins not stupid , he knew once any sort of military alliance or eu membership was established between ukraine and the west it was too late . 
  i really dont think putin wants to start a conflict with nato . 
  theres an awful lot of poorly armed european countries in this forum talking about the ineptitude of the ukrainian military ... 
   most opposers of gmo acknowledge that , but cfc 's , phtalates , pcb 's , lead and asbestos were also thought to be safe once upon a time . 
  were they thought to be safe according to an overwhelming majority of scientists ? 
   it 's not like were short on food anyway . 
  k but then why do so many anti-gmo activists then go to africa , india , philippines , etc where there are food shortages and try to block gmos ? 
  the climate deniers of the left . 
  stop ruining the narrative !, 
  thats really cool , ive always had a fascination with central asia . 
  also strange to think your country and kyrgyzstan were once the same country . 
  good luck . 
  speak : * english want to learn : * spanish - i live in the 2nd largest spanish speaking country , no excuse for not knowing a little * french - i love listening to french and even think its beautiful in its written form . 
  its is the most simple to understand for non native speakers , especially asians . 
   kyrgyz , is this for a women ? 
  cool regardless , just unexpected . 
  oh god what a night mare that split would be . 
  can you imagine the shape of the new diving line ? 
  talk about gerrymandering ... 
  though in this case yes , or the very least they sound exactly like climate skeptics . 
  good thing they believe in acting collectively to build things like levees ... oh wait . 
  keep burning that lignite ... 
  pretty much , i havent seen much of an actual debate about ttip on r/europe . 
  at best a comment even sort of supportive of ttip will have a cross next to it . 
  clearly an appropriate parallel,
