   former glories \u2611 earned your upvote already . 
  but my point is , had scotland voted to leave , the uk was prepared to let them leave . 
  same for the falklands and gibraltar . 
  theres a quite sizable movement for statehood . 
  the biggest roadblock is probably shithead republican senators from shit states like oklahoma and alabama who dont want two more democratic ( probably ) senators to mess with the balance . 
  it would also throw off the `` english is out only language '' when one of your states is almost 100 % spanish speaking . 
  ( ignoring the fact that the united states is already the 2nd largest spanish speaking country ), 
  scotland has way more oil and minerals . 
  because its not about the treaty . 
  the treaty is just the rallying point for other movements . 
  the anti-gmo movement ( the climate deniers of th left ) anti corporate movements , anti-globalization movements , anti eu movements and even anti us movements . 
  that was my point , if the united kingdom was willing to let scotland ( an integral part of the uk and hlf their own island ) break away , then if the wishes of the people of gibraltar and the falklands were to join spain and argentina , they would grant those wishes . 
  if uk was willing to give up scotland , they 're going to be more than willing to give up the falklands . 
  they 're expensive to keep and serve no strategic purpose . 
  because opposition is usually more passionate and motivated to protest . 
  nobody comes out to celebrate trade deals . 
  seriously . 
  spain and even more so argentina seem to think the uk would never turn over territories and its just imperialism . 
  the united kingdom was 5 % away from letting half their own island break away ... 
  how do they expect to win people over by equating the 2 ? 
  economically idk . 
  hispanics hate taxes like everyone else , but like social programs like everyone else . 
  just guessing , theyre moderate economically . 
  i think if they stopped now , yes . 
  whats stopping them ? 
  current republican voters , old white people . 
  if they get to far to the left on immigration it will piss off the base , then theres a good chance they will get primaried . 
  the current stock of republicans in congresshave been resistant to most of the proposals to solve the immigrant issues . 
  dream act and obama recent executive actions just to name a few . 
  the republicans party is very aware of this ( voters ... not so much ) and thats why people like marco rubio and ted cruz are getting lots of attention and are both running for president . 
  but even they wont easily win hispanic votes because theyre still quite conservative on immigration . 
  its going to be a tough future for the republicans in presidential elections . 
  they will still peform well in conressional and senate elections because of gerrymandering and the way the senate is composed . 
  but presidentialy its not looking good . 
  theres a lot of speculation that 2016 is the last realistic chance for a republican to win the presidency for the near future because of those demographic shifts . 
  after 2016 it will take a huge overhaul of the republican party to repair the damage . 
  hispanics arent exceptionally socially liberal . 
  id say because of the large amount of catholics in the hispanic population , hispanics were historically about 50/50 democrat and republican . 
  bush even won the hispanic vote in 2000 , but since the republicans ramped up the anti immigrant rhetoric and the social conservatism movement becoming less relevant the edge republicans had is gone . 
  overall hispanics are pretty moderate politically . 
  even gay marriage the polling shows them about inline with the rest of the country . 
  this creates an obvious problem for the republicans , they 've alienated a huge and growing voting bloc . 
  the only minorities still popular with republicans are the cubans and vietnamese and thats largely a generational thing . 
  young cuban and vietnamese americans are to the left of the older generation . 
  they truly are a party for angry white people . 
  it works pretty well ... for us . 
  i dont see it working for a united europe . 
   also , the hispanics will be an almost majority in the us by 2040 the united states will be a minority majority state around that time . 
  not hispanic majority . 
  either way though i think its good , it will force the republicans to be more moderate and hopefully make the united states more immigrant friendly . 
   just like the us dollar , the euro is n't some shitty 3rd world currency app ; es and oranges . 
  the us dollar is also the currency of a single sovereign nation , euro isnt . 
  not saying a collapse is imminent , just saying is not an appropriate comparison . 
   plebiscite in the islands i think . 
  how do you think that would go ? 
  what would the falklanders main objections be ? 
  taxing issues im guessing ? 
  i wonder what the nay sayers in the uk would say ? 
  `` tax burden '' would be my guess but the uk already spends that money , not sure what would change . 
  `` the sun never sets on the british empire '', 
   denmark - obviously the beer . 
  denmark has probably the best beer in the world , so they would be doing their fair share . 
  maybe its time to make the falklands a part of the united kingdom , not a crown dependency . 
  problem solved . 
  never have to worry about argentina or russia . 
  forgive my ignorance , i have no idea what would be involved in making the falklands park of the uk . 
  argentina seems to always run back to the falklands issue anytime shits going bad at home . 
  venezuela is the only one even remotely possible . 
  i dont think its very likely though , for all the posturing the venezuelan government does the trade relations between the us and venezuela are much to important . 
  i dont think they would risk it by cozying up to russia . 
  the us buys their oil , russia does n't . 
  american and canadian firms are also full of lots of nationalities . 
  id say a lot ( if not most ) of the firms employ many people who speak spanish and lots of asian languages . 
  and in canada , french is probably well represented . 
  but but what about russias buffer zone ? 
  shouldnt that take precedence over the wishes of sovereign nations ???? 
  why was this downvoted . 
  is say the 55 % isnt an very high when you consider it was about staying in the uk . 
  it was n't just a regular election . 
  you have to be really pissed off to want to break away . 
  i know its a joke . 
  not that belarus really serves as a barrier for russia . 
  damn shit , embarrassing geography mistake . 
  ~ ~ well it borders mainland russia and ~ ~ russia enclave . 
   all european governments are corrupt well he will learn when he moves to america, 
  pretty sure i saw that at tesco too, 
  the people . 
  strangest thing about america . 
  the nice houses are wood , the shitty one are.covered in plastic siding . 
  nah , we do n't want the queen and never did . 
  but they got healthcare right . 
  indiana is like a microcosm of the us . 
  the southern part is really southern and full of hillbillies . 
  bloomington.is a small pocket of hippies gays and counter culture . 
  indianapolis is moderate politically . 
  the central.part of the state is full of corn fields and shitty decaying factory towns and the north is more liberal since its close to chicago . 
  so just like the us , its just depends on where you are . 
  also.i.fucking hate mike pence , indiana is like the least known state . 
  there 's no reason a german should know about it but thanks to him we are now famous everywhere . 
  shh they 're one of the `` enlightened americans '' who spent a month ~ ~ backpacking europe ~ ~ smoking weed in amsterdam .
