  remember the context , its lithuania . 
  it borders russia , ~ ~ twice ~ ~ its capital is like 2 hours from.the border . 
  they 're small , they were occupied by russia for generations . 
  they 've only been independent for 25 years . 
  they really are n't fans of russia . 
  nato is probably the only reason there 's no serious threat to their independence . 
  he never fucking said that . 
  this sarcastic `` well i guess i 'm an anti-semite '' shit is used more than actual israel supporters calling critics anti-semites . 
  its like the go to response anytime someone counters an anti isreal comment . 
  sorry for the nitpick but the relevance of french in vietnam is diminishing and english is quickly outplacing french in vietnam . 
  if it has n't already . 
  tesl jobs are plentiful in vietnam . 
   while civil law systems are more prevalent in the world , finance prefers the common law . 
  why is that ? 
  we would still be talking about ukraine regardless . 
   pretty sure my little pony is american we would appreciate if you dont go around telling everyone that . 
  so germany has only themselves to blame for the nsa / s, 
  i think i could get around 60 % on capitals . 
  i profusely apologize , hopefully i can redeem myself . 
  excommunist isnt the same as ex soviet, 
  true so whos left ? 
  armenia ? 
  i dont know anything about russo-armenian relations . 
  141/141 first try . 
  not all americans suck at world geography !, 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania are in the euro . 
  moldova is looking west . 
  ukraine , not a chance georgia , right ... azerbaijan is doing quite fine on their own kazakhstan same the rest of the stans are run by leaders who probably are n't too keen on relinquishing power . 
  so that leaves belarus and who else ? 
  i heard a conspiracy the other day that america paid someone to shoot down the plane . 
  lol, 
  whats the reason its not going through armenia ? 
  seems like a more direct path . 
  is it geography or the poor relations between armenia and azerbaijan ? 
  we in america had a mass shooting in a kindergarten ... 
  lets not cast all of tunisia into a `` never go there ! '', 
  category . 
  hopefully this will strengthen the moderate and secular momentum in tunisia . 
  le edge, 
  ladies and gentlemen , this line of thinking is the basis for almost all wars . 
  `` you have a resource and i want it '', 
  i 'd say korea is an exception to this . 
  but in general yes , and i think its true in reverse as well . 
  germany had a way to do this , nuclear power . 
  but they decided to stop using it and increase coal and natural gas usage . 
  also they started purchasing power from france , the largest user of nuclear power in the world . 
  also it should be noted much of the coal used in germany is lignite which is the dirtiest type of coal . 
  its a request, 
  that the favorable opinions of russia might affect the greek view of the ukrainian situation . 
  i had a chat with a fellow from greece a few days ago . 
  best quote from the chat was `` nobody in europe cares about ukraine , this is just america and russia '' this was after talking about how most of that area of ukraine is russian anyway . 
  lots of nodding and smiling on my part . 
  can someone explain why this was downvoted ? 
   he us may be gaining interest for asia in the last decade , but that 's really just money , there 's no trust there . 
  i do take issue with the statement a bit . 
  i think this is heavily dependent on the country . 
  i would say the surge in good relations between vietnam and the us is largely about money and a common threat ( china ) korea on the other hand is based on a huge amount of trust due to the korean war . 
   we are , ultimately , their only real friends , the only ones like them , in terms of civlization , and they know that . 
  without us ( + commonwealth countries . . also western civilization ) , they 'd be completely alone . 
  i think this is true in reverse as well . 
  europe would be alone with out the relationship with the us canada and aus/nz . 
   however , it seems fair enough to consider that the eu is a huge market for us brands and companies . 
  us culture has an immensely strong foothold in eu countries . 
  the last thing they 'd want is eu countries to be ravaged by war , and thus deprive 500 million european consumers from purchasing us goods . 
  this is an excellent point . 
  one i try to point out whenever people make claims that furthering european integration is `` frightening '' the united states . 
  the point does n't make sense . 
  theres so many things the united states could do/could have done to block european integration . 
  the biggest would be to leave nato , it would not be hard politically to sell , at all . 
  just sell it as a money saver . 
  the united states does not rely on nato for security and to be honest a good portion of americans probably do n't even knew what it really is . 
  in its current state , unified europe is not prepared to defend its self as a bloc . 
  ive heard some say this was intentional so europe would be dependent on the united states . 
  maybe ... but the united states does n't set each countries defense budget and is actually growing frustrated with countries not spending the minimum 2 % ~ ~ required ~ ~ requested by nato . 
  the united states was also a big supporter of german reunification when other western european powers were skeptical and even bitterly opposed ( thatcher ) . 
  i think had germany remained split , it would have made integrating the other former eastern bloc countries a much slower process . 
  german unification also allowed a more unified europe . 
  lets suppose the united states motives are purely selfish , a united europe and a europe not steeped in war is what the united states needs to fulfill those selfish needs . 
   day the human race realises that countries and borders are man-made institutions im pretty sure everyone knows this ... 
  is this an art instillation thats making a comment or is this actually soviet style propaganda presented in an art gallery ? 
  i want year 2000 mccain back . 
  that scene would have been more accurate if they had been in riga and got dropped of about 10 km from the city center . 
  looks about as dirty most american cities . 
  veep was called the most accurate political show on american tv by a washington insider . 
  so the shows do exist but theyre the exception . 
  is there much incentive for norway to actually join ? 
  they 're already in the schengen , theyre rich as fuck and have a tiny population . 
  it tastes bland . 
  go to the uk , or holland or anywhere else where they dont drink uht milk and youll see . 
  k i guess the other countries just forgot to call spain when they decided to include the baltics . 
  sorry about that , next time we 'll remember to call you . 
  joining nato has to be agreed upon unanimously . 
  spain could have vetoed ascension of the baltics . 
  why then should all the countries that joined before 1982 pay for spains defense ? 
  then dont join a military alliance ( nato ), 
  it sounded finnish but idk . 
  maybe it was estonian or some other language . 
  that could be , it sounded finnish though . 
   uht milk why is this shit still used ? 
  its fucking terrible .
