not trying to brag at all but a european military alliance with out any us involvement that has the same power projection as nato is decades away . 
  thats every campaign in every country in the history of ever . 
  [ relevant seinfeld clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl4qfviruf4 ), 
  yeah that was aggrivating . 
  the only bus from odda to bergen and i didnt have cash . 
  had to rush the the atm before it left . 
  totally my fault but i was so pissed lol . 
  they use the gibraltar pound . 
  pegged to the pound sterling . 
  chinas was a bit more planned though . 
  would venezuela really risk their assets in the us by letting russia build a base anyway ? 
  i could see the us all of a sudden cutting off access to the us market if that happened . 
  not to mention russia does n't have a blue sea navy so were quite a fews away from said bases being feasible or useful . 
  but other than the baltics which are quite small ukraine would be the largest former russian land to join the eu . 
  you can add vietnam to that list , the us is close to lifting the arms embargo on vietnam because of the south china sea issue . 
  vietnam and the us have come along way in 40 years in no small part because of china . 
  seriously , its been explained a million times , if you leave shit out to dry it wont mold . 
  ever hear of beef jerky ? 
  oh yeah , forgot about max !, 
  that place was awesome !, 
  its really not that bad . 
  just has the reputation because its popular with stoners, 
   on the other hand , we do n't have nice little healthy sandwich shops , like pret a manger , in the us panera bread is pretty similar, 
  i had a really disappointing burger from hessburger when i was in finland . 
  the other time i went it was quite good though . 
  this thread is insufferable, 
  doesnt know how ? 
  he doesnt exactly have unlimited power . 
  unfortunately the shitshow that is congress is the only way for most things to get done . 
  self inflicted destruction . 
  as a vancouverite , his winters are very mild . 
  but this has nothing to to with personal guilt . 
  its about a collective guilt that society holds . 
  the last slave owner died long long ago but that doesnt mean the collective society of the united states doesnt feel guilt over slavery . 
  defend everything but a small path straight to the german border . 
  in all seriousness why do people harp about this so much ? 
  the us already uses metric in medicine , scinece and engineering . 
  most product labels use both measurements etc. 
  its used where it has to be used . 
  the us still uses it for roads , carpentry and a lot of things that if you never visit its not going to make a bit of difference to you anyway . 
  the only reason the us never made the full transition is because the us transitioned as much as they had to . 
  the united states has only 2 land borders of which it is much larger than either of its neighbors . 
  this reduced the need for a common system to make trade between neighbors easier . 
  ( versus europe where metric was invented and there were dozens of systems prior ) the us also has the largest economy in the world so it command products to be made using their measurements . 
  and the us is a huge manufacturer so it can just produce its own products using whatever scale it wants . 
  yes because it has abraham lincoln on it , that 's what im saying . 
  exactly . 
  wow , way to reduce it down ... 
  i mean really everybody 's money is the same . 
  paper , picture numbers ... every car is the same . 
  wheels , motor , seat . 
  every city is the same . 
  roads , buildings , bridges . 
  i love our old style bills . 
  very unique , not other country has money that looks like it . 
  the one dollar bill is the only one that still looks like that . 
  the new bills are just awful though . 
   screams corruption k dude ... 
  it might be wasteful and a little silly but screams corruption ? 
  that screams hyperbole . 
  what makes you think catholics are n't just as involved ? 
  unless you 're a contractor for google . 
  then you 're still paid shit . 
  there 's simply no money for google to pay their groundskeepers a somewhat decent wage / s, 
  lots of wealthy countries have mandatory military service . 
  singapore , switzerland , israel . 
  cn you please send carrefour our way , walmart sucks . 
  also the cheapest hostels with the best internet i ever gotten in europe were in the baltic 's . 
  latvia taking the bus from tallinn to riga i was starting to think the stereotypes were true . 
  it was gloomy , we passed through run down towns , you could smell wood smoke because i guess its still common to heat with wood . 
  then coming into riga we passed through the outer neighborhoods , full of old soviet block housing . 
  once i got to riga though i realized how amazing latvia actually was . 
  i did a fair amount of walking and made sure to see more than the old city ( which is very nice ) i had no idea riga had as much ( probably more ) art nouveau architecture than brussels . 
  i never planned on visiting the baltic 's so i did n't have much time , only spent around a week in all three . 
  but latvia ( estonia and lithuania as well ) are places i really want to go back and see more of . 
   just look at what people are earning their living with nowadays . 
  streaming on twitch , publishing independently , and a lot of other jobs you could n't come up with 10 years ago . 
  viral media based economy ... ok . 
  quiet , dont disparage the tech billionaire douchebags reddit revers !, 
  if a huge portion of american territory had the population density and climate of alaska , then yes . 
  guys just look at cold war era/red scare politics and apply it to today !, 
  ya 'll are forgetting germany won the world cup last year . 
  ive seen german flags waving from huts in thai fishing villages . 
  liking things on facebook is very passive . 
  maybe a lot of these people had a sudden interest in germany and german culture after the world so they decided to like german things on facebook . 
  also need to consider that east germany had many guest workers from vietnam , many of these profiles could be former guest workers . 
  people who still have an interest in what goes on in germany and may even speak german . 
  and one more possible explination , germany has 125,000 ( as of 2005 , wikipedia has no new data ) people of vietnamese descent . 
  perhaps family members in vietnam of some of those 125000 like to keep up with what goes on in germany . 
  vietnam is very active on facebook and is also a very young population . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if there were 30 or 40 million facebook users in vietnam . 
  ukraine isnt in that authoritative wikipedia link you posted . 
   finding a card reader on a market is very hard and using bank transfer for second hand trading requires trust/strong laws . 
  and to add to that , those personal card readers chage a per swipe fee . 
  in the us , square charges around 3 % i believe . 
  a lot ? 
   i do not agree with them annexing crimea at all , but it 's just not this black and white . 
  and the us does have a history of meddling in the internal politics of countries if it benefits their own geo-political agenda . 
  ( south america , iran , iraq , etc. 
  etc. ),
