how is it possible that uk natives * negatively * contributed # 600 billion ? 
  who pays for that ? 
  cameron uses a number of very silly arguments : that juncker lacks legitimacy because he was n't on any ballot paper , because the turnout was low , and because he did n't visit every member state . 
  he himself was only on the ballots in his constituency of witney . 
  did that make him less legitimate ? 
  tony blair was elected prime minister with 35 % of 61 % ( = 21 % ) of the electorate . 
  did that make him less legitimate ? 
  if obama did n't visit the states of delaware , alaska and wyoming , does that make him less legitimate ? 
  he 's even using this strange measure : `` the turnout decreased in most of the countries , '' to hide the fact that the turnout actually stayed the same overall . 
  i do n't like how he 's calling this move by the ep ' a back-room deal ' , when most deals in politics are of the back-room sort . 
  by the way , i 'm not a fan of jean-claude juncker , but david cameron is a hypocrite . 
  the state of irish is n't great , but there 's no way it 's dying in the next half century . 
  it 's positively kicking with life compared to many , many languages out there . 
  what strikes me is that there are major public opinion differences between east and west . 
  in light of that , the decision to essentially only represent western ukraine in the interim government was very unwise indeed , as was the decision to repeal the law on regional languages , which was seen as a snub to russian speakers . 
  the thrust is that there is little reason to be optimistic about hungarian democracy . 
  i 'm wondering whether that 's true . 
  is it ? 
  why ? 
  do you disagree with the main thrust of the article ? 
  maybe you can give some insight . 
  so what ? 
  why are fake marriages worse that real ones torn apart ? 
  immigration ( in moderation ) is good for everyone : the destination country , the immigrants , and their family/friends at home . 
  this irrational distrust of foreigners serves no one . 
  that 's what happens when you try to emulate populists . 
  british immigration policy is disastrous and the uk is going to pay the price for it . 
  that 's true , but it just illustrates another major problem ( or two ) . 
  we live in a political culture where economic growth goes above all . 
  increased economic output and what is generally desirable does n't overlap as well as many politicians seem to believe . 
  in addition i 'd love to see an end to this large-scale localism where politicians are mainly interested in people who share their nationality . 
  i understand where it comes from , but it also needs to stop . 
  i 'm getting the feeling ( although i wish i had some proof of this ) that european politicians are too subservient to business leaders to really consider painful measures that are needed to stand up for values we all share . 
  i really hope i 'm wrong on this . 
  who needs reasons ? 
  hitler did n't need reasons . 
  he could do whatever the hell he wanted . 
  he declared war on the us , a monumentally stupid act for which the reasons are a mystery to this day . 
  so just because this strategy has worked so far does n't mean it will work in the future . 
  it worked brilliantly for every nation that embraced it , until the moment came where it did n't . 
  it 's seems that you do n't understand what the idea and purpose of nato is . 
  all considered , a defence which consists of `` you can attack us , but it 'll be expensive , '' is n't very impressive . 
  more so when you have a ready alternative of `` you can attack us , and you 'll have the full military power of all developed nations to deal with . '', 
  being small equates to military weakness . 
  switzerland would n't stand a chance in any serious military conflict . 
  they might do ok in a guerrilla-style war , but you could argue that once you 've reached that point you 've already lost what you wanted to defend most . 
  i think neutrality may have been the best defence policy for some in the past , but still a very weak one because it only works as long as your enemy is n't interested in you . 
  a lot of countries learned this lesson the hard way during wwii : belgium , netherlands , denmark , norway , estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  only countries which through good luck managed to escape occupation are still neutral today . 
  ( austria is a strange case . ), 
  neutrality nowadays amounts to freeloading off nato and should be abandoned . 
  edit : since we 're all clearly talking about putin here , [ here ] ( http://www2.hs.fi/english/archive/news.asp?id=20010904ie3 ) 's something especially cynical he said in 2001 on karelia , which the ussr took from finland in wwii :  putin said that changing borders is not the best way to resolve problems . 
  however , he added that those calling for the restoration of karelia must not be ignored . 
  putin 's solutions to the karelia question are integration and cooperation . 
   the kremlin flaunted kaliningrad 's armed might when putin and his belarusian ally lukashenka raced their tanks and shelled the 14th century prussian church of gross engelau here during their ` zapad [ west ] 2013 ' military exercises this summer . 
  [ this ] ( http://russiatrek.org/blog/culture/the-medieval-church-shelled-during-the-military-exercises/ ) is what 's being referred to , if anyone is curious . 
  wonderful . 
  wow , 81 sure is a lot . 
  turkey wins so far i guess . 
  so if you 're not from a well-known city or town , how do you talk about where you 're from ? 
  say if you 're from gloucestershire , would you say `` i from near gloucester '' ? 
  what makes you think i see the dutch as a homogeneous group ? 
  just to clarify : i do n't believe the dutch hold actively racist beliefs . 
  in that respect holland is perfectly tolerant . 
  i do think though that there is a lack of ability to properly empathise with other groups . 
  this is n't even that particular to holland . 
  it takes some actual effort to see things from other people 's point of view . 
  i decided to post this because i find it interesting how heavily this debate is influenced by foreign reactions . 
  i think a lot of dutch people were shocked by the impressions other people had of our country . 
  it tells me that a country 's prevailing impression of itself is often wildly inaccurate . 
  ( this is n't at all surprising when you think about it . ), 
  dutch people genuinely believe we are an exceptionally tolerant country and it 's very difficult when such a firmly held belief is brought into question . 
  what this tells me is that there is still a lot that cultures can learn from one another . 
  what am i supposed to be seeing here ? 
  surprise surprise they 're not literally the devil 's spawn , but just like you and me . 
  look , all of that is true . 
  it 's obvious even . 
  it 's been known to be true for ages , but germany and the eu chose to turn a blind eye because greeks were splurging on bmws and german banks were funding it , making a fortune . 
  it 's being addressed , much too late , but it 's going to take time . 
  meanwhile , germany has to realise that its model is making a greek export-led recovery impossible . 
  there is no point creating supply if there is no demand . 
  that 's all well and good and it should definitely be addressed in due course . 
  but thinking that doing so right now will solve anything is lunacy . 
  so they should take their biggest competitive industry and make it less competitive ? 
  the point is the middle of the worst recession in decades is a really bad time to start taxing . 
  if there is a greek company that produces high quality concrete , they do n't stand a chance against the german producer because of the currency and high wages . 
  greece is cutting and taxing like mad right now and it 's only making matters worse . 
  it 's pulling money from the economy to pay debts that could be used to invest . 
  the economy has already shrunk by 30 % and so the debt only balloons relative to gdp . 
  meanwhile germany sits on it 's ass and tells them to be more like them . 
  the current course of action will never work , it can only end in disaster . 
  no wonder they 're turning to golden dawn , at least they offer some kind of prospect . 
  as hard as this might be to believe for you , the greek economy is not based on feta and olive oil . 
  that 's a pretty insulting caricature actually . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/greece_export_treemap.jpg ) , as you can see 1.4 % and 1.8 % relatively . 
  it would help exporters everywhere , including greece . 
  greece is in the dumps right now because it has no hope of competing with germany . 
  the euro is benefiting german exporters because its currency ca n't appreciate relative to the greek , making german products artificially cheap . 
  with the common currency in place rebalancing has to come from increased wages and domestic demand . 
  the global economy is stuck .
