  demand has to come from somewhere . 
  it should come from countries that can afford it . 
  that means germany . 
  we in the west still live under the strange assumption that we are somehow more deserving of happiness than everyone else . 
  i think that everyone no matter how unskilled or illiterate should have the opportunity to have a fulfilling life through hard work , not just the ones who happen to have been born in the right place at the right time . 
  chances are you 're young and smart and naturally able to find all the resources you need . 
  not everyone is good at learning a new language . 
  in fact , some people are really really bad at it . 
  a lot of immigrants lack the education and on top of that the older you get the more difficult it becomes . 
  does that mean we should send the old lady from the video back to pakistan to be persecuted for her religion ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that 's why we need to help people learn the language so they can contribute to society as well as they can . 
  and then they stopped inexplicably for 41 days at the edge of warsaw while the polish resistance fought in the desperate and doomed warsaw uprising . 
  only when the poles had been wiped out completely did the red army come in a sweep the remnants of the german army aside . 
  presumably it was a direct order from moscow that the polish be denied any opportunity to feel national pride , in order to discourage a strong nationalist movement after the war . 
  the point is that i wish people would give up this obviously false idea that history is black and white . 
  history is full of good people who do bad things ( and vice versa ) . 
  that was brilliant . 
  he talks so fast and uses so many terms i do n't know i probably understood about half of it , but the half that i got was really insightful . 
  maybe that 's actually one of the main problems with the global economy right now . 
  who actually understands what 's going on ? 
  not very many i guess . 
  a great feeding ground for demagogues blaming the greeks for everything . 
  ( never trust the greeks someone said a long long time ago . ), 
  i wonder when european leaders are going to get their act together and stop this senseless cutting . 
  not anytime soon i 'm afraid . 
  you know that 's complete nonsense right ? 
  even if you see some appealing symmetry in it . 
  even if there is some link between some boston drunkards ' dollars and london bombings it 's virtually impossible that victims of the boston bombing had anything to do with it . 
  that 's not justice . 
  it 's just more violence for no good reason . 
  the movement towards decriminalising drug use is not motivated by a sentiment that `` drugs are awesome . 
  everyone should do drugs ! '', 
  the idea is that harm can be better monitored and reduced if it 's legal . 
  since tobacco is already legal the question remains how to minimalise addiction . 
  i think that is in everyone 's interest . 
  if it is n't 100 % clear from the title , then it is once you 've read the article : the guardian is referring to the q&a session it did with snowden . 
  in it he explains a lot about what the nsa did and why he leaked it . 
  of british newspapers only itself and the independent reported on it . 
  edit : seriously , everyone who 's commented here seems to have missed this . 
  it 's becoming easier and easier to get irish butter elsewhere . 
  kerrygold has 15 % of the german butter market . 
  firstly , nonsense , if you were a refugee you 'd also go to where you 're most likely to be happy , even if that hurts the feelings of the countries you pass through . 
  secondly , i do n't think we should blame them for europe not having it 's shit in order . 
  refugees typically want to work and that 's easier in germany . 
  that 's a fair comparison . 
  obviously not everyone can go to germany and sweden , but it 's also obvious why everyone wants to go there : they are the most welcoming to refugees and offer the best chance to build a future . 
  this is a hyperbole . 
  he does n't actually prefer syria over poland . 
  do you really not understand why he prefers germany ? 
  does that make him a bad person ? 
  a little less hatred and fear , a little more constructive discussion . 
  i do n't think it would . 
  it would shift the problem elsewhere or push it deeper underground . 
  people are actively rushing into the country i live in . 
  i 've met them . 
  they want their children to not die and have a chance at a normal life . 
  [ this new york times editorial ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/03/opinion/australias-brutal-treatment-of-migrants.html?_r=0 ) called it ` ruthlessly effective ' . 
  it also completely ignored what is supposed to become of refugees then . 
  it did n't solve the problem . 
  it simply displaced it . 
  if i were australian i would be ashamed of this policy . 
  in thai you say \u0e43\u0e0a\u0e48 ` ch\u00e2i ' , roughly meaning ` yes ' , or \u0e44\u0e21\u0e48\u0e43\u0e0a\u0e48 'm \u00e2i ch\u00e2i ' , roughly meaning ` not yes ' . 
  what do you mean you do n't care ? 
  it will affect you and those you know more likely than not . 
  you probably do n't even have to live in europe to be affected . 
  rationally mad even, 
  lol ? 
  that just shows that you should not be talking about anti-semitism . 
  this story of jews being christ-killers is one the poisonous stereotypes that has been used to shit on jews since the middle ages . 
  what ? 
  this subreddit had a collective aneurysm when one of the terrorists was rumoured to have a syrian passport . 
  38 % of hungarians and 46 % of polish think the jews are responsible for the death of christ . 
  [ source ] ( http://archive.adl.org/anti_semitism/adl_anti-semitism_presentation_february_2012.pdf ) with many more delightful statistics . 
  i was shocked to meet several hungarians who proudly expressed anti-semitic views to me . 
  why is this only a problem when it 's muslims ? 
  oh well that 's settled then . 
  because that 's all that women 's rights consists of . 
  fyi only saudi arabia and the uae legally stone people to death . 
  ( which does n't mean it does n't happen else where . ), 
  here are some little tidbits i could find : [ between 1850 and 1870 ] ( http://www.recht.nl/proxycache.html?cid=33704 ) 157 were convicted of adultery in the netherlands , only 38 of which were men . 
  [ in 1892 ] ( http://www.alettajacobs.org/atria/aletta_jacobs/biografie/liefde_en_leven ) when aletta jacobs , a famous dutch feminist , married , she was legally obliged to swear an oath of obedience . 
  legal incompetence for women was only abolished in 1956 . 
  do you prefer safety or the illusion of safety ? 
  because it 's that latter that a wall will give you . 
  unfortunately building a wall is also much easier than real solutions : an open and equal society in which everyone is treated fairly and in which backwards attitudes are treated with good education . 
  i know this does n't give the same immediate satisfaction that an iron-fist , zero-tolerance treatment gives , but it 's more effective nevertheless . 
  what makes you so sure of that ? 
  i 'm not talking about the right to vote . 
  i 'm talking about attitudes towards men and women . 
  do you think women and men were treated equally in the netherlands in 1915 ? 
  i wish the world was as simple as you think it is . 
  we could just close the borders and everyone will live happily ever after . 
  i 've been in japan and although it 's a fascinating country with rightly many things to be proud of , their paranoid xenophobia is n't one of them . 
  you 've probably never been discriminated against for being white , but i 'll tell you , it 's not fun . 
  you 've got to be troll . 
  there 's no way you 're that dumb . 
  yes that is scary . 
  and yet all european societies held very similar beliefs only 100 years ago . 
  we got over it .
