  with hard work we can get over this too . 
  maligning all immigrants/muslims/different looking people like this sub loves doing recently is not the answer . 
  go on . 
  connect the dots . 
  humans are great at connecting dots that are in no way related . 
  or connecting them the wrong way . 
  usually such that they marvelously align with their prejudices . 
  and yes when you misinterpret the facts to fit with your xenophobic notions , you are a xenophobe . 
   how does this change the outcome of what is happening and what is necessary to repair things ? 
  it helps by not alienating well-willing people , because despite the fact that you 've had a few bad experiences not all muslims and brown-skinned people are bad . 
   any significant presence of an alien culture is going create a fifth column , period . 
  any significant presence ? 
  what ? 
  every minority automatically creates a fifth column ? 
   well , it 's working well for russia considering the extremity of their situation what are you talking about ? 
  what problems has favouring native russians solved ? 
   but you can make observations , no ? 
  yeah , and you can also be wrong about them . 
  your personal experiences do n't make you enlightened somehow . 
  what are you quoting all those numbers for ? 
  they may be facts ( not going to check them now ) , but what do you want to say with them ? 
  you do n't need to know the soul of uk minorities , yet somehow you know they 're all bad ? 
  because you saw some of them do bad things while you grew up ? 
  what ? 
  the united states have had wave after wave of immigration from all kinds of groups for its entire history and it 's the richest and most powerful country in the world . 
  how do you square that with your rampant xenophobia ? 
  i 'm here for the anti-muslim hate parade . 
  has it started yet ? 
   first of all we need a stronger and more effective border policy to stop the flows this is totally unrealistic and not focussed on solving the problem but rather on appeasing his constituency . 
  if you want to stop people illegally reaching europe , you have to give them a proper legal avenue . 
  no right-wing demagogue is willing to concede this from the start , so they 're going to continue peddling their populist fantasies . 
  as long as the war continues people will be dissatisfied with the prospect of spending the next 5 , 10 , or more years stuck in a massive refugee camp in the desert ( even if the living conditions are bearable ) . 
  and only when you offer those people a decent chance at being not-miserable , will you stand a chance at decently policing your borders . 
  this goes to a lesser extent also for all the other troubled places from where immigrants are attracted to europe : if people ca n't do it legally , they 'll do it illegally . 
  to most people here this is apparently taken as evidence that all refugees are greedy , opportunistic , lazy , and all-round bad . 
  to me it means very little because it 's a ( yet another ) single case with a lot of unknowns . 
  if everything that was written is true , these people acted very misguidedly . 
  what i would like to know more about is what people in syria are actually told about germany ? 
  it seems not unlike what european pilgrims used to expect of jerusalem ( jerusalem syndrome ) and what japanese tourists expect of paris ( paris syndrome ) . 
  i 'm not shirking my personal responsibility and but i also think this is a distraction because what i can do is insignificant compared to what governments can do . 
  i also , with everyone else , have to right to tell my government what to do because i 'm a citizen and i pay for them . 
  also , if i did n't put my money where my mouth is and were a slacktivist , that still would n't make me wrong . 
  that 's such a lame cop-out . 
  what i can personally do has nothing to do with this conversation . 
  ` essentially ' ? 
  they were given money . 
  they just did n't spend it the way the norwegian government wanted them to . 
  not surprisingly , because as a general rule people are the best judge of what 's good for them . 
  call me crazy , but i think fortunate people in rich countries have a responsibility to keep toward unfortunate people in poor countries . 
  if we 're not going to do that , they 're going to come here . 
  that 's not a crime , that 's just predictable rational behaviour . 
  what do you even base that on ? 
  it 's morally indefensible and unrealistic too , because people in poor countries are n't about to accept this unfairness the way you do , because they 've got the short end of the stick . 
  what made you entitled to europe with all it 's wealth and prosperity ? 
  not trying to be pedantic , but seriously , have you ever wondered about that ? 
  the problem is that legality should align with morality . 
  sometimes it does n't . 
  being a woman and voting was illegal in the 1800s . 
  being black and going to a white restaurant in the 1950s us was illegal . 
  spreading ` gay propaganda ' in russia today is illegal . 
  being iraqi and coming to europe is illegal in the same way . 
  right ? 
  so what that they 're both illegal . 
  one is highly immoral , the other much less so , if at all . 
  as if immigrating to england and shooting someone is somehow comparable . 
  no , i do n't think them gaming a rotten and corrupt system is wrong . 
  have you been in kurdistan ? 
  i have n't , so i 'm not going to make assumptions about what it 's like to try and build an existence there . 
  chances are i would do the same in his case , and so would you . 
  i know !, 
  the brazenness of wanting the same quality of life that we have . 
  do n't they understand that being born in a different part of the world makes them not entitled to a decent existence ? 
  i think we should shoot them all . 
  i do n't think they 'll be convinced any other way . 
  why is the country relevant ? 
  they 're only meant to be examples of facts . 
  here are some more facts that are actually toxic opinions in disguise : * [ 38 % of convicted criminals are black ] ( https://www.bop.gov/about/statistics/statistics_inmate_race.jsp ) * [ 99 % of rapists are male ] ( http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/soo.pdf ) * [ 48 % of billionaires are jewish ] ( http://www.topix.com/forum/afam/tcel6h6l79c279eva ), 
  i 'm not changing the topic . 
  this fear of muslims is irrational . 
  native europeans thinks plenty of retarded things to worry about . 
  they vote for xenophobic parties . 
  4 out of 10 irish people recently voted against gay marriage . 
  i find that pretty alarming . 
  and they had the benefit of being fully integrated in western society from birth . 
  can we all just calm down and think this through for a second . 
  if everyone who was n't muslim lost the right to vote tomorrow , sharia would * still not * stand a chance . 
  even if a simple majority was all it took to change the constitution . 
  it 's not true that norway 's per capita contribution is the same as the uk 's . 
  [ reference ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2012/buchan_swiss_norway_11oct12-6427.pdf ) `` currently , norway contributes euros 340m a year to the eu . 
  if multiplied by 12 for britain 's much larger population , that rate would imply a contribution for the uk of just over $ 4 billion , or nearly half its current net contribution to the eu budget as a full member . '', 
  switzerland pays even less . 
  of course it 's hard to compare norway 's and switzerland 's contribution to that of full members , because it 's hard to measure what they get back for it . 
  but we should all try a bit harder to include facts in the conversation . 
  after all , that was the leave campaign 's mistake too ... 
  this is an animation of the temperature at an atmospheric pressure of 850 hpa , that is at about 1500m above sea level . 
  not the temperature that most people will experience . 
  it 's time to whip out to old [ correlation does not imply causation ] ( https://xkcd.com/552/ ) . 
  no you should have a look at the actual results : http://graphics.france24.com/results-first-round-french-presidential-election-2017/ m\u00e9lenchon wins in the north of [ marseille ] ( http://imgur.com/iq4voi3 ) , fillon in the south . 
  and of course macron wins [ paris ] ( http://imgur.com/d8og8hk ) . 
  what u/thomanou says checks out .
