  companies are not citizens and not a country . 
  jesus just read what you are voting for, 
  sorry dude , get back to reality . 
  plain boycott . 
  i boycotted it . 
  i said others to boycott it and why . 
  and those who went to vote from who i know ( quite few , probably 1 out of every 20 ) voted no . 
  oh yeah , member of 10 years joining in . 
  we are still waiting for your lidl stores to open up in coming years . 
  never heard of tesco planning something here . 
  what ? 
  i do n't know really . 
  probably because he decided to choose poland over lithuania . 
  assassinated or not still ca n't fake history :d, 
   king stefan batory because the only king of lithuania mindaugas is just too real, 
  haha :d he 's so unpopular ( if i can say that ) in lithuania that there are literally no people named after him , while other guys like vytautas , mindaugas , k\u0119stutis are quite popular . 
  well i never watched rt before , but i have to agree - it truly is russia 's propaganda channel, 
  yeah ... you definitely did not live in ussr, 
  so why did you make such an argument ? 
  they can buy more arrogancy-free spaghetti . 
  oh sorry , as someone said here before . 
  phobia is irrational fear , while phobia of russians is very rational . 
  invaded `` disputed territory '' and georgia proper . 
  just admit it - russia never brings peace , it brings `` peace '' . 
   but it was turned by western propaganda like it was russia who started it . 
  dude , even you agreed that russia invaded georgia , while georgia did nothing bad to russia , only being the unfortunate country to border russia . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/27n7f6/russia_warns_finland_against_joining_nato/ci2vox5 http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/27n7f6/russia_warns_finland_against_joining_nato/ci3ntmm nah , i just think you eat too much propaganda for dinner . 
  but you did - just read your messages , where you tried to bend over and not call it an invasion . 
  calling other ignorant for saying that it was an invasion . 
  and if you still try to say otherwise , then i 'm sorry - probably was speaking to other vladibot on this account the other day . 
  well i hope to backpack/hitchhike in central europe . 
  i have tickets to berlin from vilnius for 3 euro . 
  although , i 'm not really sure about hitchhiking , but i probably have to risk something :d . anyway , i plan on visiting my sis in stuttgart and then maybe going to denmark to visit a friend . 
  and if i 'll still be willing to go somewhere then i have no idea where to go :d . 
   well , duh !, 
  so why did you try to say otherwise ? 
  : ddd  so did nato in serbia , and they did it for basically the same reason ( although it was much more brutal ) . 
  and when everything fails we go the other russian way - blame west . 
  you finally found the courage to say that russia actually invaded . 
  does not want `` hot '' region near it 's border , so the best decision is invasion . 
  well yeah . 
  because you ' r story is missing russia . 
  you said what happened , like georgia tried to force abkhazia to stay ( just like now ukraine is trying to keep east parts of the country ) , abkhazians responded violently and then bam - russia modafaka . 
  so that 's what everyone is saying . 
  no , i mean russia 's invasion of georgia . 
  where georgia tried to calm down separatists of abkhazia . 
  a `` country '' which organised a cleansing of georgians . 
  and cis ( read russia ) had sanctions on abkhazia until 2008 when putin decided to invade . 
  russia is just not the country to bring peace and prosperity . 
  courses for what ? 
  you are living in an environment where everywhere you go it 's foreign language . 
  idk how it 's possible not to learn the language in decades . 
  that 's just higher level of closiness, 
  i 'm sorry to break this to you , but invasion does n't work without shooting or blowing things up . 
  so stop lieing to yourself, 
  so you are stupid because russia helped to keep `` peace '' in that region ? 
   because south ossetia is russia are you this fucking stupid ? 
  yeah and media has something to do with it . 
  like i remember reading some time ago , that german and polish media collectively decided ( probably with help/push of governments ) to publish more positive news about each other and keep negative ones to the minimum and it improved both countries peoples opinion on each other . 
  and here it 's definitely not like that . 
  for example we are subscribed to `` lietuvos rytas '' one of bigger newspapers . 
  and i have noticed that they tend to put poles in a bad light . 
  when i see article about poland/poles i 'm always like : `` oh this gun be gud '' . 
  usually it 's some shit like crazy poles and their 110 % devotion to christianity . 
  although last time it was some serious stuff - stories how mother kills 5 or more children ` cuz abortion is forbidden . 
  anyway , that newspaper does n't form hostile opinion , but it certainly makes poles look like some crazy shit people . 
  and i must agree , there have n't been a lot of problems in polish side . 
  yet polish card ( karta polaka ) is a bit controversial , but as far as it 's not a massive thing it will be pretty much ignored . 
  i have not idea . 
  and i believe it was 20 years ago . 
  it 's a shame that it has been so long . 
  i see no reasonable points in not allowing it . 
  well you failed to prove that that you had any rights to it before 1920 , that is after we declared independence in 1918 with capital vilnius . 
  so i do n't find it hopeless . 
  well yes there were quite a lot of poles in the region , but does it really gives a reason to annex a part of other country ? 
  see ? 
  you are just trying to be the pole that we want to kick ass . 
  well they are not nazis , but they are not the friendliest fans . 
  whenever polish team is going to play lithuanian team the media just goes on like this : `` oh shit !, 
  poles are coming !, 
  watch these x years old videos of poles starting a riot in vilnius stadium , x+y years old video of poles coming with swords and daggers . 
  but do n't worry - this time we quadruple our police forces and we are sure that there wo n't be a lot of damage done '' . 
  well it has a bit to do polish minority . 
  like you have good relations with countries you do n't have border with , unless they do something really bad . 
  and they try to `` protect '' polish minority in lithuania . 
  and countries do n't like when other countries interfere in other countries affairs . 
  like polish foreign affairs minister said he wo n't visit lithuania until poles are able to write their names/surnames in polish letters . 
  kek, 
  well you simply agreed to it . 
  [ with suwalki agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suwa%c5%82ki_agreement ) . 
  but i do n't think we should be taking this any further , because it just adds to the problem . 
  one of the reasons why lithuanians hate poles is because `` wilno nasze '' . 
  we were pretty much friendly until 1920 , but then poland decided to expand a bit . 
  and after that lots of propaganda was published in lithuania about those dirty poles and it just keeps on being alive . 
  yes , i 'm quite disappointed that the only polish party so pro russian and does n't really do anything for the poles themselves . 
  for example , in polish media you probably heard that we do n't allow polish people to write their names in your special letters . 
  as in only lithuanian litters allowed . 
  but for the first time llra ( polish party ) is in the ruling coalition and nothing has changed ( a bit over than 1.5 years after elections ) . 
  and do n't even ask about economy in those polish regions . 
  although they are near capital vilnius - economical powerhouse , llra ca n't even attract money to the region around vilnius , in which they single handled have control in them , ( regions around vilnius only get few % of what vilnius is able to attract ) .
