  like genocide insane . 
   for that of our descendants , so they may live in a world free of the russian . 
  only by region . 
  well i 'm a bit suprised estonia has bigger brain drain than lithuania, 
  may be, 
   after all , ukraine is not a real country . 
  nothing to see here . 
  and this is the top comment . 
  have vladibots came to / r/europe ? 
  apparently yes, 
  hey , i think i missed it , but can you tell me what is happening with siberia/konigsberg autonomy/freedom movements ? 
  you take comments for money . 
  i can say i fucked your mom , but in reality i did n't . 
  yet you live in internet and i live in real life and i can say that you are blind . 
  well it kinda is factual , i mean no normal citizens have tanks in their backyards or guns in their house in case they have to `` protect their land from fascist in the government '', 
  or russian propaganda, 
   when the british occupied my country ( ireland ) but you are blind to the fact that ukrainians are not occupying part of russia . 
  they are living in ukraine and ukraine forces are trying to regain control of ukraine 's land for ukraine citizens to live in . 
  if russians want to go to russia they can do that very easily . 
  it was e-sim , although i think it lost it 's charm, 
  well when we are talking about macedonia , we all from time to time wonder why fyrom . 
  i did also , but when i was a game moderator for one game where people played for their countries the most intense problems where with macedonians and greeks . 
  not with baltic and russians , not with germany and france , not with indians and pakistani , but greeks and macedonians . 
  it was insane . 
  i could not comprehend how much of hate they could have for one another . 
  it looked like every player from those countries participated . 
  and that is why i 'm very interested how greece will react when macedonia will be just a step away from becoming eu member . 
  it 's not even technically possible to call it a totalitarian regime , because it is a union of 28 countries . 
  i repeat . 
  28 different countries . 
  well by viewing major tournaments on tv football is in front , 
  and that is why vytautas is one of the most popular names and you will have a hard time finding jogaila now . 
  yeah some do follow , but it 's a bit hard if you want to watch a match , because they usually start at night ( like 2am ) or very late in the evening . 
  first two places will shift . 
  it 's just a matter of time :d, 
  and russia is actually russian federation , but nobody sees it like that, 
  magic, 
  lol , silly norwegian, 
  [ by united nations ] ( http://unstats.un.org/unsd/methods/m49/m49regin.htm ) [ ( wiki link ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe ), 
  well yes i mean even `` poles '' here ( citation , because they ca n't speak polish ) speak russian , but belorrusian minority is [ a bit smaller ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_minorities_in_lithuania#independent_modern_lithuania_.281990.e2.80.93present.29 ), 
  lol . 
  well all baltic states are considered to be part of northern europe . 
   this was also a reason why the russification policy that the soviet leadership persistently implemented in all its republics was one of the toughest in estonia and differed substantially from their decisions with regard to latvia and lithuania . 
  umm ... well for lithuania i consider that a false statement . 
  yes our older generation probably could speak russian a bit better than estonians ( ca n't prove or deny that though ) , but there 's another thing . 
  we have significantly less russians here ( 6 % compared to 24 % of estonia ) and they mostly have settled in vilnius region , a place that was mostly controlled by poland in interwar period and lithuanian identity did n't form as strong as other regions . 
  even today you can see that if you come to vilnius , you can hear russian quite a lot , but if you go to places like kaunas well you have a challenge . 
  in the year that i was residing in kaunas i heard russian once and it took me 5 mins to hear russian in vilnius , when i came back . 
  yes , very true , but i doubt that , because it 's untrue, 
  ok , thank you, 
  yeah , i totally agree . 
  even in such a small country like lithuania you can see some differences between people living in different regions . 
  well the map is a bit hard to read . 
  there 's only one colour and i do n't like such maps . 
  well my uncle employs ukrainians in sweden . 
  a bit over a hundred if i recall correctly and he says that they do n't want to come back to ukraine as they can be enrolled in army and are staying in sweden . 
  well there certainly are some countries , heck even countries that were colonies themselves or occupied that are quite good now, 
  you travel . 
  in soviet union propaganda said that west is rotten and will fall any day , but when people travelled they saw that they are the ones rotting . 
  guess why the wall was built ? 
  yeah ... 
  but the thing is that as you live in us you do see a difference , but we leaving outside see you as one country and some of us do n't actually know that you are a federation . 
  from never to once or twice a year , but just because i use id card . 
  although , that does n't lessen the importance of similar passports . 
  yeah , just like your passport :d, 
   that 's the idea of economic inter-dependence . 
  to be deadly scared of pissing off bigger countries ? 
  well it 's not so expensive if you are coming from the west , that 's for sure . 
  it 's quite popular for brits to come here and celebrate their bachelor parties here , because it 's cheap . 
  so maybe that gives some image for you . 
  well wilna is latin as i remember . 
  i did see a shot of kaunas . 
  and i was a bit suprised , that there were no shots of kaunas , but then again after living in vilnius for so long how can i compare kaunas to it ? 
  or atleast wilna ( vilna ? ), 
  as much as i do n't like orban , i consider this over hyperbolization, 
  well yes , vilnius does look nice, 
  well it 's not the `` head '' , but if you just let random people shoot your neighbours at your doorstep and stay silent , then you have a problem . 
  well it 's not first time this is being posted over here , so i will probably just say that orban is no figure that i would like to follow or shape position of eu . 
  i just can not imagine how this question even got asked . 
  yup, 
  we know that our protection is mainly in form of nato and eu , but we fear that we are not big enough and we could be swiped quite quickly . 
  yes you can be based on history , but we are sober and see that barely no problems come from the west . 
  they are our allies . 
  but we do n't trust russia . 
  and we clearly see that we still are in their `` area of interest '' as no higher diplomat of russia has visited us and recognised us as independent country . 
  no president visited and no prime minister ( as i recall ) . 
  that is why we always said that russia can be a problem . 
  only now is the time that west actually sees it and partly understand us . 
  we probably wo n't . 
  and it 's not `` easy '' to have guts . 
  when you are thousands of kilometers away it 's easy . 
  but when you know that any minute missiles can be launched from konigsberg and reach your capital ( and probably your home ) in 30 minutes and stay silent is plainly stupid . 
  i do n't approve this post as i do n't see orban as any figure that i would remotely respect nor do i see anything positive in this post , but your comment is just bah ... we fought that enemy . 
  we had hundreds of thousands people deported when ussr occupied us . 
  we had partizan war for about 10 years and we could n't win . 
  that 's why when we won our independence we urged to join nato and eu . 
  to run away from russia . 
  we had a long history of being under russian occupation and we want others in europe know from our history , that if you will end up under russian control shit wo n't turn into gold ... 
  ah ... have n't eaten them for a long time, 
  the numbers are pretty accurate .
