  maybe a bit higher , but not much . 
  the thing is that in recent years these blockades of our products were quite often and businesses diversified . 
  like in 2 years export of meat dropped 4 times . 
  also , the thing is that a huge percentage of that export ( some say it 's 80 % ) is reexport . 
  as in stuff from spain , italy and so on . 
  so the biggest problem would be not for our producers , but for our truck companies and drivers . 
  you guys would be surprised how calm the media is here around here . 
  everyone is like : `` sanctions ? 
  it 's that time of the year again ? 
  well do n't worry people , businessmen have already started diversifying from autumn 's ban of products . 
  it 's no biggies . '', 
  it is , kinda ... ( carslberg owns it ), 
  no , because you would n't be able to see it anyway  _ , 
  thank you , i specialise in sarcasm, 
  can we take pictures of earth of europe ? 
  find out in next episode of the series, 
  we have it a new low, 
  thanks, 
  the what ? 
  i have hitchhiked through europe this summer and i have to say that people do care . 
  even you care a bit if you noticed that coverage from your point of view can be anti-russian . 
  i do n't remember a thing about stuff in the news that i do n't care . 
  like celebrities . 
  three connections . 
  well that 's certainly a new level . 
  but are n't there any problems driving these in the streets ? 
  like do they have enough space ? 
   k\u00f6ningsberg was renamed to kaliningrad following ww2 and it should have been taken from russia just after ussr fell, 
  i think you do n't know what genocide means . 
  well it was probably getting better then . 
  probably not in 2014, 
  in lithuania we have ( had ? ), 
  this stereotype that estonians are slow . 
  like : hey , who 's standing over there ? 
  it 's estonian running . 
  which country is the richest in the world ? 
  estonia why ? 
  they do not manage to spend their salary before the next comes . 
  then we also have jokes about new russians - as in very rich . 
  santa claus is asking new russian what he wants for christmas and he says `` no , you say what you want for christmas '', 
  what treaties have been broken by europe ? 
  name them . 
  [ budapest memorandum on security assurances ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) . 
  and you think that russians who know english would be resistant to propaganda, 
  and we are not pretending . 
  although , eu exists to keep peace in europe and looking back in past we see that it mostly succeeded . 
  and i have to say that you probably never leaved your city , because eu does indeed try to lift living standards in poorer regions . 
  believe it or not - it does not happen overnight . 
   lithuania is not part of the eurozone . 
  so what ? 
  we will be soon ( and that wo n't make us poorer ) . 
  latvia and estonia are now . 
  and i do n't see them getting poorer . 
  every country is unique and you are just searching for enemies and negativity everywhere . 
  at least try for some looking for the good things . 
  well of course i need proof for something so painfully unobvious . 
  we are poor and we are getting richer . 
  basically you can look how poor countries [ contribute less than they receive ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) to eu budget, 
   yeah sorry but i 'd call it ` liberated ' do n't worry , we forgive you - we all make mistakes  the important thing is that vilnius is in lithuania again , 
  dude , i do n't think you understand what i wrote . 
  we actually were on the verge of borrowing from imf , but our politicians decided not to take the loan ( as latvia did ) , because we did n't want to hurt our `` image '' . 
  and as i see it worked , because you have no idea . 
  crisis averted . 
  we actually had possibility to loan from imf , but we said that we can get money without looking too desperate . 
  nah , ** average ** salary , as you said , in lithuania is actually a bit below 700 $, 
  lol . 
  it 's been 10 years since we are in eu . 
  please , go back before censorship wall . 
  yeah , i have to agree with him . 
  also , i bet we will experience a bit of jump in wages after euro and politicians will decide to make minimum higher quite soon . 
  well the shadow economy is quite big . 
  as i remember around 30 % gdp . 
  so yeah , even though you earn minimal wage , i bet you also get some money `` under the table '' . 
  also , i read somewhere ( i ca n't find an the source ) , but lithuanians are spending like 78 % of eu average surpassing both latvia and estonia by little more than 10 % and poland . 
  lol atleast show some proofs, 
  freedom , humanity , brotherness . 
  yet you caught russian golovatov who was charged with crimes against humanity , but you let him go to not make russia mad, 
  well austria are one of those that want to keep good relationship with russia no matter what . 
  you are just a splinter in the ass of european values, 
  agreed . 
  baltics - [ northern europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe ), 
  you probably never been to russia , have n't you ? 
   russia would be a perfect partner for europe . 
  oh look an austrian saying that . 
  am i surprised ? 
  fuck no, 
  no , because now it 's only allowed to buy/own ( ? ), 
  300 ha and thus companies bought more land before the law took place and i think it would be a lot more complicated now . 
  latvian brothers , why are you not in top 7 ? 
  baltics looking forward for weed !, 
  well i doubt it . 
  as it would not be some law , but it would be in constitution . 
  i do n't think there are any ways to bypass it . 
  and also i 'm pointing out that tuesias does n't really understand what he voted for . 
  do n't lie niga . 
  change in article 47 said `` land can only be owned by citizens and lithuania . '', 
  see that word ? 
  which one you ask ? 
  only . 
  yes the word is only as in only citizens and lithuania could own land .
