   living in territories annexed by lithuania in 1939 whoa , dude , slow down . 
  we have just retaken our rightful lands as it was annexed by zeligovski/pilsudski and poland, 
  well of course there is , but it was decided to put coat of arms , because it has been on our coins for centuries and we wanted to keep it that way and spread it all over the europe :d and about your image - i was very surprised . 
  i certainly did not suspect it , because center of the europe is not a very popular go to place :d, 
  yeah , probably true , but it was middle ages , while countries based on ethnicity started to form only in xvii-xviii centuries , so i do n't see any problems in that, 
  really ? 
  i think you have too much hitler in your head :d, 
  well it 's russians and zhirinovsky , so i bet they actually mean what they say . 
  well you probably have less populist politicians or on average are a lot better educated :d, 
  well for lithuania : our major political parties ( that is in parlament ) agreed to reach 2 % by 2020 . 
  would we leave nato ? 
  because if it 's not nato it 's russia . 
  we have been under russian occupation for almost two hundred years in our thousand years of existance . 
  did we like it ? 
  nope . 
  never fucking ever . 
  and that is why we are just rolling as fast to europe ( eu and euro ) , nato and other organisations as we can . 
  woah , easy there poland . 
  you 're not in xviii century anymore . 
  i 'm not so sure about all the companies ( ca n't really identify them ) , but i 'm sure there is a bit more variety . 
  like lithuania has a retail chain maxima . 
  :d one step at a time . 
  it 's kinda hard to get them accepted in public and even harder to get them elected . 
  well , atleast i voted for that brit, 
  next step - black guy !, 
  it was mentioned in delfi, 
   strictly against this monstrosity but why is it a monstrosity ? 
   closest allies, 
  because i think he compares different things rather than the size of countries that you are doing . 
  but it 's compound growth . 
  so it would take 81 years of 100 gdp 10 % growth to overgrow 100 ' 000 gdp 1 % growth . 
  of course the difference between these countries is not so huge . 
  you have to be some really idiotic dude comparing country of 140 millions to 3 millions and expecting huge metropolis in later one . 
  a8 countries ? 
  hm ... 1 ) freedom of speech . 
  you can actually organize a meeting that would go against nato , eu and not get in trouble . 
  2 ) no food deficit or lines for few rolls of toilet paper . 
  3 ) you can divorce freely . 
  no one will forcibly tell you : `` maybe you should try to fix your relationship for 6 months . '', 
  and after these forced 6 months : `` hm ... 
  it did n't work out ? 
  maybe you need 6 more months '' 4 ) you actually have a choice of parties . 
  5 ) not everything is owned by country . 
  you actually have rights of property . 
  your flats wo n't be taken from you if government finds out that you have more than one . 
  a lot has changed and it baffles me how someone can say that it was better `` with the russians '', 
  how does it do it ? 
  compared to soviet union - yes, 
  you know . 
  you convinced me . 
  you write such nonsense that i actually believe that you think nato is bad . 
  went from shitty russian imposed `` communism '' to democracy, 
  dude , i 'm not even talking about lithuania here . 
  yeah ... 
  provides free education by deporting firstly deporting teachers and their families , healthcare where you have to pay bribes if you want to get anything done and infrastructure that looks depressing as fuck, 
  oh , i do know what were the plans . 
  and i 'm just saying that both of these countries were terrible and it 's real tongue twisting to say that one was better than the other . 
  i do n't know . 
  i believe i should ask you that question , because your brain certainly was in a gas chamber . 
  i 'm not trying to hide that . 
  it 's just hard for me to say how much of a support was there in lithuania . 
  i do know that right now it indeed is downplayed , but at the same time we know that soviets were almost considered allies . 
  they could have been a friendly nation between wars , but their imperialistic views got in the way of it . 
  first the ultimatums and then occupation . 
  and after occupation the repression of people and how russian soldiers acted made people very anti-russian . 
  soviets lost an ally , although small , but still lost it . 
  and yeah there were some soviet supporters in baltics and lithuania , but it 's quite hard to say how much . 
  partly because of authoritarian rule of antanas smetona and his dealing with opposition ( that includes communists ) . 
  i 'll speak about lithuania for , i hope , obvious reasons . 
  since we declared independence in 1918 we had those soviets or bolsheviks . 
  although , it was mostly an army coming from russia to make that `` international revolution '' a thing . 
  since lithuania had just recently restored independence we did not really have an army or guns and other equipment to make a real battle . 
  and after ww1 germany had agreed to protect lithuania for few years , until lithuania has a proper army , but germans were on retreat ( after the war was over many left back to germany because they did n't know why they should protect this `` lithuania '' and they did n't want to fight communist . 
  communism was quite popular back then , also in germany 's army ) . 
  and one german commander ( unfortunately i ca n't look up his name atm ) organized a new formation of army from volunteers . 
  they mostly came from saxony , leipzig , dresden and they were mostly students or homeless men ( although with some battle experience ) . 
  but do n't be fooled - these volunteers were actually getting paid by german and lithuanian governments . 
  and these volunteers from saxony were better equipped and more prepared for battles than lithuanians . 
  they helped to fight of bolsheviks . 
  but there was little to no coordination between germans and lithuanians , because they did not trust each other too much . 
  anyway , answering to your question - afaik there was no ( or very very little ) help from britain . 
  help came from poland , but then they annexed vilnius region ( still hoped to recreate commonwealth , that 's why vilnius region was called `` middle lithuania republic '' ) . 
  there were some people that supported soviets and communism ( i have to repeat myself and say that it was quite popular in europe at that time ) , but it was not so widespread , because lithuania had just restored it 's independence and they were ready to fight for it 's freedom . 
   british navy right at their ports can you expand what you are talking about ? 
  some terrible things ... soviets invented gulags ( or concentration camps might be more popular name ) , caused ukraine 's holodomor ( man made starvation that killed millions of ukrainians ) , cleansed countries of their intellectuals and other people , forced nationalisation , just sent people to die in ww2 , because they had too many people ( two men for one gun - one dies , second one picks up the gun ) . 
  soviets were no angels , but they were on allies side , that 's why russia has n't changed yet - they have n't lost a real war . 
  and cold war was fight for influence . 
  no one wanted ww3 and unfortunately proxy war began . 
  it 's a sad thing that other countries had been involved in these games of superpower countries , but tyrannical countries should not be allowed to rule the world . 
  well of course , but they wanted freedom . 
  they knew soviets were bad and oppressive . 
  fun fact : in lithuania soviets were considered even worse than nazies . 
  before ww2 there was a strong anti-german sentiment in lithuania , but after soviets occupied lithuania , people changed that sentiment to anti-russian ( soviets lost an ally ) . 
  then people hoped for americans to free them , but soviets were too powerful . 
  i 'm sorry , but you do n't know the definition of colony . 
  because they can market themselves better ? 
  on one side you have a country that was democratic from it 's beginning and trying to maintain peace to some degree . 
  on the other hand you have russia . 
  it never really had democratic control . 
  it was always a country with `` strong hand '' .
