in what way ? 
  polls go up and down , and the rcp average shows that he is only 6 points away . 
  that 's astonishing for someone that is supposed to be the second coming of hitler . 
  if you look at sexual harassment , the numbers are 81 % in sweden ( # 1 ) , 75 % in france ( # 3 ) , while the average is 55 % and countries like poland are at 32 % . 
  it does n't take a genius to see the pattern . 
  i mean 81 % ? 
  come on . 
  the discrepancy you speak of may be due to your country 's muslim population coming mostly from turkey and bosnia instead of africa , or better integration/standards for behavior . 
  well trump actually has a great shot at winning . 
  it seems simpler to use digraphs . 
  it 's easy to remember because sh/ch are common in english . 
   the words `` czysta '' ( starting with the affricative `` ch '' ) and `` trzysta '' ( starting with the stop-fricative `` t ` sh '' ) mean vastly different things ( `` clean '' and `` three hundred '' , respectively ) . 
  what language does n't have intricacies like that ? 
  english has bow/bow/bow / bough and even bao . 
  through and threw also mean vastly different things but luckily context solves these problems . 
  if you are talking about an amount , then ` czysta ' probably was n't what you meant , and when speaking about the condition of your countertop i do n't think the number 300 would apply . 
  no , the purpose is consistency when words change . 
  the patterns are g : \u017c and r : rz , ie . 
  of course it does . 
  you do n't like him and want hillary to win , so anything goes . 
  you like to call him thin-skinned and dangerous , and likely to start a nuclear war . 
  how is it possible that a guy with a business as successful as his , is thin-skinned and prone to emotional outbursts and actions ? 
  there 's no way he could have loyal employees or business partners , or be able to negotiate contracts or obtain investment capital if that was his true temperament . 
  it does n't take more than a few seconds of thought to realize that , so i can only assume that you do n't care and are willing to use anything to go after him . 
  there are legit reasons to criticize him , but i laugh when i hear stuff like ` unstable ' or ` unsuccessful ' ; that kind of weakness is borne from desperation . 
  except poland meets the spending obligations ... so if you are going by trump 's comments on nato , then he would absolutely defend them . 
  edit : oh nevermind , trump bashing seems to be a hobby for you . 
  not * as * negatively affected . 
  which is a better scenario : an enemy at the border of your country , or one which is inside your country and indistinguishable from a native citizen ? 
  violent conflict is never good but it is certainly worse inside than it is nearby . 
   many of the teenage pilgrims in krakow say they fear a wave of `` islamisation '' or `` secularisation '' from western europe . 
  ( oddly , they sometimes conflate the two . ), 
  not odd , one seems to follow the other . 
  it wo n't happen , there are just too many differences . 
  personally , i think that is a good thing . 
   education/infrastructure/equality of income is vastly superior agreed , but why ? 
  i know you could say instability because of crime/violence in mexico , but then why is there all this crime in the first place ? 
  it ca n't be this infinite feedback loop ; there must be some underlying causes that we can remedy . 
  i believe laws are not effective as tools of prevention , but tools of punishment that only serve as a deterrent for less honorable people . 
  good people will internalize the rules to the point where enforcement is unnecessary , because they feel shame and self-correct . 
   it 's true that ** we ** do n't really have gang culture . 
    honestly i do n't think that making gun laws less strict is worth the risk it carries . 
  it 's not like you ca n't get a gun now , and when system works , why change it ? 
  i wo n't argue , since i live in the us and do n't believe in trying to change countries i do n't live in , but damn i love the 2nd amendment . 
  the us has it 's problems , but the constitution is a beautiful thing . 
  ( and you are right , it is much less necessary to have a gun in poland than in the united states in the first place ), 
  yep , as an american , there is no way in hell people are giving up their guns . 
  you could argue that the country is too weak simply because there is a strong culture of gang membership , violence , and corruption in mexico . 
  poland is not rich by comparison , so why is the government ` stronger ' ? 
  maybe the culture is entirely different and the restrictions are n't even necessary in the first place . 
   some polish dudes decided to pass anyway and drove their car into the protesters with at least one protester getting injuries . 
  thats what triggered the protesters . 
  source ? 
   the difference was poles controled the government , courts , schools , army , police , etc. 
  so if a pole was misjudged by a hating ukrainian , he would certainly get much more help and justice than an ukrainian misjudged by a hating pole . 
  firstly , i said that some ukrainians feel that way , and only because i 've seen them say so . 
  i make no judgments and have no opinion as to how common it is . 
  second , you are acting like that never happened in reverse . 
  there is no difference , since it happened in both lands . 
   somehow im ok with those lands being in poland . 
  and somehow i dont have any hate for polish people . 
  i used to think modern poland was one of the closest friends ukraine has . 
  yet , as this article says , `` the doctrine has been questioned by some commentators and politicians , particularly in the 21st century , [ 4 ] and it has been suggested that in recent years the doctrine has been abandoned by the polish foreign ministry . '', 
  do you think that i do or something ? 
  poland is not just some politicians . 
  that doctrine , btw , is bad for many reasons that have nothing to do with whether people in poland and ukraine are friends . 
  this is not a criticism of ukrainians in particular , but the ukrainian government looks very corrupt and unstable to me , in part because of foreign influence from interested super powers . 
  it sucks that it has become a playground for these parties , but let 's not ignore what is going on , and how it affects the rule of law . 
  the eu is not a good thing . 
  why would i want to invite my friend to join me in suffering ? 
  ukraine , if it joined the eu and common currency , would become the next greece within a decade . 
  giving up your sovereignty and control over your currency is dumb , and subjects you and your countrymen to the whims of retarded politicians who have no idea who you are and no appreciation for your way of life . 
  poland in particular has it good , but that 's coming to a close soon now that big daddy britain is leaving and taking his wallet with him . 
  the only benefit to ukrainians would be schengen ( and access to the common market ) , but that is rapidly disappearing now because bureaucrats have decided to flood europe with muslims . 
  i think poland is held back by the eu , but luckily , it 's going to collapse soon because german and italian banks are nearing crisis mode . 
   obviously not the fact that he was polish . 
  i do n't know what was in their minds , and neither do you . 
  they could tell his origin just by the license plate on his car , so it is certainly possible that it has something to do with that . 
  ( they were also near the border ) all i know is that they were protesting and decided for some reason that these people from poland should experience their wrath , so your assertion that ` ukrainian radicals do n't attack poles ... not anywhere ' is wrong . 
   lets face it , ukrainians arent aggressive towards poles just because they are poles . 
  just like poles arent aggressive towards ukrainians just because they are ukrainians . 
  something must have triggered those ukrainians and thats probably wasnt his ethnic origin . 
  everyone has their justifications . 
  there are people who want to come annex polish lands , thinking that they are rightfully ukrainian . 
  they might attack poles and call it righteous for that reason . 
  obviously in a hypothetical attack like this , no theft would have truly occurred , so how would you describe it ? 
  i would say that he attacked the man for being polish , because he has a warped conception of what that entails . 
  i do n't think there is a point in arguing over semantics . 
  you could say he attacked the man because he thinks that polish lands are actually ukrainian lands , and that he believes this man is somehow connected to that because he is a pole , but that is a mouthful and does n't add anything useful . 
  besides , you ca n't factually prove someone 's motivations , only their actions . 
  tell me this : if you found out that this real life situation was in fact triggered by the protesters thinking that poles stole land from ukrainians , and they decided to punish him for it , what difference does that make compared to saying that they attacked him because he was polish ? 
  to me , it 's an unnecessary distinction . 
  read the article , they took him to the station for his own safety . 
  if you ca n't read polish , then use google translate . 
  sorry , but ukrainians are not immune from being violent . 
   the policemen said only that transported us to the police station to ensure our safety , and the testimony we make as witnesses - said the journalist . 
  the hospital finally hit three people - ukrainian who struck his fists on the window of the car ( left hospital while having been provided with wounds ) severely beaten in the face and shoulders mariusz trubalski , and phd . 
  maria s\u0119kowska with suspected broken ribs . 
   whats important here is that ukrainian radicals dont attack poles . 
  not in poland , not in ukraine , not anywhere .
