  easy . 
  thirth , try it you 'll like it !, 
  probably without , i have n't noticed anything german in it . 
  as far as the movies themselves are concerned , him being a butler as a sort of daytime job would make no difference what so ever . 
  plus he does most often look like one :p, 
  and the scandinavian countries too !, 
  although strid usually refers to a battle or fight , within a war . 
  \u00d6rolg only refers to naval war . 
  haha `` ice '' and then `` danskj\u00e4vlar '' !, 
  boat all the way compared to boat some of the way and then rail or simply donkey cart . 
  probably . 
  unless there is plenty of fish i do n't see how they could sustain a larger population than what it already has . 
  if all you have is a coastline and rainforest , and god forbid you touch the rainforest , you will have to rely on imports . 
  look at iceland for comparison , around 250k population and 1/3 -1 / 2 the size of the uk . 
  coastline , glaciers and volcanoes . 
  the two places differ in that on iceland , you ca n't physically grow many things whereas in french guiana you can , although that would require you to tare down the rainforest and that might put you on the receiving end of god knows what . 
  obviously , this is all based on speculation and many hours playing civilization . 
  and that space is used to launch esa rockets so i do n't think they will give up on that any time soon . 
  the checks take place on swedish soil , at least that 's how it works now . 
  funny because english is not even an official language in england . 
  so this rule would only apply to immigrants but not people born there ? 
  the political elite and royalty did n't use english as a language for several hundred years after 1066 . 
  there are plenty of laws still in use , written in `` anglo-norman french '' the royalty has a french motto . 
  mind you there are still several languages spoken in the uk that are not english and england does not have it 's own separate parliament but rather one that governs the `` uk '' . 
  saying english will be official will probably make , scotland , ni and wales feel a bit left out . 
  historically , claiming an `` official language '' has been used to discriminate and alienate others , much like how the british declared english an official language in it 's colonies , india for example . 
  so basically , india has english as an official language , england however does not . 
  that said , speaking the common tongue should be mandatory , it helps a great deal with finding a job and just makes life that much easier . 
  although i believe learning it on site is much easier . 
  first , j\u00f6ran kallmyr is the justice secretary of norway , not sweden . 
  secondly , kallmyr says that reducing benefits might not reduce the number of asylum seekers . 
  this despite the fact the same article mentioning denmark doing it and he as a norwegian would know about this . 
  the gist of it is that aid is more efficient on location , hans rossling ( now famous ) said this at a charity gala a few weeks ago . 
  for example , europe thinks they take in a lot of refugees , but the truth is that the vast majority are still in the neighbouring countries . 
  and there , the means to provide housing , water , schooling and medical care comes at a much lower price . 
  that said , you ca n't prevent people from genuinely wanting to move to make a better life for themselves . 
  swedens foreign minister said something earlier this year . 
  she then retracted it after the sauids went `` she 's anti muslim '' on her . 
  pc yall !, 
  i happen to know why belgium is so bright from space . 
  or at least i * think * i know . 
  jeremy clarkson of former top gear once mentioned that belgium is the only country on earth with a * fully lit * road network . 
  something that other countries that are bigger or even of comparable size , do n't bother with . 
  oh i agree completely though we are talking about * world * wars , no matter how you see it those had a greater influence on sweden than either of the ancient civilizations . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  though my statement still holds true , if there are variances between schools and possibly individual teachers , history would not be a good subject to compare . 
  easiest to compare because it 's the same in every language . 
  for comparison , history would be utterly useless as a metric because countries teach history different . 
  here in sweden we spent way too much time on ancient greece and rome and way too little on the world wars for example . 
  for sure . 
  exporting materials , industry and goods locally ( europe ) when everyone else were completely drained was a good deal for us . 
  nowhere in sweden is it pronounced `` knaiv '' i can tell you that much ... 
  and why were n't these discussions held before the vote ? 
  and why does it seem the brexiters had no plan what so ever on how to accomplish it once they got what they wanted ? 
  it does say `` coalition of the willing '' and that 's exactly what it was . 
  anyone who felt it was a worthy cause could support it in whatever means they felt comfortable with . 
  so sweden makes the perfect example , no government position with exactly 50 % of the population opposing ( though that does n't mean 50 % are for it either ) . 
  at 60 chances are you still drive to work in the morning , at 65 ( or whatever typical retiring age is ) you are reading the newspaper . 
  it 's not all about age it 's also what you do in your day to day life . 
  it seems being young and `` active '' is still more dangerous than being old and `` safe '' . 
  faux dubstep and a cheesy commentators voice with too much going on . 
  the one part i did like was when they changed the flags on the plane , i assume those are the countries that already have a contract or already bought earlier versions . 
  i know brazil is involved in development of the plane and so i think the other are just customers . 
  unfortunately the uk have the smallest homes on average . 
  while inward windows are good for cleaning , it does mean you basically ca n't put flowers or anything or even have a sofa underneath unless you want to get a window thrown into the back of your head . 
  they might have been endangered in these regions before and since an effort was made to get them back , more attention is paid and more money spent on tracking and such . 
  it also depends on the amount of damage it does to local communities , like all predators , once they start hurting people , cattle , pets or otherwise terrorizing a neighbourhood , people pay attention . 
  the frozen north is * vast * and not a whole lot going on there . 
  so they do n't cause much damage and they are protected , that 's how you get big and somewhat accurate numbers . 
  i do n't know anything about lynxes in particular but most big cats do n't migrate do they ? 
  i know the distances involved here might not be very far but i 've never heard of migrating cats . 
  going back to f1 , which seems to pop up in this thread , the austrian gp is held at `` red bull ring '' . 
  cota has the tower and rbr has , well a bull . 
  in sweden the police issue passports and typically each ( provincial/major ) city has at least one police station capable of handling it . 
  that leaves you with at least 22 locations considering the provincial cities and there are others , for example covering the islands and the far north . 
  7 seems problematic . 
  even if the `` monthly pay '' is the same , as you say military pension will likely trigger much earlier . 
  a military pensioner could be 20 years old ... 
  depends where you live . 
  if you are in sk\u00e5ne you can drive to germany and back in a day , easy . 
  there are a few things i take from this . 
  number one . 
  putin understands that the queen waits for no one . 
  if you are summoned by the queen , you show up . 
  two . 
  being `` late '' for individual meetings with other leaders as a `` power move '' is a duche tactic and being late for the general assembly is just stupid . 
  also , sweden and finland , wtf ? 
  '' ... links english proficiency with income , innovation , and quality of life '' i would say no . 
  how much worse of are the germans or the french in terms of quality of life ? 
  almost non measurable i 'd say . 
  no the answer is simple . 
  subtitles . 
  tv here in sweden for example is always with the original audio and we use subtitles . 
  germany and france dub the shit out of everything . 
  england , harry potter studio ? 
  ouch ... 
  i suppose technically you could but the problem is that signing up for anything that comes with a bill every month , you need to prove income , residency , id and what have you . 
  it could be as simple as opening up a foreign bank account and use a postbox for the first few bills until switching to electronic billing . 
  really it 's up to the company you sign up with . 
  if they do a thorough check ( they do n't want you to run away ) then it is difficult .
