in denmark , it must be a thing to talk about what part of the country you are from . 
  while states in the us much like the countries of the eu can decide for themselves , i find it interesting then that the sort of `` bible belt '' in the us might correlate to what you are saying , abortions and all that . 
  and no matter which way you go you believe that would even make a dent in the numbers ? 
  assuming all are trying to keep infant mortality low , unless you also present numbers to suggest either side being more or less good at that , it can not ( in my mind ) make a difference . 
  so many different categories in that space , i guess geographic heritage must be a thing . 
  worth adding that they blew off the search today earlier today . 
  according to at least 5 different sources the definition is still `` non aligned '' , google it . 
  just thought i should add that sweden is a third world country . 
  well if french colonies counts as east and south then maybe greenland ( denmark ) should be the northern point ? 
  hmm . . 
  i guess if finland wants to keep everyone happy , they should look for the sukhoi pak planes and after purchase , join nato . 
  that way , they please the russians with trade deals and get to join nato ( also gives nato experience with the adversarial airframe ) . 
  i knew the whole `` sun never sets '' thing but surface wise even , i 'll be damned !, 
  thanks for enlightening me then  for tourism ... well sort of i guess . 
  but the way i see it , the whole tourism argument only works for places that normally would not have much tourism . 
  sochi being a good example . 
  or if we talk about summer games , then maybe atlanta would be the equivalent . 
  however for well-known mega cities like london and beijing , the games only impede traffic and makes it more difficult for `` non olympic tourists '' to get around , with all the extra security and what not . 
  for the mega cities maybe it 's a break even comparing tourism during olympics or regular high season , whereas smaller cities or towns can benefit greatly . 
  hahaha did enyone watch the whole video ? 
  what is this propaganda marketing scheme climaxing with van damme and volvo trucks ? 
  shieeet . 
  but then again , to be fair , the chinese farmer in the rural countryside needs as much effort to get hold of 9 dollars as you do to get 2500 dollars . 
  this should be on top !, 
  you from there you little fanboy ? 
  largest empire my ass . 
  london did nothing for the ioc . 
  edit : the olympics in london was nothing more than what the world cup was for brazil . 
  you were robbed . 
  fifa , uefa , ioc and others are parasites who every now and then turns up and robs a country and then disappears again . 
  i know there have been fuckups earlier in the history of space but this ... 
  four tones . 
  interesting when you click the metric for `` conflicts fought '' and sweden + denmark shows up in the middle somewhere . 
  i thought sweden and denmark are the two countries on earth that have had the most conflicts in between them ? 
  perhaps the data does not go back to when we last fought though ... and as a swede , i could not resist clicking on that `` weapons export '' metric and expecting to see nothing but glorious red . 
  sure enough ... 
  not shit at all . 
  good observation !, 
  being swedish i was quite surprised to se sweden as `` other '' when the word is so easily related to german . 
  perhaps the name of the german parliament is just very old and has stuck with them , bundestag to me would refer to the federation of german states , much like the us of today . 
  also thinking of bundesliga , their top tier football league . 
  whereas sweden has a riksdag , an assembly of the realm , although i think it was called the reichstag under hitler , perhaps why they changed it . 
  you can tell it 's a good article when they measure fuel economy in g/km , those are emissions , not consumption . 
  the public registry ( run by the state ) already knows where i live and where i should vote . 
  they send home a voting card , in which it says where to go on election day . 
  bring the card and id ( driving license will do ) . 
  i had no idea , thanks for the info !, 
  i 'm swedish and i have a full understanding of the point you are making . 
  we do have a few skeletons in our closet . 
  shameful really . 
  the forced sterilisation was abolished some time ago , in sweden at least . 
  why they are different nations ? 
  all of europe is ( was ) like game of thrones , in case you did n't know how countries came to be . 
  the royal families of europe still `` trade '' their young amongst themselves , but today this has no effect on actual land ownership . 
  this is grossly simplified . 
  i like it . 
  i have worked in an airport and the announcements every 15 minutes or so gets to you . 
  this one supposedly also has different variations by different performers . 
  good on you eesti !, 
  not quite nordic yet though , try harder :d, 
  key word there `` almost '' . 
  they can do everything right , but they ca n't come unless they get the cross in their flag , simple as that !, 
  i saw a documentary a few days ago , ca n't remember what it was about . 
  anyway , experienced ( or retired ) military personel from the us said that air-power has been the most important tool since ww1 . 
  however in this day and age when you are not fighting a country with fixed installations or even uniforms , you ca n't drop bombs into cities where you suspect there are baddies mixed in with the civilians . 
  of course it has happened and it is tragic but the gist of it was that you need ground troops to wash out baddies who use guerilla tactics . 
  you ca n't fight a war on the ground especially the `` hearts and minds '' fight , with air-power . 
  yes my bad . 
  while it 's great for the local economy on both sides , 20 km is hardly worth it considering the distances involved overall . 
  going hamburg to oslo with no ferry is 935 km according to google . 
  your connection would reduce that distance by ~ ~ 0.021 % . ~ ~ 2.1 %, 
  i 'm from malm\u00f6 and to me , copenhagen is sort of the transport hub already . 
  at least in terms of international flights kastrup is my go to airport . 
  i pop on the train in my hometown not far from where i live , and i 'm at the airport 20 minutes later . 
  no need to drive ( and pay for parking ) and all that . 
  crazy convenient . 
  the issue seems to be the \u00d6resund bridge itself . 
  it works like a bottle neck for goods trains . 
  they have to fit into any gap left by the regular trains and considering those go every 20 minutes ( in each direction ) there is n't much of a gap . 
  also consider that the goods trains are much longer and also slower . 
  if you choose to go by truck/lorry , and depending on the goods you carry , there are also special times when dangerous goods can go across namely during night . 
  i 'm all for further connecting us scandinavians to the continent , there are no downsides to it . 
  but making a balance between people movement and industrial transport across these bottlenecks will be tricky . 
  i was going to say `` you only need to go to puttgarden for that '' and then i looked at a map . 
  in my limited knowledge of my geographical surroundings , i just found out that the fehrman belt is the r\u00f6dby-puttgarden connection :d, 
  this is awesome !, 
  i 'm from malm\u00f6 and the \u00d6resund bridge did wonders for malm\u00f6 and k\u00f6penhamn . 
  there have been talks abut a fehrman connection for years and it was always thought it was also going to be a bridge ( bridges are cheaper generally ) but it seems the engineers had other concerns . 
  great news !, 
  wow !, 
  and to think this was made by a `` regular '' tourist and not some type of eu tourism board . 
  it 's crazy how little information was actually given as to how they did it . 
  it says `` based on '' and there 's a link to a worldwide data index , and it seems they just copied the numbers but threw them around a little bit . 
  moving the rankings of the top countries randomly it seems . 
  the linked index in the article put finland ( at whatever metric they are using ) at 79 . 
  in the article itself finland scores 82 , still nothing to say what these numbers represent or how they magically go slightly higher . 
  yeah i remember it and i also clearly remember that f\u00f6rsvarsmakten never came out and said what it was they supposedly found , they were n't sure . 
  then you say that swedish airspace has been invaded and in the first link you post it literally says `` near airspace '' in the headline ... 
  sorry but whatever `` threat '' you are talking about just is n't credible the way you present it . 
  yeah ... any sources on that ?
