  weekly simulated nuclear attacks on stockholm ? 
  russian mini subs ? 
  daily intrusions into airspace ? 
  what 's up with the fear mongering ? 
  that is some very clumsy wording there `` nearly one third , up from 29 % ... '' so they bait us into clicking the other highlighted article which reads 31 % . 
  an increase from 29 to 31 could be down to the weather for all we know . 
  barely a dent i bet . 
  yeah , `` in a collision '' imo implies they had some sort of speed or force imparted on the other object ( the bus ) . 
  my two favourite cities on the east coast are washington and boston , especially boston !, 
  absolutely beautiful place and in now way `` too crowded '' . 
  ny is ok i guess if you 're into that kind of thing . 
  i do n't care much for it . 
  so if your so is on the funding committee , why not have her commit some use of the telescope to surveys then ? 
  it sounds like you are aware of some issues and are in fact in a position to do something about it , and yet choose to complain ? 
  plus , once this big telescope is outmatched by the next bigger one ( which will get to do all the short-time stuff ) , this one will be committed to surveys much like other ones have before . 
  so by then you still have the largest survey-telescope in the world . 
  i do n't see the issue here . 
  and there was already a word for it , `` den '' . 
  which makes it even more silly . 
  a few years ago there was this article in a magazine that described how in the future , countries will be interconnected because of the inherent ways that friendly power production works . 
  sun , wind , waves and whatnot . 
  seeing as we still have no means of storing the energy at high production , sending it where it is needed is the best option . 
  wind here , sun there , power everywhere !, 
   there are losses when sending power over long distances , but at least it 's still better than any alternatives for storage . 
  the one storage idea that will work with not much effort is to use pumps and pump water into reservoirs and simply reverse them when there is need , but even this simple system has losses and it reduces you to a single point of failure . 
  much like the internet , power has to be connected if we are to move away from fossil fuels . 
  so based on my non-knowledge of the field and on this video alone . 
  it seems to have angular shapes , i 'm assuming for radar deflection . 
  it seems to be jet driven , giving it ( probably ) a higher speed . 
  so this drone is not at all like the one the us uses , the reaper ? 
  the reaper ( or was it the predator ? ), 
  uses a propeller for fuel efficiency and long sleek wings for high lift at slow speeds , this give tremendous loitering time . 
  this eu drone , looks to be designed to fly in , drop , and fly back . 
  so i 'm assuming it 's not built for surveillance but rather for offence . 
  is this assumption correct ? 
  there are four countries in the table shown in the article where the number on the left is equal to , or greater , than the numbers on the right . 
  it 's fair to say `` russia 's ambassador does x '' yes . 
  while this might be one comment from one single ambassador on facebook , this could have consequences . 
  ambassadors are representatives and in all honesty , it 's not a position you would give up easily , it does come with some influence both in your home country and in the one you work . 
  if he or she decides to keep pushing this agenda to friends or family , the rest of the colleagues or in any other capacity keep spreading this , it will catch on . 
  thanks !, 
  are you sure they are in this year ? 
  i thought it was a one time deal and the only way they could stay was if they won , and kept winning . 
  are you dead ? 
  knowing italy from having visited a few times , the maffia or others probably see a lot of benefit in tourism . 
  these groups are clever people , they want their restaurants or their hotels to have good ratings on tripadvisor while keeping pickpockets away to not ruin the experience for tourists . 
  i think the situation with most organized crime anywhere in the world is that they try to not involve innocent people , it simply is n't good for business . 
  if they are going to attract the police , they want to at least gain something from it . 
  for example a guy was shot in a parking lot outside my local shopping centre here in sweden last year , my girlfriend who recently moved here was very uneasy . 
  she lightened up a few days later when the newspapers revealed the victim was wearing a bullet proof vest . 
  he was expecting to get shot ... other than that i have no experience from japan in particular . 
  we know you are , we know what you did in your african colonies . 
  especially now that the elections are coming i think there is a lot of emphasis on terrorism or such that would n't necessarily be part of the narrative otherwise . 
  that said , the us has a violent history and almost every american generation has taken part in at least one major military intervention , it 's not unreasonable that this shapes society dramatically . 
  there are plenty of statistics to go by , homicide rates in some of the major cities for example . 
  i 'd just like to point out that the us has the largest population of prisoners in the world , i believe . 
  but this does not reflect violence or even safety , a high percentage of those prisoners are there for minor crimes such as smoking weed . 
  to protect them from influence from other countries , they have to be cut of completely . 
  considering how it 's going with strong men competitions and * the mountain * in game of thrones , i do n't think we want to cut them off because if we do , and they can only breed with each other , very shortly we wo n't be able to stop them . 
  religion , ethnicity or political views is a big no no . 
  however the language should be known , i 'm thinking the schools must know because they offer extra curricular courses in mother tongue . 
  it 's actually buildings is n't it ? 
  some 42 % ? 
  heating and cooling mostly . 
  ok so either we put all of it in one place ( each country dealing with their own wont work as you said , some countries are n't suitable ) and make one site extremely dangerous , or we disperse it over the entire world , increasing risk for everyone . 
  if we go back to the rocket idea , is there a particular reason people argue shooting it into the sun instead of one of the gas giants ? 
  i 'm reasoning they can eat anything and are arguably easier to reach . 
  whats the argument for exploding the stuff 100 km up ? 
  i do n't understand why that would be useful , it seems we would end up with nuclear fallout ? 
  though i know nothing about the stuff . 
  yeah but satellite imagery have shown that there might be oil down there . 
  it depends on which comes first , the end of oil or the need to store . 
  yes but mars is easy to reach , the sun is n't . 
  in fact it 's so hard that it has n't been done yet . 
  launching stuff into the sun would require so much fuel that the rocket needed to do it , could n't take off from earth . 
  it would have to be built in orbit piece by piece . 
  and even then , putting nuclear stuff in space is a big no-no . 
  in fact there are treaties about it and even the rtg 's used by nasa and others often face opposition from other countries . 
  solar sails would work , in the opposite direction ... and ion drives have at best , shown non conclusive results . 
  it 's incredibly hard to go to the sun . 
  so hard in fact that it has n't been done yet . 
  i would have never thought that swimmers would choose the shortest route :d, 
  `` the sun never sets '' basically comes from the fact that you are islanders and as such have spent a great deal of time and effort into boats , naval tactics and founding strategic ports around the world . 
  if you were connected to france all this time , your empire would have looked very different . 
  good for you latvians who are in the middle and wo n't have to do any of the work :d, 
  i see , your flag threw me of . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  did you show your eu passport in detroit ? 
  some airpots and carriers have deals where they do n't want to bother you twice . 
  i mean , they know who is on the plane and where it 's coming from . 
  it 's unbelievably unlikely someone not already accounted for , has joined the flight when it arrives . 
  i have to assume you turned around and talked to them ? 
  not much cost in terms of infrastructure and such . 
  with a small population you need no more than a firefighter , a constable , a helicopter and a doctor and you should be fine . 
  as near as makes no difference , you are correct . 
  ** edit ** people do sort of benefit from it though , free university studies and all that jazz . 
  let 's call it a long term investment and obviously it 's been working very nicely for them . 
  it was a joke i borrowed from p3s tankesmedjan . 
  hook them up to a sensor , like a polygraph thing , and play music and tv-show themes from different eras . 
  watch their reactions .
