it 's 12 % . 
  not 30 % . 
  you misread my comment . 
  overall unemployment is 12 % in italy , but youth unemployment - what i was referring to - is almost 45 % . 
  italy 's notorious labour market regulations make both hiring and firing staff very difficult . 
  in the current economic climate , employers will be reluctant to take on 25-year old graduates if they 're going to be stuck with them for the next 40 years . 
  this is partly why youth unemployment continues to rise in italy even as overall unemployment declines . 
  euroscepticism is surely a symptom rather than a cause of problems in europe . 
  it barely existed outside britain until the debt crisis . 
  the problem with a single , federal country is that it would be a state without a nation , a democracy without a ` demos ' . 
  where i live in the uk , people are more inclined to believe that lack of democracy , rather than nationalism , was the key problem in ww2 . 
  hence we do not credit the eu with bringing peace to the continent . 
  in fact , many brits see the lack of democracy in the european union as a huge problem and a key cause of the economic and political malaise . 
   forcing countries with shitty economic policies to make changes is not a bad thing in the long run . 
  do n't be fooled by all the ranting from people who do n't understand what austerity is , eventually it is a force for good . 
  wow . 
  you think it 's okay to force economic policies upon an independent and democratic country because you consider them to be `` shitty '' ? 
  the issue here is that they probably ca n't get a job as a barista back home . 
  youth unemployment is staggeringly high and labour market regulations in southern europe greatly disincentivise hiring new staff . 
  i lived with italian engineers in london who all looked for work but ended up taking jobs at places like starbucks and caffe nero . 
  the jobs that poles and latvians did ten years ago ( when they were still , arguably , `` developing '' countries ) are now done by italian graduates . 
  the most noticeable thing is how smiley and outgoing they are compared to everybody else here . 
  it 's made going for morning coffee my favourite part of the day . 
  big businesses in the uk ( and particularly the city ) have spent years lobbying for regulations which work in their favour . 
  i think there may be some debate in brussels over this . 
  on one side are the sincere euro-federalist ideologues ( think guy verhofstadt ) who would probably accept uk leaving if it were the price to pay for creating a superstate which functions better than the status quo . 
  on the other side are the people who are in it for the money : the politicians who are paid nearly 2x what barack obama is , the 30 000 corporate lobbyists , the graduate hires whose starting salaries are higher than investment bankers , the euro-funded `` ngos '' who pump out europhile propaganda etc. 
  this extent of corruption requires massive economies of scale and it would be seriously undermined if the uk left . 
  assuming for the sake of argument that your figure is correct , that 'd be about 8 % of the gdp of slovenia . 
  not such a small amount . 
  it also means the eu gets proportionally smaller . 
  given that the brussels euro-elite rely on giant economies of scale to provide massive salaries and perks to themselves it would likely cause some consternation . 
  1 - eea migrants are almost all in low-skill jobs . 
  these are jobs for which there is low demand and which could be done * in some cases * by unemployed brits . 
  as you say , the knock-on effect on british employment ( i.e. 
  paying them unemployment benefits ) is subtracted from the ` uk natives ' column and not the ` eea migrants ' column . 
  2 - the vast majority of eea migrants do not work in * job-creating * fields like tech and science which have the ability to grow the economy . 
  this report just looks at their net tax receipts . 
  3 - given that almost all eea migrants are presently of working age it is not all that impressive that there is a net tax gain of # 4bn . 
  as economists * should * know , people take from the system whilst children or retired , and contribute to it greatly whilst of working age . 
  the per worker contribution must therefore be extremely low ( which is not surprising given that most eea migrants are in low-pay , low-value added jobs ) . 
  my two cents : i do n't object to free movement of labour . 
  but it has overwhelmingly exposed only the uk working classes to competitive labour markets . 
  uk is forecasted to be eu 's largest economy by 2030 . 
  if it leaves , the more free market/competitive/reformed-labour-market countries ( e.g germany , netherlands ) will be be much weaker within the eu . 
  high-regulation countries with large public sectors ( italy , france , spain , greece ) would be greatly emboldened . 
  surely countries like netherlands and scandas would then have an eye on the door , especially if the uk economy outperformed . 
  so i do n't think it means that much to say `` the eu '' cares if we leave . 
  i imagine the main reason they want us to stay is because of the massive net contributions we make to brussels each year . 
  at the risk of sounding pedantic , us + australia is still larger than the eea , if i 've defined it correctly as eu + norway , iceland and liechtenstein . 
  my ( somewhat crude ) methodology is to add up the [ countries on this wikipedia list . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) ), 
   purely an argument born of irrationality which appeals to uneducated working class voters this is a perfect example of what i complained about in my above post : the idea that working classes are too uneducated and too stupid to know a rip-off when they see one . 
   you really want to make sure your wages converge with those of africa and china ? 
  it 's already happening . 
  how can we prevent it in the long term with millions of highly skilled indian/chinese graduates entering the labour market each year with far lower wage demands ? 
  in the uk and germany , real wages are steadily falling ( convergence ) but at least employment has remained buoyant . 
  in southern europe they 've addressed this problem by simply not hiring new people . 
  youth unemployment : greece , ( 56 % ) , italy ( 44 % ) , spain ( 56 % ) , france ( 25 % ) . 
  it 's a generational catastrophe . 
  meanwhile , the unelected bureaucrats in brussels continue taking [ separate private jets to the same meeting ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100091538/ashton-and-van-rompuy-fly-to-the-same-meeting-in-separate-private-jets-see-what-the-eu-has-become/ ) and raking in [ higher wages than barack obama . 
  ] ( http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/5723039/eu-chief-junckers-18million-junket-of-pay-and-perks.html ), 
  nobody wants a union . 
  but many people in these countries ( harper , abbott , bush etc ) want closer ties . 
  the many political commonalities ( e.g. 
  common law ) could make things like trade deals easier, 
  like i say , not necessarily directed at you personally . 
  [ many studies like this one from the bbc find britons are highly tolerant of migrants whilst highly hostile to immigration ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/thereporters/markeaston/2011/02/why_are_we_so_concerned_about_im.html ) . 
  it seems to be a bit of a mystery . 
   the media and poor education play a very big part of it i dislike this constant innuendo that euroscepticism is the preserve of the tabloid reading working-classes ( not necessarily from you , but i see it a lot here . ), 
  [ there are many sophisticated arguments against the eu that relate to accountability and civil society ] ( http://get-eu.org/ ) and which have nothing to do with xenophobia or 'em pire nostalgia ', 
  i think that a lot of the ` new ' politics is in response to problems which , thanks to the eu , are beyond the democratic control of the relevant countries . 
  grillo 's five star mvmt , fn in france , ukip in uk etc. 
  italy 's economy is now the size it was in 1999 , three years before it joined the euro , yet it 's being told that the euro has benefited it and has had its recent leaders appointed by bureaucrats from berlin and brussels . 
  same in many other parts of europe . 
  whether there 's two parties or ten , there is no choice over huge amounts of policy thanks to the eu imperial monolith . 
   the uk has no more of a demos than europe - but if you need it the commitment to freedom , liberty and human rights are as necessary a mandate as you 'll find . 
  that is n't a mandate . 
  in normal democracies you get discussion of issues in between elections . 
  the election winner has some justification for implementing the programmes they proposed to the electorate . 
  in the eu parliament this just does n't happen . 
  people vote for national parties - often eurosceptic or protest parties - which are then lumped together into incoherent groupings , which must themselves band together to form a majority and pass legislation . 
  even after all that , they are not allowed to propose legislation , but must take whatever they 're given by the unelected commission . 
  the 1975 question `` should the uk stay in the common market ? '', 
  does not give consent for transnational governance , political integration , the euro , unelected executives , etc the crucial difference between westminster and brussels/strasbourg parliaments is one of legitimacy . 
  eu parliament can not initiate legislation without the unelected executive . 
  it has no annual supply-blocking powers . 
  there is no eu-wide demos ( state without a nation ) and thus no political mandate . 
  in some respects , farage and snp are symptoms of the same phenomenon : when there are question marks hanging over the constitution ( should scotland be in uk , or uk in eu ) normal left-right politics breaks down . 
  to be fair to the scots , the way the referendum question was posed precluded having a proper debate . 
  if scots had answered ` yes ' to the question they could have been in a situation where alex salmond has to renegotiate eu membership ( or bring in the imf to fix finances ) and leave scotland less independent than it was before . 
  so some scots want to be `` independent '' from a democratic union which has consent ( uk ) but want to maintain membership of the eu which has neither democracy nor consent ( and which hates nationalism , including the scottish variety ) . 
  touche, 
  and the fear of trade policy recriminations , which would damage the eu massively given that uk runs a massive trade deficit with eu . 
  but given the eu 's recent penchant for self-inflicted economic damage it really would n't surprise me . 
  haha why does n't anybody get the joke ? 
  maybe they 're waiting for an eu directive which explains why it 's funny, 
   if population size was a good indicator of economic success i never said that . 
  but when you both your population and economy are static or declining - while the us and countries you list are growing - you can not deny that you are in decline . 
   that is dumb , but not the eu 's fault .
