  it 's mad that fr . 
  ted is so popular outside the uk and ireland , do you miss many jokes because you do n't have the right context ? 
  and yeah dylan moran is irish !, 
  we 've a good show of comedians . 
  `` not too warm '' understatement of the century, 
  wow it blows my mind that you ca n't tell the difference between accents , that 's crazy . 
  being from ireland they sound so different i just imagined they would be to other peoples too . 
  just a heads up , gaelic is commonly used to refer to the language but it is actually just called `` irish '' or `` gaeilge '' ( in irish ), 
  the annoying thing is that you can only take the exam through irish if you go to a gaelco\u00e1iste . 
  i am fluent in irish and wanted to take my exams through irish , however the mere fact that i went to a mainstream secondary school prevented me from doing that . 
  we have our own tax code that works well for us and has brought in foreign investment . 
  american companies use loopholes in american law , and move money through us and barbados . 
  ireland is being branded as a tax haven because of this , though we do not meet any of the 4 criteria to be considered a tax haven . 
  apple is being questioned because they grab headlines , even though basically all american companies are doing this ( google is another example ), 
  this is n't even a government sign though , it 's a sign put up on a gaelic football ground by the gaelic athletics association, 
  ah now the indo is n't that bad . 
  like it 's absolutely shite but it 's not that bad , it 'd be more in line with the telegraph, 
  where are you coming from ? 
  pm me for some info , or help . 
  i went to austria skiing and i 've never gone hungry like i did in austria since :p, 
  it 's not necessary , sure , but why not ? 
  this is the first and last time i 'll use this over-utilised phrase on reddit `` why not both ? '', 
  lol and what ? 
  yeah nice place !, 
  shit dude i was there last year, 
  jaysus whereabout on the continent are you ? 
  should n't we just choose one ? 
  i thought europe day was the 5th, 
  or ireland , i know we 're doing okay and seem to be coming out of all of this , but personally i never felt like the eu approached our country with a helping hand and support . 
  ah , we call that a rainbow coalition, 
  can you explain more on what a national union government is , in a french context ? 
  emotional reasons is the best reason for independence , self-determination . 
  economic policy and whatnot can be changed by successive governments so you should n't vote for independence on those grounds , only on the grounds that you believe you 're grown up enough to determine your own future . 
  hahahaha you should be on the stage, 
  he means helping the refugees not creating them, 
  uh ... that 's what i said, 
  i 'm a fan of the europe of the regions idea where we would have a federalised european government and then many of the nation states would be dissolved through secessionist movements which would then form smaller governments under the federalised eu one tasked with preserving culture , language and identity in the face of a more integrated union, 
  what country are you from ? 
  independence can seem selfish if you 're from a country that usually owns others and has n't had to fight for their independence, 
  100 % peaceful self-determination . 
   if the catalans pressured for one instead of pressuring for independence but the people pushing for independence want independence , not a different government . 
  why do they owe it to you to do it in the way you want , which might not even work ? 
  what is so wrong about a peoples right to peaceful self-determination ? 
  they 've been trying that for years !, 
  at this point if they want to be independant from spain and spain wo n't run the election they should surely just run their own !, 
  except they did and spain declared it invalid . 
  at this point all other options have been exhausted , why people still insist they should wait until spain allows them a referendum is beyond me , it will never happen . 
  i prefer `` europe of the regions '' idea that was floated a few years back . 
  federalised eu government , with much smaller divisions based on culture , lanuage , identity with smaller governments to look after these interests, 
  that 's great and all except they havent been allowed to have a referrendum, 
  i dunno where you 're living but as a country irish boy anything over 15 and i 'm in shorts and a t-shirt and anything over 20 and i 'm inside , naked and crying while i try and squeeze into the freezer, 
  well said i am so fully in favour of granting asylum here unlike many people but this statement from merkel is so wrong and so hypocritical in my opinion, 
  haha well i wish i could have come up with better examples on the spot !, 
  i usually do n't like this show but i think [ this clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpzbaz3wlfw ) is pretty accurate and funny . 
  i do n't doubt it amigo but it 's still difficult for those of us left behind, 
  our cultures , i would say , are very similar due to proximity and a shared history . 
  our comedians and musicians do very well in britain for example and vice-versa, 
  yes the person i value most in my life has just moved to your country, 
  i did n't mean that i do things just because they feel irish but that some of the things that we as a country do i like * because * they seem irish . 
  i suppose an example of this is refusing something repeatedly out of politeness when it would be easier just to say yes to begin with . 
  or naming state bodies in irish rather than english which would be more efficient . 
  that interesting please expand on your thoughts so i 'm not the only irish opinions in the thread, 
  ireland . 
  i love it here because of our culture and the like-minded people here . 
  i love our scenery and i love how easy life is since we are a developed and still fairly wealthy country even at the worst of times . 
  i love the general mentality of general mentalness that seems to permeate our society annd i even love the inefficiencies , quirks and other things that are done simply because they feel `` irish '' to me and i think a homogenous world without individual cultures would be boring . 
  what i hate most is that in order to exceed to the best of my abilities in life here it feels inevitable that i will at some stage have to leave . 
  i hate that as time goes on more and more of my social circle is gone . 
  many blame it on the recession but i think it 's more of a problem of the realities of upward mobility in our small country . 
  it may be a relatively large island but the loneliness of island live still pervades a lot of the time i feel . 
  ** obligatory '' \u00c9ire can into space ? '', 
  comment ** ^ but ^ seriously , ^ i ^ am ^ proud ^ that ^ our ^ little ^ country ^ is ^ doing ^ this ^ and ^ that ^ a ^ professor ^ from ^ my ^ former ^ university ^ is ^ involved, 
  i assumed that would be b&h, 
  i think they have that in the uk too, 
  you americans are weird, 
  * \u00c9ire * eire is even worse than irish republic, 
  why is it ? 
  i 'm not good at guessing !, 
  he 's having you on mate , run it through google translate , 
  haha, 
  you literally described revenge, 
  i do n't think you understand how small of a place ireland is and how many people were either directly affect or knew someone who was affected by that particular tragedy . 
  yes , it is too soon . 
  wow you 're just a real piece of shit are n't you, 
  actually we are . 
  have fun with your inferior dairy products and beef , new world :p, 
  a lot of people i know who go to america on holidays or for work come back complaining from being unable to eat the food . 
  eire can not into anglosphere ? 
  no , only [ 40 % of requested urls are removed ] ( http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/removals/europeprivacy/?hl=en ) and they are only removed if it 's not in the public interest , see some of the examples they have posted on that page for a better understanding than what i can provide . 
  that does n't apply in cases such as this, 
  what is cimbik ? 
  am i the only one who is glad for the right to be forgotten ? 
  perfect, 
  spot the person from inside the pale :p, 
  you know , i know there are a lot of these sort of people around but even if you asked the racists or ultra-nationalists like farage whether they 'd rather african/mulsim immigrants or greek/other european immigrants and they say greek , then even the most anti-eu are still feeling kinship with other europeans . 
  you 're being caught up in the moment , sure there is a lot of despicable things happening right now during these talks between the leaders but the european dream wo n't die unless normal everyday europeans suddenly stop feeling kinship with one another , which just wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  i 'm kind of surprised that surrogacy is not allowed in france of all places , i did n't actually think it was banned anywhere , or at least now many places !, 
  how would you even police it ? 
  i 'm sorry , as i said i do n't understand a lot of this and i 'm only asking questions because i want to learn more, 
  i guess my understanding was that being anti-austerity was saying we do n't want germany 's ( or anybody 's ) money and their conditions but was basically saying lets the people who took risks with their money bear the consequences of their risks at whatever cost that entails .
