  you could say the same about any war , the coalition in iraq bombing schools , hospitals and weddings is just being a common criminal . 
  in ireland if you put something in he post before 5:30 pm it will be usually delivered the next morning , anywhere in the country . 
  there are of course exceptions and the country is small but i still find this very impressive . 
  okay that 's the last straw !, 
  dude i agree with you entirely i think you think i 'm saying something other than what i actually said . 
  i 'm not calling for any new laws against obesity, 
  i suppose o can understand that argument but as you 'll see in my post ( which many responses seem to be missing ) i am in favour of this law , but speaking out against the tangentially related broader social criticism for thinner people and acceptance of obesity, 
  there are a lot more fat kids than the opposite though , and it 's not the fashion industries job to parent children in my opinion . 
  yes because designers want their designs to look good , it 's the same to me as mcdonalds making their burgers look as nice as possible on an ad, 
  this will be met with cheers and applause and to a certain extent i agree but i personally think this crusade against thin models is getting to be ridiculous . 
  yes it anorexia is a problem with these women and should be stopped but are many more health problems associated with being overweight yet there is no outcry when a company uses an overweight model , and there are always campaigns to get designers to use heavier models . 
  why ? 
  to make overweight people feel better about themselves ? 
  i 'm not arguing that this is n't a good idea , it probably is and i 'm in favour of it , but just imagine the outrage in the name of `` positive body image '' if models had to have a cert to prove they were n't overweight . 
  well i guess reunionists would be more accurate, 
  what 's your favourite clips from irish parliament ? 
  well i do n't want to rule it out in the future, 
  reluctant upvote, 
  i do n't usually shit on my computer though, 
  that 's the wiki part of it i guess, 
  the person i 'm responding to is american, 
  actually it is n't , and has been declare many times not to be including by the osce . 
  we can decide our own tax rules , you need to decide not to allow your companies loopholes that allow them to do what they 're doing . 
  as a socialist i 'm not in favour of the race-to-the-bottom either but placing the blame on ireland 's low corporation tax ( for which the effective rate is actually fairly transparent , unlike other countries with ` higher ' corp tax ) is misguided when it 's us loopholes that allow it . 
  fix your own tax loopholes that allow them to do that then . 
  it already is, 
  fuck you !, 
  i can see this thread being a reasonable discussion, 
  the eu would 100 % negotiate free trade if they left . 
  the u.k. wo n't suddenly become peru or some other totally separate country it will most likely be similar in relationship to norway or switzerland or even iceland . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  that 's not true at al , any trade we do is already separate to eu and in fact we 've had to stay out of schengen since the uk is n't part of it to maintain outer open border with the north so if anything the open border is despite eu membership rather than because of it !, 
  why do we actually need them ? 
  not being smart but other than tourism what do they provide to us within the eu that they would n't outside of it ? 
  scotland and ireland are brothers we do n't need to fight, 
   true , but we made it * profitable * , 
  it 's an irish festival https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samhain, 
  booo electronic voting booooo, 
  i do n't understand what your comment is, 
  hahaha , fair enough !, 
  `` french politician says country is ` white race ' and immigrants should adapt or leave '', 
  by basing it on skin colour, 
  so it means nothing ? 
  why do so many parties want to attach this term to themselves in that case ? 
   `` nothing but an american , there can be no divided allegiance ''  `` room for one language and that is the english language '' those are to direct quotes from what you posted and they are exactly what the original commenter is referring to . 
  not exactly sure how you 're interpreting it but we 're interpreting it from what 's expressly stated . 
  i think you and i have different ideas about what i mean , i am also against all of those things you said , but one 's history and shared upbringing is a huge factor in who you become as a person and the community with which you interact . 
  i do n't think having traditional festivals , speaking the same language and celebrating your community is wrong . 
  i mean that 's the great ideal but it 's far from the reality, 
  actually he interpreted it exactly as it was written . 
  jesus the racists are out in force on / r/europe these days . 
  what has happened to this subreddit ? 
  may i ask with genuine curiosity what `` gaullism '' means because whenever i research french politics on wikipedia or whatever i often come across this term and it seems like everybody uses it , but i have ' t been able to find out exactly what it means, 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with maintaining a culture in an increasingly globalised world, 
  yes i 'm not arguing that it would n't be great to have those allies , i totally understand it and i think it 's a great thing for the uk to have . 
  i just think that they weaken europe as a whole by making us merely an extension of them rather than a leading global force . 
  good to have both sides though and thank you for this discussion it has been very interesting . 
  yous two keep trying to make this about nationality , i 'm concerned more with the union as whole . 
  i was for the lisbon treaty but i was against running it again because of exactly what you said , i thought it was insulting and thoughtless . 
  i also think however that the decision to run it again was more the decision of the political make-up of the commission at the time , and no real reason to say the eu has a lack of respect for irish opinion , just that the current political grouping in change at the time did n't . 
  the politics of the eu changes all of the time . 
  also another reason irish people tend to be very pro-eu is that our country was transformed as a result of eu funding in the early days . 
  i just thing we should be closer aligned together than with the us . 
  the uk seems more tied with the anglosphere than the eu , working on spying programs together and trade , not being part of the euro , etc. 
  i think we 'd be better off shedding that weight which forces us into alliances with other countries and to wars in the middle east . 
  i know that that is n't a popular opinion but it 's mine . 
  i 'm not really worried about ireland , i just think the union as a whole could be stronger if we pulled together and shed the weight of members dragging us backwards, 
  i guess it 's probably not practical yet but i still like the idea, 
  let them leave we could be stronger without them, 
  you know at the time of the 1916 rising in ireland the vast majority were not in favour of independence but within a few years the majority were and a few years after that we were independent . 
  i do n't think many people now would change that given the chance and there is a huge feeling of irish identity . 
  i think too many people worry about issues happening right now during these independence campaigns , economic issues that could change within 5 years and that sort of thing . 
  what really matters is if people feel like they are ready to decide their future by themselves . 
  i would love this . 
  a federalised eu government with smaller regional parliaments to look after culture , identity , local issues etc. 
  mmmmmm . 
  dolores umbridge, 
  i was really hoping this article was just a clickbait title for an argument in favour of upholding the boaty mcboatface decision ( votey mcvoteface ? ), 
  interesting , thanks, 
  what 's a strike-out vote ? 
  why are the first results taking so long to come in ? 
  i thought they were expected nearly 2 hours ago ? 
  no one brought up feminism except you , have you ever considered that maybe it 's you that has the problem ? 
  can someone eli5 this for people who do n't know what this is about ? 
  well his name is alfred , not albert and he never had a wife so ... 
  # #exbrit surely, 
  i do love latin gin, 
  finally a solution we can all agree on, 
  mexico would never allow it http://www.pri.org/stories/2015-03-17/st-patrick-s-day-mexico-remembers-irishmen-who-fought-mexico-against-us, 
  speak for yourself, 
  is this a satire ? 
  not in france, 
  that you 're so entrenched in your vile ideology that exploiting people in developing countries is somehow altruistic and that free enterprise for the rich means more to you than the lives of your fellow man . 
  gross, 
  do you honestly think we 're doing them a favour by having their children make our clothes ? 
  the ` socialist ' position on it is that with free trade under capitalism , workers gaining rights in developed countries means that the exploitation of workers is just exported abroad to developing countries where we can say `` out of sight , out of mind '' . 
  yes an a large part of that is down to our language and the celtic revival . 
  just come to ireland and you will see how pervasive the language really is in small ways , ways that i personally thing the average irish person is oblivious to . 
  we are already fluent in english and will continue to be . 
  if people in other countries such as the netherlands , germany etc.
