  well you asked why he gets hate and i told you why , he 's at the right of the right wing in france . 
  he 's basically as right wing as one can get in france without dipping into fn territory . 
  because he 's very right wing, 
  wtf, 
  tomatoe , egg and blue cheese maybe ? 
  i can see both sides , just trying to show the counterpoint, 
  what if 80 people ( half of irish parliament +1 ) decide to repress what you say ? 
  these are small , but those ones are far away, 
  she 's a daycent yoke alright, 
  all i have to say to this is `` lol '', 
  itt : nobody realising that these are the top ranked ( ie . 
  best review scores ) attractions on tripadvisor , not the most popular attractions by number of people attending . 
  national parks , cliffs of moher , giant 's causeway , aran islands , museums or galleries around dublin, 
  i suppose i do ? 
  i just find it cringey that tourists would rather pay money to go and be advertised to by a foreign drinks corporation than to see something beautiful and irish . 
  i kind of agree but it 's more complicated than you think !, 
  as much as watching lord of the rings or playing soccer can be considered religion . 
   and ireland lol, 
  f\u00e9ck yo\u00fa !, 
  it 's pronounced chechnya !, 
  the english language can not capture my irish spirit and fuck is my sledgehammer to escape this prison of tongues, 
  and they named us hibernia or scotia so i dunno what the fuck you 're on about to be honest, 
  from the people who inhabited an island , the islands did n't magically have a name to begin with . 
  i suspect you 're about to find out, 
  interesting !, 
  thank you, 
  some northern european countries excluded then ... 
  improven is such a funny word, 
  do n't know to be honest !, 
  for non-irish people here is a glossary : * workmans = nightclub in dublin * jacks = toilet * bogger = someone from the midlands ( i.e. 
  the bog ) , rural area * lashing into = playing with vigour * bog down in the valley o = https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tiysi7oec, 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'd love to argue with you * at length * about your comment but i 've been arguing about socialism all day :p, 
  belonging in the sense of `` a constituent part of '' or `` an equal member of '' not `` owned by '', 
  what is next for the netherlands ? 
  not speaking their first language , dick, 
  $ 21,345 per annum for a new civil servant :(, 
   why would you pay that most people do n't have a choice :(, 
  are you implying brexit * does n't * mean brexit ? 
  it 's too much for a brit !, 
  one of the highest user bases per capita if i remember correctly , after canada, 
  nsfl warning please !, 
  that 's the joke, 
  wow good argument, 
  i think they 're celebrating a car show actually, 
  actually it kind of does, 
  no , \u00c1th a laugh was the name of a ford in the river - baile \u00c1th cliath is the name of the settlement there . 
  that is why it is always baile \u00c1th cliath . 
  otherwise it would be like sake cill dara is actually just the name of a church and that kildare in irish is just dara, 
  i know i 'm just making a counterpoint friendo, 
  there 's more to life than gay marriage i suppose, 
  is it really efficient if it 's many decades too late ? 
  she might be * smart * but it is not morally right to use the rights of citizens as bargaining tools with the electorate . 
  look at ireland, 
  we need to stop these economic migrants ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  always . 
  second most expensive eu country yet we do n't have the salaries to match . 
  ni does n't even have a flag so even putting any of the supposed flags would cause upset . 
  i know the sounds that letters make in dutch having been there many times . 
  yeah that 's pretty good, 
  very true and thank you for your perspective, 
  if i plant a tree and it starts to grow crooked , i put a stake in beside it to help it grow properly . 
  i do n't cut the tree down . 
  edit : why did you delete your reply to me ? 
  i had already written my response . 
  you said : `` me : macroeconomic analysis and pointing out strategic advantages . 
  you : platitudes '' my reply was : `` haha you did n't make any macroeconomic argument whatsoever , you just insulted the intelligence of those who disagree with you . 
  my point is that there are ways to make the euro work , which is a proper fiscal union . 
  this would preserve the benefits that the `` average idiots on the street '' ( which also includes businesses and economists who are in favour of easier trade ) love so much about the euro . 
  your solution is to discard the single currency and go back to the past with all of the problems that that entails - problems that lead to the creation of the euro in the first place . 
  i thought my metaphor was fairly clear but of course your superior intellect and `` strategic advantages '' that you so clearly laid out ... somewhere ... are no match for me . '', 
  ask people who are actually in the euro if they would give it up . 
  the vast vast vast majority would not . 
  obviously there will be minority voices against it like everything political , and some countries dislike it more than others , but in general it is only ever people outside the eurozone who say the euro is a mistake . 
  monarchists gon na monarch, 
  down with imperialism !, 
  definitely but i 'm pretty sure most of what we hear about him outside of cuba is propaganda too, 
  fidel actually secretly infiltrated those forced labour camps and then shut them down when he saw how people were being treated . 
  woah !, 
  for 60 seconds each ? 
  * crickets *, 
  fish is shite, 
  i do n't really think that 's the implication , the implication is that irish culture and language developed alongside each other and are interrelated . 
  the implication is that if you restrict one of these it has an effect on the other . 
  it does n't really speak about all other countries without a language of their own , only some of them . 
  it 's my understanding that current brazilian culture predominantly stems from the portuguese colony , not from the tribal nations that inhabited it before colonisation . 
  i would expect that the tribal nations would have similar feelings about portuguese language or perhaps i would expect it 's more similar to the feelings of breton people 's in france , or if brazil was forced to speak another language today . 
  well , i guess it 's more `` when you take away our language , you 're taking with it our soul '' in terms of the implied meaning, 
  translation of crowd chants :  t\u00e1imid dearg , dearg le fearg we are red , red with anger  t\u00edr gan teanga , tar gan anam a country without a language is a country without a soul . 
  also heard : [ \u00d3r\u00f3 's \u00e9 do bheatha baile ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sje2vyw99a ), 
  basically the current labour leadership is the snap reaction going back to it 's roots , after years of `` many decisions that i would n't qualify as what labour should be voting , if they were a `` socialist '' party '' like you say . 
  it 's all about who shows up to actually cast the vote on the day , and the older types are more likely . 
  i also think the campaign period will be horrible , and people do n't really get excited about abortion the same way as they do marriage equality !, 
  hope you 're right !, 
  i 'm not quite as optimistic as you, 
  it 's like the aldi version that 's * just * different enough, 
  well , he actually represents the very conservative wing of fine gael - more so than any other contender for leadership . 
  he spends a lot of time in the media chatting away which makes people believe he 's some sort of progressive but he is n't . 
  is n't this what it was like before the regular single market though ? 
  well that 's my nonsense quota for the day satisfied .
