it 's because of how the british government refused to acknowledge the name of the state as ireland and always referred to it as eire ( when it should be \u00c9ire anyway ) . 
  english is also an official language of ireland and ireland is the states official name in english , so the british governments insistence on avoiding calling the country ireland and then even getting the other name purposefully wrong has grown into this dislike for using eire by british people and their government . 
  though , i would n't have said we have a dislike for all foreigners using it , it 's not something i have come across . 
  because i am normal . 
  exactly, 
  agreed, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you, 
  i guess either, 
  okay it seems as though you 're being backward for the sake of it and to annoy , but in case you * are n't * aware and are simply mistaken , the official name for `` southern '' ireland as you call it in english is `` ireland '' . 
  your own government has even gotten over calling it \u00c9ire . 
  if you really ca n't bear to call it ireland you could at least call it the republic rather than `` southern '' but i suspect you know that and are simply trying to raise ire . 
  it must have just been the particular threads i 've been on ; this thread , at the moment at least , does n't seem to be very sympathetic to the cause . 
  you could call the country ireland you know , it 's not the 1940s anymore, 
  is there a reason why so many on this sub seem to be against scottish independence ? 
  especially when catalonian independence * seems * to be somewhat more supported . 
  i 'm not being accusatory or supporting one side over the other just genuinely curious . 
  yes , considering they 're normally in the top 8 or so of rankings such as these, 
  well it would n't be illegal if spain would allow it . 
  stop driving drunk then you piece of shit, 
  me neither, 
  why ? 
  i do n't really understand what 's going on here, 
  why do moms have to pay so much extra ? 
   all in all , i wanted to vote schulz before this debate , but given that the local social-democrats are running a disgusting campaign can you tell me more about this , i was also planning on voting pes but i would like to know more, 
  try explaining that concept to american people and see how quickly they jump down your throat to tell you how german/irish/whatever they are, 
  typical imperialists :p, 
  hi can you please tell us more about hollande 's speeches on africa and what this statement means ? 
  what 's wrong with ireland ? 
  actually our recession was caused by property bubble , not a low corporate tax rate , it 's one of the only things that has kept us going and the troika agrees . 
  i 'm sick of people blaming ireland and calling us a tax haven when we do n't satisfy a single oecd criteria to be classed as one . 
  all of this stinks of bigger eu countries being upset that we get a lot of multi national companies . 
  we get to decide our tax rate and you get to decide yours . 
  we picked a low one to do exactly that , attract multi national investment and create jobs . 
  it 's worked very well for us . 
  you have a choice to do the same or not to so so but you do n't have the right to get upset about the investment we get . 
  the tax avoidance is not as a result of our tax code but as a result of using multiple tax codes of different countries together . 
  tax avoidance is not illegal just something to be annoyed about . 
  so why do n't the countries who are upset about it make it illegal so that it 's tax evasion ? 
  i suspect because that 's not really what they 're upset about , they 're more upset that we 're getting investment they are n't and are trying to make us raise our tax rate like they have been for years . 
  bearing in mind that we were guaranteed we could keep our low tax rate in exchange for a yes vote to lisbon the second time around . 
  food , tea , alcohol . 
  or on a night out , alcohol , food , tea . 
  thank you !, 
  sorry to be thick , but what is an eap country ? 
  is n't that you ? 
  oh dude if you think thats cool you should look up the salmon of knowledge and fionn maccumhall , most people prefer c\u00fa chulainn but i think fionn is cooler . 
  looks like bukakegirl, 
  i 'm not talking about subreddit subscribers, 
  unfortunately i ca n't find it as i 'm on my mobile , i believe it was posted on the reddit blog , at the end of 2011 or 2012, 
  is this to each of the subreddits , or what ? 
  i 'm using the numbers of visitors per capita reddit released a while back . 
  it placed canada above us i believe but used hits from just the republic of ireland but divided wrongly by the population if the entire island ( 6m rather than 4.5 m ) so once that was corrected ireland was highest per capita ( from what i 've seen ) . 
  though using subreddits subscribers to each of the countries gives a different perspective on involvement perhaps , i believe the number of hits per country is a better metric since not everyone will subscribe to their own countries subreddits or even create an account . 
  ireland has the highest amount of redditors per capita of any country worldwide, 
  they 've been doing that here in ireland every year, 
  shit one , ah well !, 
  its interesting and obviously there are some who would like guns when dealing with gangs and that sort of thing but overall i think it is admirable . 
  also the garda\u00ed are one of the only groups in ireland calling for cannabis to be legalised . 
  on wikipedia it says `` the garda public attitudes survey 2008 found that 81 % of respondents were satisfied with the garda\u00ed , although 72 % believed the service needed improvement . 
  91 % agreed that their local garda\u00ed were approachable . 
  the survey also found that 8 % of people believed a garda has acted unacceptably towards them ; this rate was highest in dublin south central at 14 % , lowest in mayo at 2 % . 
  the most common complaint was of garda\u00ed being disrespectful or impolite . 
  if the robbers had guns then they have an armed response unit that needs to be authorised to bring the guns from the station , they ca n't carry them around . 
  even then they can only shoot if necessary . 
  i 've never really seen that situation come up here though . 
  no it 's still the garda\u00ed, 
  that was only because i went and did rosary last sunday it 's not usually like that, 
  i 'll admit i was once rude by accident to a mormon missionary from america on my college campus , i apologise for letting down my countries image, 
  yes and they are n't really a police force in the true form , they are not bound by the government but by the people , to protect the people of the country and literally guard peace . 
  for this reason the do not use guns and only use any necessary force to subdue a criminal . 
  michael d higgins for dictator !, 
  you might be lucky or blind but ill take that last one with pride because it means we beat the english at something ( joking of course ), 
  shannon is an airport with a `` town '' actually, 
  straight ahead or left , use the left lane , if you 're going around to the right use the right lane , this allows cars going in opposite directions to not have to form the same line and congest . 
  indicate left as you enter the roundabout when going left off of it . 
  no indicator if going straight through ( indicate left as you leave ) . 
  indicate right as you 're etering the roundabout when going right and indicate left as you leave . 
  always check your left hand mirror as your leave the roundabout for other cars/cyclists . 
  i was just winding you up man , you told me you missed them and i asked which ones did you miss :p, 
  ah right , which ones were those so ? 
  that 's the joke , and it does n't apply to you ya feckin ' yank !, 
  hahaha, 
  yeah but i do n't mind so long as i get a go at the feckin ' greeks !, 
  they invented gayness !, 
  yeah that 's the thing about all belgians , they 're just a bunch of racists . 
  ah yeah , i really like the language but theres those who do n't so it 's just a differing of opinion , neither is right nor wrong i suppose . 
  maybe he meant our dark beers, 
  i 've always said they should separate the irish course into an elective irish literature subject and a compulsory modern-irish language subject which is taught similarly to french or any other language we teach . 
  teaching it like english does n't work . 
  aye , i ca n't wait for the match next sunday up down !, 
  yeah my american friend cant tell my tullamore accent from a birr accent at all, 
  oh , hahahahah i did n't even get that , i thought it was because people drowning does n't usually make headlines where you 're from or something . 
  man i 'm an idiot !, 
  yeah i liked the sheep one , very funny !, 
  btw why is the cork newspaper headline mentioned ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  haha it 's a fun legend , but in reality there were never any snakes in ireland , though i too am terrified of them . 
  `` i just got down from up the north '', 
  glad you enjoyed your time here , if you 're ever coming back hit up / r/ireland for people to hang out with or give advice , or pm me either . 
  good luck getting the job , i often give advice to people moving here so if you want to pm me do n't be shy !,
