  russia had been warned to cease doing so repeatedly . 
  this particular plane had been warned not to breach turkish air space repeatedly . 
  it got what was coming to it . 
  jesus christ , you 're saying this with a straight face ... turkey has 50x the violations against syria and armenia . 
  russia could have shot them any time before , as it was protecting both countries at their respective requests . 
  turkey was * provoking * those said countries * during an official peace with them * . 
  russia was flying on a * combat mission * . 
  quite a different matter . 
  mission that had no intention of harm to turkey itself , after all , there is the concept or * proportionate response * . 
  turkey was bombing syria . 
  russia never bombed turkey . 
   syria had the right to shoot down turkish planes violating its airspace . 
  turkey has the right to shoot down planes violating its airspace . 
  yes , why do n't you reduce all of the informal agreements that hold this world together with its shaky peace into a zero sum game of hammurabi 's law . 
  any violation no matter how minute will now warrant a shootdown because any violation robs a nation of its inviolable integrity . 
  thanks to your wisdom we 'll have wwiii , iv , v , hell , we 'll be having wws like we have rain in northern europe . 
  i 'm just glad you wo n't be holding any important government posts , with a philosophy like yours there is no limit to how much misery this world will have . 
  are you sure you 're not chinese ? 
  sounds like you studied their legalism philosophy . 
  let them downvote you , they do not read history . 
  french problems with algerian minority do not leave me with any sympathies for the french , nobody asked them to colonise algeria and then lead an [ extremely bloody war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) to forestall their independence that was coming anyway , as anyone with vision for broader trends and * multiple * us warnings could have told them that colonialism was over . 
  yet france proved no less brutal than the soviets in wwii in that 50s-60s war . 
  complete with institutionalised torture , regular carpet bombing and abandonment of practically all their loyalists in the end . 
  this subreddit like any part of reddit is young and generally completely ignorant of all but the most basic overviews of history . 
  more or less objective scholarly history that is , i 'm not talking about snippets of history mentioned in modern agenda-driven journalism or popular culture . 
  if france did not colonise maghreb and then bathe them in blood instead of letting them go , it would not have this issue . 
  though i suppose some other european nation would have done that , so there is that . 
  would be less of an issue at least . 
  contrary to popular perception , the middle east was far more peaceful than europe until the 20th century . 
  and prior to the shift in foreign policy due to oil , people [ were more moderate too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv0agvy3jvo&amp;sns=fb ) . 
  prior to the propping up of the saudi monarchy too . 
  monarchy that would not have survived an ottoman , egyptian or iranian invasion if it were n't coddled . 
  in fact wahhabism and the kingdom of the house of saud was already crushed once in the 1800s . 
  does the middle east hate china ? 
  no , china did not invade it . 
  international conduct does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  neither is killing of airplanes and then their pilots acceptable for such a minor violation , seeing how in the past twenty years after cold war i do n't see any nation , us included , making such an interpretation . 
  i 'm also absolutely sure that turkey is keen to enforce other issues of conduct such as arresting their turkish national for shooting the parachuting russian pilot , i can almost hear them scrambling to do that ... nations take hints from others , they see what 's acceptable and what 's not . 
  turkey has made a bold interpretation just recently , i 'd like to see how it will apply that interpretation to its own aircraft which may hit turbulence very soon if they continue on their present courses . 
  i 'm sure they 're going to agree without protest to the application of their own ` rules of engagement ' . 
  i 'm fully aware of the shot down turkish plane , i mentioned it in several of my comments here if you check my post history . 
  would you like to quote the outraged erdogan comment that he made regarding how supposedly unnecessary and extreme that was ? 
  that 's funny , because when turkish planes flew ( and still fly into ) syria , they actually drop bombs . 
  you expect assad to allow a hostile power to drop bombs on him ? 
   born in chernovtsi ? 
  ha , i lived there . 
  potratil shkolniye godi v gimnaziye no . 
   and what the hell are you talking about how poland has a good history of managing ? 
  damn , has the cold gotten to you as well ? 
  poland historically was a multi-ethnic society that managed jews , lithuanians , poles , ukrainians and even tatars living in its territory . 
  let 's not forget that it was bandera who genocided poles and jews , not poles genociding jews and ukrainians . 
  compare that to turkey genociding greeks , armenians and kurds all at one time , still not done killing the kurds and still clashing with armenians . 
  hell , if it was n't for russia stationed there ... 
  this is coming from a nation that made northern cyprus , aka the original crimea . 
   as opposed to not respecting international borders at all and acting smug over it , like russia has a long history of . 
  did you drop a northern cyprus somewhere ? 
  i think i found it ... 
  i 'm not the one acting smug over my nation 's sordid history . 
  he is . 
  and his nation 's history managed quite a lot for its relatively small size and power . 
  i do n't believe turkey has any moral high ground to criticise our international conduct . 
   this downing was preventable . 
  yes , by refraining to fire on a jet that passed 5 seconds in the 2km airspace jutting out . 
  not 17secs btw , that 's the su24 's stall speed . 
  just as russia refrained from firing upon turkish jets and helos that violated armenian and syrian airspace that russia has the official mandate to protect and has the assets to pull off the shoot-down . 
  i can assure you , turkey did more than clip syria or armenia for 5secs . 
  armenia was even visited by * helos * , the last aircraft that can plausibly stray into hostile airspace and in syria the turkish jets regularly shed peculiar parts that must accidentally drop off their airframe and then somehow explode on contact with the ground , as if they were made of antimatter . 
  you can technically shoot at any aircraft that stray into your airspace but if that was so , turkey would be plucked of all of its feathers by greece , syria and armenia by now . 
   there is literally zero reason for russia to violate anyone 's airspace . 
  it has complete free reign to do whatever it wants inside of syria . 
  apparently you 're unfamiliar with the physics of a jet that has a speed of 2,500 km/h and the turkish propensity to supply terrorist proxies in syria . 
  perhaps if turkey did not wish russia to perform border bombardments it should refrain from supplying isis on its borders or supplying and otherwise aiding its citizens joining and supplying ` moderate turkmen rebels ' which proceed to shoot unarmed soldiers , behead them and then scream allahu akbar in a manner befitting something slightly less than moderate . 
  if syria can not even respect the airspace of its so-called nato ally in peacetime , how do you expect a russian jet to bomb the border posts and not clip a turkish leg sticking out for a time period of a tenth of a minute or so ? 
  surely one is magnitudes easier , after all , why do turkish jets fly into greece or armenia ? 
  are they afraid they will genocide turks as they did in the 20th century oh wait ... 
  he 's definitely an idiot because even i know it 's a major opponent of his , imo a haaretz of turkey . 
  however , you can not deny that incidents such as the shootdown of a russian pilot and the following torrent of accusations of complicity with isis will persuade even the liberal opposition newspapers to rally behind * after all their own * country , seeing how an accusation that turkey supports isis could affect not only erdogan but all of turkish citizens . 
  turkish newspapers can write all they want about detaining isis but it does n't change the fact that turkey supports isis and bombs the ypg kurds who are the most serious opposition to isis ( with iraqis previously prone to running away , assad ok with isis being the bogeyman scaring the west and fsa considering assad as the prime threat ) . 
  even hurriyet has a pretty strong anti-kurd bias . 
  of course , pkk is hardly endearing , but they would use tanks and aeroplanes or even heavy weapons instead if they had them . 
  they 're not muslim fundamentalists with a death cult . 
   did you even read the fucking article ?? 
  did you ?? 
  easy there ottoman , it 's not your pilot that was being shot down , if you get so butthurt whilst riding the wave of truimph as evidenced by your smug `` you are approaching turkish airspace '' tag on your flair ( * you must have less self-awareness than a jewish fascist , for previously turkey beat even russia in the number of violations it performed on greece alone , not mentioning syria and armenia * ) ... ... how butthurt would you be if it was your day to chew on rocks when one of your perpetually lost aircraft gets shot down ? 
  assuming we 're ignoring that syria already did that two years ago ... 
  that 's really funny , so when isis launched an attack on kurds at kobane even though by that point kobane was not near the frontlines and the isis attacked was launched from the turkish border the turkish military somehow missed that , just as it misses the weekly oil caravans going from isis into turkey . 
  how could the more than half a million man army backed with so many us jets , drones and surveillance devices and stationed along a very hot border miss all that ? 
  but now that relations with russia reached a rock bottom they 're detaining some chechens . 
  finally having to pretend they 're against isis , so they start with the easy shots ? 
  i guess the military formations of isis were previously using cloaking devices of the same manufacture that were preventing the russian military from noticing all its hardware slipping away into ukraine ... 
  we russians also detained a lot of ` vacationers ' that visited ukraine and then came back to russia . 
  i guess so much for us supporting donbass ` rebels ' / s **** turkey is playing with fire . 
  there are considerable geopolitical reasons for turkey supporting isis and a mountain of evidence . 
  i 'm sure any kurd would love to personally share those stories with you , just as i am sure you 're going to likely ignore because kurds are filthy terrorists . 
  as someone on reddit today remarked , kurds would love to trade their suicide bombers for turkish tanks . 
  as it stands , kurds are not exporting terrorism like isis , they 're defending their homelands , just as armenians and greeks were as you genocided them throughout the 20th century . 
  that 's the fundamental difference . 
  also , kurds [ do n't actually shoot ] ( http://rudaw.net/english/kurdistan/08012015 ) those who surrender to them , [ same of which can not be said of turkish citizens who are in no way detained in turkey and yet shoot russian pilots in violation of geneva convention , then behead them and scream `` allakhu akbar '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3u6im0/the_turkmen_commander_alparslan_%c3%a7elik_who_shot_at/ ) -- if that 's what turks are , i do n't even see why you bother differentiating your ` turkmen ' and ` turks ' from ` isis ' when they act the same . 
  of course , i 'm just playing your game here -- apparently a few examples of x mean that x is true for all of turkey . 
  maybe if ukraine massacred their minorities pre-emptively like you guys did the whole crimea and donbass debacles could have been avoided !,
