  why not stick to real ones . 
  take the holocaust , a crime beyond belief in its cold brutality . 
  however , does it justify treating germans that you meet like shit ? 
  not even in 1950s was it justified . 
  so let 's not act like we can have a blank pass to treat gypsies poorly because `` they have a terrible culture '' , whatever that means . 
   why i 'm not surprised you ca n't even understand what 's being discussed there . 
  because instead of making actual arguments most of your posting history is just snarky oneliners that do n't actually prove anything ? 
  you must think you 're so subtle , making these two posts in a row :  are you saying it 's racist to hate some culture ? 
  and  what if their culture is sacrificing babies to the gods , enslaving neighbours , and their songs are solely made of screams . 
  am i racist then too ? 
  very subtle . 
  it would be funnier if you had a tad more self-awareness . 
  come to america , you 're gon na get shot down really quickly ( * outside of the neckbeard haven that is the reddit defaults * ) for saying `` i do n't have the race , just the culture '' . 
  a while ago the racists in the us rebranded their image from ` racism ' to ` culturism ' ( * the less extreme ones * ) and ` race realism ' ( * the more extreme ones * ) . 
  i 've seen quite a few euro political parties follow the suit , but so far i 've seen far more americans call out ` culturism ' than i have seen euros . 
  at least eastern euros . 
  back home everything sorta happens slower and later , such is life in the cultural backwater of the western civilisation ... whatever the culture is , ` hating ' it is very difficult to do without also harbouring some measure of animosity towards the individuals in the culture . 
  moreover , hating an entire ~ ~ race/ethnicity ~ ~ -- err , sorry -- ` culture ' leaves you vulnerable to being prejudiced . 
  it is never correct to hate a culture because that leads to prejudice , the automatic differential treatment of members of the said culture . 
  we are human beings , not monoliths of automatons . 
  each one of us is unique . 
  i realise your narrow mind has difficulty seeing that judging by how you 've always treated me here for my nationality , but perhaps others see more clearly . 
  what if lithuania was oppressing russia and spreading communism in the democratic kapitalist russia ? 
  what if aliens landed on earth and began eating people ? 
  are you just fishing for a guilt-free way to be racist ? 
  i 'm slicing my hams on this edge now ... 
  if you think ukrop is an ethnic slur ... what is your nationality anyway ? 
  all i see you doing is going around three subs ( / r/europe , politota and ukraina ) spreading a very biased perspective of ` russia sucks ' and apparently now spreading bullshit theories about how russians are racial inferiors . 
  and i 'm the baddie for ` using a foul slur ' lol ? 
   the fellow was bemoaning your loss of european culture . 
  and i explained to him why it was rose-tinted bullshit glasses . 
  19th century russian tsarism makes putin look like a flaming progressive homosexual like i am . 
  it was a dark , regressive time for russia . 
  anyone who claims to like it ( you and him ) have n't read any of your history . 
  ussr was still european , are you going to tell me communism was n't a uniquely european ideology ? 
  we did n't lose culture because we chose to speak our own language ... 
  communism is as european as opera . 
  it 's a german philosophy that germans seeded in tsarist russia in a ( successful ) attempt to destabilise it . 
  ussr was still european . 
  tsarism needed to go . 
  whether through communism or something else , that era was cancer to russia 's development throughout the 19th century as we became the other sick man of europe . 
  oh , trust me , i 'm very much against putin , you can see me post here on this sub regularly . 
  but i 've been plenty of times to both subs . 
  politota has a lot of ukrainians wishing to discredit russia and to laugh at its every failure there , it 's not what it used to be before the ua conflict ( if it even existed then ) . 
  your crackpot racial theories made you a laughingstock of even this sub . 
  have fun  p.s. 
  you say :  and you and your hysterical scene here look pretty silly , actually . 
   but the downvotes on your comment and the upvotes on my comment argue that the reverse is actually true   , 
  sarcasm tag , learn to read it ukrop  the latvian was bemoaning the loss of french language dominance in russia . 
  i think every nation has the right to use its own language in its own territory -- especially being free to choose . 
  which is why it is so ironic that a latvian thought those days when russians had to speak french were the best , forgetting those days when latvians had to learn russian even though they did not wish it . 
  the fuck am i seeing here , a pole actually saying there was something good about communism ?? 
  do n't drink too much wodka friend , is not good for you . 
  jesus christ , i thought he was kidding about politota , but i checked your profile and he was not ... for the uninitiated , / r/ukraina and / r/politota are ukrainian subs , but unfortunately it seems they represent the more dim parts of ukraine , or just the younger and less mature kids , so you get a lot of crackpot theories , far-right nationalism and downright pseudo-nazi stuff like racial theories of as to why russians are inferior people ( racially ) . 
  subs like that are only good for putin 's propaganda . 
  although to be fair , i 've noticed russians and ukrainians have a problem with discussing race/culture , we are n't as educated on what it actually is and therefore a lot of people will say racist things or say racist things and then say `` it 's just culture '' as if saying i do n't like gypsy ~ ~ people ~ ~ culture is somehow ok . 
  i also see this on / r/europe as well , but it is less prevalent and people can usually be shamed for it here successfully . 
  in those subs , they wo n't understand you . 
  too bad the use of russian in latvia did n't last / s, 
  but what did he last say about holodomor ? 
  easy to admit to shit that you did n't do . 
  but what am i saying , half the euro countries have far larger genocides under their belts and still are n't admitting them most of them time ... 
  nonetheless , that 's whataboutism , i 'd rather see him take the first steps following germany , which has admirably handled its own skeletons . 
   true , but on the other hand ... it 's easy to admit stuff you did n't commit yourself . 
  you do n't know much about russia , do you ? 
  or shit , any country in the world really . 
  nobody likes to admit that they were the baddies , especially when putin is also the same guy who glorifies stalin 's role in the defeat of the nazis during wwii . 
  it 's quite surprising to me that he admitted this . 
  also remember that / r/europe was ( rightfully ) ragging on putin 24/7 because he would n't admit to what ussr did . 
  this is a good first step . 
  wait , what economic growth and collaboration decade are you talking about ? 
  what kind of behaviour on the international scene ? 
  i know you are n't trolling . 
  i agree with your point . 
  i do n't agree with historical truimphalism , i would much rather live in a good country to live in and i appreciate that more . 
  i think russia went to shit lately and nationalism has a lot to do with it . 
  however , it is very hard to judge countries that never had a lot of power . 
  romania was happy to shoot the jews where it went along with germans in wwii . 
  they did so in my grandparents village , you can look it up . 
  berlitntsi , briceni raion , moldova . 
  most of us there were jewish . 
  all shot except some of the halflings like my mother . 
  the brief amount of time romania had power outside of its then current borders it comitted genocide . 
  so that 's why his hyperbolic ` russia worst nation 200 years ' amuses me . 
  hello arsecheek , meet your brother-cheek . 
  you did n't catch the last part where i said it was a troll statement for a troll  either way though , if you were never powerful to matter on the world stage , you will never know how you would do . 
  my grandparents hate romania , they lived in moldova when romania controlled it , it was a lawless place where the rich preyed on the poor , rapes and murders common , no jobs , no justice , no education . 
  then ussr came and improved their lives . 
  more than romania ever did in the 20th century . 
  hey , why do n't you blame us for the cold sore that you got last month while you 're at it , eh ? 
  **** i have -6 by your name btw according to res , i checked your recent posting history to see why , turns out your entire recent voting history is downvoted pretty much , looks like we got a troll on our hands . 
  insulting people , making silly statements , etc. 
  only upvoted posts of yours are your last two , the ` fuck russia ' posts . 
  hah , what a surprise . 
  kinda mind-bending how russians are the biggest baddies and not y' know , mongols , ottomans or nazis all put together . 
  now , my country has done its fair share of evil and then some more on top , but since you 're a troll , i will finish off with a statement that befits your character : where have you romanians been the whole time ?? 
  at least we tried something and failed , but romania will pass into history as a nation that never amounted to anything and never had a shot at doing anything big . 
  i wonder what you would have done with power if you had the chance to use it -- but you never did , and thus here you bark at the bigger dog . 
  flanders is ethnically ` belgian ' in the sense that flemish are a part of belgium , assuming you 're flemish ? 
  or am i wrong in saying that you have ties to belgians ?
