  fucking grow up if you think you can get away with saying some other nations have it worse , that 's childish and petty whataboutism . 
  relativity does n't real either , you can not excuse your shortcoming by pointing out that most nations may have some things worse or the same . 
  everything is absolute , us is a failed state with a dictator at its helm . 
  i can play your absurd game of absolutist declarations too . 
  lolwut , i got banned after i made comments on one thread right after the first thread i posted on , then appeal , then banned again after i made comments in another thread right after the appeal went through . 
  also , are you stalking me , or how would you know where i post at every point of my reddit life ? 
  i have n't been allowed into srs as of a approximately ago , so clearly you must be telling something less than the truth . 
  feel free to contact srs mods about me , or feel free to ask me for a screenie of my ` benned ' pm . 
  it 's very rare in the first world . 
  admittedly , less rare in your part of the world . 
  really now ? 
  and you base this on the same reliable sources that say that i posted in srs a few months ago ? 
  would you be surprised if i told you that western europe has 100,000-700 ,000 women and children trafficked into it * annually * ( global trafficking in women and children , 2007 ) . 
  am i wrong to assume that you 're in the habit of just making stuff up ? 
  also , thanks for the sanctimonious ` your part of the world ' . 
  reminds me of the americans saying ` those * people * live there ' when referring to social undesirables , e.g. 
  blacks . 
  haha , anyway , i kid , i 'm just picking on you now :p still , you do realise that the ` traffic ' part of ` trafficking ' usually refers to the fact that women are moved * from * eastern europe and * into * western europe ? 
   besides , it 's convenient at times . 
  for example , an acquaintance of mine is a businessman and constantly travelling . 
  he does n't have much time to seduce a woman . 
  trp is this way --   / r/theredpill . 
  women are n't objects or cumdumpsters , though i can see why someone who accuses anyone who disagrees with him of being srs would think that way . 
  reddit is funny , people who cry about srs the most tend to be the ones with the more unsavoury social views . 
  too bad , i have quite a few upvotes by your name , means that you 're a smart guy , i do n't upvote people very often ( or downvote ) on reddit . 
   no , i 'd go into a country where i can do so . 
  that 's good , you see , because it encourages people to at least use legal prostitutes . 
  that 's a great improvement . 
   probably east , where it is easier to bribe the police ah , poor naive westerner ... let me tell you how things are in my country . 
  if they catch you soliciting a hooker , they will shake ya down . 
  and trust me , once they see your passport ( first thing they 'll ask for ) they 'll shake you down so much that you would wish your cock never formed . 
  police in russia is scary , you do n't give them an excuse to shake you down , they 'll shake you down with no excuse , you do n't want to know what they 'll do when they have an excuse . 
  westerners are at a huge risk of shakedowns , the russian police know how to scare sheltered westerners -- and they will think that you 're rich because obviously every westerner is a millionaire ... 
  nobody is against legalising prostitution here , do n't create arguments that nobody is arguing against . 
  i fully support legalised prostitution . 
  what i was commenting about was a guy saying that arresting solicitors is stupid and making no comment on arresting the prostitutes . 
  in my opinion , arresting the prostitute is worse than arresting the solicitor . 
  that 's my argument . 
  and yeah , i think the op was a guy , it 's a typically insensitive remark that a male redditor so often makes . 
  reddit as a whole ( and the rest of the world ) has a problem emphasising with people who are n't like them . 
  however , on reddit , this often leads to bullshit situations where you see pedophiles defended more than the actual victims or johns defended more than the actual prostitutes . 
   man , from zero to sexist in 9 words . 
  i love how those who cry about srs are often the ones who cry ` sexism ' when it does n't exist and ignore actual sexism , like the guy who does n't care when hookers are arrested , only the johns . 
  i 'm such a terribly sexist guy , maaan , i must be a man-hater lol . 
  hate my own kind , a russian man who is a man-hating sjw . 
  fucking hell mate , my friends would piss themselves if they heard ya . 
  also , how did you come to the conclusion that i am an srs poster ? 
  or do you just cry ` srs ' whenever someone disagrees with you ? 
  i have been banned twice from there . 
  still am . 
  you 're also quite bad at detecting the srs , they 'd faint at the use of the word ` bar skank ' . 
   they can literally work in any unskilled field . 
  that 's not `` no choice '' . 
  you 're right , you should be an expert in prostitution with statements like those , really . 
  never heard of human trafficking and the state of women in the industry of illegal prostitution , have we ? 
  some might have a choice . 
  many do n't have as much freedom . 
  and even if they did , it 's quite a bit easier simply not to solicit a prostitute . 
  arguably it is even easier to avoid going to a prostitute , really , is that so necessary now ? 
  russians do n't arrest the solicitors ... that 's too bad , because i think solicitors should be arrested . 
  however , since typically wealthy men solicit prostitutes , you obviously can not arrest them , now can you ? 
  moreover , russia took a step back in gender equality since ussr broke apart , now we 're a lot more patriarchal society than we used to be . 
  swedes do n't ` allow ' prostitution , they simply go after the ones who deserve to be went after . 
  as another user here pointed out , they do n't arrest prostitutes because they 're more often the victims , at least more so than the solicitors . 
  arresting illegal prostitutes does n't cut down on prostitution either , their pimps will force them to work either way . 
  however , some solicitors can be deterred if solicitors are rigorously arrested . 
  would you use a prostitute if you knew you may get arrested for it ? 
  or would you try harder to pick up a girl/jerk off instead ? 
  you as a hypothetical solicitor might have other choices , but prostitutes often do n't . 
  i 'm arguing it 's silly to say that russia is somehow unique and at fault for having these books . 
  they appear in every nation . 
  it 's rubbish ` journalism ' , propaganda-driven books appear every time a hot-button issue comes up . 
  whether organisations trying to change public opinion or enterprising writers trying to make a quick buck . 
  however , since this is / r/europe , apparently some people think that russia has the mark of satan and everything we do is [ le ] terally hitler , even if it is something that happens literally in every nation . 
  how about i criticise us for every little tiny downside it has and call it a nazi nation , see how much patience most americans on reddit will have with me . 
  and if they dare to point out that every other nation in the world has similar problems , i silence them with ` whataboutism ' phrase , which is quite the nice little thought-stopping phrase . 
   what does my gender have to do with it ? 
  because prostitution is a unique case , it is almost all-female in the ` service ' part of it and almost all-male in the ` client ' part . 
   if trafficking , slavery and exploitation already are crimes , why do you need a secondary \u00a7 , that harms all the people who want to engage in it for free and on their own will ? 
  i can agree with that , sure , but why would you say that sweden and norway are the worst though ? 
  how are they the worst ? 
  as far as i can see , they 're only the worst because they punish men . 
  you 're a man . 
  you do n't seem to have as much of a care about nations where the prostitutes were arrested , since you only chose to speak out against the nations that went after the men soliciting prostitutes . 
  which is funny because prostitutes already have a sorry lot in life without the police after them on top . 
  in contrast , i do n't hold much sympathy for men who willingly solicit hookers whilst being aware of the fact that illegal prostitution is a sordid affair linked to many human rights abuses . 
   all you will accomplish is to force it into the back alleys . 
  exactly , which is why i support legalisation of prostitution . 
  however , if prostitution is not legalised in a certain nation , i would object a lot more if only the prostitutes were arrested as opposed to only the solicitors being arrested . 
  the solicitors bear a greater moral crime here , they solicit willingly and they solicit despite having no dire need of a hooker . 
  it 's not oppression that you ca n't use a prostitute . 
  on the other hand , illegal prostitution is quite oppressive , very often . 
  what ? 
  there you go with the ` whataboutism ' cries . 
  what if i started criticising america for every little thing that 's normal in every other country in the world . 
  how quickly would you call bullshit ? 
  also , you must be accomplished troll , i literally only have like 10 or so people that have -9 by their name ... 
   the swedish and norwegian approach is the most stupid one out there . 
  of course it is , you must be a guy , eh ? 
  [ this is the worst kind of discrimination -- the kind against me .
