  i hope you do n't live in the us for your sake . 
  i do -- and i studied history in an american uni . 
  how much do you love when westerners lecture you on what 's wrong with your country when you know it 's more complex than that ? 
  i 'm sure the reverse feels not much better . 
  race relations did not ever move forward peacefully and orderly . 
  a white moderate is the greatest impediment to civil rights , as martin luther king jr said . 
  they always say the time is not now , or the methods are too unpalatable . 
  not standing up during an anthem is wrong . 
  protesting on the streets is wrong . 
  blocking highways is wrong . 
  rioting is wrong . 
  what 's left ? 
  the massive race riots which burned cities in the 1960s pushed the nation over the edge and got the civil rights instated in the us . 
  now we like to emphasise the role of mlk in popular history , but scholarly history points out that the process was as much if not more motivated by the civil disorder . 
  pretty words for civil rights have been spoken for ages , but they did not change things until events like the us civil war or the race riots of the 1960s pushed things over the edge . 
  and linguistically you were slavic too ... had a romanian professor in the states , she told me how their language was purged of slavic words in the 18th century , before it was practically half slavic according to her . 
  yeah , bosnia has a pretty admirable record , far more so-called `` christian '' nations are supplying isis with recruits , the balkan muslims are mostly withdrawn from this current . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with living in a euro country that 's largely ( nominally ) muslim . 
  hard to be alienated for being a muslim in a country that 's made up for majority muslims - and because it 's europe and more stable than some of the middle eastern nations , the bosnian muslims do n't particularly radicalise . 
  that 's an internal matter . 
  we have plenty of those too , russia 's murder rate is quite high . 
  you know full well that even though logically it should n't matter in theory , people get much angrier when someone else does it ... 
  oh yeah , having a school full of children massacred plus a bucket full of other terror events is an ` annoying thorn ' , sure . 
  chechnya is a threat . 
  especially when it launches an all-out invasion into your territory and cultivates the ideology of a radical and violent islamic caliphate . 
  when was the last time us invaded ? 
  sweden ? 
  9/11 was an ` annoying thorn ' too i guess , by these measures , wonder how america invaded two large countries out of that ... and yeah , i know the invasion of iraq had different ` reasons ' , but you ca n't say 9/11 did n't contribute to that . 
  [ try 17 years ago , in 1999 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_dagestan ) . 
  the invasion of dagestan , russia by the chechen militants , which led to the second chechen war . 
  not a lot of people in the west have heard about it though , not like anyone in the west bothers to read much about eastern euro history anyway . 
  either way , chechnya had its independence but it could n't control all the islamic radicals who thought they were gon na build a caliphate , financed by ksa and eventually thinking if they invaded dagestan the muslim populace there would join them . 
  unfortunately for the chechen and foreign jihadi invaders , the dagestani peoples actually fought back and more effectively than the russian army too , which was perpetually in disarray in the 90s and took a while to respond . 
  if you want to look back to history , the athenian domination before the peloponnese war is usually referred to as its ` athenian empire ' period even though the delian league was in theory a collection of friendly , autonomous poleis . 
  athens was a democracy and in theory only a single polis , but the influence it exerted on its allies as well as other poleis around it could only be described in terms of imperialism . 
  just because a polity calls itself x does not necessarily mean it is x , i thought every american was aware of that ? 
  i do n't think many americans would take the 'd ' in the dprk on its face value . 
  for that matter , in russia we did n't exactly believe that our country was socialist or democratic , as we were told in schools during the ussr . 
  and despite putin 's levels of support , few believe that we have an actual democracy in our country with fair elections now , whether all want an actual democracy or not is a different question ... 
  describing people i know back in my home country quite well there ... 
  heh , it 's my flair now , so you 're right , worth a laugh . 
   how surprising for a russian . 
  lol , did putin annex serbia when i was asleep ? 
  oh well , brotherhood of the slavs i guess ... 
   russia and china will come into geopolitical conflict over mongolia and outer manchuria as soon as the usa is sidelined . 
  it remains to be seen whether cooperation will serve their interests more than confrontation does . 
  i ca n't see that happening at all , frankly speaking . 
  it sounds like some sci-fi/alt-history scenario . 
  * maybe * china could have some ambitions over outer manchuria , but mongolia has long passed over to the firm chinese sphere of influence , gone are the soviet days when it was an unofficial ssr of a sort , even . 
  russia would not dream of trying some sort of a ` hostile takeover ' , a scenario in which they face off the chinese and manage to gain more influence in mongolia than china , even if mongolia ` switches sides ' willingly . 
  i think china realises that in today 's world it is far more profitable to control a nation economically than to try to tear scraps of territory from neighbouring nations , which causes massive reverberations around the world , to say nothing of the nation you 've taken the territory away from . 
  if china should need some resource from outer manchuria , it can easily obtain the rights to develop it from the russian gov ` t , which has always been in need of foreign investment to develop resources we can not afford to mine ourselves . 
  russia has nowhere near the economic muscle to be anything more than a sidepiece when compared to china . 
  sure , we have a military that 's at least for now more effective , but that is not going to last long when the chinese simply have such a larger economy and a massive pool of recruits to draw from . 
  if china wanted to , it could have a very capable military . 
  china can easily push aside russia in the future if it decides to . 
  it does n't need the eu for that . 
  china does n't need the eu at all . 
  it would make more sense for china to use russia as russia is currently isolating itself from the eu and the us , which forces russia 's hand and reduces us to the role of chinese lapdogs unless the current course of development reverses ( either we become significantly more powerful economically or very friendly with the west politically , neither of which seem likely ) . 
  reddit has been abuzz with dugin lately and yeah , i know , there are a bunch of surface similarities , but reddit is confusing dugin with surkov . 
  dugin 's book makes for neat window dressing . 
  it may have some notions which putin found useful -- or more accurately , the book predicted what putin and the hardliners had on their minds with or without having been made aware of the book . 
  however the book is also full of rubbish and i think putin recognises that pretty well . 
  it 's nonetheless useful for stirring up the masses , kinda like ldpr&z hirinovski . 
  there is no such thing as frenemies or friendships in geopolitics -- although i do understand that you 're probably not implying actual friendships . 
  common interests and circumstances create partners , that 's all . 
  china needs a lot of cheap raw resources to fund its rapidly developing economy . 
  russia is right next and has them . 
  russia has land too and china uses a lot of foreign land to grow crops -- and russia is now exporting a lot of grain for instance , unlike back in the ussr where it was quite the opposite . 
  russia is now in a vulnerable position and it only makes it all the more attractive for the chinese to use to solidify closer ties . 
  china does n't necessarily need the eu together though for it to trade . 
  hell , in some ways it even benefits china to have euro countries divided so that china will have far more clout . 
  on the flipside it can also be easier to trade with a single large entity but it really depends on which angle the chinese are putting the most value on . 
  whether they want more streamlined trade or the ability to use their trade as economic leverage . 
  yeah but did you plaster his face on literally every banknote that your country ever made ? 
  did n't think so . 
  sometime truth does n't matter if everyone thinks of something else . 
  the old joke about austria convincing the world hitler was german and beethoven austrian ? 
   that 's not how quick it becomes a native territory ... hmm , i guess all of the us 19th century acquisitions are null and void because they 're stolen illegally from mexico and americans brought in a lot of american people to out-settle the mexicans . 
  i guess once hispanics become the dominant demographic in some of those states us will have to be obligated to give it back to mexico / s your views on what exactly constitutes ` native territory ' would not work in a good portion of the world . 
  the portion with power , for that matter . 
  oh , and i guess all the poles on this sub are just rushing to give away their western territories because y' know , the germans were deported out of them and poles brought in and oh it happened during ussr and that was just as bad as nazis therefore i 'm looking forward to your theory being applied on a lot of the post-soviet states lol . 
  gibberish , right ? 
  i do n't know why you bothered with that long post that only an idiot would reply to ( which says something about me no doubt ) , it 's just ` nu-uh ' of cherry-picked quotations . 
  i showed you a census , you said ussr brought in russians even though it was a 1926 census when it was still post-civil-war chaos , i said us was imperialist in the 20th century and very civilised and you only ` noticed ' britain , you ignored the parts where i said the method of seizure of crimea was in fact imperialist and you had the balls to claim iraq was done with ` good intentions ' as if ` good intentions ' ever pay for anything in geopolitics and as if the bush administration was busy doing selfless humanitarian services above all other things , given the immense cost of the iraq war . 
  your post is a joke because you stopped even trying , that 's not how you reply to an argument at all . 
   you mean 1783 . 
  not earlier and definitely not `` always '' like russians often claim . 
  how much longer do you need ? 
  like i said , the previous inhabitants were invaders who pushed out the slavs and the greeks living there by force and enslaved them . 
   one thing is being an invader in the 18th century and before , another is doing it in the time of modern international law , in 2014 . 
  haha , you 're not actually saying this with a straight face , right ? 
  illegal invasions are perfectly common in the 21st century too . 
  did you forget what happened 11 years before 2014 ? 
  international law is not like national law , it works on the principle of community law , not police-enforced law . 
  in a neighbourhood with police , crimes are punished with police . 
  in a neighbourhood without police , order is kept by relying on each member of community to keep to the laws -- and the moment someone breaks that order , others follow the suit . 
  there was never real order in the field of international law , only the requirement of being strong enough to break international law with impunity . 
  personally i do n't think russia is very strong and putin could really dial down , to say the least , but in his calculations his invasion held acceptable costs . 
  i expected him to have stopped after crimea and the start of donbass , seizing on several favourable deals that were offered to him , but he did not .
