  the shit is so cloyingly syrupy and at the same time watered down that i have a hard time imagining a music festival as insipid as the eurovision . 
  i 'd say they 're on par with christian pop in the us , but then even those guys have quite a few classics i 'm sure ... 
  lol, 
  finns are uralic peoples , just as magyars in hungary . 
  swedes are regular northern euro indo-europeans . 
  not an argument really , i said i was amused , not opposed . 
  i know you finns are just suffering from an inferiority complex , so i will excuse your homophobic remark and your bile ; it 's ok that you are n't as cool as swedes , 
  you 're not even ethnically ` nordic ' , i know ethnicity is n't the trump card since this is n't the 1940s , but still , it 's kinda funny to see a finn so full of ` nordic ' pride , kinda like the old ` esti can not into nordic ' polandball meme . 
  or really not quite , i mean , finns are accepted as a part of the nordic countries , but it 's still funny . 
  kiseliov has some interesting quotes attributed to him in the 90s where it is pretty clear that his current persona is an act . 
  a great deal of people believe that zhirinovsky is acting too . 
  politics in russia is all a great circus act -- if you see a sarah palin or marie le pen , it 's probably just dianne feinstein or hillary clinton in disguise . 
   am i the only one who loved the booing ? 
  finally some passion !, 
  ahhh , and there we see some real european courage , my lads . 
  did europe do anything concrete to save ukraine ? 
  not a thing of course , europe is a spineless , castrated crowd of dithering old hags who will only invade some severely outclasses third world nation and then only usually when us is leading the effort with their actually capable military . 
  europeans will mercilessly dismiss the russian military as a bunch of incompetent drunks and then hide under their blankets following such an outburst of courage 'till us shows up . 
  they wo n't do anything decisive . 
  however booing a few underage girls ?? 
  sign us up !, 
  such bravery . 
  this sub is the only thing that 's holding me back from entirely defecting to the west . 
  putin may be a shitty megalomaniac dictator , but whenever i look at the people on this sub , they 're not better , they are circlejerking bullies and cretins , or racist pricks who will condemn russia 's nationalism and racism and then put on a hitler hat and declare that ' x country is for x people ' dammit ( so many times i hear this , i do n't know if anyone here has a sense of irony ) and that roma are the scum of the earth . 
  never change / r/europe , never change . 
  obviosuly i wo n't support putin just because the people here are so shitty , but nor will i cheer on for europe , not when i see that it is made up of the same people . 
  only thing different are the gov ' t propaganda lines . 
  europeans are slaves to their own propaganda machines , it 's just that the european propaganda machine is mostly good , the european gov ` ts are largely decent and they do n't feed the same garbage they feed russians at home . 
   you live in latvia - be aware you 'll have to become latvian . 
  we 're no cultural melting pot america . 
  we 're a small homogenic country . 
  latvia for latvians !, 
  when idiotic russian far-right groups chant ` russia for russians ' this sub rightfully points out that such things are very much nazi-like . 
  however , sometimes this sub has only one set of glasses , the ` europe is a paradise , russia is always evil ' glasses . 
  for instance , every time gypsies come out , this sub turns no less nazi than most russian neo-nazis , while gypsies in russia are actually comparatively tolerated ( ok , it 's not perfect , as far as minorities go , the perception of the roma in russia is better than in the west ) . 
  thing is , i know we all have some amount of nationalism in us reflexively , but you have to understand , if you think it is ok to say ` latvia for latvians ' then you better keep quiet about most of your criticism of russian antics these days because * russians with your exact personality are the ones actually causing all of this trouble * . 
  mindsets like yours * are the problem * . 
  it 's hilarious to me how you probably hate russia for being nationalist when you yourself are a perfect example of such cancer . 
  it is a cancer . 
  nationalism did no good to europe . 
  it is doing no good to russia . 
  ussr may have been a very terrible experience for the baltics , but one of the reasons i liked ussr was because it de-emphasised nationalism on a relative scale in russia . 
  now that it is gone , nationalism is once again a huge problem for us . 
  so do n't be that hypocrite . 
  do n't act like the mirror of the nationalist russian pricks . 
  ` latvia for latvians ' is what feeds those russian minorities in baltics that choose to be pricks . 
  i love how hyperbolic this sub is , i guess us school marching bands are nazism too . 
  dae everything is [ le ] terally hitler if it is russian ? 
  haha , such funny joek , much wit , uptokes to da left . 
  for russians , the victory day is very important , we kinda lost 30m people in wwii , around 20-25m of them civilians . 
  and we kinda mostly defeated nazi germany since europe was twiddling its thumbs for all the good it did ( not to say that the french resistance was n't brave , but they did not change much ultimately ) . 
  that the current neo-imperialists appropriated the may victory day does n't change the fact that the date is still very important and that marching on such celebrations is not literally nazism . 
  does it not strike you as ironic that as you complain about russian propaganda you spam 24/7 / r/europe and / r/ukrainianconflict and / r/worldnews with pro-maidan propaganda ? 
  you call anyone who disagrees with you a paid putin shill , but what does that make you ? 
  you know , i would n't mind you if you were just a patriotic pro-ukrainian upset at the nationalistic and imperialistic land grabs of putin . 
  but you 're just the type of scum that deserves whatever bullshit the russian propaganda spews . 
  i see you defending right sector and sovoboda on several threads , i see several other ukrainians on this sub do the same . 
  now i know this sub is just jerking each other in an anti-russian jerk right now , so the fact that you 're batshit nuts is easy to overlook , but the correct way to address rs and svoboda is to outright condemn them , not go all mealy-mouthed and try to bullshit your way out of condemning them . 
  condemn them and insist that they do not represent the ` maidan ' movement . 
  except that it is n't what you have done previously . 
  he will become more repressive and crazier , in an effort to distract the people ... 
  which is n't to say he is crazy . 
  he is bloody smart , cold and calculating . 
  however , he knows how to play games . 
  and he will play them . 
  or he will try genuine reform . 
  people forget that putin did quite a bit of that too in his first terms . 
  he 's a force for both good and evil for russia , internally and once his social legislation is cast aside , he has been pretty good for russia imo , or at least the best we can get . 
  problem is , his recent social and foreign policy track record is shading russia in very unfavourable light , we will see how long he will play this . 
  perhaps he will gorge on ukraine like a boa and then liberalise in an effort to win back the partnership of the west . 
  but that 's too much to hope for , really . 
  i think / u/modomario remarked on the fact of the high approval ratings of putin , as measured by the western ngos . 
  he may be a dictator in the sense of his power , but in the negative sense of the word that implies a ` junta ' , it is inaccurate , because an autocrat can have wide popular support , whereas the stereotype of a ` junta ' implies that there is no such thing . 
  people actually support him . 
  seeing how there was n't an effective alternative to putin before and even if there would be one now , putin would trample them with more advertising and smear campaigns , so as an end result neither is there anyone worthwhile to be considered a replacement for putin today . 
  russia had a brief fling with truly liberal democracy and the drunk yeltsin is what we got , an incompetent thief . 
  we may not love putin , but as russian people will try to vote practically like any citizens , as long as putin keeps the economy going , he will get votes . 
  ... which is why this crisis in ukraine is interesting . 
  if the russian economy does not recover , he will face some serious issues when the nationalistic euphoria subsides . 
  that 's not really true , a lot of russians see serbs as our brothers , we are close allies . 
  it 's true that politicians use nationalism to manipulate the voter base , and yes , i see that 's a troll account , but it is n't quite accurate to say that russians do n't care about serbia . 
  we do . 
  some of us even fought for the serbs during the yugoslav and the kosovo wars . 
  our politicians tried to stop the kosovar separatism too , but they failed , for which putin promised vengeance ( and conveniently got with first abkhazia + s. ossetia and now crimea ) . 
   sweden 's equivalent to reddit only there is more racism * more * racism than reddit ? 
  so you 're saying it is literally stormfront , only in swedish ? 
  nobody is wholly impartial however , this is geopolitics on a grand scale , everyone picks a side . 
  technically ` onto ukraine ! ', 
  actually . 
  yeah right , and lose all the free money pouring into their region ? 
  not even chechnya would leave . 
  possibilities for corruption are endless !, 
  fascinating read !, 
  quite a story there , the article was very engrossing . 
   i 've heard this before happening in the us with different , yet similar people in the fringe parties . 
  in russia we have zhirinovski , he is as jewish as they come , and yet he leads a far-right party that typically leans towards antisemitism . 
  he knows he is jewish though . 
  most russians seem to believe that much of politics is a charade . 
  i wonder how much of that is true . 
  dmitry kiselev is another suspicious case , he previously made very odd remarks before he took upon his crazy persona , the thing is an act  _ <,
