   and you paint the situation as if turkish citizens and state is 7/24 on kurdish hunt , not true . 
  no shit it 's not true . 
  this is why my head hurts from arguing with you . 
  did you know for a fact that you can oppress an ethnicity without 24/7 hunting them ?? 
  in fact , you can hunt them only on saturdays and sundays and it 's still oppression !!!, 
  in fact , you do n't even have to hunt them regularly , you just have to curtail their rights to speak their language , gather as political parties , spend less money on education and infrastructure in their regions , carry out indiscriminate massacres at times and a few other things . 
  oppression is n't black and white . 
  in fact , you can even oppress them without killing them at all . 
  i swear , you either never picked up a history book or just awoken from a time before wwi back when people could be so blissfully ignorant of sociology . 
   but your violent freedom fighting solution will not ever work . 
  where have i advocated violence , are you back to your ` put words into the mouth of your opponent ' technique ? 
   you sound so naive , to believe the minorities can not ever cause problems . 
  you sound like a regular old nationalist racist and anyone in the west will generally agree with me here . 
  thing about being a minority is that you 're in a position of very little power . 
  you get kicked around . 
  but obviously the great turks know how to build a country without needing the liberal lies of the west , such as sociology and human rights !, 
   seems like you are living in the 80ies or something . 
  kurds have all the rights like any other person in turkey . 
  you and the other turkish guy who is replying to me in this thread talks like they 've lived in a cave for the last 70 years . 
  it 's pretty rich of you to accuse me of living in the past when you 're living in even older past . 
  who in 2015 can seriously try to make the argument that ` paper rights ' are the same as actual rights ? 
  newsflash : institutionalised discrimination and marginalisation is a thing . 
  go pick up a sociology and history book about the last 100 years of history . 
  black people had the same rights that white people did since 1865 in the united states . 
  * on paper * . 
  then in [ 1964 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_rights_act_of_1964 ) there was a very important piece of legislation passed that took a * great deal of steps * to ensure that black people were equal * even though they were already equal on paper for 100 years in theory * . 
  and guess what ? 
  black people are still not fully equal in the united states today . 
  it 's actually kinda hard to get equality . 
  especially if you 're not even trying . 
  us has been steadily moving forward in granting more and more equality for the black since 1863 . 
  turkey is n't even trying , especially since the start of the syrian war . 
  you think that paper rights are the same as actual rights ? 
  are you a child , do they not have books in turkey or do you just read whatever confirms your pre-existing biases ? 
  you did n't even read the link i put in my previous post . 
  allow me to quote a passage from it since apparently you 're incapable of perusing a very brief wiki article :  the european commission concludes as of 2006 that `` overall turkey made little progress on ensuring cultural diversity and promoting respect for and protection of minorities in accordance with international standards '' . 
  [ 18 ] the european commission against racism and intolerance ( ecri ) reports that ( as of april 2010 ) : `` the public use by officials of the kurdish language lays them open to prosecution , and public defence by individuals of kurdish or minority interests also frequently leads to prosecutions under the criminal code . 
  '' [ 44 ] from the 1994 briefing at the international human rights law group : `` the problem in turkey is the constitution is against the kurds and the apartheid constitution is very similar to it . 
  '' [ 45 ] the economist also asserts that `` reforms have slowed , prosecutions of writers for insulting turkishness have continued , renewed fighting has broken out with kurds and a new mood of nationalism has taken hold '' , but it is also stressed that `` in the past four years the turkish prime minister , recep tayyip erdo\u011fan , improved rights for kurds '' . 
  [ 46 ]  however , due to the recurrence of hostilities between the pkk and the turkish government over the turkey -- isil conflict , a resumption of violence towards ordinary kurdish citizens has occurred . 
  a statement by the kurdish national congress ( knk ) stated : `` the mobs are organizing themselves across social media , forming groups and attacking homes known to belong to kurdish families . '', 
  meanwhile , 128 attacks of hdp offices , a pro-kurdish rights party , have occurred throughout the country . 
  perhaps next time try reading the link i put in my post if you have never read more than a single sentence about the algerian war . 
  makes you look more mature when you do n't make idiotic juvenile sardonic quips like that . 
  algerian war resulted in a lot of people and land being destroyed by the french . 
  that leads to refugees going to other countries . 
  algerians spoke french and france is well-off , so many went there to escape the misery of their own country . 
  also a part of [ algerians were loyalists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harki ) , they also immigrated to france ( or tried to , many were not accepted and massacred in algiers by algerians outraged at their service in the french army that tortured and killed algerians ) . 
  france has a lot of algerians because it used to own algiers . 
  notice that france has few libyans . 
  it did not own libya . 
  perhaps if the french did not wish to have so many algerians they could have refrained from colonising and then brutally fighting the algerian attempts to gain freedom . 
  to be fair , they would have algerians even if they let algeria go . 
  such is the legacy of colonialism . 
  you end up paying for what you broke . 
  even if it was your grandfather that broke it . 
  i guess history is a bitch , it has consequences . 
  i am not stalin , yet there are plenty of users ( mostly balts and poles ) on / r/europe who will attack me as if i was stalin . 
  like i said , consequences of history , it does n't just end when the new generation replaces the old . 
  maybe firstly , you get over your butthurt ? 
  there is no ottoman anymore . 
  it 's a derisive phrase that i use for nationalist turks who deny the issues that their nationalism creates , such as denying that there is a problem with how turkey treats the kurds . 
  erdogan 's foreign policy is often referred to as ' [ neo-ottomanism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neo-ottomanism ) ' ( try reading about your country more from international outlets , that will help you clear your mind from your indigenous propaganda -- you wo n't catch me reading russian news about russia because i know for a fact they 're also all propaganda ) . 
  i 'm not sure why you think * i 'm * butthurt when i use the word ` ottoman ' since the 200 years of imperial russia - ottoman empire relations consisted of russia defeating ottoman empire . 
  i do n't have a historical reason to be butthurt , unless the books you read in turkey rewrote history somehow to turn those defeats into victories ...  you lose your credibility when you refer pkk and affiliated organisations as all the kurds . 
  you 're inventing lost credibility in a vain attempt to redirect the argument . 
  what funny is how archaic you sound . 
  your arguments are straight from 1960s american politics , you 're turkish and probably not well-read in history , but i find it amusing as i recognise your arguments , except they 're so old and cliched that you 'd at least do better and start borrowing more modern ukip/fn line of bullshit if you want to explain away how marginalisation do n't real . 
  see , this is especially clear when you say something as stupid as this :  self education , cultural revolution needed among their society . 
  whenever you hear a racist in the us talk about the `` problem with black people '' they always say that blacks need to educate themselves and improve their culture , because `` black culture is toxic '' . 
  plenty of redditors will agree with this . 
  of course , you can imagine how most normal people respond to bullshit of this scale . 
  it 's laughable how ignorant people are to issues of discrimination in the society . 
  education does n't just magically happen . 
  if a minority is persecuted , they have less of a chance to get the same education that a majority ethnicity does . 
  *** kurds are the sum of all kurds . 
  i never said pkk is all the kurds , you 're just putting words into my mouth . 
  it 's a particularly disaffected extremist party . 
  extremism is a product of extreme conditions if it is on the scale of pkk . 
  why do n't the tatars in the russian tatarstan do a pkk-style guerilla campaign ? 
  why do n't the gagauz turks in moldova do a pkk-style guerilla campaign ? 
  why do minorities in some countries manage to stay peaceful and in turkey you still have a war with the kurds ? 
  [ may it have something to do perhaps with how you treat them ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_of_kurdish_people_in_turkey ) quote :  the european commission concludes as of 2006 that `` overall turkey made little progress on ensuring cultural diversity and promoting respect for and protection of minorities in accordance with international standards '' . 
  [ 18 ] the european commission against racism and intolerance ( ecri ) reports that ( as of april 2010 ) : `` the public use by officials of the kurdish language lays them open to prosecution , and public defence by individuals of kurdish or minority interests also frequently leads to prosecutions under the criminal code . 
  '' [ 44 ] from the 1994 briefing at the international human rights law group : `` the problem in turkey is the constitution is against the kurds and the apartheid constitution is very similar to it . 
  '' [ 45 ] the economist also asserts that `` reforms have slowed , prosecutions of writers for insulting turkishness have continued , renewed fighting has broken out with kurds and a new mood of nationalism has taken hold '' , but it is also stressed that `` in the past four years the turkish prime minister , recep tayyip erdo\u011fan , improved rights for kurds '' . 
  [ 46 ]  however , due to the recurrence of hostilities between the pkk and the turkish government over the turkey -- isil conflict , a resumption of violence towards ordinary kurdish citizens has occurred . 
  a statement by the kurdish national congress ( knk ) stated : `` the mobs are organizing themselves across social media , forming groups and attacking homes known to belong to kurdish families . '', 
  meanwhile , 128 attacks of hdp offices , a pro-kurdish rights party , have occurred throughout the country . 
   educated kurds do integrate themselves in the turkish society , do find work and get the benefits of a modern life . 
  pkk ca n't convince people like that to go to the mountains and fight against turkish army . 
  i 'm sure that pkk is fighting because turkey treated the kurds so well that they got sick of the astounding generosity !, 
  kinda like chechens were fighting russia because russia was so generous and progressive but the chechens were filthy backwards savages and they hated the glorious russian civilisation , preferring to wallow in their shit . 
  *** btw , does it amuse you that you 're literally repeating the arguments of every 19th-20th century racist colonialist ? 
  `` the natives that take our ways and become civilised are doing quite well , it 's those filthy uncivilised savages that are the real problem '' -- completely ignoring [ the issues ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_of_kurdish_people_in_turkey ) of marginalisation and oppression that are driving some kurds to look for independence and the creation of their own state on their own lands that they 've wanted for so long . 
  yes , you can make the same racist argument about black people in the us too . 
  except it 's bullshit and i ca n't believe the guy i replied to got upvotes . 
  probably because people did n't notice that biji is kurd , it 's kinda obvious what a turk is referring to when they say that sort of a sarcastic phrase . 
  turkey has one of the worst human rights records in europe especially since it is still continuing unlike some other terrible human rights records ( germany , serbia , etc ) .
