  i am a russian who hates putin and stalin , who is against the war in donbass ( which is 90 % financed , manufacturer and backed by russian gov ` t ) , who thinks that holodomor was a genocide , who wishes russia was more pro-gay and pro-western , who is very much a liberal , etc etc. 
  i personally think russia is shit now and has a pretty long track record of being shitty throughout 20th century ( i 'm going to leave it out before that as we can all agree that those times were even more lawless ) . 
  however , it 's much easier to turn every russian into a strawman without bothering to examine their views , so who am i to argue with that ?? 
  you 're damned if you 're a liberal russian , you 're damned if you 're a conservative russian , there is honestly no point in engaging in any discussion with westerners unless you pretend that you 're not a russian because nobody sees past your nationality , in the glorious non-nationalist europe . 
  hah , poles are ridiculous on this sub , your victim complex is beyond proportion , as is your inability to see anything your nation has done in the interwar period as anything but the behaviour of an angelic being . 
  also , i 'm waiting to see your history degree . 
  i happen to possess a ba in history from vcu ( virginia , usa -- albeit with a focus on classics , but my curriculum was varied enough ) and believe me , none of my professors or sources framed the actions of ussr in poland as ` genocide ' though i guess if you cheapen the term enough , you can call anything with those words . 
  thing is , words are tricky , if you 're not debating actual historical fact ( aka denial of the mass murder ) it is very difficult for a novice like you to understand why x is called x or y. 
  this is where it is important to have formal training in the field , as the scholarly community has its own ideas about consensus that may clash with highly biased and emotional desires of your nationality to call x things y. 
  what you study in your country is a propaganda filled joke , hence why i do n't bother reading any russian ssources either . 
  also , if i remember you correctly , you cited a right-wing yale historian with an axe to grind against left-wing politics who is n't even very well accepted in the wider historical scholarly circles on some opinions due to his political bias . 
  ussr was a mixed bag of stuff , is it difficult to understand ? 
  or do you see things as battles of evil vs good still ? 
  stalin was unquestionably evil and so was his policy of mass murder against poles . 
  however , the successors of his do n't qualify as ` evil ' unless you 're a right-wing revisionist or a little child looking for a ` good vs evil ' fight . 
  going by your definition of genocide any mass killing would qualify , making nearly every european nation guilty multiple times . 
  except i have n't seen the word genocide thrown around that lightly as it is a highly political accusation as well and most nations would rather not admit or even accuse others of such things unless relations are very much soured , hence the poland vs russia bit . 
  *** btw , great bit on framing me with some twisted words and lies , do you sometimes disassociate yourself from your emotions and take a look at how absurd your vendetta looks ? 
  come back to me when you grow up a few years and your nationalism simmers down a bit . 
  so if i called `` something shady and corrupt '' as `` ukrainian business '' you would n't be offended at all and agree that it just `` seems neutral and factually accurate '' ? 
  i mean , russia and ukraine are the leaders of corruption in europe , but ukraine has slightly more ( thus far at least ) so technically it is correct . 
  you know , at this point i am more amused than anything else . 
  if you can count on one thing , it 's a balt posting something hyperbolic about russia in an / r/europe thread . 
  well , understandable given your tough history with russia ( genuinely sorry there ) but it still does n't justify your attitudes . 
  why ? 
  because they 're self-destructive . 
  if eu/us listened to what you just said , you 'd play into putin 's hands . 
  putin is this shit on purpose . 
  faced with plunging ratings he took a few steps to raise his popularity . 
  increasing isolation and starting wars were pretty handy , time-tested strategies . 
  isolation only breeds more hatred , extremism and bitterness . 
  he wants that . 
  he wants russians to be super paranoid about the west . 
  he wants the west to spit on russia . 
  he 's like a muslim extremist in a way -- some organisations like isis and al-qaeda piss of the west on purpose so that the west will treat muslims worse and then those said muslims radicalise as they realise that the west does n't want them . 
  vicious cycle as they say . 
  putin wants this too . 
  so go ahead . 
  make his day . 
  build an iron curtain for him . 
  he will make you a hero of russian federation . 
  fuck ca n't argue with that \u00af | ( \u00b0 _ o ) | \u00af, 
  how does the sour milk taste ? 
  shhh , just let him blame everything on the russians ... 
  i hear the cows at / r/europe are n't giving milk 'cause putin laid a curse on them , 
  i 'd say russian homophobia is based on the same reasons . 
  i 'm russian but i also live in the us now . 
  the difference between people is huge . 
  americans widely have deep christian convictions . 
  russians are pretty apathetic in comparison . 
  sure , most of us wear crosses and maybe attend church on easter or weddings or funerals , but it is all perfunctory chickenshit . 
  russian homophobia is rooted in our culture of machismo . 
  i know it firsthand , i 'm lbgt myself . 
  but i 'm still romantically attracted to women and i 'm with one , so i can pass off for straight on demand . 
  i 've told many of my friends about my gayness and responses were usually curious or ` ew lol ' . 
  obviously you wo n't get this treatment on average , but i 've talked to people about this , i 've never heard ` god hates fags ' bullshit . 
  most of them say stuff about being a real man , having children and most of all not doing unnatural stuff . 
  people are n't so different , remember that . 
  it is easy to divide people based on their nation of birth or colour of skin , but we are all alike . 
  however our governments do n't want internationalism of this sort to develop , so they feed us propaganda to divide us . 
  russians are getting overtime gavage feedings of bullshit . 
  but they 're not very different from poles or ukrainians . 
  though to be fair , after the propaganda regimen is done , my country is fucked . 
  putin approves this comment !, 
  europeans , hear me , disband your union , russia will promise to be extra nice when you guys stop forcing us to invade other countries because reasons . 
  that 's because on threads that are kinda meta it is permitted . 
  and i have n't stated anything controversial either , hence the lack of downvotes . 
  where do you live that you eat steaks ? 
  i moved to us when i was 18 ( education ) and one of the things that i noticed was that nobody back home eats beef . 
  i never noticed it , but beef is pretty much absent from the russian table , unless it 's like shashlik or something . 
  otherwise it 's always pork or chicken . 
  funny considering all the cows we have and all , but i guess we mostly milk them instead of raising them for meat . 
  still , the bulls got ta go somewhere ? 
  it 's like the meat is exported somewhere , heh . 
  compare this to the us , where i live now . 
  beef everywhere . 
  beef is huge here . 
  i prefer it now , but it 's interesting that my relatives back home note that beef ` has a funny taste ' which seems so odd to me , having grown used to beef in the us for so long . 
  pork had a ` funny taste ' for me , not beef . 
  well , considering that sub is 50 % filled with edgy kids of russian immigrants out in the west who have more piss and nationalism than sense , 20 % filled with foreign kids who think russia is cool becuz reasons , 10 % filled with bitter ukrops and 20 % filled with westerners who come to either watch the madhouse or shit in it , well ... 
  it 's a fucking retch-inducing mess , yeah , and about as russian as gerard depardieu . 
  mind you , if you venture into runet , it 's still bad , just a slightly different sort of bad . 
  you mean he basically panders to whatever shit you people upvote ... also , he 's constantly full of apocalyptic and completely wild ` predictions ' about how russia is about to topple over and dissolve into 20-40 regional states or all sorts of other crazy stuff . 
  or wait , i think that was / u/3dom , yeah , he 's the crazy conspiracy theorist and self-hating russian ( * not that it 's necessarily wrong , i mean , we 've done some bad shit , humility is preferably to jingoism * ) . 
  / u/zurfer75 is sardonic , but hey , a content russian is a dumb russian these days ( or corrupt ) . 
  either way , both of the two resident russians here are pretty much the type that will post stuff just happens to fit into the circlejerk of / r/europe ... not that i 'm some vatnik , but the mere fact i disagree with putin and happen to be a liberal does n't mean i agree with / r/europe on russia . 
  yeah , i 'd go with / u/lcecap , pretty much all the russians were driven out . 
  i 'm rather seriously anti-putin ( i mean , fuck , how many lgbt russians support him ? ), 
  but even i find it difficult to post on this sub unless i grovel in the dirt for a few minutes in each of my posts about how blah blah blah i suck your enlightened euro dick and i totally hate putin now can i please have ~ ~ porridge ~ ~ post without being yelled at . 
  for what it 's worth though , both / u/3dom and / u/zurfer75 posted great descriptions in this thread of what 's happening imo , insofar as i know , since i do n't live in russia anymore , only visit and have relatives there . 
  i mean , if you have money on your bank account in greece the simplest and instant way someone like you could get their money into another vessel would likely involve using paypal to draw money from you bank account into another paypal account . 
  that 's just like something you can do in 2-3 mins . 
  buying stocks or bonds takes a bit of time , but also not difficult if you have a bank account in a european bank and your money is in euros . 
  bitcoin is very far from accessible to the vast majority of population , in a lot of marketplaces transfers are slow , scamming is higher due to no regulation and volatility of currency renders it useless for savings , even the more dedicated bitcoiners that still have a clear head on / r/bitcoin will tell you that bitcoin is more useful for speculation , not savings , and by now the entire sub will advise you against converting any significant portion of your money into bitcoin unless you 're fairly well off . 
   excluding all the hype bubbles it 's actually been more stable than most major currency 's in 2015 and for sure less volatile than the rouble :p excluding bad influence from foreign sanctions stemming from ukrainian homonazis invading donbass the ruble has been one of the most stable currencies in eastern europe . 
  excluding crazy inflation the zimbabwean dollar has been more stable than most major african currencies ... ` hype bubbles ' is a funny word of describing ` market forces at work ' . 
  bitcoin does n't get a pass on that . 
  it 's a terrible unstable currency , period . 
  it 's also frequently purchased by delusional people , or as an easy get rich scheme , which is what partially leads to the ` hype bubbles ' . 
  there is profit to be made in it , i 've made a lot of money from litecoin , but i never actually bought it or recommend anyone to invest in it .
