  if one is arguing for absence of a thing and the other arguing for the existence of a thing , then the one arguing for its existence should post proof of its existence . 
  if you claim that there is no hypocrisy , show me that there were people detained and fined for wearing a yarmulke . 
  i do n't have to show you anything , my argument is that * it does not exist , that people have not been detained for wearing yarmulkes or crucifixes * . 
  how can i give you a newspaper source about something i allege does not exist ?? 
   furthermore , just because the laws in russia are used hypocritically does n't mean this is automatically true for every single country . 
  germany is n't russia . 
  and then you wake up , sure . 
  you westerners would be funny if it was n't so sad that presumably an adult could have such a naive and childish understanding of how things are . 
  but i do n't need to insult you , you do n't sound stupid . 
  you 're not stupid . 
  you 're just acting out the ` holier than thou ' stereotype of how westerners act in front of those whom they deem to be less holy . 
  you 're telling me that your laws are n't at all influenced by bigoted populism when we 're discussing hijab bans around europe ? 
  right in the midst of the burkini controversy ?? 
  ya think the burkini ban was motivated by islamophobia because wetsuits are the same bloody thing ? 
  naaaah , france is the west , the west is morally superior to all other places , of course it can not be so !, 
  our shit does n't stink , aber naturlich !, 
  my example is the lack of an example . 
  i have n't seen anywhere a story saying that a person in germany was forced to take off their crucifix from their chest or their yarmulke . 
  it is not up to me to prove it but to you . 
  all i have to say is that i have never heard of such a thing . 
  you on the other hand have to prove me wrong by showing me an example of a person being forced to change which proves that this laws are n't hypocritical . 
  which will be very difficult for you because i do not believe you will be able to do so . 
  i 'm saying this law was never meant to keep people from wearing crucifixes or yarmulkes . 
  it was made to piss into muslims ' pot . 
  there are a lot of such laws in russia too , it takes ones to know one after all . 
  we have a lot of laws that tsar putin promulgated that will only be applied to opposition figures , almost never to anyone else . 
  laws that are useful for stepping on the toes of those whom you do not like -- and then claim full legal backing if they whine . 
  a crucifix on the wall sounds downright mediaeval to me , that 's not what i meant though . 
  i meant wearing a crucifix as catholics or orthodox do . 
  or yarmulkes in the case of orthodox jews . 
   maybe the reason you do n't hear about it is because those groups are just more likely to remove their religious symbols when asked . 
  a jew forced to remove their yarmulke in germany , wow , i can already taste the headlines . 
  wan na bet they 're not gon na force a jew to do that ? 
  all these laws ... 
  they 're not for secularism . 
  european politicians are perfectly willing to drop secularism the moment they want the religious vote . 
  they 're just there to fuck over muslims . 
  but by all means , go ahead my fellow western euros , after all , who is holier than thou ? 
  looking forward to when german mayors start firing people with crucifixes or yarmulkes . 
  any day now ... 
  you should check out reddit 's arguments against hillary clinton . 
  `` she 's a shameless panderer '' they say . 
  `` yeah , she changed her policy on gays from then-progressive dadt and civil unions to actual gay marriage instead of always being for gay marriage '' they will say . 
  and then of course they will bitch about politicians who never listen to their will and maybe even vote for someone who flip-flops on a daily basis and does n't even care about 80 % of what most of reddit believes in ... 
  i mean as a russian i get pretty tired of the bullshit that i see thrown at my country sometimes , but at other times like when it 's our relations with ukraine or the cost efficiency of this reactor it seems to be justified . 
  i do agree that there is no way for us to answer this . 
  at the same time , i ask a lot of questions that can not be answered myself as well . 
  let 's not pretend that modern 20th-21st century times have n't seen a lot of changes , look at every european country that 's now largely allied with each other . 
  saying `` the countries wanted to destroy each other for 500 years '' is just as silly as saying `` germany has been invading italy since marius repelled the teutons and the cimbri more than 2,000 years ago '' of course , modern day turkey and russia are still competing powers and i do n't see their alliance as stable , but then again it 's not like putin is going to * rely * on erdogan exactly . 
  i like russian , it 's a neat language and it sounds cool , it 's my native language along with ukrainian but english just has far more to it , english opens your eyes to the world and english has a million words for everything , millions of turns of phrase and idioms . 
  i 'm like nabokov , enchanted by a new language that i find to have a limitless potential . 
  as far as spoken languages go , russian and english i like about equally , but when it comes to literature it is very easy to decide . 
  i mean , i do n't agree with restrictions to language because it looks pathetic and desperate . 
  people pick a language they like , having a government dictate what you can speak sounds like nazi germany or ussr to me , it 's unbelievable how some balts are too dense or lacking self-reflection/historical knowledge to see that . 
  i might see the value of getting * immigrants * to naturalise as a basis for the granting of their visa/permanent residency , but the russians in the baltic countries are as history goes , practically natives there . 
  i know this wo n't win me friends on this sub , but when i hear people talk about how russia is evil for taking crimea but balts are holy for restricting russians i laugh and wonder if they realise that both events ( crimea given to ukraine , russians moving to baltic countries ) is a consequence of the autocratic soviet regime . 
  so if you think that demographic/territorial changes of crimea were valid during the ussr , then so was migration to baltic countries . 
  in both instances people were moved to a place not entirely on their own free will . 
  russians who lived 250yrs in crimea suddenly became ukrianians and balts who were always balts got displaced partially by russians . 
  both people were n't happy with what happened , but when balts say that russians do n't belong in baltic countries i am willing to agree with them if they had a similar view of crimea , except they do not . 
  people are hypocrites . 
  they do n't want fairness or justice , they just want their situation decided sui generis so as to not have it backfire by being useful to their enemy . 
  yeaaah , no , nothing is `` simple as that '' , any answer so simple is almost always wrong . 
  for how many centuries variations of german were indigenous to baltic countries thanks to prussia ? 
  the word ` indigenous ' hand-waves history away . 
  nor does it supersede the un charters on human rights . 
  at which point does an invader become ` indigenous ' for instance , there are a lot of nations that exist on the ashes of conquered entities ( aka us ) , or people existing on the soil from which another peoples were driven away from ( aka western poland ) . 
   where does the desire to flaunt your wealth come from ? 
  ohhh , i dunno , how about we start with the entirety of the human history and add to that human nature ? 
  not flaunting wealth is an uncommon exception , even in the west it is not common . 
  even the old money have many ways of showing off wealth , it 's just not always to the general public . 
   i support the idea of saying germany for germans because germany is a national-state of germans . 
  russia is a state of various ethnicities , not only russians , who 've been there even before russians , so it 's not the same issue . 
  shows how much you know about history . 
  national identities are recent creations . 
  germany was very fragmented even at the end of the 19th century , identity wise . 
  even france in mid to late 19th century was an interesting place . 
  writers noted that once out of paris , the language of the countryside was barely intelligible and dozens of romance languages abounded in france . 
  napoleon iii took care of this by forcing everyone to study in the same schools and learn the parisian french . 
  germany had wilhelm i for that . 
  what i am trying to say ? 
  if you support german and french ` national-states ' , you 're implicitly condoning any sort of heavy-handed soviet-style forced assimilation . 
  germany and france simply developed faster , they took care of their forced assimilation by the start of the 20th . 
  ussr was a few decades left . 
  yet ussr gets all the blame for the forced assimilation whereas people forgot the other ones . 
  now , ussr richly deserves a lot of the blame it gets for its terrible human rights record , to put it lightly , but whenever i get people like you , especially balts who have a hard-on for nationalism , i ca n't help but despise and pity you , because you are too ignorant to know better than to support the very thing that fucked you over in the first place . 
   but that 'll be when russians in latvia act as an integrated minority . 
  basically russian speaking latvians , rather than russian latvians . 
  it 's a chicken and the egg thing from what i 've seen . 
  why does america have so much success assimilating millions ? 
  because it does so gently , or at least compared to some euros . 
  america does n't have an official language and it will absolutely accommodate the hell out of hispanics by giving them so much in their own language . 
  people willingly learn english . 
  some do n't , but their children do . 
  **** look , i 'll be honest with you , i * feel * for you . 
  you guys got stuck with a shitty situation of russian colonists , basically . 
  on the other hand , russian colonists would n't be there if the gov ' t did n't send them there and legally speaking , generally nations are criticised for that sort of large minority group treatment . 
  again , just imagine if russia did something like that . 
  you can see it with crimean tatars . 
  russia has been catching endless flack for not supporting their language rights .
