  i compared whites to ` blacks ' or ` brown ' people if you will . 
  east asia is different of course . 
  power is all relative , in europe white people hold the power . 
  therefore in our context , we have the power and wealth . 
  you can make a case for ` sino privilege ' quite easily too , i wo n't stop you . 
  han chinese do have their own privilege in their own country . 
  but i do n't disagree with you there . 
  i do n't subscribe to the russian historiography . 
  i received my ba in history in the us , not russia . 
  russian history education is worthless these days . 
  that 's so rich of you to complain about straw men , i was making fun of you for creating a straw man of me to argue against . 
  which is what you did . 
  it is n't a straw man to point out that you created a straw man out of me to argue against . 
  i did n't say you should thank me for liberation and i do not view stalin positively at all . 
  however , you did imply that i did that . 
   i know german `` generalplan-ost '' , but it makes no difference since the soviets did n't mind it at all until germans broke their alliance and invided . 
  soviets did n't know about the extermination then . 
  and of course the soviets would n't care if it did n't affect them . 
  do you see any country risking massive war to stop genocide ? 
  world could n't be fucking bothered to stop the rwandan genocide even though the scariest thing there was a bunch of technicals . 
  geopolitics is brutal , do n't expect some sort of goodness from the world nations without some benefit to the benefactor . 
   yeah , i know your `` historiography '' , it 's not just false but also unreasonable . 
  you 're just repeating some unsupported theories not at all . 
  what ` theories ' ? 
  it is a well-known fact that the west tried to steer hitler east . 
  the west was afraid of communism because they saw it as a great internal existential threat to themselves . 
  communists were everywhere and they stood for a total upheaval of order . 
  communism was dangerous . 
  look at america for instance . 
  so far away from europe and yet communists faced heavy persecution during the early to mid 20th century whilst the far-right fascists found many sympathisers that were n't shamed for it or investigated until wwii reached us in 1941 . 
  you think i am spouting conspiracy theories here ? 
  ai-yai-yai , you poor pole , get your head out of your propaganda that you learned in your schools . 
  just because you are n't russia does n't mean your history education is n't full of shit , i bet it is because eastern europeans nations each peddle their own brand of bullshit in regards to their national history . 
  russia being the most egregious , sure , but that does n't excuse the others . 
  fortunately i received my history education in the us , it 's much more objective here . 
  read this if you have access to jstor : http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/152863?sid=21106218587083&amp;uid=4&amp;uid=2 it explains the complex diplomatic realities of the late 1930s . 
  academic , peer reviewed article from a respected journal . 
  ussr wanted a defensive pact with the west , the west did not want it however . 
  rejected , ussr took the german offer . 
  ussr knew german offer was treacherous , but stalin figured it would buy him some time . 
  not enough , as it turned out to his surprise . 
  hitler attacked too soon , everyone knows that now . 
  everyone killed each other , but the slaughter that the nazis perpetrated despite their short reign and their heavy involvement in hard wars is unparalleled . 
  especially their industrialisation of murder . 
  too bad / r/europe reads like a neo-nazi forum sometimes , if any of you studied history in a respectable uni you would n't be spouting this . 
  academic view of nazis is very dim . 
  there you go , next time try putting paragraphs in your rant . 
  keep denying the fact that nazis planned to exterminate you as well . 
  or keep overlooking the fact that while you were cozying up with the nazis , jews were dying . 
  obviously soviets were just there to grab land and steal resources . 
  that 's how history worked unfortunately . 
  but to say that soviet rule was n't an improvement of a german one is something only a person pig-ignorant of history would say . 
  germans managed to kill so many in so little time all the whilst having wars on all fronts . 
  once they won the wars , their extermination plan would * kill your sorry people too * but keep denying that , sure . 
  nevermind the fact that balts were n't considered aryan unless they had the right ` look ' . 
   of course russians are asking for both worship and `` understanding '' . 
  you 're talking to me mate , i did n't ask for it . 
  are you talking to me ? 
  if you 're not talking to me , go talk to some other russian that fits your stereotype of a russian . 
  i 've met your type before . 
  your type does n't care about talking to me , you do n't care what i think , you 're just talking to a stereotype of a russian you built up in your mind . 
  that 's not how a discussion works however . 
  i can not speak for anyone but myself and my own views here . 
   stalin and soviet union were just as bad as nazi germany . 
  good luck getting a single respected academic to agree with you there , at least in the us . 
  i got a ba in history in the states , it 's much more objective to study history here than in russia ( or eastern europe in general )  germans do n't worship nazi regime and hitler , but russians do so for the soviet regime and stalin . 
  here i will agree with you , that 's a very unfortunate fact . 
  a major regression too , ussr itself condemned stalin after he died . 
  now putin is bringing back his rotten , stinking corpse . 
  nobody asked for worship . 
  do n't twist my words . 
  i said it is very inaccurate to call stalin worse than hitler . 
  especially when hitler planned to kill all the balts that were n't blonde and blue eyed too . 
  balts are too ignorant to remember that unfortunately though . 
  that 's not a very logical argument or i guess i just do n't understand your point . 
  yes , some people survived the nazis only to get nailed by stalin . 
  but what 's your point ? 
  hitler planned to kill all non-aryans in the eastern europe . 
  stalin had no such plans . 
  simple . 
  stalin deserves all the blame he gets . 
  but to say he was equal to or worse than hitler is a big spit in my face and to the faces of all the people whom hitler would eventually kill . 
  hitler did n't just plan , y' know . 
  he actively massacred slavs too , it 's just that jews were higher priority , so while he massacred more slavs , he massacred a greater proportion of jews ( especially due to their small population and easy recognisability ), 
  i knew some smartass would say that about polish genocide , but please refrain from cheapening the holocaust and other genocides by saying there was a genocide of the poles . 
  political repression = / = genocide . 
  hitler wanted to genocide jews and then the slavs . 
  ussr did not . 
  and after stalin the repression really simmered down to less violent methods . 
  stalin desperately tried to get a defensive pact with uk and france just like the one poland had . 
  negotiations fell through because the west was calculating to sell czechoslovakia and poland to hitler , thus allowing hitler to spend his steam in the ussr , also taking care of communism . 
  it was a major part of the franco-british foreign policy , to direct hitler into the ussr . 
  they believed that ussr would be defeated , taking care of what they thought was the greater soviet threat , and then hitler would be bled white too , which is convenient again . 
  once ussr failed to get a pact with the west , they accepted a pact with ribbentrop . 
  it was a simple choice . 
  either have nazis right on our border , or get an extra buffer land between us and the nazis . 
   every family in here , including mine , lost some relatives becouse of the national or international socialists , so do n't tell me that people had it easier here and for some strange reasons they should be thankful to a one side just becouse it won the war . 
  and i lost a lot of my relatives too . 
  but fortunately i have the history education to know that every one of my people would be dead if ussr had n't won . 
  if you like to close your eyes and play ignorant with hitler 's plans , go ahead , that 's on you .
