  i 'm sure he is more intimately aware of what happened to * his own damned unit * than you , sitting in safety as an armchair general/couch warrior and smugly declaring that he 's a scared sheep  the sheer gall of you to call him ` afraid ' as he fights russia and sheds blood for his country while you presumably jerk off and play games on your computer is rather amusing , to be honest . 
  and i do n't mean this personally , truly , i just think you misspoke and used the wrong word a bit in your excitement to disprove me :p  which btw apparently caused them to loose access to some heavy weapons supplies because some are afraid they 'll turn on the gov after i heard , it 's goddamn bullshit that politics are causing ukrainians to fight between each other , right now ukraine needs all the unity it can get , the inter-factional fights should wait . 
  however , a lot of the donbass ( and other volunteer battalions ) are grumbling about poroshenko being just another new head oligarch and stupidly remarking that ` we will march on kiev with our weapons next ' . 
  i understand their frustration , but such stuff should not be said . 
  still , ukrainian gov ' t is pretty fucked if they do n't understand that these volunteers of the national guard are their most effective and motivated units , despite their radicalism . 
  if that 's how it happened , why does semchenko ( commander of donbass , a celebrity in ukraine due to his determined resistance to the russian occupiers ) [ say this ] ( https://twitter.com/stateofukraine/status/505787807307419648 ) , as confirmed by a pretty major pro-ukrainian twitter news source . 
  even though he is donbass , he 's blaming the ukrainian leadership , not the russian army . 
  also , cruise missiles used by russia ? 
  what 's the source on that , or are we just making up stuff now ? 
  last i checked , only ukraine used them . 
  russia is doing just fine attacking ukrainian soldiers without provocation with mlrs . 
  i do n't see where cruise missiles fall in that . 
  more info here : http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2f0zn2/despite_promises_russians_allowed_no_green/ stupid waste of life , ua should have laid down their arms , the rebels rarely kill prisoners . 
  instead the soldiers tried to break through with weapons , which obviously was n't allowed . 
  it 's stunning that the rebels would allow something so munificent considering those soldiers would re-arm with plentiful weapons ( small arms are n't in short supply ) and come back to kill more rebels . 
  i 'm not really sure what was the point of that . 
  either way , it did n't work out , ua did not leave their weapons . 
  of course , russia has the blood of the ukrainian soldiers on its hands , but you ca n't deny that the ukrainian gov ' t is a bunch of dipshits who enabled this too . 
  what 's the point of not selling russia the mistrals ? 
  you really think it will make any difference ? 
  sanction russia where it hurts : gas and oil experts . 
  mistrals are bs , russia only benefits if you refund us the money . 
  real sanction should target our energy exports . 
  but of course , europe wo n't do that , it does n't like to be cold in the winter . 
  the fact that the world is still riding precariously close to a double-dip recession is n't helping . 
  putin can take the economy going belly up , he 's an autocrat who does n't have to worry about elections . 
  eu politicians do . 
  that 's trust though . 
  consistency is predictability , predictability is trust . 
  you can trust russia to do the opposite of it says . 
  if ~ ~ itar-tass ~ ~ rt says it 's raining outside , you can trust that it 's sunny . 
   while russia would probably dominate `` least trustworthy '' i 'm offended !, 
  surely you can trust us with certain things , such as invading the territorial integrity of our neighbours or blackmailing europe with gas ? 
  we 're pretty trustworthy when you come down to it , you just got ta understand where to place the trust , 
  mobile users usually say they do n't see flairs . 
  i see flairs on mobile , but i refuse to use any reddit apps ( lol ) so i just run chrome for mobile . 
   the people who blame the russian people for the actions of the government are idiots . 
  well , i mean , they 're technically correct , putin is now very popular . 
  however , there are many reasons for it : no critical media , no real opposition to putin , the ostracism of russians abroad which leads to a more insular mentality , the fact that putin has been the only effective russian leader in power ever since khrushchev possibly ( and to call him effective in his time would have been amusing ) . 
  oh , and do n't forget military action = popularity boost , bush was a good example . 
  but anyway , the people who claim that are n't necessarily wrong . 
  they 're just overlooking a lot of factors . 
  either way , it 's not who they blame , it 's how they do it . 
  it 's very ugly . 
   `` fuck russians , racist bastards '' yeah , it happens a lot , reddit goes on hate sprees like that . 
  before it was russia it was india , etc. 
  when a white , western person does it , it 's always a personal problem of that said person . 
  whenever someone not from the first world does that or someone from the first world who is black or muslim , then whatever they do personally is blamed on their entire community . 
  and then that community has to atone itself by taking to the streets to protest the action of a single dumbass . 
  otherwise people will say that blacks/muslims/russians / x/y are n't doing anything to speak out blah blah . 
   you can upvote a lie a thousend times , it does n't become anymore true . 
  that 's the problem , it definitely does . 
  there is no truth , there is only the majority viewpoint . 
  it has always been this way . 
   why would i be apologetic ? 
  i 'm not responsible for the weapons trade i 'm not responsible for putin even more because there is no democracy in russia , yet everyone here shits on russians even though we could n't get rid of putin even if we tried ( * and we have people dying every month , jailed every week for going against the current order , while europe and us sits on their couches and chairs doing shit nothing against what their governments do * ) let me use my example : i am a russian and i frequently get downvoted to -40 or so for saying * anything * in regards to the current situation unless i literally spend a paragraph detailing how much i hate putler and how fucking disgusting my country is and how evil the people are . 
  i fucking shit you not though , i have to abase myself and growel in shit just to not have my comments hidden far down the comment chain under the ` expand downvoted comment ' button . 
  unless i grovel , i do n't get to say anything here . 
  people here have absolutely no taste for any sort of an opinion that is n't even really dissenting . 
  like , i do n't think that russia has a right to do what it does . 
  i write my posts a little differently though , they 're not just simple ` fuck putin , fuck russia and fuck russian ' like some of the top comments here ( remember when russians got stranded due to sanctions ? 
  top comment was an unapologetic ` fuck russians ' ) ukrainians on this sub just tell me to fuck off because apparently i 'm the one who 's killing their own citizens . 
  they 're even suggesting that i put them on ignore lists when i complain about them . 
  they 're just as arse-backwards of people as russians , but boy do they love pretending to like democracy . 
  the people on this sub act just like the very groups they claim to hate . 
  if this sub was a country , it would be a mirror image of russia these days . 
  it 's total farce . 
  *** i 'm glad you partially agree with me here , keep in mind that i 'm not aiming my criticism at you directly but the voting patterns of this sub . 
  the voting patterns * do * matter , because they represent the common views of the demographic of reddit , which at this point is pretty broad ( a very large portion of 15-35 yr old males use this site ) . 
  moreover , while the s [ weed ] en jerk is n't as loud anymore , reddit still acts like sweden can do nothing wrong and everything right . 
  like i said , just imagine what would happen if a russian or chinese guy said what you did . 
  oops , sorry , i thought the * kazakhs * saw poles as lazy , not vice versa haha . 
  no more than the ukrainian one does . 
  i am a student of history , russia is a country with its own set of circumstances . 
  extreme lawlessness and penury of the 90s , the crash of 97 , then an ascendant and very strong as well as effective leader rising in the 2000s slowly chokes off all opposition until there is n't much left . 
  most russians still tacitly support him since there is little viable and visible alternative . 
  ukraine took a different political course and the successive ineffective and corrupt governments made the people distrust the government and get used to overthrowing or electing new ones . 
  no strong leader came to ukraine like it happened in belarus or russia . 
  ukraine got a chance to be more democratic since the people were not lured into worshipping an autocratic leader , since no effective ones came to step up to the podium . 
  the present is very dark for ukraine , but the future holds a lot of promise . 
  / r/europe is progressive , that 's why i joined this sub . 
  until , as i learned , the subject turns to things like gypsies or russians . 
  then it 's time to play little hitlers and casually discuss such cutting-edge concepts as ` racial temperaments ' and various other 19th century pseudoscience . 
  i suppose it was naive of me to think this sub was any better than reddit defaults . 
  nationalities change but views are similar . 
  that 's interesting , why would they make that stereotype ? 
  in russia poles are seen as fairly capable and hardworking , industrious and educated . 
  never really hear negative stereotypes , at least not around me . 
  many of us visited soviet-era poland and we saw it was better than ussr proper . 
  * ` the jewish mentality is always money-grubbing , they always seek to accumulate wealth ... ' * stay progressive , / r/europe , stay progressive . 
   are n't they catching up quick ? 
  quantity wise yes , tech-wise , not at all , but that wo n't matter since prc will quickly scale up their military expenditures if they see it fit and it would n't be difficult for them to surpass russia if they put their backs into it . 
  especially in naval power , russia never spent much on that . 
  the deeper problem is that the recent ( last 14 years ) of russian military reforms aimed precisely at eliminating the bloated post-soviet military with a smaller but highly efficient force . 
  military experience in the two chechen wars and then the georgian war was invaluable , it exposed many weaknesses that putin was quick to recognise along with the more reform-minded generals . 
  the quality of the armed forces went up , not sure what will happen in the future , but the russian military is no longer a joke . 
  still , money is money , russia can be easily outspent by china . 
  china may be far behind now , but just like us prior to wwii , in the event of a war they can quickly grow into a monstrous force . 
  it is very fortunate that in many ways the chinese foreign policy shows far more calculation and restraint than the us one , they play a nice little game of pressuring their neighbours whilst being extremely non-interventionist ( in a military sense ) elsewhere . 
  smart to avoid wars , if only the us would learn .
