  saudi arabia is a state that would not have survived without the west . 
  and without western meddling you would have far less bitterness , conflict and radicalisation . 
  still plenty of conflict , do n't get me wrong , but the anger would n't be directed outwards and the situation would n't be quite as dire . 
  salafism was a reactionary movement , aimed towards a more ` original ' understanding of the quran and aimed against the contemporary establishment which was seen as corrupt and having strayed too far from its roots . 
  such movements are found in all religions , the protestant reformation was a direct mirror of this . 
  note how much strife it produced too . 
  the worst war prior to wwi was universally ( inside europe ) considered to be the thirty year 's war , a war very much intertwined with religion . 
  martin luther preached that jews should be burned and expelled . 
  if anything , i 'd argue salafism was milder than the protestant reformation . 
  who knows what islam would have been today if it was left alone , but i would be careful of saying that salafism is first sign of ` barbarisation ' of islam . 
  hah , i do that all the time , i added even more to my second comment too :p i do n't know if the stage of nationalism is a good idea though . 
  there is no proof that there are set stages of development . 
  that 's too deterministic for any historian to agree with . 
  unless you believe in some sort of a god 's plan for human history . 
  nationalism in a volatile environment the likes of syria would be hell . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  by the time it will be safe to do that in syria , syria wo n't need nationalism to save itself . 
  please check my edit , i added a lot and doubled the size of the post . 
   islamism is blind . 
  yet centuries of islam in the middle east did not make it any more barbaric than the west , arguably less so in fact . 
  the barbarism and widespread instability started when the west began meddling . 
  is it a coincidence that saudi arabia champions an extremely backwards sect of islam that only prospers because the west props them up ? 
  they would n't survive for a day against iraq or iran otherwise in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  is it a coincidence that democratic movements were toppled in iran , or did something happen that changed that , something the west did ? 
  islam can be self-regulating . 
  religions are often self-regulating . 
  islam could have developed into something much better without western influence . 
  wahhabism was banned by the islamic ottoman turks . 
  isis would n't exist without the west 's meddling in the first place . 
  west propped up saddam and then the west threw him out . 
  west did not allow any of the old officers into the new iraq army . 
  those officers formed the core of isis . 
  baathists did that . 
  they were * nationalists * and pro-secular . 
  yet they formed isis . 
  does that look funny to you ? 
  radicals exist in all religions . 
  however if you destabilise countries you breed more radicalism and drive people to join radical groups that promise solutions as well as vengeance against those who allegedly ruined your livelihood . 
  do you think hitler would have succeeded if germany was well-off in the 1930s ? 
  *** nationalism pretends it is reasonable , but it is not . 
  again , look at yugoslavia . 
  such a modern , civilised and progressive nation . 
  lived in peace and harmony for so many decades . 
  look what happened . 
  there goes your reasonable nationalism . 
  happened in europe too . 
  oh , the smug europeans , how we thought such barbarism was behind us and only for those in the ` third world ' . 
  it 's like lessons of wwii forgotten . 
  no matter how educated and ` civilised ' the people are , you can introduce them to a drug called nationalism and have them willingly slaughter women and children in the millions . 
  all of the germans killing the jews , slavs , gays , etc were all willing . 
  look it up . 
  they were always permitted to request a change of duty that would almost always be honoured . 
  hitler forced no-one to kill . 
  he himself was very finicky , he could not stand the sight of killing or death either . 
  but he had no problems making orders . 
   i 'd take nationalism over what 's going on in the middle east anyday . 
  nationalism caused the deadliest wars in history : the twin world wars . 
  it also cause a lot of genocides , the one in your country included . 
  i do n't like islamism either and i 'm much more comfortable around a nationalist . 
  but i also try to think in an open-minded way , but considering facts before emotions . 
  emotionally i hate islamism . 
  rationally , nationalism has done far more evil to this world than islamism . 
  also , the great majority of what 's happening in the middle east is a result of western and soviet meddling as well as the arbitrary drawing of the borders after the western powers decided to split up spheres of influence without regard for the people who lived inside those borders . 
  compare that to european nationalism , which did all that it did without much external help . 
  ****  at least the idea `` we 're all syrians !, 
  long live syria ! '', 
  would stop people from mass murdering each other , in theory . 
  lol , good one , no , that 's not how nationalism works . 
  it divides people unless you have a very strong leader imposing a single pan-nationality to multinational people . 
  which does n't always work and can lead to severe backlash ( e.g. 
  what 's more likely is that kurds will have their nationalism and then the muslims may split up into two groups just as in the balkans nationalism was driven by religion , not just ethnicity . 
  nationalism is a matter of identity , not genetics . 
  orthodox bosniaks had no compunctions killing muslim bosniaks . 
  then the muslims will kill all the alawites and christians and fight with the kurds . 
  or if alawites were more powerful , they will kill the muslims . 
  that 's nationalism for you . 
  **** only a person who does n't read history likes nationalism . 
  your comment is an example of [ whig history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whig_history ) or the fallacy of the progressivism of history . 
  history does n't always move forward to some sort of a progressivist goal -- and sometimes when it does , it makes one step forward and two steps back . 
  do n't confuse history with technology . 
  you can advance technologically and then use that tech in tandem with your shitty social views to murder people even more efficiently . 
  look , i used to be like you , sorta . 
  then i studied history as my major in a us university . 
  what many things you learn when you actually learn , 
   video games are sexist i see you are focusing on the hard-hitting stuff , eh ? 
  to no-life videogamers gamergate is probably on the level of watergate importance judging by how much they talk about it . 
  also , are you implying video games do n't look extremely sexist to any observer on the outside ? 
  they 're sexist as fuck . 
  just because you can cite x and y as positive examples does n't invalidate a lot of the negative ones . 
  wow , you must have done a lot to help people , internet citizen , to criticise others who help from such a high horse . 
  ( your comment is basically reddit cocktail of cynical slacktivism in a nutshell , i see versions of it repeated on every single thread concerning anyone donating to anything ) . 
  by the way , for what it 's worth , there are some behavioural psychologists who argue that there is no such thing as ` true altruism ' because we only give to make ourselves feel better about ourselves ( selfishness ) rather out of ` pure goodwill ' . 
  make what you will of it . 
  i say giving is still better than not giving . 
  you do n't see every euro fc donating 1mil to refugees . 
  i hope you 're sarcastic , i have n't heard of organised anti-vaccer movements in ukraine . 
  lots of ` naturalistic bullshit ' movements , but then again , russia has plenty of those too . 
  it is n't their fault , the lack of education and comprehensive medical help . 
  i 've been to the carpathian regions of ukraine . 
  i was born in soviet chernovtsi , i know the area to the west .
