  even cheney said it would be reckless to march into baghdad back during the first gulf war , desert storm . 
  should have followed his own advice , but ahhh , the haliburton way was fatter . 
  **** compared to the bungled , blood-drowned mess without an end of afghanistan and iraq , putin was brilliant . 
  takeover of crimea was incredibly bloodless , efficient and ineffectively opposed by the west , which abrogated its responsibility to help ukraine just as much as russia abrogated its responsibility to guarantee ukrainian safety as per the budapest memorandum . 
  of course , it was a memorandum , hence legally non-binding , but it 's worth noting that us and russia had equal responsibility to protect and to abstain from trying to influence ukraine politically , economically or militarily . 
  it 's unsurprising that given the strategic status of ukraine , both nations never intended to stick to the memorandum . 
  where does it say that in your link ? 
  it gives a net positive growth and repeats the highest fertility in euope claim . 
  i 'm not really sure what else i should be looking for in that data . 
   to add to this , because of demographic trends , the number of military age men in russia is currently at the highest point that it will be for the foreseeable future that has n't been true for some time . 
  not only is the population increasing , but our fertility rate is the highest in europe and we do n't have to import northern african or middle eastern immigrants to achieve that . 
  annexation of crimea added 2.5 mil more to our population . 
  as for the choke points thing , i 'm not sure how much better of a chokepoint we can have that beats the one we have with georgia now . 
  that 's actually the best one in the whole of caucases imo . 
  putin pushes forward because it 's easier to bully weaker countries than it is to create a russian economy that is n't shit . 
  plato is still relevant here :  the tyrant ... is always stirring up some war or other , in order that the people may require a leader . 
   tremendous composer easy there trump . 
  yeah , i still find it bizarre how both merkel and putin speak extremely good russian and german , each one of them is fluent in those two languages . 
  no wonder putin was tagging along her in that gif where she rolls her eyes , she was the only one who could speak the two languages our dear leader speaks :p i mean , when you consider he was a kgb agent in east germany and she was active in the communist youth organisations it all makes sense , but still , funny coincidence . 
   no , most want the same things and even have the same beliefs just with a few minor tweaks . 
  ehhh , i dunno , people in general are less polite and meaner in public in russia . 
  the richer the country the nicer the people are from my experience , give or take . 
  people in the russian countryside or smaller towns will beat you up for being gay . 
  also true in ukraine , for now at least , it will likely improve there as western is fashionable right now there . 
  you 're essentialising too much . 
  people still want different things in different countries . 
  look at trump voters in the us . 
  they genuinely do n't want socialised healthcare for all . 
  it 's a fucking travesty that americans are making me feel better about my idiot countrymen , americans should n't be that dumb , they 're a superpower for christ 's sake !, 
   that 's not really what i 'm getting at ; i mean we 've been moving on from that in europe for the most part , uk , france , germany are n't oppressing others like perhaps in the past but there are a few hold-outs , russia being one of them . 
   to me it feels like russia fears the future because it 's unknown as so would rather try to drag others back to the 1800s ~ rather than trying to move forward . 
  you fail to analyse why russia is doing what it is . 
  it 's not necessarily about russia being backwards . 
  it 's the same reason why terrorists attack civilians instead of militaries -- russia is doing what it can with what it has . 
  our economy is not very strong at all . 
  we do n't have soft power that extends beyond our former soviet states , we do n't have ways to economically sanction other countries . 
  we can cut energy , but only to the weaker states , if we cut energy to the eu , eventually they will pick a more reliable supplier . 
  putin is an artist . 
  he draws on a geopolitical canvas with brushstrokes of power , using revolutionary techniques . 
  the fucker is an evil shit , but what he 's good at , he 's really good at . 
  he has managed to use asymmetric tools such as openly invading countries , denying it , getting away with it and using massive webs of cyberattacks and cyberwarfare to destabilise opponents that are 100x economically stronger , with very old continuous democratic institutions and with a big edge in military power too . 
  what did he need ? 
  a warm water port for russia when the future of the crimean lease was uncertain . 
  he got it . 
  what else did he want ? 
  to stop georgia from getting into nato . 
  he got it . 
  what else ? 
  destabilise ukraine to punish it for tearing up the russian customs treaty . 
  he got it . 
  he was also afraid of ukraine joining nato and that may also never happen unless ukraine gives up claim to donbass and crimea . 
  since ukrainians feel very strongly against giving those two up , he will have frozen conflicts with which to manipulate ukraine . 
  he got all this despite having a very small part of a military that 's actually well-trained and well-equipped and despite having no economy to speak of . 
   i feel like russia is actively trying to make things worse while we are slowly trying to find common ground . 
  your heart is definitely in the right place , you 're probably the most chill person i 've talked to on this sub and you want all the right things for people , but i kinda feel like you 're a bit too optimistic here . 
  nobody is looking for common ground unless it 's profitable . 
  people still want the most advantageous shit to themselves at the cost of exploiting poorer or less powerful nations . 
  almost any economist will confirm this . 
  eu happened because of the european coal and steel community . 
  free trade was beneficial . 
  stronger ties were profitable . 
  all was done in the name of the almighty dollar . 
  none of it was done for any higher moral reasons . 
  russia does what 's profitable for it , or more specifically , to putin and his circle first , russia second ( although at least he cares about russia in some way , i ca n't imagine trump ever passing an opportunity to make a measly million even if it fucks us in the ass ) . 
  same with eu . 
  it may seem like russia is making things worse while the west is not , and it is true on some level , but it is not the full truth , because of your perspective . 
  statistically almost nobody in the entire middle east has anything good to say about the us , because that 's the most important area for the us as of some recent years . 
  and you can bet us fucks those areas in the ass , along with rest of the west joining in . 
  you 're just lucky you do n't live in an area which the west finds profitable to invade , exploit and destabilise . 
  because make no mistake , there is no god in this world but the almighty dollar , and there is little mystery on the world stage , only trails of money everywhere . 
   we 're all pretty similar with only minor differences between us . 
  nah mate , that 's just wishy-washy thinking . 
  i mean , i 'm extremely pro-globalism and pro-eu as well as other transnational unions that are more than just trade or paper organisations , but it 's not true , we 're not quite all alike , not yet at least . 
  poland and russia might be right next to each other and despite our constant contact as well as similar origins as two slavic groups , poland is very different , i 've visited warsaw and krakov , they do n't feel at all ` native ' to me , it definitely feels like a foreign country . 
  not like the west or asian foreign , but still foreign enough . 
   have n't we had enough of killing in our own family ? 
  but here we are , russia keeps pushing this first in georgia and now in ukraine - and we both know it is n't going to stop there . 
  look at history and name me one nation that had greater power than its neighbours who did n't do this . 
  it 's the natural order . 
  i 'm hoping we can overcome our natural instincts , but as much progress i 've seen in overcoming our base nature , politics seems to be as primal as ever , it seems to be resistant to change , only the window dressing becomes more sophisticated , but at the root , the mechanics are very simple . 
  you can call it whatever you want , but an invasion is still an invasion , all nations with the power do it when they can get away with it and when they convince themselves they can profit from it . 
  borders of civilization ? 
  wtf is russia , mordor ? 
  that 's funny , having lived in both countries i swear to you , the people look the same , act the same , have the same culture and amusingly enough , even talk the same ( southern russia talks like ukrainians and majority of ukrainians spoke russian , although that 's slowly changing ) . 
  whenever my family moved , i never noticed the difference . 
  our post-soviet legacy left is very similar , not that ukraine and russia were ever very different historically , even during the roman times the sarmatians and scythians that inhabited russia & ukraine were very similar . 
  and before someone says i lived in a border town in ukraine , yeah , i did , it was chernivtsi , on the far western border in bukovina , a region that was austrian , polish and romanian throughout its history , that was n't russian until ussr basically . 
  that 's what russia of course wants , we keep using the kosovo precedent to fracture europe , to take crimea and to justify abkhazia , ossetia and dnr/lnr . 
  it 's a terrible thing , i only wish the best for the eu . 
  on the flipside , kosovo was bound to cause blowback , so here we are . 
  just wish it was n't blowback that would hurt the eu . 
  amusingly enough , nato and the us ( as well as eu for that matter ) lamely tried to declare kosovo ` sui generis ' , which is pretty hilarious since international law has precedent and nothing but precedent , since it relies on international example to maintain laws , rather than a punitive higher body of force , such as a national police force , which does n't need precedent , merely the authority to monopolise the application of force to pursue miscreants . 
  not only that , even hitler did n't wan na invade it -- and not because the swiss had such a corageous army as reddit jerks itself raw during its tils ... 
  ... but because the swiss were more valuable to him alive and free than enslaved . 
  they were laundering his dirty gold and doing their part in funding his death machine -- thank you swiss , my russian jewish soul is grateful for the relatives i lost thanks to the few extra pieces of silver you managed to squeeze out , prolonging the war against the greatest potent evil this planet has ever known !, 
  the swiss are no longer living in the europe of the thirty year 's war when a good pike phalanx supported by a few lads with guns could serve as a solid defensive force ( and even then gustavus adolphus proved the the pike phalanx 's obsolescence by then ) . 
  in any modern , mechanised war they would be turned to mincemeat in a matter of seconds . 
  if they 're such great economists , they should look up the doctrine of comparative efficiency . 
  they are good at making money . 
  make money and pay others to protect you , like , i dunno , nato which literally surrounds them on all sides and could easily take them over if it hypothetically turned ` evil ' ?
