  there are plenty of neo-nazi and neo-stalinist groups that choose to ignore the genocides to focus on the ` more positive sides ' of those leaders . 
  just because some groups do n't praise and instead deny/minimise stalinist/hitlerian genocide does n't make it any better . 
  christ , i hope that you are a ukrainian who never left ukraine , because outside of ukraine things are really different , upa is n't some funny romanticised part of the national epic . 
  i received my post-secondary history education in the us , believe me , upa is not a joke here . 
  that 's why ukrainians looks so bizarre when they try to defend upa , they do n't realise how bad it sounds to the rest . 
   stalin exterminated/deported entire nations as he ( possibly ) viewed those as a potential threat to stability of the system in place . 
  upa fought/exterminated those they viewed as a threat to independent ukrainian state ( poles and russians ) , and with a good reason to think so , see 1917-1920 . 
  how is this different ? 
  i do n't argue that it 's different -- what i said there was an afterthought , not my main argument , that 's why i spent quite a bit of time lambasting stalin . 
  i 'm perfectly capable of agreeing with you that it was n't different because i do n't frankly care about arguing precisely how evil stalin was , i 'm not a stalinist apologist . 
  but ya know what ? 
  * i knew you would seize that point when i wrote it * , even though i never put any value in that point and never hinged any of my arguments on it . 
  meanwhile you 're defending upa while i spent 90 % of my post badmouthing stalin and 10 % qualifier so that my post was n't so onesided . 
  your entire post is basically 10 % ( volyn massacre ) upa bad and 90 % ` upa ok , upa not so bad , x guys did this so it 's basically like upa ' . 
  the fact that you 're ukrainian is a massive bias too . 
  i was born and raised in chernivtsi , i speak ukrainian myself as well , but you do n't see me defending upa or stalin . 
  i condemn both using strongest words possible . 
  btw , upa was responsible for 40.000-80 .000 polish deaths in volyn and 20.000-40 .000 in galicia . 
  [ source from yale uni ] ( http://web.mit.edu/cis/www/migration/pubs/rrwp/9_resolve.html ) . 
  for such a small resistance movement involved in a struggle against such a powerful enemy as ussr , that 's a shitload of poles killed -- and i 'm not even counting jewish deaths , which numbered in tens of thousands ( but vary depending on how you credit those murders with all the nazi help or cooperation the ukrainian nationalists got ) upa lasted from 1943-1947 in more than a handful ( few thousand ) people . 
  four years of history , the rest was very small amount of activity that is n't really the same as upa proper . 
  the years 1943-1944 were the only two years when upa had real power to execute something as large as genocide . 
  you ca n't excuse the lack of genocides comitted by upa between 1945 and 1955 because upa was n't anything worth talking about during most of those years . 
  that 's like saying that ss guy was n't so bad because he stopped mass-murdering the jews after 1945 . 
  no shit , he went from the hunter to the hunted after 1945 , of course he had to scale down his activities . 
  can you elaborate what you said ? 
  i 'm a little confused as to what you 're trying to say ? 
  i got the first and last part but not the middle  _ < i do n't like people who show the soviet flags as rallies because i do n't know if they 're stalinists or just people who stand for the post-stalinist ussr ( and even then , why would you want another brezhnev ?? ) . 
  it 's really hard to say what that bloke waving the soviet flag means by it , so i 'd rather not have people flying them . 
  **** wait , i think i got it -- correct me if i am wrong . 
  are you trying to say that upa red and black flag is ok if we take out the genocide it committed because i said that ussr may be ok if we take stalin out ? 
  because i do n't think that 's a very good comparison . 
  upa was short-lived , genocide of poles and jews was something that it did throughout pretty much its entire existence , without ever renouncing it . 
  ussr lasted for a good while more and the leaders renounced stalin ( not to mention lenin even specifically warned against stalin seizing power ) . 
  ussr did a lot of good too , it 's just that the evil of stalin is hard to wipe away . 
  upa was a resistance movement , it did n't have much to it really . 
  ussr was a decent concept on the surface but its faults became apparent when a brutal dictator like stalin was able to seize power and kill millions . 
  that 's an inherent flaw in the system that 's not just stalin 's fault because i do not believe us or eu are just as dictator-prone as ussr was . 
  saying that upa without genocides is like ussr without stalin is misleading . 
  imo the equivalent of those who say celebrating upa was still ok if you discount the genocide because it was a resistance movement is like saying that celebrating stalin is ok if you discount the genocide because it was a nazi resistance leader/great industrialiser . 
  both upa and stalin should be buried in the dungheaps of history , both to be seen equally as the most vile parts of our history ( and mind you , upa ranks even higher on my hate list because they killed people on a mass scale simply for their genetic links , not like stalin or mao who primarily killed those whom their paranoid minds saw as potential counter-revolutionaries ) . 
  problem is , the red and black colours represent a political force that engaged in genocide of the jews and poles . 
  i 'd rather not have the antiwar movement marred by the sordid bandera chapter of the ukrainian history . 
  flags carry lot of meanings even if they 're not linked to some particularly tainted part of history . 
  st. andrew 's cross in england or the black , gold and white romanov colours in russia are n't particularly offensive on their own , imo , but both have gained association with racist and xenophobic movements as of late , which is why despite the relatively normal historical connotations of either flag , i am wary of seeing any rallies that have them . 
  the proper ukrainian flag should be the ukrainian flag . 
  i do n't want to see soviet flags or russian imperial flags in a russian demonstration , that 's not a good sign ( soviet flag is a mixed thing , sometimes you 'll see it used in good intentions and sans stalin it was n't the craziest country , but there are still issues with using the flag ) . 
  neither are the red and black banderite flags . 
  and if you 're a ukrainian who does n't understand the flag you 're flying and using your ignorance as an excuse for flying a despicable flag , then that 's double the shame on you . 
  once for flying a symbol of a very objectionable movement and twice for being ignorant of your country 's history . 
  pfft , drawdistance sucks , in skyrim i can see windhelm from markarth , tamriel  yurop . 
   pledge 500 euros or more : trip to maidan square . 
  jesus , why not a vacation in crimea ? 
  ohhh , right . 
  odessa is nice , i 've vacationed there many times , the beaches are n't anything special compare to mediterranean , but for black sea it 's nice . 
  crimea has rocky beaches anyway , not a fan of those . 
  it 's carrot and stick to play the devil 's advocate . 
  if russia backs down and stabilises the situation , the shipment will go ahead . 
  france supplies arms to a lot of nations engaged in even more questionable stuff , it 's not going to risk its reputation as an arms dealer . 
  no such thing as a moral arms dealer , or at least a profitable moral arms dealer . 
  but more realistically , france just does n't want to lose the money , yeah . 
  europe only pushes through sanctions that do not hurt europe . 
  cutting gas and oil as well as other natural resource shipments are real sanctions . 
  but europe wo n't do it because who wants to hurt their economy and lose their election just to help ukraine ? 
  well , ok , the armchair generals on this sub , but let 's be realistic . 
  we 're talking about politicians . 
  if they took decisive action they would do a great international good and save ukraine , but they wo n't do that because geopolitics is all about your own interests , and no politician will do anything out of the goodness of their heart for ukraine . 
  probably tears of joy , no sarcasm . 
  they met when he saved her during an artillery bombardment and dragged her into a shelter over the fire . 
  she was working on building barricades when this happened . 
  i know most people on this sub think that it 's just russians attacking ukrainians in donetsk ( and it 's true , there is a shitload of russians illegally fighting against ukraine , supported by putin ) but that 's not to say that plenty amongst the local populace either support the rebels or oppose the ua . 
  i 'm sorry , first off , what television does n't dehumanise enemies ? 
  second of all , nonsense and bullshit human interest stories being favoured over substantive journalism are favoured everywhere . 
  thirdly , ukrainian news is absurd ( not to the russian extreme ) but still absurd and often euphorically jingoistic to the point where it does n't feel i am reading news but rather some sort of a propaganda effort . 
  it does depend though , lately i 've seen some critical kiyvpost articles . 
  lastly , separatists are n't terrorists , i am tired of hearing that . 
  they just released all 220 prisoners they captured in the ilovaisk encirclement back to kiev , as they have done with almost every prisoner . 
  they do this even though it 's pretty much granted that the ukrainian army is n't going to just let any separatists go if it captures them . 
  of course , ukrainian army has a good reason for keeping separatists locked up -- treason is no joke -- but my point is that the separatists are doing things that they frankly do n't have to , despite this sub claiming that they 're all bloodthirsty savages who torture and kill all their prisoners . 
  torturing prisoners is common in the ukrainian army too , it 's war out there . 
  most prisoners avoid such a fate , but not always . 
  look , do n't take me for some vatnik , i deeply regret all of this and the russian involvement . 
  i lived in chernivtsi for ten years , i speak fluent ukrainian . 
  but this conflict ... 
  it has n't just zombified russians . 
  i ca n't talk to anyone back home who keeps up with this stuff anymore . 
  between russian vatniks and ukrainian ukrops i am sick of hearing the bullshit that both sides spew , they 're equally disgusting and over the top . 
  you 're probably ok , i have six upvotes by your name so you 're sensible , but most people are n't anymore . 
  yes , i am . 
  european sanctions are a long list of bullshit , everyone knows what will hurt russia the most and yet they 're not being implemented ( so far , at least ) . 
  mistrals were a contract agreed upon a long time ago . 
  france supplied and supplies a lot of morally questionable source , such is the life of an arms dealer . 
  there is no point in cancelling that contract unless us is willing to buy them ( some said they were , but us congress did not agree to do so ) . 
  not giving mistrals to russia wo n't change anything . 
  a real change would be to stop buying natural resources from russia , one by one until gas goes last . 
  of course , since such sanctions will actually hurt the eu instead of just pissing off russia , the eu does n't have the balls for them ( yet ) . 
  though let 's be honest , if you were the head of the gov ' t in france/germany , why would you agree to a sanction that possibly sends you back into a double-dip recession , causes deaths in your country and gets your own gov ' t voted out ? 
  eu countries feel safe behind nato and putin wo n't touch nato , so while ukraine is regrettable , nobody feels like making true sacrifices to save it . 
   because people are afraid and looking for culprits . 
  that would be easier to say about some random guy on the street , but you realise that you 're claiming greater expertise here than semchenko , one of the key players in the ukrainian resistance to russian occupation and russian-funded rebels ?
