  i suppose you may object to paying to keep them locked up , but are you really gon na try to deport a terrorist and let them go free ? 
  this law is redundant and only serves to give the government more power that can easily be later redirected at the non-terrorist populace . 
  compared to most things reddit and this sub complains about , this is pretty huge . 
  today they promise it will only be used to strip citizenship of actual isis members/supporters . 
  tomorrow they 'll use it more broadly . 
  it 's not like governments never said they would only do something very narrowly ( e.g. 
  surveillance ) but then it turned out they were doing it very broadly and usually with little regard to due process of obtaining a warrant . 
  curious , why is korwin the ` party of memes ' ? 
  i looked them up on wiki , they seem like loony ron paul type guys , but what makes them meme-worthy ? 
  your logic can be applied to russia just as well . 
  uk has cozy relationship with saudi arabia , which is a country that literally executes and tortures people for witchcraft or a woman being alone with a male cousin unsupervised . 
  a country that spreads terrorism with its fundamentalist twisted version of islam . 
  a country that supported isis , taliban and al qaeda whilst opposing the closest thing the muslim middle east has to a fair democracy -- iran . 
  does that mean uk should n't sanction putin because what he does is magnitudes less bad than saudi arabia ?? 
  and what about those free and fair elections ? 
  sliding into autocracy is n't like in a movie with an evil guy cackling as he literally stuffs the ballots . 
  putin has two seemingly healthy ` opposition ' parties and technically you can say anything you want in press ( there are still many independent internet news sources , all the western sources are easily available and one or two paper newspapers such as novaya gazeta most famously ) . 
  putin has enough popularity to get instantly re-elected . 
  he gamed the system until he does n't even need to fear people that much . 
  people can be manipulated . 
  you can have technically free and fair elections but you can marginalise the opposition and opposition sources until you do n't have to worry about them too much . 
  people will be free to choose anyone , but they probably wo n't hear much about opposition . 
  autocracy and autocratic leaders are n't as simple as ` good guy ' or ` bad guy ' . 
  trying to change the constitution to allow you to get away with fucky autocratic shit should rightfully raise red flags . 
  yep , same story with russians . 
  many expats who left russia in the 90s now love putin more than actual russians . 
  hyper-nationalism , yup . 
  yep , we had a survey of all the members , i voted as well . 
  people chose to allow rutracker admin to self-block it in russia rather than removing all the offending copyrighted material and being allowed to operate in russia ( although the caveat here was that we were n't sure how far the ` offending material ' would stretch ) . 
  yes , with emphasis on the use of weapons usually ( for the benefit of other redditors here ) . 
  it is not theft or burglary . 
  razboiniki are people who have weapons ( armed bandits ) and hold you up or plain kill you . 
  you can really see how that came to mean war , heh . 
   insofar as the proposal is clear admission of insecurity , in strategic sense , and the implication therein that should the interested parties fail to agree to a ` non-aggression ' pact that the country originally pursuant to said pact would thusly consider you a combatant you just described word for word the reasoning of a non-aggression pact though . 
  if you 're aware that it is a non-aggression pact then having the definition of it repeated back to you kinda loses part of its charm . 
  it 's only funny if you do n't understand how a non-aggression pact works . 
  like 95 % of / r/europe who cites the molotov-ribbentrop pact as ` proofs ' that ussr was allied to nazis . 
  when anyone with a single course in history or geopolitics will know that a non-aggression pact is a treaty * specifically made to be sign with someone who is hostile * , to prevent them from invading you as a sneak attack . 
   this idea is antithetically to western sensibilities . 
  as to suggest countries need an agreement not to violate the sovereignty or self-determination of another . 
  lol , are you being sarcastic or are you just a child born after 2005 ? 
  that sounded so conceited and yet so absurd . 
  western countries violate sovereignty and self-determination of foreign nations 3x more than ussr and russia ever did , i can draw up a brief list of all of the nato member state fuckery with all sorts of nations . 
  i do n't like putin but just because i do n't support his actions does n't mean i support idiotic westerners . 
  westerners are always acting so self-righteous on / r/europe as if their shit does n't stink and blame russia for all the world 's evils because of x thing we did y amount of years ago when there is just as much blood on your hands . 
  and then you pretend you 're somehow the ` good guys ' when you 're not different from us . 
  you 're just smoother with your propaganda . 
  now , i do side with the west still , but that 's only because i do n't like the conservative nationalism that putin preaches . 
  i 'm more of a democratic liberal , socially progressive and supportive of trans-national federalism the likes of eu . 
  in short , i have ideological disagreement with putin . 
  i do n't think his methods are particularly loathsome though ( * on a realpolitik relative scale * ) , the total destruction and loss of life from his adventures in georgia and ukraine pale in the face of the mass destruction and destabiliation of iraq . 
  i know everyone makes fun of that rome total war diplomatic offer thing , but it 's kinda funny that most people are too dense to understand that 's a non-aggression pact offer . 
  a guarantee that you do n't attack -- or else the nation will be forced to consider you as an aggressor . 
   bribes seem so out of place for border crossing how so ? 
  it 's the best time . 
  they are absolutely permitted to make your crossing long and painful . 
  they 're border guards . 
  they 'll give you a look over . 
  if you look like you 're important and in a fancy car and god forbid with western stamps in your passport , you may get searched and they may give you a hard time about documents . 
  i 'm not sure what happens if you 're western though . 
  westerners are clueless or wary of bribes , so it is harder to squeeze them . 
  all in all , you get the worst treatment in moldova and ukraine from my experience . 
  they 're the most corrupt and poorest countries in eastern europe . 
  the two go hand in hand . 
  corruption does n't mean the people are bad . 
  it just means they need to put food on the table , since the gov ' t does n't pay them enough and practically expects ` tips ' . 
  russia was incredibly bad too , but russian incomes went up a bit and rules tightened a little . 
  they wo n't try to fish a bribe out of a westerner from what i hear , though if they smell you may be trying to pass some goods through as a russian ( even if they are legal ) they 'll squeeze you . 
  in any case , it 's much better these days . 
  eh , people are lawless and violent ... 
  i mean , that is to say , they 're more lawless than us for certain . 
  not sure if they 're more violent . 
  hard to say . 
  your gun culture is crazy , we have none of that in russia . 
  are our people violent ? 
  again , hard to say . 
  too many different factors . 
  thing about it is , the richer the country , the nicer the people ( as a broad rule ) . 
  rich life means easy life and that means softer people . 
  hard life breeds hard people . 
  people are getting better as the incomes go up . 
  though frankly speaking people were the best during ussr . 
  do n't let / r/europe make you think ussr was mordor . 
  it may have been bad for them , sure , but by our standards it was the best time ( societally speaking , not so much in other ways ) . 
  we never had it as good as we did after stalin croaked . 
  i 'm just hoping that ussr was a stepping stone in our development , not our zenith ... who knows . 
  russia and moldova both have a homicide rate of 9 per 100,000 people . 
  they 're about the same in safety . 
  transnistria is actually safer probably , although official stats are hard to get . 
  or maybe not . 
  but i hear a lot of crime happening in moldova , not much in transnistria . 
  not that i have anyone who lives there . 
  i have most of my family in moldova , i guess i 'm biased . 
  moldova and ukraine have competing mafia groups . 
  so does russia , but in russia the mafia goes all the way up to the government and the ruling party , so the real mafia are actually government backed to a certain extent . 
  that limits what they can do . 
  in the 90s we had hired assassins shooting people as a way to stop business mergers . 
  now putin keeps the crime limited to those in his group , and he keeps the crime quieter . 
  you 're safer in russia , but / u/zurfer75 has a bit of a way of exaggerating russia being mordor and all ... do n't get me wrong , i see why he does it , the future is bleak as shit . 
  but for now there is relative stability while putin holds his grip on power .
