  i do this because oddly enough i find myself encountering the exact same users along the different subs . 
  what do you mean ` how sweet ' ? 
  does being a gay atheist russian automatically disqualify me from calling others out ? 
  fyi , i do not tend defend russians because i do n't get very defensive when people call out russian . 
  we 've done some shit . 
  but it 's amazing how you seem to ( correct me if i am wrong ) quickly assume that russians are scum , hence the ` sweet ' exclamation . 
  the tag reminded me that you were that romanian guy living in sweden . 
  good chap , but a tad xenophobic . 
  maybe more than a tad . 
  in any case , i did n't mind you because you were alright . 
  but here i see you making this post that struck me as utterly hypocritical , so i felt i was obligated to point that out . 
  i was n't calling you out on the gypsies , mate  do n't worry about rebutting that because i made no such accusation . 
  i do find it amusing that you got defensive about an accusation i did not make , however . 
  i 'm just talking about your highly negative posts about certain immigrants to eurozone that you made in the past whilst being very defensive of romanians who immigrate to the eurozone areas . 
  what i am trying to suggest is that your intimate and personal knowledge of romanians allows you to make a balanced judgement on the romanians . 
  while the other euros lack the detailed knowledge of romanians so they paint them in broad brushstrokes of negative . 
  just as you paint other ethnicities negatively . 
  i do n't spend time obsessively stalking people , mate . 
  :p i 've encountered you more than once or twice making what i considered to be rather xenophobic arguments , so i tagged you . 
  i 'm not saying you 're dirty filthy xenophobe , but i am saying that you have in the past made arguments that you now accuse euros of making against romanians and bulgarians . 
  i do n't call people out on being xenophobes because sometimes i can understand where they are coming from , even if their fundamental approach is incorrect . 
  i would not have called you out if you did not post what i took as hypocritical . 
  i 'm not srs . 
  that 's funny man , because i have you res tagged as ` xenophobic redditor ' because you have on a number of occasions sparred with me as well as many others and demonstrated rather unabashed xenophobia . 
  shoe hurts when it 's on your foot , eh mate ? 
  hypocrisy like this turns my stomach . 
  of course you 're going to say ` but that was x people and we romanians are better than the x people ' . 
  you are romanian and you see romanians in a balanced light . 
  i see them in a balanced light too . 
  i am russian expat who lives in us but has lived in several other euro countries as well . 
  the funny thing is that while you are offended that romanians are generalised and reviled , you did the same game of generalising and throwing dirt on ethnicities you did n't like . 
  you know romanians because you are one whereas you do n't know some of the other ethnicities you had no problems trashing . 
  sound familiar ? 
  people who do n't know romanians will trash them just as easily as you will trash them , but when you have deep personal experience with one ethnicity you rush to their defence . 
  also , you live in sweden where you may or may not have received discrimination for being romanian , which of course makes you pro-romanian . 
  that 's fine , because i like romanians as well . 
  it 's just that i do n't like how you have n't learned a lesson about being nice to everyone , so you do n't have problems emulating the euros who discriminate against romanians by discriminating against everyone whom you perceive to be on a ` lower ' rung of cultures than the romanians . 
  **** i 'm a part of the lgbt community as well , on top of being russian and atheist , so i tend to watch in bleak mirth as gays discriminate against bisexuals and against trans . 
  makes me sigh and shake my head . 
  or how i read that ` crippled ' people at times discriminate against those who received the disabling injury as an accident , rather the congenital way . 
  i can go on and on how people perceived to be in ` persecuted ' groups will readily turn on anyone likewise persecuted or even a social rank ` below ' them . 
  **** it 's funny how humans work . 
  they will complain about being shat on and then in a blink of an eye will shit on anyone below them . 
  it 's injustice , but i agree , this is overblowing it . 
  people in croatia will know their own stuff no matter if they switch a syllable to comply and the people outside of croatia probably have never heard of this wine would n't know that it 's not being called its proper name anyway . 
  i still think it 's unfair for croatia , but let 's not turn this into a massive ` eu regulations suck elephant balls ' cirlejerk . 
  what , you mean like * the economist * ? 
  i 'd wager that 's the most sensible publication in all of europe quite honestly ... 
  do n't need to . 
  crazy shite like this does not need to be ` debunked ' . 
  basically , we just sit tight and wait if any mainstream publications weigh in on this . 
  for instance , if * the economist * or bbc will confirm this , you know it 's likely true . 
  well , in all fairness , putin is a fella i 'd stay away from and russia is n't exactly a shining beacon of an open liberal democracy ... 
  ... which does n't mean that i do n't think westerners can be hypocritical , but still ... my biggest annoyance is that the us loses its shit whenever russia does a few things around its borders when the us literally has russia encircled with bases in all the countries around its borders and russia just has to sit there and take that ( which is ok because us is strong and we are not , but at least do n't pretend like your shit does n't stink ... ) . 
  or the total number of us military bases around the world . 
  what happened to allocating spheres of influence ? 
  of course it 's different . 
  that was us , but these are ruskies were are talking about !, 
  hence why i called it a ` bollocks discussion ' . 
  that being said , i did note that very poor countries can be on average less ` pretty ' than slightly wealthier ones . 
  makeup , clothing and personal care in general do improve appearance and are expensive . 
  even poor countries ( such as moldova , where i lived for several summers ) can be ` pretty ' but they do suffer from the fact that they are not spending a lot on beauty products . 
  i am tired of males stating they like ` natural ' beauty when in fact they simply like females with a slightly different style of makeup ( e.g. 
  ` lighter ' makeup ), 
  well , i am not going to say which women are the most beautiful since it 's a bollocks discussion anyway , with absolutely no statistical facts supporting anything ( lots of subjectivity of course , small sample sizes , yes ) but ` albanians ' are not the first thing you think of when you hear ` beautiful women ' . 
  in fact , i hear ` beautiful serb women ' more . 
  of course , that only speaks for the fact that serbs are more numerous . 
  i 've also heard some serbs say that bosniak women are beautiful , or croatian ones ... 
  i do n't know and do n't care much , but the albanian people are not usually mentioned . 
  small , destitute countries do not rate highly on ` most beautiful women ' threads . 
  ` wife material ' is a highly loaded term because one often hears it from the western bigots who ca n't put up with feminism and want a woman who does n't value it . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  i am sick of reddit 's misogyny . 
  i myself like slavic women because certain slavic facial traits i consider to be highly attractive . 
  i do not however like slavic men . 
  in fact , i really like german men . 
  :p or any western men . 
  i know there are some who like russian twinks , but ugh , not me . 
  stereotypical slavic features are perfect on a woman and horrific on a man . 
  hmmm ... should i tell this i tell this guy what powerful nations usually do or should i leave him be ? 
  albanian women are beautiful ?? 
  what have you been smoking , my deutsch-droog ? 
  countryfolk i suppose . 
  zuganov and zhirinovsky you 'd think would be known by everyone . 
  i mean , who has n't heard of them ? 
  bumpkins living in the village of prostakvashino ? 
  i would n't be surprised zuganov is more trusted , he 's playing the good soviet man , pensioners and older folk love him . 
  nemtsov is n't part of the `` loyal opposition '' . 
  zuganov and zhirinovski are putin 's loyal opposition , almost * too * loyal . 
  nemtsov is a western traitor . 
  wtf did i walk into , / r/europe being level-headed about putin ? 
  anyway , i do appreciate your reasonable attitude , but putin kinda brought it to this point . 
  there were a lot of other reasonable alternatives at the start , but he slowly marginalised , bankrupted , drowned in litigation , exiled or possibly even murdered ( though unlikely ) his opponents one by one . 
  he made all of this . 
  yeah , sure , now it 's `` who else but putin ? '' . 
  that was his plan all along . 
  everyone knows about him , well , at least i guess in my circles . 
  anyone old enough to remember the 90s , which really is n't saying much , so maybe the young internet-going putin trolls do n't know him , but just about anyone over the age of 25 does . 
  so ... a large portion of redditors then ? 
  i 've seen this first hand , some westerners think that many russian women will spread their legs for a run of a mill neckbeard with a bit of cash .
