  after ? 
  shit ... putin is a fucker , but he 's a smart fucker who stacked the house of cards so that they 'll fall apart if anyone pulls him from under the cards . 
  it 's a dead man 's switch . 
  yeah , i know it was a joke heh , but the thing is , transnistria is n't that bad really . 
  they give you shit at the border but i 've had to pay bribes before at the ukrainian border too , there is nothing strange in that . 
  if you pay a bribe they make it faster . 
  it 's a convenience charge . 
  my parents are from moldova , i visit a lot . 
  i was a ukrainian citizen , i used to make the crossing often enough in the 90s and early 2000s . 
  i assume stuff got better because back then you could bribe them with pocket change . 
  nah , it ai n't too bad , i went over there with one ami , one ukr , one ruskie and one moldovan . 
  we did n't pay anything actually but those shits detained us for an hour or so checking bullshit documents . 
  actually , i can give a very good one , i was just reading it yesterday on / r/historyporn . 
  [ post in question . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/3xysuw/croatian_fighter_croatian_war_of_independence_ca/ ) `` bozhe '' is an older russian word for ` god , we 'd say ` bog ' right now usually , although if it is something pertaining to god it would be called ` bozhestvinnoye ' , or ` godly ' . 
  `` ako umrem '' is easy to understand , we 'd say `` esli umrem '' but `` ako '' is archaic russian and i can understand it because all russians have encountered it in various places , usually church liturgy . 
  interestingly enough , ukrainians would say `` zginem '' , which is polish ( but i 've seen this word in other slavic languages , serbian as well iirc ) . 
  `` zginem '' or `` zginut '' is also archaic russian , we understand it because it is used literarily . 
  `` mlad '' is very simple , we say `` molodoi '' but we use the root ` mlad ' to mean ` younger ' . 
  so mlad-shiy brat means ` younger brother ' . 
  `` mlad '' also happens to be archaic russian for ` young ' and used literarily too . 
  ` posilai menia u/v raj ' is exactly how a ukrainian or russian would say ` send me to heaven ' . 
  `` u '' is ukrainian , `` v '' is russian . 
  `` peklo '' is how ukrainians say hell . 
  also archaic/literary russian . 
  and instead of `` blo '' we 'd say `` bil '' . 
  in short , there is n't a single word that is n't almost identical in either russian or ukrainian . 
  not at all . 
  i do n't consider russian an easy language to learn . 
  although to be fair , i 've always considered it one of the easiest languages to read . 
  we do n't have the odd mix of latin and anglo saxon that english does . 
  so everyone generally knows every single word . 
  we do n't have ` big words ' like english does . 
  what separates ` old masterpiece ' literature from regular novels is how the wordplay works and all that , but not the actual words used . 
  this is why i read authors like fenimore cooper and jules verne when i was 6-12 and enjoyed them greatly ( in russian ) , but then when i tried to read them in english when i was 16-18 i simply could not because back then my english was n't as good . 
  the english language is very serpentine in its vocabulary , there are so many ways to say the same thing . 
  it is both wonderful and at the same time incredibly elitist , almost like the old pre-phonetic pre-phoenician alphabets that took years to learn and only the elite priestly class could use . 
  overall though i really like english , it 's the best language in the world in my opinion and i would very much like the entire world to speak it . 
  there are so many ways to express yourself . 
  still a very elitist language though . 
  which is great if you are a voracious reader like me and can pick up a lot of words . 
  but it sucks if you were born into poverty and did n't get the same education or opportunities . 
  yeah , conversational is hard for me with balkan languages , but speaking slowly and especially writing it down really makes it easy to have a conventional conversation about everyday stuff . 
  russian is n't that similar to serbian really . 
  but ukrainian is . 
  ukrainian sounds like archaic russian with a softer , more poetic accent . 
  many ukrainian words tend to be the same as serbo-croatian . 
  ukrainian however shares a massive amount of vocabulary with russian , to the point where a russian speaker who lives in ukraine will very quickly learn it ( as it was in my case ) . 
  pfft , silly you , you 'd think by your name you 're from eastern europe , but you do n't seem to understand our ways ;p you simply did not speak their language -- us dollars ( or sometime euros ) . 
  if you gave them like $ 50 usd they would have let you pass . 
  or $ 100 if your passport showed a richer country . 
  for some countries they 'll even do it for $ 20 , but not anything in the eu area of course . 
  sorry , should have clarified -- the simple stuff looks legible . 
  once you get into more complex writing that is above a conversational level then yes , it becomes difficult . 
  also , czech is the hardest for me . 
  polish , serbo-croatian and bulgarian are the easiest for me . 
  i 've been to poland several times and even without using english it was easy enough to understand and get the locals to understand when i used ukrainian . 
  probably not for the spoken language , bulgarian after all has asiatic roots in addition to slavic ones -- bulgars are not indo-european even . 
  however , they had no alphabet so they adopter our slavic one . 
  the written language seems near identical though . 
  if you speak ukrainian and russian as i do , almost every written slavic language looks understandable . 
  your username is n't from a certain famous jules verne book , is it ? 
   ` deti capitana granta ' -- ` children of the captain grant ' was one of the most popular soviet children 's books , and my favourite too :d, 
   taken over by the new left . 
  currently obsessed with gender , inclusion , anti-racism , and sunshine stories about immigration . 
  awww , poor you , it must really trigger your gentle soul ; _ ; come to russia , where you can have all the far-right tv and society to your heart 's content !, 
  what 's that ? 
  you do n't want to ? 
  hmm , i guess the left-wing in your country must have made your life better or something ... 
  i 'm sure what they did in the past was just as controversial as the stuff today . 
  **** mind you , i 'm not exactly in favour of mass immigration , but i ca n't help but act sarcastic when euros bitch and whine about their terrible , terrible liberal societies . 
  i have that whenever i read serbo-croatian and polish too . 
  hell , even czech . 
  macedonian and bulgarian is even easier , to the point where sometimes i ca n't tell the difference between bulgarian and old russian . 
  our written languages are amazingly similar . 
  i speak ukrainian too , which really helps because most of the non-russian slavic languages have a lot of archaic words just like ukrainian . 
  including polish too . 
  russian just kinda stands out on its own , apart from other slavic languages . 
  ah , an excellent point , i totally forgot about that . 
  yeah , that 's definitely why . 
  after all , you could n't emigrate to the west during the soviet days ... not without a complicated defection . 
  it was a soviet * popularisation * . 
  before that we were very devout christians and believed in st nicholas . 
  some still do . 
  however , ussr did not like the saints for obvious reasons . 
  ded moroz ( grandfather frost ) was present in some of our slavic myths , especially his helper , snegurochka ( truly a wonderful tradition in modern days , just dress your girl up with a short-skirt skimpy snegurochka outfit and celebrate the holidays like pagans did with fertility rituals ... ) honestly , the secularisation of russia was one of the best things ussr achieved . 
  russia was unbelievably mediaeval before the soviets came . 
  90 % illiteracy , countryside more superstitious than a dark age peasant , not much more educated either . 
  russia was more backwards than the poorest places in india and africa today . 
  now , that 's not to say things are rosy in russia today , ahem , but at the very least when we 're idiots we 're idiots for basic human reasons usually . 
  if you want to see what religious idiocy looks like ... well , you can go to certain middle eastern countries to find out . 
  `` you fucked in the mouth advice ( ? ), 
  from katsapa '' ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being funny or salty , but your language has been a little behind times ever since the mongols invaded , so i need a little bit of help transcribing it , 
  are you sure that skews the stats enough ? 
  because there is quite a drop in the estonian native population according to the wiki article on demographics . 
  dunno , ask bandera , maybe he has an answer ... you guys have a lot more experience genociding jews , you should n't have to ask others , 
  yeah , but the funny and sad thing is that the native estonian population was actually growing during the ussr according to the soviet censuses . 
  now the russians in estonia are outbreeding estonians even though there is no discrimination against estonians anymore . 
  it 's just that you guys need to fuck more ,
