  do you honestly think the rebels cared or realised that ? 
  they tracked a large plane flying over donetsk , the rebels get bombed by planes and the ukrainian army uses planes to shuttle their troops/materiel/supplies . 
  are you suggesting the rebels shot down a civilian passenger plane on purpose ? 
  they 're poorly trained , bloodthirsty and bitter holed up separatists , they 're not army men who know the difference . 
  [ when us navy missile cruiser can mistake an a300 for an f-14 , the mistaking of a b-777 for an an-26 by insurgents really seems quite minor . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) people make mistakes . 
  that 's why you should err on the side of caution and not fly over a warzone where the rebels have anti-air missiles . 
  my apologies , the link i saw showed that their flight plan straddled the ukraine-russia border , not flying right over donetsk . 
  i mean , who would have thought they would fly over donetsk when a su-26 was just shot down yesterday , along with two cargo and one more jet fighter planes ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand your second statement though , can you elaborate ? 
  why would n't the airspace be closed or at least advised against flying over if the rebels have manpads and now large truck-based sams ? 
   i meant who concept of giving untrained rebels weapons like this . 
  what 's next ? 
  give them few nukes and see how it goes ? 
  well yeah , that 's fucking retarded . 
  that 's why russia is also at fault here , assuming they gave those sams ( which they probably did ) . 
  of course , at the same time the ukrainian army jets bomb civilians , so i do n't necessarily blame the rebels . 
  they were defending their homes . 
  and the people certainly did cheer when they saw that plane crash , as shown on videos on yt . 
  nobody likes to be bombed . 
  that 's before of course they knew it was a civilian passenger jet . 
  that 's because they thought the rebels only had manpads ... 
  however , they now seem to have materialised with a few truck or ground mounted full-blown sam arrays . 
  do n't know where they got that goddamn shit , but suspicion is pointing towards russia considering that they have n't used them before , so it could n't have been something they got a while ago from the army storehouses probably . 
  even if the airspace was closed under 7-8kms , several fighter and cargo aeroplanes were shot down in that area in the past two weeks and the last jet just got shot down yesterday . 
  really stupid to fly over there now , especially when the original plan hugged the border of ukraine and russia instead of flying directly over donetsk as they did . 
   with all the wars in middle east there has never been an event like this . 
  [ you must be young . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) it 's far from the only one . 
  but this one was shot down not by stupid rebel fucks who ca n't tell an-26 from a b-777 , but by trained us navy personnel who thought the a300 was an f-14 , which is a mistake so stupid that my brain hurts from even reading the explanation . 
  mind you , the us never even apologised for it . 
  rebels are stupid , but that 's hardly news . 
  they 're not trained army men mostly . 
  if the well-trained us navy an mistake an a300 for an f-14 with their sophisticated radar aboard a massive cruiser , then i think it is very easy to understand how rebels in ukraine would make a similar mistake , except that the flight they mistook was off course and the passenger airplane was confused for transport airplane , which is n't as bad as confusing a passenger airplane for a fighter jet . 
  especially when the us warship could have easily tried to communicate with the a300 . 
   who could have predicted that both russian military and its pawns will prove that stupid ? 
  again , read the explanation i made . 
  i challenge you to go on a crude radar tracker and tell the difference . 
  you would n't be able to do it on a sophisticated one either . 
  it 's not simple . 
  mistakes happen , everyone makes them . 
  the real mistake was deviating off course and flying right over donetsk , as the malaysian flight did . 
  well , that and also supplying the rebels . 
  however , everyone supplies rebels around the world . 
  civilian airliners are expected to stay on course however , especially when they 're flight right by a known militarised hotzone where several jets were just shot down a few days earlier . 
  it was 10km above , i challenge you to tell the difference . 
  they do n't have bad eyes . 
  they simply have bad radar tracking personnel , which is n't surprising given that most are civilian volunteers or former army men with little advanced experience with the weapons they use . 
  a skilled radar operator would have noticed something off . 
  however , if you 've ever seen a radar installation , you 'd know how hard it is to tell with an untrained eye what those blips mean . 
  they did n't though , they flew west of their original flight plan , which would have originally put them right on the russian border with ukraine , not directly over donetsk as when they were shot down . 
  well shit , why would anyone fly over donetsk then , even if it is permitted ? 
  the rebel twitter just said they downed a an-26 , those little shits thought the b-777 was an an-26 and they shot it . 
  strelkov did n't personally order this probably , it was likely more of a ` holy shit plane , fire on it ' spur of a moment thing . 
  even if he did order it , i 'm sure he did n't cackle maniacally and press the button to kill 200 + civilians , it was assumed this was another ukrainian army cargo plane . 
  this was a mistake brought upon to us by the fact that russians are arming dangerous rebels -- but also by the sheer stupidity of the malaysian pilots of flying directly over the heart of a warzone , right over closed airspace and deviating from their original stated course when they really should have been deviating on the russian side of the border , where there is no conflict , or on the ukraine west of dnieper , again safe from the conflict . 
  jesus christ , who thought it was a good idea to fly right over donetsk ?? 
  those rebels are bloodthirsty beasts hungry for a kill , they will shoot anything down to get a juicy kill on what they think is the ukrainian airforce , especially if the airspace was already supposedly closed to civilian flights and the plane was n't supposed to have flew over that area . 
  flying a plane over a warzone and deviating from the established course is hardly safe either , try to do that and see how many planes you lose . 
  i 'm surprised at the decision-making processes of the malaysian airlines : [ the stated flight plan of the plane . 
  ] ( http://rasp.yandex.ru/map/air/#center=45.638927822012086%2c41.09469322387088,zoom=4,number=mh%2017 ) [ and now the actual position . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/flightradar24/status/489795658879348737 ) it gets even stupider , the ukrainian army [ closed the airspace over that area ] ( http://www.ukrinform.ua/eng/news/ukraine_closes_sky_over_donbas_323510 ) , due to military operations . 
  class a judgement decisions for the malaysians ... *** however ... 
  either way the rebels are just getting worse and worse -- the ukrainian army obviously has no reason to shoot down places seeing how the rebels do n't have any that ukraine has to be afraid of . 
  and seeing how the altitude was around 10km , that smells like a large truck-mounted sam , not a simple manpad . 
  rebels got a lot of manpads from the ukrainian army stores , but i 'm not sure if they got any sam emplacements . 
  then again , it seems that russia is actually starting to supply them in earnest after sovyansk and kramatorsk were abandoned . 
  do n't see you much out of / r/planetside , / u/ztiller  should n't you be defending the vs now ( jk , jk , i am vs too ) ) ), 
  that seems pretty nice , but in the us employers also pay you the official amount and then take back some . 
  and by that i mean the h1-b visa ` prevailing wage ' requirements that i 've dealt with . 
  they set a certain minimum sum for your skilled labour that the us employer can not pay you less for . 
  that 's to avoid immigrants from stealing us jobs by working less . 
  of course , businesses always have a way around that , hah . 
  businesses also should always hire us citizen/perm . 
  applicants of equal or superior credential first but that does n't always happen either . 
   ( also i would associate russian women with more intelligent and level headed on average than russian men . ), 
  that 's funny , i would associate western women with more intelligence and level-headedness than western men too !, 
  honestly , men just kinda suck everywhere . 
  except me of course . 
  i 'm smart . 
  but everyone else ? 
  that 's probably a good way to scare off ukraine too ... 
  it 's funny how people call out russia specifically for being bad to gays , but i 've had a much easier time being gay in st petersburg than in kiev or chernivtsi . 
  though long story short , it sucks to be gay in both countries , both countries are still mostly homophobic in equal measure . 
  the idea is that ukraine will probably move forward . 
  i hope that will be true . 
  russia does n't look so good now , putin is playing the social conservatism card , whereas it 's hard to say where ukraine will go . 
   us offered to buy mistral ships from france huh , americans did that ? 
  when ? 
  i thought it was discussed , but never actually offered . 
  or did they actually do it ? 
  typically contracts that are written up before such events do n't get torn apart unless the situation is particularly dire , it is bad for a country to hurt business with its geopolitics . 
  kinda why investors are scared of russia right now , politics in russia tend to encroach on business with reckless impunity . 
  yep , that 's the biggest problem really . 
  not the titles , not the rubbish the books spew . 
  but the fact there is n't much opposition to it . 
  most of the population has a very skewed understanding of the ukrainian crisis . 
  well , so does the west , but at least in the west there is more nuance , there is a vocal minority who does n't trust their governments and prefers being contrarian for the sake of contrarian ( looking at some redditors here too ) . 
  in russia you do n't see much variation in viewpoint -- well , you do , just not as much as i see in the us , where i now live . 
  fine , since any comparisons are whataboutism , then the us is a fascist state because they jail everyone at far higher rates than any other state , a state with no democracy because so much fraud and bribes go into elections , a state that is a racist apartheid because of the systematic racism , a state where the rich trod on the poor because of the huge income inequality worse than russia , a true 21st century orwellian dystopia and a shitehole .
