  lords and people would fight for the right of dutch monarchs to rule great britain over the great british ones ( this was before the 19th century declaration of the united kingdom ) . 
  a world without nationalism was one that people without history education have a difficulty grasping . 
  a subject residing in london for their entire life could support a french monarch with far more ardour than one from york simply because the shared language would not necessarily have any value to a person who lived in a time before nationalism . 
   will keep doing so until borders get redrawn to better fit the nations there possibly , but also some nations are gaining national identity that supersedes their previous divisions . 
  iran looks fairly stable despite their diverse population and seems to have remained stable historically in times of strife . 
  iran is only 60 % persian , it 's not that much really . 
   millennia-old conflict between sunnis and shiites in islam . 
  piece of cake , three weeks work for un . 
  this bit . 
  the sarcasm and the old ` millennia-old ' shtick . 
  it 's not like i have n't heard it for a million times already , it 's really popular to post sarcastic posts regarding the ` futility of peace in the middle east ' which is really funny because practically nobody is aware of the fact that middle east was extremely peaceful compared to europe until europe came along and brought war into the middle east . 
  i 'm not saying europe is responsible for all their ills of course , but i am saying that people should drop the ` neverending conflict ' fallacy considering that if we could point to a single culprit that started the entire mess , it would be europeans in the first place . 
  fighting in syria is sectarian because assad created a minority government based on setting all the very small minorities against the sunni majority . 
  it is not simply sectarian in the sense that it 's a religious war between sunni and shia . 
  it is sectarian based on ethnic origins and their alignments with the government . 
  alawites , christians , some shiites ( but far from all ) versus most sunnis and then all of these versus the kurds , and then all of these versus the radical sunnis ( isis ) except that isis core was drawn from the baathist old guard of iraq , and they were a secular , pan-arab nationalist bunch , so it 's a bit interesting to wonder if the core of isis is truly comprised of religious radicals or if they 're cynical baathists using religion as a convenient unifying ideology in a region where it is impossible to unify people on the basis of nationalism . 
  did you ever find it interesting that european wars are rarely described as ` sectarian ' ? 
  even when they are ? 
  ` sectarian ' is a word we used to denote ` the savages of middle east ' . 
  war in donbass is sectarian because you have a portion who identify as russians and a portion who identify as ukrainians , but you do n't hear it ever being called that . 
  it 's simply not in fashion . 
  we have a lot of dog-whistle terms to belittle other cultures that we do n't even realise sometimes are condescending in their usage . 
  well , that 's russia , most people in the eu do n't consider russia to be representative of ` europe ' . 
  eu countries are pretty well settled and peaceful by now , though again , balkans that are now getting inducted into the eu were only recently just mass-murdering each other . 
  of course , at the same time , most ( almost all ) muslims do n't consider ksa to be representative of islam , and yet most of the west sees islam through saudi lens . 
  another thing to consider is the standoff between nato and the ussr . 
  we almost consumed the world in the fires of nuclear holocaust over the most pointless of bullshit and yet we have the gall to call muslims ` savages ' when we hear some calling for the deaths of the infidels . 
  obviously our method of mass murder is superior and more enlightened than theirs !, 
  / s yes , obviously europe has advanced further socially speaking , but in 500 years history will not treat the 20th century antics of europeans very kindly . 
  if we survive that long , we will treat europeans as a group of insane madmen who almost destroyed our world before we ascended to a higher plane of existence . 
  we will take the scientific achievements for granted , but not the nuclear standoff ( which in all fairness may have developed in a different continent just as easily , so perhaps it was just as ` granted ' as the technological progress ) edit : finally , as a post-script , a lot of people here ( including me at times ) fall into the [ whig history fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whig_history ) . 
  let us hope that we will continue to progress socially , but at the same time , that 's not guaranteed at all . 
  history often swings like a pendulum , a 23rd century society can very well be extremely socially conservative as a result of some future dramatic economic or military events that often push an open liberal society into a conservative closed one . 
  that 's funny , because the stereotype of the middle east being a land of neverending strife is pure racist and ignorant bullshit . 
  europe was the land of neverending warfare until second half of 20th century , it boasted the largest death totals from wars too . 
  of course , that `` does n't count '' but obviously when foreigners have wars they 're just people incapable of getting along unlike us . 
  compare that to the middle east , which comparatively speaking was one of the most peaceful regions of the world , a few external invasions aside ( such as the mongols ) . 
  it was n't until the european countries broke up the ottoman empire and then started drawing arbitrary borders and supplying countries with weapons , often times supplying to both sides -- it was n't until then that the middle east erupted . 
  look , i majored in history , some people probably had the chance to see my angry posts here before , but it really bothers me when people have such a smugly dismissive attitude when it 's complete bunk . 
  europe and us had the largest contribution in the destabilisation of the middle east whilst also being the largest warmongers , except if one were to receive their history education on / r/europe , you 'd think that europeans are a peaceful enlightened masterrace that totally was n't genociding each other almost into the 21st century and that muslims have always been violent savages whose religion compelled them to be barbaric ( when the violence is only religious on the surface , any serious historian will be able to see how most conflicts that we call ` religious ' actually have much deeper roots than edgy redditors would have us think ), 
  no it does not . 
  a moldovan made the claim we stole the money . 
  that 's an absurd statement with no proof . 
  i can make those too . 
  your mother is a whore and you are a paedophile . 
  it cost me nothing to make it and it is almost certainly false which is why the burden of proof is on me . 
  what a convincing argument , unfortunately it does n't answer my statements that i posted below my initial comment, 
  blacks were n't immigrants though . 
  they were slaves . 
  i 'm talking about the millions of eastern and southern euro immigrants , or the irish/scots . 
  `` diversity is skin deep '' . 
  there is so much wrong with your post , but did you for a moment consider that plenty of syrians and especially kurds are pretty white looking ? 
  at the least they can easily pass for a southern european after a few generations . 
  many balkan immigrants do n't look too different from the turks either ( not an accident , turks colonised them of course ) and yet we aren ' t using the muslim bosniaks as the scapegoat . 
  us has shown itself capable of integrating people of all ethnicities when it is n't busy oppressing them ( such as the blacks ) . 
  another problem with your post is that you 're implying that europeans are all blantant racists . 
  i 'm sure most of us would n't like to agree with you . 
  it 's like men who blame women for women wearing short clothes , which implies that men are wild animals who can not control themselves . 
  europeans can be above racism . 
  color of skin is n't the problem . 
   their economy is in shatters because it was the soviet policy that encouraged monoindustrialism as a means of locking both ukr and md into the russian sphere of influence . 
  that can be used to explain the moldovan state partially , given the transnistria , but ukraine was the agricultural and industrial heartland of ussr , with or without russia they had every element for future success . 
  between massive hydropower and nuclear power stations , ukraine had around 50 % of its electricity generated from renewable means when it broke off ussr . 
  it had massive steel and coal reserves . 
  all the farmland they needed to feed all of europe . 
  nations would kill for that sort of advantages . 
  and look what happened . 
  russia was a huge net importer of food for all its history . 
  we even imported * american * grain during cold war , a shameful admission of weakness . 
  yet after ussr we became world 's second largest exporter of grain . 
  what did ukraine do with its agriculture ? 
   the main idea is making russia a key element , a hub for their collective and individual well-being , so as to augment its status in spite of its otherwise limited means . 
  yes , the whole ` make tractor wheels in kazakhstan , engine in ukraine , frame in belarus and assemble it in russia ' example . 
  except that it still does n't explain the thousands of independent plants in ukraine -- and the fact that all the world 's industries do n't exist in a vacuum , they 're always interdependent . 
  you ca n't really make many excuses for ukraine . 
  moldova , absolutely . 
  they 're in a bad situation . 
  but blaming the stolen money on russia is just absurd . 
  there is exactly zero solid proof and somehow the fact that their government is corrupt is n't a more likely reason than shadowy russian machinations . 
  but again , easier to externalise the blame . 
  putin does the same . 
  russia has a problem ? 
  * the evil nazi-homo west did it * . 
  serbs and bosnians lived in the same place for centuries but still genocided each other . 
  so did germans and the jews , even though we all thought that by the mid 20th century germany was too enlightened and rational to do such a thing . 
  integration is all relative . 
  globalism hit europe faster , the immigrant communities it will affect slower , but eventually it will all come to pass and eu will have a single identity ( hopefully ) . 
  another question you may ask yourself is why did us take in so many immigrants and integrated them so well ? 
  perhaps you should start looking at yourself first before veering off into racist statements . 
  no rational person would ever say ` never ' to a particular foreign group being able to do something . 
  it implies that there is something wrong with that group racially that makes them different from ` le superior european masterrace ' . 
  yes , but it 's a source for national pride because serbia - a tiny balkan nation - stood against nato , a massive military alliance that was the most powerful fighting force of the 1990s . 
  and then even managed to give them something , such as outwitting them at the end of the war by proving that the nato claims of destroyed vehicles were bullshit and managing to strike back against state of the art weapons that should have been immune to recent aa weapons , let alone 50s and 60s vintage ones . 
  that 's why some serbs are proud of it , even though they were defeated . 
  every nation has countless ` hopeless war/battle ' legends that they are proud of . 
  it 's incredibly hypocritical to dismiss serbia 's experience unless you 're the least nationalist person out there . 
  which hey , i consider myself very anti-nationalist , i do n't think wars should be celebrated . 
  however very few americans i know of refuse to celebrate any of their past wars . 
  nationalism is very strong in us ( and russia ) . 
  what are you talking about ?
