  it 's fucking shitty , i know . 
  the gay law is just a superficial thing . 
  we have hundreds of far more pressing problems -- political , economic , societal , cultural , etc. 
  guess what though ? 
  a good deal of americans on reddit love to circlejerk about how much us sucks -- but the moment a euro says us sucks every american seems to fall on them like vultures . 
  criticism of the us is a privilege of the us redditors . 
  i literally tried posting perfectly identical comments , only difference being in one i implied i was an american and in another i said i was a euro or russian specifically . 
  guess what got upvoted highly and what got showered with abuse and downvoted to hell ? 
  also , can all the yanks brigading this from srd kindly go fuck themselves ? 
  this is one subreddit where i can go to and discuss things with other euros , do you goddamn have to have your nose in * everything * now ? 
  of course you do n't -- just keep jerkin ' about how poor and oppressed americans are on this site and do n't even bother reading any counter-arguments . 
  do go back to / r/adviceanimals and / r/pics if long text-based replies are too tiring to you . 
  nobody forced you at gunpoint to barge into this sub . 
  if you do n't have time to read stuff , then do n't reply to it . 
  it 's basic rules of internet debates and respect . 
  it is better not to reply at all than to reply a multi-paragraph post without reading it and making a bullshit reply that is already answered in the original post . 
  when you reply with one-liner crap that does n't even answer the original post , you 're not contributing to anything . 
  and when you 're intruding into a sub that 's not even made for you , then that 's doubly irritating for me . 
  i do n't go into specialised subs myself without reading their arguments and replying to them in full because specialised subs are made for a reason : to escape shitty comments like yours and to focus on a particular like-minded or like-origin redditors . 
  what a surprise , people just read the top part of my comment without reading it all . 
  i write long-winded posts and this happens every time . 
  in the second paragraph , i say : * i mean sure , some americans condemn it when things are n't going so well anymore , but how often do you hear the condemnation when the operations go well ? 
  or how often do americans get so heated and emotional to the point of saying ` fuck you too , you piece of shit ' ? 
  * if you 're going to barge in here as an american in a sub that was made specifically to escape the american circlejerk of the defaults , why not at least show some goddamn courtesy and actually read more than a single sentence of my my reply , rather than reading the first sentence and rushing to reply ? 
  hah , what are you , a butthurt american ? 
  does it hurt when the shoe is on your foot , when it 's not just amis making up ignorant or unfunny shit about europe ? 
  the reddit defaults are at least as bad of a circlejerk , but likely worse i 'd say . 
  to call out this sub for being a circlejerk is a pretty tall order -- you better have a high moral ground here . 
  at least here the vote distribution is very balanced whereas if you go against reddit circlejerk , well , you 're usually gon na have a bad time unless you do some of those bs contrarian stuff that reddit loves to eat up . 
  hmm , let me see , redditinvestigator.com looks up your post history stats by sub . 
  let 's see : askreddit : 170 adviceanimals : 74 videos : 51 funny : 22 todayilearned : 19 wtf : 19 subredditdrama : 19 pics : 12 gifs : 3 aww : 2 europe : 2 askmen : 2 iama : 1 tumblrinaction : 1 gaming : 1 confession : 1 worldnews : 1 ahhh , ok , got it . 
  this sub is suuuuch a circlejerk . 
  unlike fine and upstanding subs of askreddit , adviceanimals , videos , funny , til , wtf and srd . 
  i see you 're likely an american who arrived here via srd link , eh ? 
  better not vote here then , or else you will get shadowbanned . 
  i got shadowbanned before for voting on srd-link threads . 
  they 're very good at meting out those things . 
  in any case , you 're really fucking with me here if you expect me to take your accusations seriously . 
  literally every sub you post in is a gigantic circlejerk . 
  funny , i do n't see many americans get so hot and bothered about their various military excursion or their support of brutal regimes with weapons , sometimes highly illegal weapons ( chemical components for saddam 's poison gas industry , for instance ) . 
  i mean sure , some americans condemn it when things are n't going so well anymore , but how often do you hear the condemnation when the operations go well ? 
  or how often do americans get so heated and emotional to the point of saying ` fuck you too , you piece of shit ' ? 
  edit : ultimately the point is n't that ` americans deserved boston bombings ' . 
  nobody is saying that , except the extremists frothing with hatred of the us . 
  but it is ` international karma ' , if you will . 
  us congressmen support ira terror campaign , primarily from boston . 
  it 's cute for them to masturbate to their fantasies of the ` overthrowing of british tyranny ' by their bullshitted cousins ( * i say bullshit because i swear , everyone in the states says they are part irish * ) with whom they have no cultural connection left ( * sorry , getting sozzled on st patrick 's day is not enough * ) . 
  they do n't see the violence and death . 
  well , now they do . 
  it 's sad that people had to die but there is certainly a ` poetic justice ' element to this . 
  and if america was n't so well-isolated from its dirty deeds , it would be far more hesitant to carry them out . 
  it is easy to want war in the us . 
  there is no real blood price for a war here . 
  soldiers sign up willingly and if they do perish , it is in very small to nonexistent amounts for most operations . 
  people do n't connect the brutality of war with their political views . 
  war-mongering is very common amongst republican party in the us . 
  if us was truly hurt every time it started a war , it would become a lot wiser and avoid unnecessary wars . 
  also , i really loathe the american thinking of freedom  human lives . 
  iraq does have freedom of a sort today . 
  but at what price ? 
  two million orphans , half a million dead civilians ? 
  cities ruined , economy sunk ( starting with the sanctions in the 90s ) , priceless historical monuments driven over by tanks ? 
  did iraq consent to this ? 
  does national right to sovereignty and self-determination mean nothing anymore ? 
  if america sunk deeper into inequality and the eu invaded to create a more equal , more socialised state , would americans have to like it ? 
  even if the eu created a better state in the us , americans have their right to self-determination and they will rightfully hate anyone who invades their soil and interferes with their affairs . 
  oh please , reddit makes far shittier jokes all the time , usually about minorities or women or rape/pedo/abuse and everyone upvotes them . 
  or shit like ` dae british have bad teeth ??! 1 ?? ', 
  that even get gilded and get 1000s of upvotes . 
  of all the jokes to make , we are going to criticise the one about americans being bad at geography ? 
  i call bullshit on this . 
  it 's not even inaccurate - americans are truly really bad at geography , as a russian expat living in the us . 
  they are a superpower and a very insular nation . 
  there is very little incentive for anyone here to learn geography . 
  when i was a kid ( primary school ) in russia one of our favourite games was to play the geography game - i name a world capital , the person next to me has to name a world capital that has the same starting letter as the ending letter of the capital i named . 
  we played this game until someone could n't name a capital . 
  an easier version of this game was with country names . 
  all in all , i could not imagine most american * adults * playing this game , let alone kids . 
  i do n't mean the ussr example to be like catalonia . 
  i really did n't mean to liken the two , but looks like two people already thought that 's what i meant , so i guess my wording was misleading . 
  i was just rambling off topic with the ussr bit . 
  catalonia is a popular movement , yes . 
  i do n't doubt that ( although i read that only a slim majority wants actual independence , iirc ) . 
  i have a friend from spain , he 's told me enough about you guys , heh . 
  he does n't actually care that much for a spaniard , but that 's not the point really . 
  separatist movements in developed countries inherently misguided imo . 
  they all think it will be a glorious change . 
  it wo n't . 
  things will still be the same . 
  spain is a bit of a special case , it went through very rough economic times followed by the hated austerity measures ( that were n't close to being enough anyway ) . 
  catalonia feels like they 're stuck with spanish mistakes , yeah . 
  but i 'm not sure that creating a separate country will solve these problems . 
  i subscribe to the * economist * and read my news daily on bbc . 
  i 'm not reading some crackpot blogs and i 'm not just sitting on reddit . 
  i read a lot and believe me , i read about your situation too . 
  yes , it hurts when you are paying more in taxes than you receive . 
  but i also read that you 're going to be out of the eu for more than just a year likely as such things are n't done swiftly . 
  i do n't know what customs agreements spain will sign either . 
  in either case , it 's not going to look good for trade . 
  i read about the debt in catalonia - it 's considerable and starting off an independent polity with such debt wo n't be pretty .
