  they truly deserve each other . 
   let 's be honest , erdogan , douche as he is , at least trying to de-escalate situation with russia no shit , he got what he wanted ( showing off his macho/nationalist credentials ) now he 's trying to get off scot free . 
  it 's awfully gallant of him to de-escalate after shooting down our pilot . 
  i 'm sure if it was a turkish pilot shot down by russians he would be equally calm / s  putin is actually doing only the opposite . 
  yes , because now it 's putin 's turn to posture and try to show off what a big dick he has and how macho and nationalist he is . 
  erdogan had his turn , now it 's putin 's . 
  putin has to put up a fit because it was his pilot killed . 
  if russia did the same with the us , russia would get sanctioned by the us . 
  likewise , russia sanctioned turkey . 
   in my opinion , erdogan and putin are very similar politicians very much , except whereas i had a lot of praise for erdogan back before the syrian civil war began ( well , to be fair , the economist did , but i trust them on the foreign policy analysis ) , ever since that happened he 's been sliding down . 
  he used to be friends with assad , israel , iran and russia - no small feat considering how different their aims are . 
  after the flotilla israel had difficult relations with turkey , after the syrian civil war , the other three became hostile . 
  now erdogan is cracking down even harder internally , more so than even putin and his international politics do n't seem to promise much for turkey in the future unless he changes his course . 
  so maybe he 'll get a stronger position in syria ... only to make iran and russia his enemy , possibly losing the syrian position of strength if assad somehow wins . 
   ( we saw mutilations of dead ukraine soldiers on videos too ) . 
  we did ? 
  i did n't see them and i followed / r/ukrainianconflict the entire time . 
  it 's possible i missed them though , got links ? 
  the worst i 've seen was givi making the prisoners try to eat their insignia and the march of the prisoners in donetsk . 
   and i think we were not far from beheadings in ukraine possibly , although it is n't really a tradition in eastern europe . 
  you have to admit , the donetsk war was remarkable for how relatively easy the prisoners got off -- donbass released them even when ukraine did n't match the numbers ( to be fair , more got captured by the rebels than vice versa , and ukraine has the legal right to prosecute the rebels whereas the rebels are in a tricky legal position ) . 
  search liveleak , there are a few versions , the longest one should have it . 
  nasty site ( though i suppose necessary ) , obviously nfsl warning before you go there . 
  i doubt it , they may make a half-hearted ` effort ' but he 'll probably live right outside ankara or istanbul , a la bin laden outside of islamabad . 
  he 's a convenient , if unruly tool of erdogan , similar to girkin , but even more unruly . 
  useful tool for boosting your nationalist credentials without actually appearing to be directly involved . 
  but just as with pro-russian rebels in donbass , the grey wolves are shuttling an awful lot of weapons to the turkmens and the turkish army is quite competent and very numerous , so i 'm not buying that they are n't noticing these guys running back and forth between the borders with their weapons . 
  i swear , they 're buying the same invisibility cloaks the donbass rebels purchased , it 's amazing how two of some of the most powerful armies in the world stationed on a hot border were unable to stop these radicals gunrunning so openly . 
  i 'm a teetotaler actually , never had a drop in my life . 
  and yes , i know they 're a far-right movement . 
  but i 'll be waiting for your government to prosecute them to prove me wrong . 
  are you too afraid to use your main account for your cowardly trolling ? 
  are you scared i will doxx you in your german apartment ? 
  yeah , it 's on liveleak if you change your mind ... 
  they did the full isis display of shooting the unarmed guy , then beheading him and then dancing around his body and screaming allahu akbar . 
  these are the kind of people who get treated as heroes back in turkey . 
  god knows russia is full of retarded vatniks who supported girkin , but i hope to heavens that only a handful of people in russia are fucked up enough to support something like this if it happened in ukraine . 
  as dirty as that war was , the rebels released a massive number of ukrainian prisoners and i have not heard of any verified prisoners or pilots being shot . 
  shame about savchenko though , she is in a kangaroo trial now . 
  though fortunately still alive and under no threat of execution , even though she was a pilot possibly bombing donetsk or spotting for the fire that got those journalists ( doubtful imo , but even if it was true , she was under orders from the legitimate gov ' t of ukraine ), 
  nice troll account m8 . 
  our rebels brought it down on an accident , they talked about bagging a uaf transport until they got to the aircraft crash site , when they started swearing pretty hard when they saw the civilian bodies . 
  i doubt the beheading and shooting of the pilot was an accident . 
  if i knew the names of the mh-17 cossacks responsible , i 'd be calling for their hanging . 
  the rest of the world also sanctioned putin rightfully for the mess he created . 
  rebels are children , they should n't have manpads , let alone sam mobile complexes . 
  the buk system was captured from ukraine a few months ago , but ukrainians claimed the missiles were disarmed by them and that 's probably true , so missiles could only come from russia then if that was true . 
  also pro-russian rebels are the equivalent of turkmens , your own proxy that 's ethnically similar but not actually citizens of their mother country . 
  i was n't talking about turkmens beheading the pilot . 
  i do n't care what turkmens do , they 're not turkish citizens . 
  they 're assad 's jurisdiction . 
  i was talking about the grey wolves members that were leading them , they 're turkish citizens . 
  i 'm interested in seeing what erdogan will do with them when they scurry back to turkey in fear of retaliation . 
  did they sow the head back on after that turkish ( not turkoman , he 's a turkish citizen ) grey wolves militia leader ( alparslan \u00c7elik ) cut it off in a remarkable display of turkish civilised behaviour ? 
  for which i 'm certain he will be detained and immediately prosecuted for when he returns to turkey / s ( my money is on him already running over there before fsb or gru sniffs him out in syria ) . 
  i love how you have +8 upvotes and he has -9 when [ he 's actually right and nobody bothered to check it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3u6im0/the_turkmen_commander_alparslan_%c3%a7elik_who_shot_at/ ) instead people are upvoting your insulting and dismissive reply that does n't even try to prove him wrong . 
  it 's like if i replied to all the people arguing with me as `` ok kiddo '' . 
  turkmens are turkey 's proxies in the syria conflict , just as the donbass rebels are russian proxies . 
  they have turkish arms and are led by some turkish citizens . 
  just as russian proxies . 
  they also regularly get turkish artillery support , just as russians . 
  but thanks to assad 's weakness they also get the support of turkish aeroplanes . 
  even the buk the so-called ` rebels ' used in donetsk was operated by idiot cossack militia that posted on vkontakte ( russian fb ) and also on radio bragging about bagging a uaf military transport . 
  only to pull the stuff down when they drove over to the wreckage and saw only civilians , swearing profusely on radio . 
  all of this stuff was recorded by the sbu ( ukrainian kgb ) . 
  russian soldiers trained to operate buk are n't such idiots that they will confuse a military transport flying at such a height that would be impossible for it , as the civvie jet was . 
  this is a case study in why you do n't give advanced aa to rebels , they 're fucking idiots . 
  to highlight the idiocy of this , rebels should n't even have access to advanced manpads , that can not even reach the big transport jets . 
  instead the donbass rebels got a system capable of shooting down even the high flying jumbo jets ... 
  anyway , my point is that this is a very similar yet very different situation . 
  putin 's actions in ukraine surrounding the buk were far more idiotic but completely accidental . 
  what happened in syria was far more rational but completely planned . 
  there is also the question of that buk the donbass rebels took from a ukrainian base in june-july that was even publicised to warn any civilian airliners ... 
  ... but ukrainian soldiers claimed they sabotaged the buk missiles , so while the system was good , the ammo was not . 
  i believe them , so whether russia gave the whole system or it gave the ammo , it was complicit either way . 
  still does n't change the story here in syria though , of which turkey can not wash its hands either ( but will , just as russia did , minus the international sanctions part -- which russia would face if it did the exact same with a us aircraft ), 
   the pilots were unfortunately killed by the rebels . 
  you failed to read . 
  their leader was a member of grey wolves . 
  a turkish national . 
  he shot at the pilot . 
  not quite just rebels , but a proxy supported by the turkish government , a proxy that is also their citizen . 
  check that link in my previous comment . 
  do you think he will be detained by the turkish police when he 's already celebrated as a hero in turkey ? 
  he 's already in turkey safely hiding , but where is the arrest warrant for him when he clearly did something so illegal ? 
  and lols at the ` russia bombing moderate turkmen rebels ' in this thread . 
  parts of fsa may be moderate , but the turkmen proved they were no different from isis here . 
   it was the last in a long chain of prior violations , which russia had been warned by turkey to cease or face serious consequences . 
  russia decided to ignore it , and its pilots paid the price . 
  an even longer chain of violations exists from turkey . 
  that it ignores . 
  these violations are created and ignored on a daily basis around the world . 
  do you think turkey is the smartest nation in the world because it did something even us refrains from doing , even though us violates the airspace to a far lesser degree than turkey ? 
  us at least reached a live and let live informal agreement with assad when incurring on syrian airspace . 
  these violations were no more weighty before than un reprimands . 
  until now . 
   yes , russia became complacent because it got away with bullying and ignoring other countries for years . 
  but it pushed its luck too far , and one of those countries decided that enough is enough . 
  russia had failed to respect borders repeatedly .
