  russians and ukrainians are truly brothers , a people alike , no matter how much either side denies . 
  maybe me being half-ukrainian and living in chernivtsi ` tainted ' me , or maybe it gave me perspective . 
  the people do not change in either country . 
  the governments mostly do . 
  ukraine is going forward right now , russia backward , politically speaking . 
  however , ukraine is also falling apart in many other ways , which complicates the situation . 
  why do n't you tell me what else i am . 
  also , i 'm sorry that americans ca n't read their own language , i just said both russia and putin are going to hell in a handbasket , apparently you did not bother to read into it before rushing to post your butthurt . 
  you are n't capable of discussing anything without building a convenient strawman to attack of your opponent , eh ? 
  ukrainian army is n't forced to use grad , yet they have no qualms over doing so . 
  that i have family in kiyv and donetsk and kharkiv apparently does n't matter , because 1/3 of those cities is getting liberally shelled and i feel like socking the next smug little western fuck who tells me that using grad is ok because apparently russia is holding a gun to the head of those who order its fire . 
  the ukrainian army can make donetsk bitter for the next several decades or they can take it back honourably with men and tanks and regular accurate rifled artillery . 
  let them show that they 're the better man , they have massive numerical superiority in every single category conceivable . 
  so far i see that they cause hundreds of civilians and rebels cause hardly more than a few confirmed ones . 
  easy to see why i am bitter against one side . 
  war maybe hell but if you use grad or unguided airborne munition strikes against a densely populated city you show your cowardice and lack of regard for human life . 
  if you get any more smug you might as well get in a circle and start fellating your neighbour . 
  oh , and perfect use of orwell , if i hear one more neckbeard use it on reddit unironically i will unsub from / r/circlebroke to give my eyes a rest . 
  refer to my reply to him . 
  oh please you perfectly know what i mean , you just can not resist scoring off an imaginary talking point against me . 
  when arabs or iranians die it 's ok unless israel happens to be the one doing the killing . 
  of course , israel has a lot of issues that lead to its rightful criticism but the point stands . 
  arab deaths usually do n't matter because it is the americans who cause them . 
  just follow a handy chart : if you are an american conservative your outlet will refrain from ever crying out about arab/iranian deaths whereas if you are liberal , you will do so only when israel or a conservative administration is doing the killing . 
  do n't pretend like you do n't know the game . 
   we do n't live in russia . 
  it 's democracy , he can post whatever he wants . 
  yeah !, 
  show us enslaved autocratic russians !!!, 
  dae russians do n't understand democracy ?? 
  let me rephrase this to show the absurdity of your post : * do n't like me ? 
  set me to ignore on res and never have to see my posts again . 
  simple enough ? 
  * i guess there is no irony in waxing over democracy and then telling others to shut up because your views do n't align with mine and democracy ends where internet arguments begin . 
  they 're earnest , check their comment history . 
  i thought it was satire first , but the profile says a different story ... 
  mind you , putin and russia indirectly * does * bear partial responsibility here , our hands are far from clean . 
  however , it 's still funny to me how the west reacts to this whole war . 
  crickets chirping instead of mentioning all the ukrainian civilians dead , but the mh17 or palestinian civilian casualty coverage never ends ... 
  i can see why many of the locals around donetsk scoffed at picking up the mh17 dead -- they were bitter that the west never cared for their daily suffering and never mentioned it , but only cared about picking up the already dead civilians instead of trying to help the living ones . 
  does n't matter if the shellings killed hundreds of civilians , ukrainian army is the good guy , the russians are the bad guys , they 're literally holding a gun to the head of the ukrainian artillery captains . 
  blacks , arabs and slavs are n't people . 
  it 's only a tragedy when a westerner dies , then all the news goes to a full halt . 
   you have blood on your hands !, 
  ugh , this vampire twilight fanfic is really getting tiring . . 
  ever get tired of posting anti-russian rubbish ? 
  i mean , not that there is n't a lot of stuff to blame russia for , but you literally spam reddit 24/7 with the exact same type of links , for months on end . 
  it 's both amusing and pitiful . 
  does n't matter how bad or good the articles are , as long as they fling mud at russia/putin you 'll post it . 
  mind you , i think both are going in a handbasket to hell or however that expression goes , but again , your neverending posts are hard not to notice . 
  omg , reddit mods end russian apartheid , gopniks and vatniks are people too !, 
  i 'm curious , if the gagauz decide to start bombing chisinau and moldovans shoot down what they think was a gagauz plane , would you also have similar feelings ? 
  it 's a bloody war there , if you do n't shoot down a plane , it will bomb you or unload equipment that will be used to bomb you . 
  does n't matter if you are pro-russian , pro-ukrainian or anti-everything , bombs do n't discriminate . 
  the civilians are cheering because regardless of what nationality the soldiers are , the soldiers have been shelling and bombing their homes . 
  currently most people in those regions of ukraine kinda have mixed feelings about artillery and warplanes since they 're mostly used against them and as a civilian , you really have no recourse against it . 
  oh , i know , us does n't have much to lose , that 's why they 're so brave . 
  but if the eu dips into a recession the us markets will be likewise affected . 
  us does n't even need external help with recession anymore , it 's quite likely that the next fiscal quarter will be recessionary too , which makes it an official event . 
  putin wo n't take poland , no worries . 
  dunno why you care about ukraine so much , i lived there in chernivtsi and kyiv for several years , most do n't like the poles . 
  well , haha , now it is totally different i hear . 
  i left ukraine in 2001 . 
  but knowing how much most ukrainians in the west genuinely respect bandera makes me confused as to how you care about them so much . 
  do jewish people also care about germans who support hitler ? 
  of course , bandera was nowhere near that level , but it was n't for the lack of trying , he did a firstrate job of ethnically cleansing the west of ukraine from poles and whatever jews that germans did n't catch . 
  maybe you 're polish and you think the sanctions are a good idea , but i live in the us now and us already entered pretty sharp negative growth , give one more fiscal quarter and it 's a recession . 
  europe will follow , especially if the sanctions are taken to the max . 
  guaranteed . 
  poland and baltic states may want revenge against russia but others have more practical concerns such as whether or not they will keep their job , same salary or if they 're politicians , they will worry if they will get re-elected after overseeing a collapse into another recession right after the last one . 
  putin and ukraine are welcome to duke it out themselves , fuck 'em both . 
  i lived in ukraine for longer than i even lived in russia , both sides stink more than you can imagine . 
  i do n't want my economy ( now that i am living in the west ) to suffer because of maidaners and mr. putinksy . 
  sorry , for me the map showed the flight path but the url does n't seem to show it anymore , just the start and the end point . 
  yep , precisely those . 
   they 've been pouring gasoline on that fire for months now and they are the only reason that rebellion is still going on . 
  or that it has started in the first place . 
  there seems to be an international precedent for supplying rebels favourable to your cause , of course russia would do that . 
  i 'm surprised they 're limiting themselves in the scale of aid , so far it 's been rather hard to prove any weapons were coming in from russia in quantity as the rebels were making do with the millions of weapons they got from various caches , like that salt mine near donetsk . 
  however , now with the grads and sams it is quite possible russia is finally sending them some actual weapons , and the actual russian gov ` t , not just a few novorossiya-type extremists . 
   putin has been playing with fire ( and human lives ) for his little geopolitical and internal gains and that 's what happens . 
  putin is playing the same game everyone is . 
  he 's equally culpable , sure , but this is nothing new . 
  of course , when russia does it , every russian is literally hitler , as many people seem to think here . 
  but when us does it , i ca n't call it out because that 's ` whataboutism ' . 
  no , this is realpolitik . 
   eu appeasers also have this blood on their hands . 
  firm stance against russian aggression 6 months ago could have prevented the escalation . 
  hard to say . 
  us just dipped into serious negative gdp growth . 
  if the next quarter shows a negative growth as well , us will officially enter a second recession . 
  what * the economist * has been crying about a while now . 
  eu is reluctant to create serious sanctions because they 're worried about their economy . 
  with the economy as fragile as it is , even the smallest sanctions can have a ripple effect . 
  also , businesses are lobbying hard for no sanctions , they do n't care if their money has blood on them . 
  perhaps if the eu wants to show they 're better than us or russia , they should step up and break free of the grip that large corporations have on their policymaking . 
  but actual reforms and tough decisions that may possible lead to your gov ' t being voted out are * hard * . 
  easier to blame others . 
  kinda like putin used this crisis to shift the blame away from anemic growth and distract the russian populace with a classic misdirection through foreign conflict . 
  learning from the bush playbook -- but who am i kidding , plato himself spoke of ` tyrants ( back then it was a neutral word ) who stir up foreign wars so that the demos ( people ) may be in need of a leader ',
