  if you do n't mind taking tips from a russian gay guy , i 've got some . 
  i 'm assuming you 're a guy , like most of the users here , i 'm considerably worse at female fashion than i am with male fashion , seeing how i dress myself more than i do women , and the reverse of dressing as well , ahem . 
  i 'm sure you do n't , i 'm sure i would not be able to find a single instance of you being outraged about russian aggression ... crimeans made a lot of their local groups too . 
  remember all those local thugs strutting dressed like cosscks ? 
  and are you telling me poland invaded lithuania with just local militia now ? 
  it 's not deflecting , it 's the use of double standards . 
  you 're defending inexcusable polish interwar behaviour and then acting like your shit does n't stink whilst pointing out other shit . 
  i swear some people have no sense of irony ... and crimea was russian before soviet partitions and the population was a vast majority of russians ? 
  and it was hard for ukrainians to defend crimea as they constituted only 20 % of it and almost all spoke russian anyway ? 
  meanwhile russian self-defense brigades ` protected ' crimea , right ? 
  i never thought poles were such enthusiastic supporters of things like the russian annexation of crimea !, 
  fortunately for russians , crimea was n't a historical capital of ukrainians or anything , because wow , that would make it even harder to justify the illegal annexation ... 
  wilno was lithuanian then , and wilno was later invaded successfully by poland , taking it away from the lithuanians , an act of self-defense on the part of poles no doubt ... 
  the idea was noble perhaps , much like the idea of a ussr . 
  the execution of the said idea was anything but noble . 
  it was bloody and forced . 
  it was done to aggrandise the power of the polish elites . 
  poland fought bloody wars with ukrainians and lithuanians , the same two peoples that were supposed to be the other two willing components of the commonwealth . 
  hell , ussr was far more voluntary than the new commonwealth of the 1920s , and that 's quite a feat given how much bloodier the soviet tactics were compared to polish ones . 
  part of that was due to the new class order that communism promised . 
  it was a lot more attractive to the lower classes than some vague idea of a bygone kingdom that mostly benefitted poles anyway . 
  poland was doing the same except minus the veneer of progressivist ideology , just plain irredentist imperialistic dreams of restoring rzeczpospolita . 
  the soviet-polish war did n't start in poland , it started in ukraine . 
  that sorta shuts down your `` poland was defending itself '' point . 
  you would n't believe a russian talking about russia `` defending itself '' from finland in the 30s when the war actually began in finland , would you ? 
  in the case of the finns , they fought an * actual * defensive war . 
  as i 've described in my initial long post , poland was running a very hostile foreign policy in the late teens to 20s and 30s , so much so that every single one of its neighbours became hostile to poland if they were n't already . 
  poland and ussr both had imperialistic ambitions , but poland lost . 
  now that they can not claim to be winners , some nationalist poles take to the internet and try to paint a new picture of polish victimhood . 
  it does n't help that much like russians , poles get fed a diet heavy in lies and light in truth during their schooling in regards to their own history . 
  actually , this is a phenomenon that 's very common to all of eastern europe , each nation builds its own fictional history in its textbooks . 
  poland took vilnius among other places , a city of great importance at that time , forcing lithuanians to move the capital to kaunas . 
  i 'm not trying to insult lithuanians , i 'm only pointing out that belligerent actions from poland shafted lithuania , as it became a loser in a war of polish imperialistic ambitions . 
  i 'm not sure how much you get into historical debates on / r/europe , but i routinely read poles writing historical fiction about how they were buddies with lithuanians during the interwar period and nobly fighting bolshevism until big bad russia once again fucks them . 
  polandball-inspired fanfic pretty much that has little to no grounding in the actual events of the period . 
   defending themselves . 
  was it ? 
  the way i 've read the history ( in the us mind you , i would never read russian-written history ) is that poland under pilsudski had their own imperialistic ambitions of a restored commonwealth and started to expand east , fighting with the ukrainians . 
  ukrainians fought back bitterly and in the meantime in the east ussr was expanding , with eastern ukrainians supporting either ussr or the anarchists of makhno . 
  as the soviet ukraine was proclaimed , the communist-minded ukrainians saw poles as invaders seeking to restore the old order of polish magnates owning all the land and oppressing the ukrainians as serfs tilling their soil , harking back to khmelntiski 's rebellion . 
  now , the ukrainians also perpetrated some ethnic cleansing -- though ukrainians will say that they were trying to reclaim territory that was their own and the poles were the occupiers ( which does not excuse it at all , but bear with me ... ) . 
  i 've never personally heard poles complain about ussr helping them regain massive amounts of what is now western poland , the richest and most productive part of poland that was taken from germany , settled by germans for centuries and then the germans were expelled in an act of similar ( albeit less bloody ) ethnic cleansing . 
  poland today is a product of soviet machinations , without ussr poland would be a little rump state today . 
  now , ussr also fucked poland rather hard in other ways , but again , i do n't see poles complaining about that particular bit despite the similar character of it to some actions that poles themselves suffered from . 
  i 'm not really seeing the typical `` polish victimhood '' narrative that is often pushed by poles in the 1920s . 
  poland saw itself as an equal player in the geopolitical sphere of eastern europe at that time and pilsudki 's brilliant [ prometheism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prometheism ) plan had a good chance of working to topple the fragile soviet state when it was rising up . 
  poland also had no problems bullying the lithuanians into submitting at that time and also taking a chunk of czechoslovakia when hitler rolled into it . 
  now , poles will defend that czech action as taking back what was originally theirs , but russians can use the same excuse with the russian co-invasion of poland with the nazis , when russians saw it as taking back the territories that brest-litovsk took away from russia despite russia spilling the most blood for the allied cause in wwi . 
  the more one reads about this history , the more one sees two imperialistic powers struggling with each other for hegemony over eastern europe . 
  i 'm really failing to see the ` victimhood narrative ' that i hear poles whining over . 
  poland having irredentist ambitions of a new commonwealth in the 1920s is no more noble than russians having irredentist ambitions in the 2000s about getting back their soviet territories . 
  that 's true , but as erdogan grows more isolated he will have to swap some of his expansionist external agenda for a more repressive internal one . 
  at the core , he 's just a guy who wants to hang onto power . 
  eu and nato would already love to have erdogan replaced if in the process of doing so it could be guaranteed that turkey does n't turn into chaos . 
  erdogan knows this and he 's trying to cement his rule in turkey by all means possible , chief of which is repression of any possible detractors of his rule . 
  putin is definitely the geopolitical opponent of erdogan , putin wants more influence in azerbaijan and he wants to protect armenia . 
  he likes assad and he uses the kurds to his ends when it suits him . 
  but erdogan has supported assad in the past , he can flip again if he has to . 
  erdogan can also put his ambitions in the caucasus on the hold . 
  as long as putin helps maintain his regime , putin benefits from having an unreliable nato partner and erdogan benefits because he 's in power . 
  yeah , i noticed that too actually , but before i wrote my post i also saw on wiki that most of those nations had lower fertility rates and wiki quoted russia with being the highest . 
  maybe they were quoting an outdated or a biased source ? 
  rni is -1.14 but that 's just crude birth vs crude death rate ( for 2015 there were 13.0 deaths and 13.3 births per 1000 ) it 's pretty standard for developed countries , most of europe is lower . 
  the one large nation in europe that does noticeably better is france , but that 's at the cost of migrants of controversial compatibility . 
  the rate of total population growth is 0.2 % and that 's not counting the recent influx of ukrainian refugees ( ~ 3mil ) as well as acquisition of crimea ( 2mil ) . 
  there are also the illegal ukrainian immigrants , estimated to be 3-11mil . 
  if putin was smarter and more efficient , he should have made legislation making it easy for them to gain status , it 's not like the duma ever failed to pass anything of his ... ukrainians in russia are no different from russians in any measure , the same culture , language , religion and the majority of them are quite the putinists too . 
  in southwest of russia people speak with the same accent as even the more ukrainian ukrainians , whereas many of the eastern ukrainians speak with less accent than , say , many from rostov . 
  i do n't see russia ever threatened by turkey . 
  whereas the eu has a very strong economy and a large population ( half a billion in fact , that 's massive considering that it 's not your `` country peasant '' inflated count that many more populaous nations have ) . 
  but turkey meanwhile is already stretching thin the patience of us , eu and nato overall . 
  if they try anything outside of their borders that puts them in direct conflict , they 'll get boned . 
  their slide into islamicism wo n't help their future prospects of being a technological powerhouse . 
  next they 'll start pushing the women to be mothers and wives only , killing off 50 % of their potential . 
  erdogan has already been pushing such campaigns . 
  that being said , as erdogan comes under more pressure i can only see him growing more friendly towards putin . 
  autocrats are always drawn to other shit . 
  russia allegedly warned erdogan about the coup , who knows how much of it was real or staged , but what 's definitely true is that after the abortive coup the two leaders came even closer together . 
  iraq was a 21st century catastrophe . 
  it will continue to have deep and lasting consequences that will fuck the region . 
  isis was just the beginning . 
  consider this : in 2007 the iraqi government reported 5 million full orphans . 
  that 's out of roughly 15mil population of 0-17 . 
  so a third . 
  those orphans as well as other children that are disproportionately missing their fathers due to war violence will grow up impoverished , under - or entirely un-educated . 
  this will only lead to further instability as a high population of desperate , poor and uneducated youth causes acute instability . 
  iraq was led by a nasty dictator who genocided the kurds . 
  however in the beginning of the 2000s the kurds were already living in the northern part of iraq in their autonomous kurdistan region where the un was enforcing a zone of protection , with saddam already unable to touch the kurds . 
  saddam was claimed to have weapons of mass destruction . 
  however he had nothing resembling a nuclear weapons programme and no biological weapons were found . 
  he did have poison gas , but the western allies provided him that , particularly the cia and the french -- france sent most of the ingredients which everyone knew he would use for gas . 
  cia fed him weather patterns so that he may use it against iran ( and the kurds ) . 
  iraq was pretty well off before the embargo . 
  i 've known many iraqis and they were pretty open about liking the saddam regime prior to the embargo . 
  i hate to repeat trump because even though he is benefiting russia , he is still an idiot -- but he had a point about saddam , it would have been better to leave him . 
  he was a monster grown on western funds and weapons ( as well as some soviet help , although ussr also gave a lot to iran in the latter half of the war ) but taking him out was very messy and bush administration did not follow the advice of rehabilitation of the former baathist leaders . 
  they cut off the entire power structure and discarded it . 
  the new army and govt they raised in place was even more corrupt and very weak . 
  isis was founded by many of those who were thrown out of the saddam power structure . 
  everything was set in stage .
