  i do n't like the way russia is going right now , i think it is the wrong direction and i think putin is wrong . 
  i fully admit ussr committed a terrible crime in invading and subjugating the baltic nations . 
  a crime that i am deeply sorry for , i have repeated it like 4-5 times in this thread , but of course , i have to do it every post because every asshole balt comes out of the woodwork to blame me personally for personally shooting their grandparents and personally supporting putin . 
  funny how you never hear americans getting personal blame for their foreign policy , and they have a real democracy going too ... 
  i did n't decide to invade the baltic nations and i did n't support stalin . 
  of course , unfortunately many russians today support stalin , maybe a minority so far , but still far too much . 
  well , that 's part of why i left that part of my life there . 
  seriously ... kinda makes all the social commentary made by redditors highly suspect . 
  i mean , we russians are n't the friendliest of people , but i like to think that we have a laid back attitude to sex , most of us enjoy it pretty early on at least judging by my friends and i feel like some people here obsess too much about it . 
  i do n't know if some people have a higher libido than me or simply go dry too long , but you ca n't just get so worked up about kissing . 
  also , close personal contact is a beneficial trait that both humans and all primates enjoy , it 's natural and good for you , whether you prefer it with the same sex or different sex , 
  close friends do , in ukraine too . 
  i 've lived in both countries , we kiss as close friends . 
  on cheek usually . 
  and yes , as the other user said , when drunk . 
  we practically have homo orgies when we drink  i do n't drink at all though , i do n't joke around with homo stuff , or else i pop an erection when kissing a guy i do n't mind the appearance of :p, 
  a mere event is not a claim . 
  you have to present an argument as well . 
  i say he arrived in wildly inappropriate clothing that would have gotten him in trouble with hr/employer either today or in the 1950s when feminism was n't really a big thing . 
  it proves jack nothing about feminism or sjws , if i had an employee who attended such a crucial event i 'd give him a nice talk whether i was a fascist or a sjw . 
  when you have a highly important and televised event , you have to show up in something that at least has a passing modicum of respectability . 
  i do n't care that he bawled on camera because of his immature actions , while we 're discussing here what an impact far-right groups have an how dangerous they are and how bad it is that internet cares more about sjws than those groups , you 're giving me this absurd example that frankly is insulting in your assumption that it somehow constitutes and argument . 
   quite frankly , simply basic human decency . 
  lol . 
  sjws claim that gay/trans acceptance and female equality is also basic human decency . 
  i 'll triple down on douchebag since you do n't seem to appreciate the irony of your post . 
  so here it is : fuck you , you insensitive prick . 
  did i offend you enough ? 
  shall you go cry to the authorities to censor me and downvote me ? 
  as usual , anti-sjws focus on the needle in the haystack whilst standing next to boxes of needles getting scattered all over the grass . 
  you know , i like you . 
  i will go back later today when i have more free time to answer this thread , but i like the way you talk even though i think you 're delusional about your grandeur linking of your philosophy to enlightenment ( do n't get me started on / r/justneckbeardthings ) and despite your baffling opinion that men are the most victimised part of the society , when practically all that men do is victimise themselves but also elevate themselves as well . 
  speaking of which , feminists have always been for a greater acceptance of male rape , for greater treatment and prevention of it as well as for the dismantling of the so-called ` patriarchy ' that forces men to act ` manly ' and bottle in a lot of their emotional and sexual problems . 
  but all your male rights activists care is about statistics so you can spin your side this way or that way ... feminism has worldwide acceptance , mras are a fringe internet movement , so little has been done by mras which i can positively evaluate . 
  like that time they filed false rape reports to college , ahh . 
  anyway , but i like you , i like the way you talk , the way you make your dry and witty retorts and even though i think your argumentation is faulty , you 're a fun person to talk to , in a respectful sort of a way , 
  once again , you saw a full on anti-sjw talk with me on this thread , i argued with him . 
  you did n't present an argument , just cowardly and irrelevant bait . 
  do n't cry if i ridicule the absurd example . 
  instead , make your own argument . 
  i take serious things seriously and funny things in an irreverent manner . 
  are your feelings hurt ? 
  why does every anti-sjw resemble the caricatures they hate ? 
  none of you actually practise what you preach . 
  anti-sjws told people to grow a pair and stop whining about a prominent scientist picking an article of clothing . 
  now you 're whining to me about my conduct towards you . 
  you do n't see the irony ? 
  the whole point of the opposition to sjws is that people should n't take things online so seriously . 
  a criticism which is partially true , when it comes to the more minor things . 
  jokes aside , fibre cable is worthless in illegal resale . 
  you can even let gypsies and russians do the digging , 
  i care about progressivism . 
  people who espouse virulent anti-sjw views instead of y' know , actually trying to combat real problems such as racism , sexist , inequality , poverty , nationalism , etc are also the type of people who stand against social ( and possibly ) economic/political progressivism . 
  or maybe now , maybe only social progressivism . 
  feminism is a small facet of a lack of progressivism . 
  let the feminists take care of that , there are women who are better suited to that than i am . 
  i do n't care about changing anyone 's opinion on feminism on reddit , it should be clear enough from what i write . 
  i 'm not silly enough to think it 's worth my time . 
  the first thing you consider as a speaker is the audience . 
  you do n't preach fascism to a local trotskyist meetup . 
   its people like you that give feminism a bad reputation . 
  please stop . 
  your concern for the ideology which you no doubt dislike except in an imaginary form that does n't really line up with actual modern feminists is so touching to me !, 
  i am not acting serious because your example is n't serious . 
  when i speak of manufactured outrage , i 'm only amused when someone presents me a prime example of such . 
  i explained to you why his situation was absurd . 
  i do n't care either way where feminism goes on reddit . 
  i ca n't change opinions like yours , i know where you stand already . 
  i 'm not concerned with converting anyone . 
  feminists can do what they like , i 'm a progressive not a feminist , i just find reddit 's relationship with feminism very funny . 
  you did n't present me any argument , you gave me an absurd example and i had my fun with it , do n't start crying too because you left some bait and did n't like my reaction to it . 
  you can not say you do n't like arguing when you have n't argued . 
  and i can assure you , if you want something even worse than an argument with a feminist , try arguing with an anti-sjw , those types are still sending me death threats , of which i can link you to if you like . 
  i do n't even care to espouse sjw ideas , i just like to make fun of people who do absurd things . 
   not really sure of what this post accomplish , or if it is pushing a clear point worry not , these posts are the best posts , i enjoy reading them the most  i do n't like reading highly slanted and inflammatory opinions of either side , i do n't go on srs or its opposing subs because they make my head hurt , not to mention i do n't like circlejerks . 
  i like a good discussion that does n't go into the extreme and that is more musing than argumentative . 
  observations are very good , they help add more or less level-headed opinions that are n't rabidly concerned with converting new cult adherents . 
   elliot rodger was n't an mra by any means , and he was n't even a redpiller . 
  very convenient to say that , except his posts were absolutely mra/trp in nature . 
  i mean , a lot of feminists will say ` x ' is not a feminist when confronted with a radical and yet if i say ` x ' is not a real feminist , i will get bombarded with `` dae this is a no true scotsman fallacy ?? '', 
   how many more men died because feminists ignored and belittled the plight of men and sucked off all the empathy and the resources with their slanderous one-way theories to give them exclusively to women ? 
  very transitory accusation you 're making . 
  how many x people died because y ideology led to a neglect of a z subject ? 
  damned human rights activists are * literally hitler * for causing so many starving people to be ignored because we were too busy feeding starving animals . 
  there is a well-supported general sociological observation that men tend to be more well-off under the current status quo than women . 
  this is something that anyone from the scholarly , academic consensus agrees on to the very current president of the us , who also agrees that this is an issue . 
  we have groups that are considered advantaged and some that are disadvantaged . 
  yes , not all blacks are disadvantaged and not all whites are advantaged , but we specifically try to help blacks because in many western countries they are more disadvantaged . 
  why do runners on the outer ring of the track are given a start that 's a bit ahead of the ones on the inner track ? 
   why are you telling me this ? 
  i do not respect progressivism , i respect the ideals of the enlightenment ( individualism , rationality , equality before the law , freedom of speech ) , and i believe progressivism/pc to be an enemy to them . 
  that 's a deep topic you 're going into mate , and unless you have a phd in philosophy i highly doubt either of us is qualified to debate that . 
  also , enlightenment has little bearing on current social issues . 
  many great thinkers of enlightenment had no problem with a society that valued certain races and genders less than others . 
  they prattled on about their rights and made no thought of applying them to certain groups . 
  that 's not even mentioning the fact that enlightenment does n't have a lot of answers on how to treat people who come from unequal backgrounds , judging by your application of it . 
  progressivism is n't a ` cult ' , it is a desire to improve the lot of the lives of some of us . 
  let me make a wild guess , you 're probably a white male , eh ? 
  so am i perhaps , but it 's not coincidental that those who have the most advantages are the ones who are most often against societal change . 
   last i checked non issues outside of the internet didnt make scientists cry .
