  my main issue is the denial of people the well-known plans that the nazis already put forward into effect that would have exterminated all non-germanic people in the eastern europe . 
  which a lot of eastern europeans seem to deny despite overwhelming evidence . 
  despite the supposedly free from propaganda media and education that they receive . 
  a russian can at least claim they were brainwashed by putinist complete control of media and education , but what 's the excuse for not knowing history in the west ? 
   you like to pretend that bloody ussr oppression ended in 1953 and everything was swell after stalin 's death . 
  it simmered down pretty well internally . 
  foreign policy wise it 's a different story , but that was the cold war after all , lot of nasty stuff happened then . 
   / r/europe is not a neo-nazi gathering place you like to claim . 
  it is you who are weird and vile with your long winded posts trying to justify the horror and crimes against humanity that soviet power was . 
  never said it was , you 're just arguing vs a strawman as usual , the moment anyone sees my flair they stop reading my actual lines , hit the downvote button and argue with prepared talking points . 
  nevermind that i am rather harshly opposed to putin , liberal , welcome eu integration , etc , etc. 
  it does n't fucking matter . 
  too bad , if that 's how you view russians -- evil even when friendly to you , then maybe we will stay apart a long time . 
   it is you who are weird and vile with your long winded posts trying to justify the horror and crimes against humanity that soviet power was . 
  oh yeah , i definitely try to justify stalin 's crime . 
  jesus christ , give me a break , you do n't even bother to pass off your trolling as some effort at argumentation . 
  that 's dogecoin sloganeering there , pleb , us captains of industry holding out satoshicoins do n't take kindly to such casuals . 
   however , you do have to understand that it 's more of a counter-reaction to moscow 's official stance . 
  i do , i try to . 
  i mean , i get it , russia is a problem these days . 
  and it still denies the shit it did . 
  nazi germany is not a problem these days , and modern germany set an example to the world of how to handle its ugly past . 
  problem is , this is reddit , i 'd figure people here at least have a passing knowledge of history . 
  it 's not ` speculation ' . 
  it 's the reality , generalplan ost was already well in action . 
  germany lasted for such a short period of time in its larger borders , it had such a difficult war and it still killed so many . 
  ussr lasted 90 years and how many foreign civilians did we kill , since let 's not pretend any balt actually gives a damn about how many russian lives are lost . 
  there is a clear difference between the two . 
  especially since we did n't like stalin either in the ussr , lenin hated him , all his successors hated him , we made him a non person . 
  which in retrospect was the wrong way to handle it , better to have shamed him in perpetuity rather than ignore it . 
  until the mid 60s or so germany also liked to ignore nazism , but then it learned better . 
  ussr did not . 
  as a result , hitler is still hated in germany , but stalin is facing resurgence in russia . 
  regrettable . 
  however , that is russia . 
  ussr never approved of stalin , only stalin approved of stalin . 
   knowing that , it is n't surprising that germany was seen back then more of a good guy here than soviet union . 
  current twisted view of kremlin only makes it worse . 
  i agree , but again , people on this sub must be young and despite their claims , shitty students of history . 
  or , despite their claims , the history education in the baltic nations is full of propaganda . 
  which does n't surprise me , russia is chock full of propaganda , i 've lived in ukraine and poland enough to know their history is also propaganda . 
  i do n't see why the baltic nations would be any different . 
   tell that to my relatives that died in siberia . 
  stalin was as bad as you show hitler . 
  there is no difference for us . 
  nonsensical piece of argument . 
  i lost relatives because romanians shot them for being jews , under the direction of the nazis . 
  do i accuse romanians of being worse than stalin ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  neo-nazis will argue that all the sides did bad things equally and use stuff like dresden to somehow ` prove ' that us was just as bad as the rest , it plays to their ` no good guys ' narrative , kinda like putinist propaganda likes to use various examples to play the ` no good guys narrative ' . 
  not that * there are * good guys , but the point that nazis and putinists try to push is some sort of relativity wherein all sides bad so like , you ca n't criticise us that much . 
  there are bad things and then there are things even worse . 
  you can throw up your arms and say that all great powers are bad and there is no point in arguing who is less bad because all are responsible for the deaths of millions , but that 's a really useless way to look at history . 
   you l on the other hand know only ussr propaganda or now putin propaganda . 
  i love the assumptions you make , nice going mate . 
  argue against the strawman , not me . 
  i am such a putinist because the homosexual liberal russian is such a lover of putin !!!, 
  i happen to have attended an american uni ( loyola nola , then vcu ) and received my ba in no less than history , i can provide physical proof via pm if you so wish . 
   we know our history and we can openly talk about it and discuss . 
  you know propaganda , but nice try . 
  i learned history in the us . 
  i 've long been an advocate against learning history in eastern europe . 
  every nation there peddles its own brand of bullshit . 
  i 've seen the history textbooks in ukraine and poland , they 're a bunch of nationalistic garbage . 
  latvia is probably little better , i bet you have a really fair and balanced overview of ussr vs nazi germany , absolutely . 
  i 've never been able to get a cogent response from any of you as to the generalplan ost , it 's like every balt denies the fact that hitler planned to kill you all ... weird kind of a complex really , it 's almost like you guys feel sometimes racially superior to russians . 
  ok , i am not going to accuse you of being nazis , let 's be fair , if i had a decent country like latvia i 'd feel kinda superior to russia , which is a major mess , but nor am i saying i detect very positive attitudes from your country either . 
  a lot of balts i 've argued with here seem to argue from a perspective of ethnic superiority . 
  americans are n't perfect either with their history , but they are father away from all this stuff , they 're not right by russia and lately with the soviet archives being opened since 1993 there has been a lot of development in soviet historical studies . 
  none of which of course any of you balts care a piddle about judging from the quality of responses i read from the posters from your region here on this sub . 
  history in eastern europe is russia spouting its propaganda while the smaller nations try hard to keep up . 
  out of all the western nations , i have the most respect for the american efforts at documenting history . 
  not surprising since americans are leading in every science , but you really have to hand it to their scholars . 
  they do n't let their national origin cloud their reasoning these days , unlike us russians : /, 
  if hitler would win , generalplan ost would ensure mass murder of the majority of the eastern europe ( anything east of oder , including the balts ) and the remaining portion would be enslaved until the germans ( as well as the dutch , scandinavians and brits , the races hitler considered pure enough to keep ) reproduced enough for the slaves to die out . 
  as much as this sub likes to pretend stalin was just as bad or worse than hitler , that simply is n't true . 
   and to think that some still miss that shitty country . 
  only recently under putin do people miss stalin , thanks to the putinist propaganda and rewriting of history , he wants to style himself as a strong macho leader , blah blah , capture the current of nationalism , yadda yadda . 
  most people who miss ussr miss the softer , gentler days like the 60s-80s . 
  i mean , look , i am all for eu and european integration , i 'd love for ukraine and eventually russia to join the eu , in time , when we become more civilised . 
  however , i do n't appreciate the bullshitting that goes on in regards to history here . 
  poles and balts on this sub simply flat out refuse to admit that the nazis would murder them all . 
  only those with blond hair and blue eyes would be germanised , the rest , dead . 
  russia would be magnificently stupid to so something like that however . 
  muslim terrorists ? 
  this is their standard operation playbook . 
  but yeah , i would be much happier to hear this was n't a muslim terrorist . 
  europe does n't even need more hate right now , there is plenty enough already . 
  and the more anti-muslim hate , the more new terrorists are grown . 
  terrorists know this . 
  get a negative feedback loop cycle going and soon nigel farage and le pen will seem like sensible chaps . 
  then even more muslims will radicalise . 
  rpg-7 is pretty cheap to russia , it certainly does n't cost us that much to produce those . 
  and our cold war stocks are beyond massive , biggest problem is n't not having enough , but dealing with expiration dates . 
  putin will keep the `` local supermarkets '' in donetsk well stocked ... 
  because it is very easy to cherrypick one passage and ignore all other context . 
  racists in america love to do this too , quote some black public figure having a negative opinion of the black community and then use that to justify oppression . 
  you can not seriously expect us to believe that a minority is the party at fault here . 
  next you 'll be telling us how gypsies deserve the treatment they get because they `` fail and refuse to assimilate '' . 
  you know the worst part ?
