  and hitler would hate him a lot more too , not that he did n't hate ussr enough already . 
  before wwii , the west was far more afraid of communism than fascism , communism was like a virus , it tried to spread everywhere and overthrow the ruling order . 
  if not stalin , then wwii may have started out with germany fighting russia and the west not being involved * until it was too goddamn late to to anything * . 
  west never wanted to fight germany anyway , look at appeasement and sitzkrieg . 
  west would have been happy if germany went to kill the communists . 
  jews and slavs would be exterminated and the west would stand by . 
  i know i am starting to sound bitter , but i do love the west , i love eu , i love what europe is now . 
  however , it took us a lot of history to get to where we are . 
  if stalin was replaced by trotsky or if russia stayed tsarist , i am positive history would have taken a much scarier course . 
  perhaps if someone else took power , it may have been different . 
   i actually had a discussion with one russian guy not so long ago and his argument was basically that gulags were just like modern prisons , only prisoners instead of being supported by a country actually work for it . 
  but all of them were convicted criminals and in general it was one of the best prison systems in the world . 
  most gulags were , to be fair . 
  just quite a few of the nazi camps were just labour camps . 
  the nazis had death camps though as well , which were for industrial death and concentration camps , which were aimed to kill everyone in them , work was an afterthought . 
  gulags were in general really harsh prisons where prisoners were put to work on important civic projects . 
  much of the stalinist economic miracle happened in a large part due to gulags . 
  the stalinist industrialisation is what allowed ussr to survive wwii and avoid total annihilation . 
  imagine if russia was still tsarist . 
  1941 germany was a far bigger menace than 1914 germany , and 1941 germany did n't have the western front , it just had the uk barely hanging on to power . 
  hitler would have steamrolled through 1941 tsarist russia and mass-murdered slavs to an unimaginable degree . 
  you and i would not exist , and neither would our parents . 
  **** * here is where he was wrong * . 
  gulags were obviously meant for political prisoners who were by all fair definitions innocent . 
  and for a lot of people who were jailed simply for making an off remark or being too wealthy . 
  my great-grandfather served 5yrs in a gulag , he was a * kulak * , or a rich ukrainian peasant . 
  well , in moldova , but it was northern moldova , briceni region . 
  and here is another problem : russians today are fed bullshit in heaps and they also want to believe some of it . 
  stalin was declared a * fucking asshole * by the soviet union of khrushchev . 
  not publicly , but it was known nonetheless . 
  his legacy was to be buried , not to be mentioned . 
  out of shame . 
  now putin brings him back into the spotlight , a positive one ... 
  i understand why putin is doing it , stalin was a strong leader . 
  however , he was an evil man . 
  putin knows this , but he does n't care , he uses him in his propaganda machine . 
  he whitewashes stalin 's crimes , denies them , minimises them , etc. 
  that being said , stalin did save ussr and by extension eastern europe from the nazis . 
  without his industrialisation ussr would have collapsed . 
  do n't delude yourself into thinking us would come to waste its men to liberate the entire continent of europe if it had no capable ussr to stand by it , a ussr that still held territory west of urals . 
  slavs and jews and all the other undesirable social groups would be exterminated . 
  does he deserve our praise for it ? 
  no , fuck stalin . 
  however , from a purely academic perspective , it 's still worth remembering that we owe our lives to him , as much as i hate the man and the shit he did to soil the soviet legacy into perpetuity . 
  imagine a ussr without stalin . 
  it would be just another run of the mill empire that improved a lot of things whilst committing imperialistic injustices , so not so bad in other words . 
  stalin however turned ussr into 'em pire of evil ' . 
  how the hell is russia just one nation away from being next to germany ? 
  low population density ? 
  i suppose i 'd have to read more into how they measure this stuff , because i do not understand how we are not worse . 
  keep tabs on them presumably and remember these things when giving opportunities for the kids to go to special summer camps or later on , making it more difficult for them to get promoted . 
  at least that 's what was sometimes done in the ussr . 
  even native latvians really ? 
  ussr has n't taught them anything ? 
  i mean , i 'm not exactly in love with the ukrainian gov ' t seeing how i 've spent enough time there to know how bad it is ( roughly yeltsin level ) but i mean , surely an invasion can make even a subpar gov ' t sympathetic ? 
  damn , where do you live ? 
  i was born in soviet chernovtsi just as it was about to become ukrainian , but i do n't have any family there , so have n't really visited since 2004 . 
  was kinda toying visiting ukraine as a holiday , really loved karapati , one of the most beautiful places in europe imo . 
  priorities mate !, 
  bet you 're jealous of our independence and how we 're one of the last two nations who can tell us to go fuck itself . 
  now are you gon na finish that restaurant meal ? ... 
  erdogan could only dream of obama 's sense and honour , or his intelligence ... on the other hand , he does not , his type do n't wish for those things . 
  anybody could do what erdogan did . 
  the question is , how much can you gain from doing so ? 
  if the us could do something that would actually unseat putin from his power , i 'd cheer them on . 
  but what can us do that 's constructive in the case of the su-24 flying over a ship ? 
  us never stopped doing fucky shit in the latin america . 
  after the cuban missile crisis , russia understood that it was us backyard . 
  russia will do fucky shit in the baltics . 
  such is life . 
  screaming about russia posturing in its backyard is naive . 
  calling for a shootdown makes you sound like a teenager with more hormones than brain . 
  what did machiavelli say ? 
  * `` upon this , one has to remark that men ought either to be well treated or crushed , because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries , of more serious ones they can not ; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge . 
  '' * shooting down a russian plane is a total destruction of relations with russia and one should only do it if they have a good plan of how to dismantle the current regime in russia . 
  otherwise you just escalate things and hurt both sides without gain . 
   `` moldovans '' , which is a stalinist propaganda invention for undermining the bond between romanians in bessarabia and the rest of the motherland . 
  belarusian and pretty much all of the central asian former ssrs are propaganda inventions of the 20th century . 
  ukraine is an invention of 19th century ( belorossiya sorta started in the 19th century too , but that was mostly the dialect being codified , belarusian nationalism was very limited to a few upper class intellectuals ) thing about it though , now that they 're countries , you ca n't really ignore them unless you 're agreeing with putin that crimea was a 100 % just takeover . 
  after all , crimea transfer was a propaganda invention of a 1950s ukrainian soviet dictator who did n't mind giving it away because it was never imagined that they would separate . 
  yeah , amen . 
  when i was in my early teens gryvna was 1usd = 5uah . 
  500uah was 100usd , well , slightly less , but almost there . 
  nice and neat , seeing how americans do n't circulate more than their benjamins anymore . 
  now it 's crazy when i go back to my hometown of chernovtsi ... 
  feels like monopoly money ... before you ask , rubles were always monopoly money to me as a kid , i was very much fixated on values of currency as a kid , even though in reality of course mainly the stability matters , not so much the value . 
  sadly my country is full of nationalistic morons who do n't read their history . 
  : / it 's doubly bad when you were a history major yourself ( but at an ami uni because studying history in russia is a joke ) . 
  we fucked up right where we did n't emulate germans in their treatment of hitler . 
  now stalin was n't quite as bad as hitler as you will learn in history , but stalin had more time so he had more impact . 
  we should have been taught to have been ashamed of him . 
  but he was swept under a rug and now that swept up rubbish is reappearing . 
  too bad communism could not admit one of its failures because now we are paying with dividends for it . 
  u should get a phd in polisci , they cud learn a lot from u. 
  or better yet let them keep their passports thinking they 're fine and then issue a warning to all law enforcement/border force officers to detain them . 
  then throw them on trial and then prison . 
  if you revoke their passport they just get stuck in syria where they will possibly plan more terror attacks . 
  i love how everyone on here acts some minor thing such as monitoring citizens ( which let 's face it , will always happen thanks to modern technology ) is literally dictatorship but literally dictatorship is perfectly okay because ` hurr durr let us kill dem terrorists ' . 
  you know how broad ` terrorism ' definition can become eventually ? 
  there is no reason to strip their citizenship if you could just give them life in prison .
