  time and time i repeat that i do not use anything germans did to justify stalin . 
  there is a difference between justification and comparison however . 
  lot of things in history are bad . 
  some are worse than others . 
  a crucial subtlety , lest we be like the neo-nazis who criticise us for dresden whilst overlooking the whole bouquet of nazi germany . 
   when you see `` sjws '' consistently spouting `` kill all cis-gender white male shitlords '' ( i still do n't know/understand what cis means and i hope i never do ) , can you really be surprised that a website consisting of mostly : get off reddit mate , unsub from / r/tumblrinaction or / r/mensrights or wherever you see this . 
  i went through college , yeah . 
  i 've met many feminists . 
  i can assure you , your posts show a pattern that 's very common to people who fell under the influence of far-right scaremongers . 
  sjws may get too excited about social justice , but that 's better than a neckbeard who goes the full reactionary and actively fights against any social progress . 
  i am looking at you , tia . 
  a sub that started humorous is now with full earnestness discusses how nazis were better than sjws . 
  real life people do n't tend to be so easily stereotyped as redditors or the caricatures reddit makes of sjws/feminists . 
  for what it 's worth , tumblr is a very diverse site that has a much less circlejerkey design and overall is generally friendlier than reddit . 
  reddit by now has become an extremely insular and circlejerkey shitehole , i 've had to create several accounts because there are people here who take shit too seriously , whether giving me shit for being gay , russian or socially progressive , just to give three main types of stalkers i 've had in the past here . 
  that also includes srd links that unfortunately got me shadowbanned because once i forgot to not vote . 
   these people live in a completely different reality and are incredibly aggressive and violent toward us - through no direct fault of our own . 
  any other response than `` bashing '' them would be wrong . 
  look at the mirror man . 
  like really , `` kill white cis male shitlords '' is a huge joke on tumblr , with only a few actual crazies supporting it . 
  which pale compared to toxic subs like / r/coontown , / r/mensrights or / r/theredpill on reddit . 
  * which brings me to my main problem with people who complain about sjws : their obsession is very right-wing , it overlooks the dangerous racists and ultranationalists only to focus on some hippie-feminists who went too loony but will never actually harm anyone irl . 
  how many men kill in the name of racism , nationalism or other stuff ? 
  and then how many female feminists claim the lives of men ? 
  oh , i see , you 're an / r/badhistory regular :p hence why i have +7 by your name according to res  wehraboo is my favourite term from that sub , there are so many of those on reddit and internet in general alas ...  then an eastern european shows up and says their grandma told them the german occupiers were all swell young men , unlike those evil russians . 
  every day occurrence on / r/europe any time history is brought up . 
  literally top comments on some threads feature a pole/romanian/balt / ukrainian giving an anecdote of their grandparents treated well by germans and soviets being murderous , evil savages . 
  i mean , sure , that happened a lot too , but it 's so selfish in regards to history . 
  some survived , but many got killed , depending on the ethnicity . 
  issue is , propellant deteriorates at higher temperatures faster , but even at lower ones the propellant is still bad . 
  propellants are by design unstable , they just are n't made to last . 
  they 're for the purpose of being really , really compact and stable during their shelf life and yet able to provide a lot of thrust in a very quick amount of time . 
  wonders of engineering . 
  30 yrs max , 20 yrs average , but nobody uses 30yr old stuff officially . 
  i have no idea how long the newer ones last , rpg 2x and 3x series are new enough to where they 're all 25 years old max and possibly still usable . 
  i know that many more complex western systems only have 10 or so years of ideal shelf life . 
  yep , know lots of muslims in the us . 
  they all hate ksa , they 're spoiled brats to them , with a very regressive branch of islam . 
  i know mostly indian , pakistani , turkish , afghani , persian , iraqi and several lebanese and jordanian muslims . 
  working for an immigration law firm acquainted me with a lot of them . 
  i 've met some saudis too , not many however . 
  they were religious , but did not wish to go back to ksa , they preferred us for its greater freedom . 
  their women wore khimar , for the older ones and a liberal shayla for the younger ones in their teens and twenties . 
  at the same time , the men were dicks to women , every one i met . 
  some more subtle than others , but i quickly gathered from them all that they were not very progressive in terms of women 's right . 
  i know ` dick ' is a bit of a strong word to describe century-old traditions , i bet i would be a ` dick ' if i were to be raised there , but that 's just how i felt about it . 
  their treatment of women was less respectful than they would treat their cars/pets sometimes . 
  stuff like ` women are dumb ' , ` we men are so much better ' or ` watch me hit on this girl in a highly inappropriate manner because of her looks/clothing ' . 
  sjws are a manufactured pile of bullshit , in the sense that there is no ` sjw disease ' . 
  sjw is a wholly meaningless term these days , doubly so on reddit . 
  to be a sjw is to be an activist . 
  if i say anything moderately progressive on reddit , i am courting the epithet , and i will most certainly receive it from the goodsirs here . 
  youth activism in the 1960s and 1970s was far more radical and yet i do n't see many people calling them sjws . 
  people on reddit really have no sense of history , though why should i single out reddit , it 's a common problem ... 
  still , reddit rants a great deal about sjws . 
  so much so that really , reddit in essence became what they claim to hate so much . 
  the abyss stares into you sort of a thing . 
  the nastiest sort of sjws - reactionary trolls . 
  riled up over minor little details , just as the sjws that reddit claims to hate . 
  reddit will go up in arms at the slightest mention of feminism , quite frequently . 
  so much so that we 've passed the point of where it can be considered reasonable and veered off into the lunacy of the fringe . 
  reddit 's views on feminism can no longer be compatible with anything other than a far-right party . 
  before i get the usual `` reddit is a diverse group of many people blah blah '' reddit is overwhelmingly white , young , male , middle-class and largely american . 
  and we have votes . 
  votes determine the most popular ideas . 
  bashing sjws and feminism certainly ranks highly here . 
  heh , i hope you are n't sarcastic , but it sounds like you are n't . 
  i doubt most people read what i write , i usually get complaints that it 's a large wall of shit , but i can assure anyone , nothing brief can be said about something this complex , especially not if one went through the exhaustive writing preparation of a history education . 
  western euros and americans tend to receive my posts well in general , but eastern euros , not so well . 
  i know why obviously , eastern europe suffered under the ussr , us and western europe did not . 
  unfortunately it is very hard to be objective about something when you were the victim of that said thing -- but at the same time , the primary demographic of this sub is so young that most have n't even lived under ussr . 
  at this point , it 's just the poor level of history education that 's at fault here ( all the eastern euro nations substitute history with propaganda , be it russia , ukraine , baltic countries , poland , etc ) , as well as unwillingness to consider history dispassionately . 
  all explosives have a certain stable shelf life even under ideal conditions . 
  especially propellants . 
  using expired ammo can lead to very unfortunate accidents such as cook-offs or failure to actually launch the projectile . 
  the rpg-7 has a propellant that expires fairly quickly , it is not a stable compound like any common propellant . 
  rpg-7 can not last 30yrs and i am not even sure how well they last for 20yrs , it depends on how they were stored . 
   you little smartass . 
  finally complimenting me  i preen !, 
  you seemed like you took me for a propagandist , well , umm , i dunno , because of your language that you used with me . 
  i guess now you 've rethought that . 
  let 's call it progress , shall we ? 
  at least you 're not glenn-beck-level intentionally dumb . 
  i do n't think glenn beck is dumb , he just posits absurd things on purpose because real debate is * hard * . 
   your ego of course . 
  you 're here to gain the satisfaction of `` winning '' whatever it means for you . 
  so you 're regressing from your previous accusation of me being a propagandist shill and now i 'm just a dick with an ego ? 
  so then , do you owe me an apology ? 
    your disdain for brevity and clarity is not due to your appreciation of nuance and you know it . 
  it 's my personal style of writing , i developed it studying history . 
  there is no simple way to discuss ussr vs nazi germany in an easily digestible two-liner . 
  would you care to share your credentials with me ? 
  or are you just an armchair expert on every subject , i take ? 
   your point is to sell your bullshit to create the `` new-normal '' using deceptive discussion techniques . 
  who is that supposed to benefit ? 
  i 'm trying to retrace the convoluted lines you drew in your head . 
  i literally can not see what party i am benefitting here . 
  has it not come to you that i 'm just a history enthusiast who argues for what they believe in ? 
  this is sounding asinine , do n't you have chemtrails to worry about ? 
  do you realise that 99.9 % of reddit is just people who care about something personally ( despite all the ` shills ' accusations ) and that most countries really does n't care about influencing how neckbeards of reddit think ?
