  i wonder if we 'll experience a shift in a few decades just as english did . 
   was katyn a part of crating this buffer zone ? 
  no , that 's the part that i said was terrible and evil . 
  i do n't believe you actually read my post , so why do you feel that i should be obligated to even reply to you if you do n't bother reading my replies ? 
  for reference , a quote from my comment that you replied to :  i 'm not getting around it . 
  it was a terrible thing . 
  i 'm not justifying it , though it may sound so . 
  i 'm only saying that it was the least bad choice ussr or any other country in its place would have made . 
  does n't mean that it is n't evil . 
  it is . 
  what was more evil was how stalin repressed those nations once he took control of them . 
  however , the molotov ribbentrop pact is n't some sort of a satanic pact that makes ussr responsible for war . 
  it is a pact that any country would have made in the place of ussr . 
  stalin did n't want the polish military , he had no faith in it . 
  he knew poles would n't cooperate after being invaded . 
  so he disposed of anyone who was smart enough to oppose him in a dangerous way , thus the slaughter of the officers . 
  cut off the head and the chicken flops around . 
  yes , that 's why stalin was a brutal and evil dictator . 
  not defending him . 
  however , you 're wrong here :  one would think having a solid military between yourself and your enemy would be a better buffer than partaking in dismantling the buffer state and murdering its military officers , which meant wiping out the educated class , creating a border with the country you 're allegedly trying to defend yourself from . 
  that reaks of your own imperial ambitions , not defensive ones . 
  i do n't understand in what world you live in , but a proud country with a strong and rich national identity that was just occupied is n't gon na help the occupier . 
  what stalin did was to brutally pacify the country in the only way he knew . 
  once occupied , poland was guaranteed to resist , so he cut off the heads of potential leaders . 
  a logical step , but a brutal one . 
  the only way to avoid it would have been not to invade poland . 
  which was the morally correct choice of course , but stalin was n't interested in morals . 
  he was interested only in what benefitted his geopolitical situation the most . 
   ussr had a buffer against germany and molotov-ribbentrop destroyed it . 
  poland was no buffer , read some declassified archives of the politburo . 
  they expected poland to crumple right away should hitler invade . 
  joint forces of uk and france crumpled quite fast , you think poland would have done better instead of worse ? 
  stalin made a major blunder , he did not expect hitler to invade ussr right after ussr took that part of poland . 
  in that , you 're right , stalin would have been better off leaving poland as it was than invading it but only * if * hitler declared war on ussr and poland at the same time . 
  if hitler invaded poland and took it , then waited for a year and invaded ussr , ussr would unprepared . 
  so in short , stalin needed a pact that would have allied him with uk , france and poland , thus forcing hitler to declare war on all four at once . 
  i 'm not sure why you have n't done so already , but you 're free to google for politburo 's attempts to secure a military pact with france and uk . 
  i do n't come from a deterministic point of view . 
  i come from an educated one . 
  i majored in history in a us university . 
  first loyno , then vcu . 
  antiquities was my focus , but i took quite a few upper level modern history classes as well . 
  wwii was inevitable once hitler took power . 
  everything hitler did was to prepare germany for war . 
  the guy was obsessed with waging war on europe . 
  it is stunning to me that you could be so ignorant of the motives of one of the most evil men of the 20th century . 
  i can understand ignorance about stalin , he was a more secretive and complex man of evil . 
  however , hitler had written manifestos , diaries , personal speeches , private recorded conversations , plans , etc. 
  he has been studied ad nauseum in history . 
  we know his plans . 
  they were to conquer europe and eliminate pretty much all slavs save for a portion that was to remain as slaves until aryans bred enough to replace them . 
  molotov ribbentrop was a cynical result of the ussr 's partial awareness of hitler 's plans . 
  ussr knew hitler would take all of eastern europe up to the soviet borders . 
  the choice was to have hitler right on the border or to get a free buffer zone . 
  are you being intentionally misleading by implying that ussr should have simply let hitler grab all that land because of some conceited 21st century viewpoint of some moralist or do you actually believe that ? 
  what choice do you think any other country in the place of ussr would have made ? 
  hitler wanted war and the pact was just a temporary time-buying device . 
  stalin was wrong however in his incorrect estimate of how much time it would buy . 
  i 'm not getting around it . 
  it was a terrible thing . 
  i 'm not justifying it , though it may sound so . 
  i 'm only saying that it was the least bad choice ussr or any other country in its place would have made . 
  does n't mean that it is n't evil . 
  it is . 
  what was more evil was how stalin repressed those nations once he took control of them . 
  however , the molotov ribbentrop pact is n't some sort of a satanic pact that makes ussr responsible for war . 
  it is a pact that any country would have made in the place of ussr . 
  if you have the time you can read about politburo 's efforts to secure a pact with france and uk . 
  which failed . 
  ussr was a pariah state from day one , invaded by the west during the civil war to uphold the monarchy which kept us feudal . 
  but even a pariah state needs to make some agreements with its neighbors , if the west was n't going to guarantee joining ussr in a war against hitler then ussr would have to buy time to prepare for the war alone . 
  uk had the channel , that was its buffer . 
  france * wished * it had buffers , but they had to make do taking alsace and lorraine as well as creating the maginot line whilst depending on belgium and netherlands to serve as speed bump buffers . 
  sweden was a minor power , now you 're just arguing in bad faith , being intentionally dense . 
  if you wish to see how touchy nations get when their own buffers are violated , check out us in cuba . 
  after us placed offensive missiles in turkey it flipped when ussr put some in cuba , that only recently survived an invasion . 
  powerful nations tend to do this all the time , because they can . 
  this is n't a justification , it is a statement of fact . 
  historians do n't write history by framing each geopolitical ction of a historical power in moral terms . 
  keep in mind i am talking about wwii history here , not modern day which is a somewhat different situation , where nato is nowhere comparable to nazi germany . 
  historically big countries divide small countries , have you never picked up a history book ? 
  no big country with power in history has ever stayed polite and peaceful , that is n't how it works . 
  especially when you 're in a shit situation and you are expecting a major war soon , this necessitating carving out buffer zones to protect your proper . 
  one of the main reasons for the failure of ussr to get the military pact with france and uk was that the latter two were still deluded enough to believe that war could be prevented . 
  they miscalculated hitler . 
  they knew his plans , sure , he wrote of them in mein kampf , but they believed he would go east and take poland , then ussr . 
  ussr knew this too , which is why it wanted a strong military pact that would ensure an attack on both fronts of germany . 
  poland also wanted a strong military pact and it had it , except that uk and france were perfectly content wiping their arse with that agreement in gopes hitler would n't touch them and stalin was perfectly content wiping his arse with poland 's sovereignty because the politburo had no faith in poland being able to stand up to wehrmacht . 
  you can act sanctimonious all you want from your high moral pulpit or you can accept the reality of the brutal state of 1930s euro geopolitics . 
  swallow others or be swallowed . 
  now , putin is a different case . 
  he 's bullshitting hard . 
  but when this sub starts to downvote historical realities in their blind hatred of anyone russian even when the russian is n't a putinbot is when i simply laugh and understand that we 're all the same really , people are equally dumb in all countries . 
  russia is swimming in propaganda while eu has free media but it 's ok because people manage to be equally ignorant in both places . 
  why is it that after 70 years of scholarship this bullshit is still trotted out ? 
  if you 're a country that has a first choice of having an expansionistic nazi regime right next to you or having the second choice of a buffer zone , what do you pick ? 
  second one of course . 
  especially since the world was a crazy place in 1938 and a war was brewing ? 
  your modern bias is evident here , 1938 was a scary time , not peaceful like our days . 
  countries and regimes could disappear in a blink back then .
