  it 's wonderful how a united country can be formed when you genocide the pesky greeks , armenians and kurds polluting it . 
  / s *** ehh , speaking as someone born in chernovtsi ( can take a photo of my birth certificate if you wish ) , i 'd rather my people look up to and have the support of countries like poland who have a good history of managing their minorities and dealing with their state . 
  well , aside from that bit of unpleasant business with lithuania during the interwar period , but hey , not genocide eh ? 
   russia will still keep denying though . 
   they lied russian official statements were more worded towards the ` we were shot down over syrian airspace ' sort of a deal , but that 's just the start of the issue . 
  and the whole '17 second ' figure is a lie by the way , it was just a convenient number to make up because it was the highest amount of seconds the su24 could have theoretically been in the turkish airspace crossing that ~ 2-3km strip . 
  [ in reality it was very likely going far faster than its stall speed . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/669197395293523969 ) if you set such an unprecedented and strict rule of airspaces and act so smug over it , why do n't you walk the walk instead of just talking the talk and stop [ bombing kurds in syria ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/10/turkey-attacks-kurdish-fighters-syria-151027082432729.html ) , thus violating sovereign syrian airspace . 
  or stop [ violating armenian airspace with helicopters among other aircraft , which can not plausibly clip airspace for a few seconds like a jet can ] ( http://massispost.com/2015/10/turkish-military-helicopters-violate-armenias-airspace/ ) , i think after genociding and expelling them from your country they 've had enough of your gregarious nature . 
  and perhaps tone down incursions into the greek airspace , although i suppose since you 're both nato members that 's your family business or whatever . 
  also perhaps instruct your [ grey wolves turkish national proxies ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3u6im0/the_turkmen_commander_alparslan_%c3%a7elik_who_shot_at/ ) that even the russian-backed terrorists in donbass have standards of not shooting pilots , screaming jesus akbar and then beheading them ? 
  you can blame russia all you want , but until you see russians shooting a parachuted us pilot , screaming ` jesus akbar ' and beheading them , i think i will safely ignore your smug attitude and relax knowing that at the very least the russian vacationers have an inkling of civilisation in them unlike the turkish vacationers who run around like savages and then get hailed as heroes back home , not facing any prosecution . 
   no russian soldiers in crimea and ukraine . 
  or how they denied the downing of mh17 shall i trot out the long list of lies and the longer list of turkish violations of international law ? 
  including your continued occupation of an eu country under a far flimsier excuse ? 
  i can easily play this game . 
   even kurds benefit despite having to fight them i would disagree . 
  assad benefits greatly but very indirectly from isis , as it puts him in a better position to spin the narrative of `` you 're either with me or with terrorists '' , but kurds themselves were already living in a de-facto independent state in iraq since '91 and in syria the government is weakened enough by the rebels without isis having to weaken it again . 
  kurds have suffered enormously under isis . 
  i do n't think any kurd would agree with you here and frankly if we were talking about some western group , your comment would be absurdly offensive . 
  i guess jews have benefited from the nazis despite being genocided because now they have their own state / s. 
  however , we do n't seem to have the same standards for middle eastern people here on / r/europe . 
  i guess even kurds are n't white enough ... 
  turkey literally complained to assad when he shot down your airplane two years ago , stating that it was an extreme and unnecessary measure . 
  you 'd expect some sort of consistency at least ... russia has never attacked turkey . 
  we did not shoot down your aircraft incurring on armenian territory that we are stationed to protect . 
  your incursions in armenia were even performed with helos , which is no accident at all like the clipping of that strip for 5secs ( if using the non-stall speed of the su24 ) . 
  shall we shoot all your aircraft then ? 
  how much would you whine if we did that a few years ago , as we had all the legal right to do so ? 
  just because some things are technically legal , most civilised nations understand that there are unspoken rules against . 
  even donetsk rebels captured ukrainian pilots and soldiers without shooting them , repatriating all but one ( admittedly stuck in a farce of a kangaroo court , but still alive ) . 
  same can not be said apparently of your proxy group , the grey wolves whose leader conveniently filmed himself doing so . 
  do you get mad when people call you savages because you are ? 
  or do you only complain about russians whilst having absolutely zero self-awareness ? 
  it was n't even 17 seconds , that would be below the stall speed of the su24 as wikileaks itself noted in their tweet following their initial leak . 
  more likely it was around 5 seconds following the standard cruising speed of the su24 . 
  why does turkey feel that it has the right to bomb kurds in syria and fly over armenia , whom it genocided not too long ago and still has border clashes with , along with denying the said genocide ? 
  if turkey wishes 5-second violations to become the new standard of ` open fire ' , then let 's start by applying that rule on them . 
   turkmen people who are ethnically and linguistically turkic . 
  also terrorists who are actually turkish citizens who operate under the approval of the turkish government and then shoot the pilot ( the grey wolves leader ) . 
  even the donbass rebels released 99 % of its prisoners taken , save for a few regrettable examples , such as savchenko ( who is undergoing a kangaroo trial , but at least not a summary execution ) . 
   i guess you guys want turkey to go from `` supporting isis '' to `` directly supporting russia in keeping assad save '' . 
  turkey has a very loose interpretation of ` airspace ' itself and regularly violates it with greece , armenia and syria . 
  logic would dictate that they remain consistent and allow far less egregious offences slip if they are to maintain their modus operandi . 
  live and let live sort of a deal . 
  unlike turkey bombing syria , russia is not bombing turkey . 
   nevertheless , if russia did n't want to have its airplane being shot down , it had to stay out of turkish airspace . 
  turkey regularly bombs targets in syria , shells the kurds and even allows isis to pass through its lines to strike the civilian rear of kurds ( see kobane ) . 
  it also literally massacres kurdish villages inside its border and illegally occupies an eu member state ( cyprus ) . 
  it prods greece even more often with airspace violations than russia does in the entire sum of all of its violations . 
  consider that in your personal quest against russia you 're ignoring a nation that is russia with even less scruples but far more protection from its misdeeds due to its grandfathered status as a nato member . 
  erdogan himself complained loudly when syria shot down his jet was it two years ago ? 
  stating that there was ` no need for such extreme measures ' ? 
  where is his restraint in syria and armenia for instance ? 
  russia had the capability to shoot down his planes in both of those countries , which russia protects on the behest of their respective legitimate governments . 
  russia has refrained from doing so , however , as even putin has a ( partial ) measure of rationality . 
  i would say it is extremely simplistic to say that ` russia should just stay out of turkish airspace ' . 
  russia passed for '17 seconds ' according to the wikileaked letter that the turks themselves wrote -- however to pass that 2km for that long of a time you 'd need to operate at practically stall speed of the su24 , wikileaks itself noted that it was very unlikely it was actually there for 17 seconds . 
  if russia shoots any turkish aircraft that strays into armenia or syria where russia has the mandate to protect , turkey would be losing dozens of planes . 
  you could make that statement about nearly anything . 
  russian empire did not dissolve , it underwent a revolution following a * world war * . 
  then it reorganised into a much more powerful entity . 
  ussr dissolved , but it was n't such an old entity itself and it was very much disunited -- it was quite literally split into 14 different republics . 
  some of which were similar , but some not at all . 
  during ussr the most independent-minded of the countries had active armed groups and periods of independence from russia . 
  right now the only area that fits this bill is chechnya . 
  dagestan , if you remember , defended itself from the chechen invasion which precipitated the second chechen war . 
  russia * could * in theory fall apart , but it would likely need foreign intervention as well . 
  even the bolsheviks were funded and aided by the second german reich at first . 
  however , currently eu and us both have quite an interest in maintaining a single russia . 
  russia has been sufficiently weakened after ussr not to be an extremely serious threat but not weakened enough to fall apart into very dangerous chaos . 
  us and eu will most certainly be * exceedingly * averse to chaos in russia . 
  too many weapons , too many people , too close to the rest of europe . 
  people who say that ` history repeats itself ' are smug amateurs who never seriously studied history in a scholarly setting . 
  any history professor worth their salt will tell you that history may ` rhyme ' at times and there are individual lessons that can be learned , but the whole adage of it repeating itself is erroneous , it 's just too easy to create similarities when you 're trying to force a connection that does n't exist . 
  most famously all of those people looking at roman empire for any clues for modern use . 
  i do n't think people here understand who turchinov is . 
  he has a history of such statements and nobody took this one seriously , everyone i know laughed at it ( i was born in ukraine myself , i know him too ) . 
  this is just yellow journalism really , but since the members of this sub do n't know turchinov they 're taking him seriously . 
  i know he 's not nearly as bad as zhirinovski , but people in our lands know who is who . 
  if poroshenko said this for instance , it would be a different matter . 
  he is a serious man and chooses his words carefully . 
  turchinov and to a somewhat lesser degree yatsenyuk are less measured and more prone to saying what few believe in . 
  sounds nothing like russian or arabic , having spoken russian for my entire life and having had childhood friends who spoke the latter . 
  i could see elvish of course , tolkien did model it on keltic languages , as do so many works after him . 
  i mean , he did pretty much create the high fantasy genre and all of its cliches . 
  in the witcher world for instance ( having read the books ages ago and then play tw3 when it came out ) has the elves speaking a mix of latin and keltic languages . 
  al nusra and al qaeda are not even in the same league as hezbollah and the iranian rg . 
  that 's like saying russia is as totalitarian as china . 
  in china people are sent to labour camps and executed , all in secret . 
  in russia gulags were abolished in the late 50s and death penalty in the early 2000s , the gov ' t does n't jail people for tweets and unless you 're famous , you can criticise the gov ' t all you want . 
  hezbollah was a reaction to literal israeli settlement encroachment and the invasion of lebanon , which is very much illegal and disproportionate in the amount of force it uses to respond . 
  most nations that get invaded typically form resistance movements . 
  rg meanwhile was formed to counter the us-installed brutal shah-dictator and his deadly savak . 
  would not have been necessary if the west allowed iran to remain democratic in the 50s . 
  it was then instrumental in defending against iraqi aggression , funded primarily by the west ( but also at times by the ussr ) . 
  it 's very difficult to do the same with al nusra or al qaeda . 
  the latter has some vague statements of resistance against the ` west ' but whereas rg and hezbollah target actual external enemies , al qaeda lashed out at exclusively civilian or peaceful targets for a while . 
  it is true that hezbollah and rg have many ignominious deeds on their record , but there is a lot more to them than just that . 
  not so with the other two .
