   russians are not indigenous to crimea , they should not get to decide such geopolitical decisions anyway . 
  you just said yourself the cut-off was before ` modern international law ' . 
  so when the ` modern international law ' came to be , russians were indigenous to crimea . 
  tatars were a minority . 
  the 1926 census lists ukrainians at 10 % , tatars at 25 % and the rest russian . 
  so you ca n't even say that it was stalin 's deportations of tatars that made crimea russian . 
  it was politically , culturally and ethnically russian during the 20th century . 
   and that 's why your country will never have a civilized government . 
  lol , because apparently imperialism makes you ` uncivilised ' , that 's rich considering that uk and us are probably the most ` civilised ' nations by the reckoning of the world and they spent their 20th century being imperialist . 
  there is very little correlation here . 
  why do powerful nations seek power if not to impose their will on others ? 
  crimea is a tricky situation though , i would n't call its seizure an imperialist action . 
  i would call the way in which it was done a very imperialist thing , but the fact of crimea returning russia itself is not imperialist , rather how it was done . 
  having crimea back in russia in itself is not bad to me . 
   and what ? 
  real wealth is not generated by mutual cutting nails and buying comsumer goods on credit in china . 
  sorta is actually . 
  there is no such thing as ` real wealth ' . 
  us is wealthy and relatively healthy because of its vibrant internal market wherein people exchange a lot of money on services . 
  russia is falling behind because we do n't have as much of that . 
  us having a trade deficit is n't the worst of things , in fact in some ways it can be good . 
  for instance , it means it 's not as vulnerable as germany or japan are to a global downturn in trade . 
   that 's why our elected congress declared independence . 
  politicians love to have their own fiefdoms so they can be even more corrupt without central oversight . 
  several of the soviet republics voted majority for the new federalised constitution in a popular vote but then the politicians chose to separate from the union . 
  only republics that actually voted against the new soviet federal constitution were the baltics for obvious reasons and the georgians because of that bloody massacre that the soviet troops perpetrated . 
   that was an excuse . 
  independent chechen government repeatedly offered a crack-down on islamists together but russia just used the chaos it has created as an excuse and invaded chechnya . 
  come on , you know that it 's not how it works . 
  what country that is n't a total sniveling pussy does not invade a neighbour that permits such terrorism to be cultivated within its boundaries ? 
  us invaded afghanistan for one person , iraq under a flimsy excuse of nonexistent wmds . 
  we actually invaded chechnya because you literally invaded us , in considerable numbers . 
  and you know , also several bombings . 
  it 's not an ` excuse ' , no country would tolerate what happened in dagestan without retaliating with a counter-invasion . 
  why should we ` crack down on islamists together ' as you say , as if we are responsible for your own state security ?? 
  why should we shed blood and money for a mess you could not clean up on your own ? 
  you want your independence , then act like you 're a real country . 
  since you could not ( even with us paying your pensions and all ) , we moved back in . 
  we were n't going to waste our troops cleaning up that mess only to get another mess in 4 years . 
  you know full well i 'm right here because no self-respecting country would allow something like that . 
  can you imagine the us allowing texas to secede and then tolerating texan rednecks invading mississippi and then still leaving texas alone ? 
  absurd !, 
  not to mention , imagine how well a russian intervention would work if russian troops had their hands tied on the account of being in a foreign nation and subordinate to chechen command ? 
  either we would n't be effective at all or our indiscriminate weaponry would rile up the people for another lovely all-out war . 
   on the paper , and for some few corrupt folks . 
  and how far do you think you would have gotten on your own ? 
  look at the post-soviet republics that were n't entirely different like the baltics and tell me how successful they are and how such a tiny polity as chechnya with such a heavy problem of militancy and islamism would do ? 
  you have far higher gdp per capita ( ppp ) than tajikistan and kyrgyzstan , about the same as uzbekistan . 
  and although i know it is per capita , your area is quite small at 17k sq km , so there is n't that much potential unless you turn into a uae or dubai for some reason , which i do n't see happening . 
  i do understand that i 'm still wrong to argue this because in theory you should have your own self-determination to make your own destiny , for better or worse , but realistically speaking after dagestan that was n't happening . 
  we do n't need an unmanageable powderkeg at our border . 
   i doubt if anyone wants to be part of russia , even just because of the treatment that nation gets from kadyrov . 
  it 's also correct that moscow sends money to chechnya , and other republics . 
  what is n't correct is , it 's for keeping chechens content : it 's basically for keeping kadyrov and kadyrovites to content . 
  kadyrov is a leader that 's strong enough to keep all of the militants in check . 
  did mashadov keep them in check ? 
  how uncorrupt do you think the chechen leadership be without russia , do you think ? 
  realistically speaking . 
  they were russian from the times of the russian empire of the 19th century , what are you talking about ? 
  until khrushchev transferred crimea in the 1950s they were russian . 
  and after they were russian too , the whole transfer was a soviet joke , nobody thought ukraine would actually separate . 
  it 's been russian for a while . 
  of course , before that in the early 1700s it was crimean , but crimeans were invaders too , i do n't see why they should hold the original claim . 
  they built a slave empire that raided ukraine and russia and was feared by all slavs up to poland for a long time . 
  so i 'm not about to shed tears for their claim to the peninsula which they gained with fire and sword . 
  seizure was illegal sure , but ukraine quashed the two referendums that crimeans had during ukraine , so it 's not like ukraine was respecting the will of the people and not as if there was any ` legal ' way to do it , to answer all those people who say `` well it would be ok if crimea joined russia , but not like this '' . 
  i 'll condemn putin to my dying breath for shitting all over russia and turning us into an illiberal dictatorship , but i will never apologise for the re-joining crimea . 
  well , strictly speaking if erdogan did in fact allow putin to do such a thing , it would n't be surprising that without the state security agencies interfering the russians are capable of this . 
  and overall , state-ordered assassinations of non-political figures are n't that hard , are they ? 
  i 've seen excerpts from it , including the choicest ones . 
  i 've seen worse too , like what 's currently going on in russia , particularly around dugin . 
  btw , the ottoman empire especially under leaders like suleiman were incredibly socially progressive for their time , certainly far more so than europe of that day . 
  erdogan may be a bastard that he is , but at least the ottoman empire he is dreaming of was n't the worst . 
  again , putin 's dreams are far scarier . 
  ` dream borders ' is a meaningless phrase , almost every euro country has irredentism and turkey has their dreams too . 
  yeah , well , austrian and hungarian dream borders are also probably larger than their current ones , especially the hungarian dream borders as envisioned by orban . 
  and do n't tell me greeks never look fondly upon antiquity or ever covet ionia ( which to be fair even i feel like should be greek ) . 
  who does n't have dreams ? 
  what subject at hand ? 
  i answered to your absurd analogy , it is out of place . 
   do n't worry as long as russia pays kadyrov his tribute and bends over to take it from him he will allow rusdia to be stable . 
  i do n't entirely disagree with you here btw , i do partially agree that it 's in a way a shameful and a filthy deal . 
  however , it is pragmatic . 
  us finds dealing with pakistan very shameful and filthy too , but they have to , for reasons of pragmatism . 
  some places are just too important to be left to their own devices . 
  putin uses kadyrov as his hatchetman too , it 's quite useful . 
  on the other hand , kadyrov probably exceeds his permissions as well , which may inconvenience putin . 
  either way , it 's a mutual relationship , both need each other . 
  a very nasty one that speaks to the low state of my country , but still . 
  my replies here are very brief , i usually post far longer stuff , heh . 
  seriously , i find it triggering too , jesus christ was it an awful time to live , and i lived in western ukraine then . 
   there is no mention of ankara giving russia permission to carry out assassinations on turkish soil . 
  it 's quite possible there is a backroom deal of a sort , erdogan is pretty cozy with putin these days and there are allegations that russia warned him of the coup which may help explain his nearly schizophrenic shift after it . 
  i wonder if erdogan would allow this as it seems a bit damaging to his perceived nationalistic stance , but who knows . 
  erdogan would never publicly confirm such a deal , it would look really bad in front of his electorate . 
  we like to integrate our mafia and government , just as americans chose to integrate their corporations and government . 
  each reflects the personality of its respective nation :p, 
   usually weaker countries pay tribute not make bigger coubtries their bitch . 
  did your education on geopolitics stop after the mediaeval times ? 
  or is the us suddenly now the bitch of israel , egypt and maybe pakistan ?
