  i have family in moldova for instance , i know moldova is poor , but almost everyone there is either in russia or france , working abroad . 
  plenty of ukrainians work abroad too . 
  ethnic russian ukrainian citizens would have even more reason to go to russia . 
  that 's enough however , unfortunately . 
  tatars + ukrainians in krim are pretty much equal to the russian population there , no ? 
  \\  2014 \\  [ mfw ] ( http://imgur.com/skiegw1 ) some people still do n't know how greentext on reddit, 
  that ca n't be right , we 're usually reported to be the worst  _ < seriously , like , russians are n't even pleasant inside russia . 
  hah , i see we have n't met russian tourists then ? 
   it 's the bail-outs . 
  macroecon does n't work like disciplining a child . 
  the world economy would have a global meltdown if only the us alone failed to bailout a few banks . 
  the next great depression . 
  econ is a bitch , i know everyone hates paying for the mistakes of those rich buggers , but we have to , or else we want our job and growth market to hit the fritz , and i mean in a way that you could never imagine . 
  countries that delayed their own bailouts typically suffered . 
  in the time before bailouts and before the use of monetary policy ( think qe ) or manipulating interest rates , we tended to have depressions every ten years . 
  eh , banks had their hand in the crisis too . 
  they lent loans to the wrong people and under terms they knew the borrowers could not possibly satisfy . 
  they knew what they were doing too . 
  banks are supposed to self-regulate their loans because giving money out irresponsibly is well , irresponsible . 
  but they got greedy and wanted more profit at the cost of their own stability . 
  both sides fucked up . 
  it 's just that people are expected to be stupid and make financial decisions . 
  banks are expected to have more responsibility . 
  they are crucial institutions whose health determines the health of a national economy . 
  banks are supposed to regulate their own lending and lend responsibly . 
  they failed to do so , due to loosened regulations . 
  governments had a hand here too , they should have known that banks get greedy and people make stupid loan-related decisions . 
  it 's everyone 's fault , though i still prefer to blame it on the banks . 
  people are always financially irresponsible , you can not expect people to regulate themselves . 
  but banks are expected to do that . 
  and the loosening of the regulations was lobbied for by the financial institutions , so it 's not like the us government for instance simply slacked off . 
  they did work all right , just work in the wrong direction . 
   one of the most sensible things yeah , charging interest is evil , you 're right ... btw , good luck running an economy without loans and credit , 
  must have met you on some controversial thread where i went through the trouble of running by each post and upvoting it  i can rarely arse myself to upvote stuff , kinda lazy like that . 
  biffles :d edit : jesus christ , 288,000 comment karma ? 
  i 'm sure you have a few others like me ;p, 
  haha , anyway , i have +12 by your name , i have no idea what you did to earn that unless you 're from srs , because i upvote those folks quite a bit  _ <, 
  most russian men are ... ugh ... for instance , my face -- it 's not strikingly masculine . 
  it 's boyish , great if you 're trying to attract a daddy or someone who prefers twinks , but it 's not ruggedly handsome and it will never be such . 
  western men tend to have more rugged features , especially if they are younger and in-shape . 
  also take better care of themselves in certain western euro countries than men do in russia . 
  men 's clothing fashions back home make me want to shoot myself and i do n't even take interest in fashion . 
  it 's horrible . 
  and the macho russian culture blows a bag of dicks , in a bad way . 
  yeah , slavs in this thread are already getting butthurt -- and to be fair , they are czechs and plenty of czechs have more western traits . 
  also i prefer their culture anyway . 
  but that 's just how it is , phenotypes of various euro ethnicities are n't hard to discern . 
  lol , they linked to this thread ? 
  i know , it 's just that normally i am annoyed to find americans , they like to say things not welcome here :p they already have the rest of reddit , why invade this sub ? 
  subo has become an srser like me , i love that guy :d, 
  because you are straight ? 
  :p yeah , that 's a great reason to go to russia really . 
  women are really beautiful and even though the mail-order bride thing is n't as simple as ` order ' , you can still find plenty of women who prefer a western euro/ami guy to a russian one . 
  it 's like bumping up your hotness by 4 pts on a 10 pts scale . 
  just as long as you can find the right person of course , not everyone cares about this . 
  virginia , it 's pretty nice . 
  i 've lived in va , de , al , fl , tx , la. 
  it 's nice enough , the cities are really ugly and boring compared to home , but the people are nicer and the best part is the job market , which is better . 
  bastard ami , you hooah , what the hell are you doing here ?? 
  right , and yet it is n't hard to tell a russian by the look of his face usually . 
  i 'm in the states now , no problems with safety in that regard . 
  just lamenting that my country , while so famous for the women for some reason simultaneously has such relatively unattractive men imo . 
  slavic faces do n't make a male face attractive , the western/northern euro facial type does . 
  on the other hand , slavic phenotypes are perfect on women . 
  just my personal opinion , but it 's hard to not gawk at the rugged masculine german faces and then sigh when you go back to your country . 
  as for safety back home , i just have to watch myself a bit , although none of my friends or acquaintances care . 
  i still go back to visit , the family is there . 
  it 's more about not letting that slip in a bar , that 's asking to get your face beat up . 
  i 'd post some nice hot hunks in uniform but my country only has beautiful women , not many beautiful men , esp . 
  in uniform  _ < i 'm a russian cursed with the love of men in a country where men are n't so lovely and loving men is n't safe . 
  i feel a film reference here , so [ which one of these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/body_swap ) is it ? 
  damn , i read the alleged details of the saudi offer , tempting as fuck . 
  would do much good for russia . 
  too bad putin is proud and would never accede to a threat , especially from a less powerful nation . 
  surely the saudis knew better than to threaten putin ? 
  that would only goad his silly russian machismo to reject the offer , even if it was a tempting one . 
  then again , russia can not afford to renege on our alliances with questionable regimes , the rest of our questionable allies might start to get cold feet . 
  dropping the support of the assad regime would have to be very gradual and secretive . 
  it 's shitty all-around , but i still have family back in ukraine and moldova -- and while they complain about politics , the bottom line is that they are more concerned with price hikes on important necessities . 
  we are n't well-off like the western oecd nations , every increase in the bread , meat , gas , electricity prices -- all of this is a very real problem for us . 
  i 'd be more excited about ukraine coming closer to the eu if i did n't know what terrible leadership we have there , yanukovich will never move ukraine forward , it 's just against his every principle . 
  the entire old guard of the former soviet politicians needs to go , once they die off and retire ukraine may finally have a chance to step into the future . 
  i ca n't see ukraine moving forward otherwise , not with the curse of the ussr in its politics . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean about this , that 's kinda how foreign policy works ... 
  i lived in ukraine during the orange revolution , i 've seen my share of upheaval in ukraine first-hand . 
  powerful nations always sets conditions on the bribes they send out . 
  that 's how bribes work . 
  i think ukraine should stick closer to eu , there is little positive future with russia for it . 
  but at the same time the eu does n't seem to offer the concrete benefits that russia does , and it has far more conditions . 
  ukrainians are no different from russians , speaking as half ukrainian , half russian myself who lived in both places . 
  we 're truly brothers , virtually indistinguishable in character and culture . 
  both cultures are very dirty , our politics are a bunch of strongmen prancing around in various disguises . 
  ukraine is n't ready for the eu , especially not after yushchenko proved to be an ineffectual leader , despite his noble intentions and seemingly firmer personal integrity . 
   gulag meant an almost certain slow and painful death not sure where you are getting this from -- on my father 's side my grandmother 's father and her uncle both received 5yr sentences for various speculation-related activities , seeing how they were ` kulaks ' and owned quite a bit of cattle . 
  they both came back . 
  you must be a kid or a teen to talk so lightly of death . 
  try having a loved one maybe , see if it changes your outlook on death . 
  when you are married you will go through anything just to be with your wife and kids , if you have them . 
  even if your chances were smaller , you 'd still take them just for that small chance in the end to see your loved ones . 
  but people did n't go into gulags expecting to die , unless they received long sentences .
