  obviously ussr did n't to it to help poland , i 'm not saying you should be thankful to the ussr for that , fuck stalin , he deserves to rot . 
  even if he did some good , there is no need to thank him . 
  but it is wise to be mindful of what could have happen and what did not happen and why . 
  like i clarified , i meant liberating from nazis , not stealing from romania . 
  i know , i know , but ask my grandparents and they have a very different opinion . 
  and i meant , ' * liberate from the nazis * ' . 
  not the part where ussr stole bessarabia from romania . 
  they say that when romania ruled their land , times were shit . 
  schools were reserved for the rich , the rich did whatever they pleased , they killed the village boys in brawls and raped the village girls . 
  people lived in mud , shit and straw huts ( made from cow dung , river clay and straw from the fields ) . 
  people went through times of hunger every 5-10 years , not to mention never having enough food anyway . 
  my grandmother had no schooling . 
  my grandfather had only primary education at a priest 's school , he was a son of a wealthy peasant and the local butcher . 
  then the ussr came . 
  they loved it . 
  they got free schools , free education ( free even up to uni level to my parents ) , they got class equality , they got laws that protected them from rape and murder ( but of course , did not protect them from stalin 's brutality , my great-grandfather , the rich village butcher spent 5 yrs in the gulag ) . 
  my grandparents do n't seem to mind that gulag part anymore though , as surprising as it was . 
  they are so grateful for the quality of life that they got compared to the romanian regime that they have a very rosy view of the ussr . 
  my grandmothers even got pensions for being housewives ... how neat is that ? 
  obviously the gdp and the economy was kinda shit , but it was far better than what they had . 
  they had equality ( everyone got not too much , hah ) and stability . 
  they had guaranteed healthcare , guaranteed education , guaranteed jobs , guaranteed retirement . 
  to them , it was the most they could want . 
  my parents are different . 
  they grew up in the 60s-70s and their view is a bit more complex . 
  they agree that the stability was very nice , life was much more worry free . 
  at the same time of course , we 're quite well off now compared to back then , so we ` won ' so to speak after the collapse of the ussr . 
  however , many people did not ( in russia at least ) . 
  different countries are different . 
  poland and czech republic got really fucked by the ussr . 
  baltic countries even more to some degree . 
  romania , well , it depends on which part i guess . 
  i think the comparison on the chart is a bit disingenuous . 
  ukraine or belarus or romania would n't magically become as prosperous as western euro nations simply because of no communism . 
  different cultures and all . 
  however , yes , most of romania would be better off , especially without an idiot like ceausescu . 
  edit : btw , my grandparents hate romanians with all their soul . 
  our town berlintsi was in briceni raion . 
  our town was mostly jewish , everyone had some jewish-german ancestry . 
  most of us were massacred by the nazis . 
  but guess who did the dirty work ? 
  romanians of course . 
  rounded our village up to the bathhouse and shot everyone . 
  nazis watched , romanians did the dirty work . 
  my father 's grandparents escaped , my mother 's only partially escaped . 
  my father was n't jewish , my mother was however . 
  my father 's father recounts how he watched the romanians execute his best friend 's family and then finish his best friend off with rifle butts after the first volley blew his arm off . 
  the screams ... 
   i do n't think it 's specifically white privilege though , it 's just the human condition . 
  it 's a human condition , yes , but the reason why the term ` white privilege ' exists is because whites hold the position of power and wealth . 
  a citizen of maghreb also emphasises more with his kind , but he has little to no power or wealth . 
  it 's the sociological theory that racism = power + prejudice . 
  yes , blacks can be also prejudiced , but it is a bit inaccurate to call it ` racism ' because black prejudice does n't have any real societal effects on whites that hurt whites to any noticeable extent . 
   there 's nothing wrong with being human and people should n't be shamed for that , as long as in their actions they try to overcome the unfairness of the way their brains work . 
  i see where you 're coming from , but i 'd like to add a little correction : there is something wrong with this and we need to not only to make actions to overcome that , but to also admit that we have that and that it is wrong . 
  reddit is a good example of a demographic that 's largely in denial , i have doubts as to how well most redditors will integrated with a diverse community . 
  i understand that poles have no reason to be thankful , unfortunately russia fucked up poland far and wide ( for which i am deeply sorry , i hate stalin too , he fucked ussr up too ) , but i find it amusing how all the poles pretend that jews do n't exist . 
  a good portion of poles and balts on / r/europe say that stalin was worse than hitler , again , a very selfish comparison . 
  fucking infuriating at times , because of how bloody single-minded it is . 
  whilst my people got genocided until they nearly did n't exist , you had your gnp hurt , boo fuckin ' hoo . 
  i realise stalin also killed a lot of poles , but this thread is about gnp and there was no polish genocide ( not one perpetrated by the soviets anyway , nazis planned to eventually kill 2/3 slavs and enslave 1/3 , a fact that poles have a hard time grasping and also hitler planned the same for balts eventually , a fact that balts * never * seem to grasp ) . 
  i would be marked thrice for hitler : once for being jewish on my mother 's side , twice for being slav on my father 's side and thrice for being gay . 
  i can assure you , i have a very different opinion of nazis and the ussr liberating berlintsi , the town in northern moldova/bessarabia that ussr liberated . 
  well , sure , i know that 's how it works , but that 's really bad . 
  it 's a fundamentally racist thought pattern . 
  if you do n't emphasise with blacks as much as whites , you wo n't emphasise with them when they 're born and have lived in your country too . 
  they 're people like you too , but subconsciously they 're worth less to you . 
  reddit ( though not always / r/europe ) likes to deny that racism and white privilege exists , but only a cursory look at how most of us think can easily prove that wrong . 
  that 's funny , you 're gay too ? 
  what a coincidence 0_0 i do n't live in russia anymore though , us now . 
  personally , while i am sad that i can not be openly lgbt in russia , the situation in russia is hardly unique , i would n't think of being openly gay in ukraine either ( my mother is ukrainian , some friends of ours live there ) . 
  same goes for moldova , where my grandparents live . 
  being openly gay is a good way to get beat up really hard in all three countries . 
  of course , nobody on / r/europe mentions this , you 'd think ukraine is lgbt heaven and russia is mordor . 
  to be fair , i feel that ukraine will get better soon in terms of gay rights , ukraine is looking westwards after all , eventually some of the western liberal social values will rub off on it . 
  who knows . 
  doubt it will get much better . 
  ** note ** : i do n't necessarily agree with you on blaming the russian lgbt community however . 
  smells of victim blaming . 
  i know reddit loves to do that in regards to gays ( i 've given up on explaining why gay pride parades are important ) but there is a fine line to walk here . 
  yes , i think the russian gay community could find slightly less ` in your face ' ways to achieve its aims , but at the same time blaming them for situation is n't fair . 
  though i also agree that it is n't really a particular fault of putin here , in this case he 's only reflecting what the people feel about gays . 
  a shame too , ussr felt a bit more open in this regard , at least all sexuality was repressed , hah . 
  pfft , they 're not white , so they 're basically subhuman savages who do n't deserve our pity !, 
  only good , german lives matter . 
   it could be that without nazis stalin 's armies would go much further than germany ... the idea of exporting the revolution was n't dead before invention of nuclear weapons . 
  yeah , only if you ignore the whole history behind stalin and trotsky and their respective ideals about the future of the ussr ... trotsky may have made a much better leader , more liberal and possibly less repressive -- however he also favoured a worldwide revolution and that would have led to more wars . 
  stalin was more pragmatic , he only cared about revolution in one country , his personal fiefdom/torture chamber , aka the ussr . 
  he would expand to form a buffer zone perhaps , but not any farther than conquering poland and romania quite likely . 
  he knew he had to be careful not to piss off the west , i even wonder if he would have went as far as poland really . 
  he took poland in 1939 along with hitler because he had only two choices : let hitler do all the work and get a border with ussr even closer to moscow , or make a pact with hitler and get an extra buffer zone against hitler , also conveniently taking back what was lost in brest-litovsk , a sore point for russia . 
  i know a lot of poles will rag on how stalin was worse than hitler or the same as hitler and how the molotov-ribbentrop proved that he was just as bad of an aggressor as hitler , but a fact that mostly everyone here seems to overlook/deny is that ussr actually desperately tried to make a defensive pact with the west against hitler right before molotov-ribbentrop . 
  too bad the west actually hated stalin far more than hitler , a funny fucking fact when you consider how self-righteous the euros on this sub get about not supporting hitler and stalin supposedly supporting hitler . 
  west only wanted to steer hitler east , let him conquer poland and then ussr , thereby diverting his expansionist lust and taking out a communist ussr , which was deemed a bigger threat to the west . 
  sure , stalin was a mass-murdering maniac , i wo n't defend him at all there . 
  but the history of wwii is n't as simple as some people here make it . 
  west sold poland for a twopence , a false hope that hitler would devour you and move onto ussr instead of bothering the profits of the west . 
  fortunately the west is much better now , i 'm a very ardent eu supporter myself . 
  however , west was n't always as it is now , in the 1930s they were a bunch of pricks playing a cynical game of bleeding hitler against the east with no regard for the western allies in the east . 
   soviets did n't make 22 thousand tanks before the war just to defend themselves well , again , if you do n't read history at all it 's a lot easier to make assertions like this .
