  america already enjoys high popularity abroad , if it can cut down on its military actions , it can gain a lot more international alliances . 
  though i suppose the current situation is n't bad either . 
  this is n't the time for land grabs , china and siberia is more of that bullshit naysayer rumour machine that seeks to throw mud onto russia without any backing behind it . 
  if anything , china will seize mongolia ( tonnes of resources ) before it risks a conflict with the second most potent military in the world . 
  plus , china is more careful and smarter , it wo n't do something like that , not even mongolia . 
  they can work out trade deals that are more beneficial in the long run . 
  it 's higher than soviet levels by now however . 
  i was taking my info from the economist . 
  i 'm glad you feel that way , i 'm sure that you likewise applied the same logic to every last american because after all , bush jr won two elections allowable as well and as we know , fuck all the nationality regardless of whether or not they vote their national leader in  you know , people like you is what drives russians to be where we are . 
  here i am an ultraliberal ( like , srs-level liberal to give you an idea ) russian and gay to boot , yet i feel closer to putin than i do to other europeans , despite my hatred for the man who turned russia into a regressive autocracy , one that has n't been so regressive ever since stalin died . 
  why ? 
  because at least putin has some warped version of russian interests in his mind . 
  i know i can not expect any reason or understanding from the europeans however if this is what the liberal pro-eu sub upvotes to the top . 
  russian federation has many subjects , some more autonomous than others . 
  as another ukrainian user pointed out , the federation is slightly more of a farce really . 
  sorta . 
  it 's not wholly farce because some republics do have quite remarkable autonomy , chechnya or dagestan for example , and others have little autonomy in some matters but more in others . 
  it 's really difficult to characterise the country in one brushstroke , but yes , the gist of it is that it 's not quite what the name says . 
  the oblasts are supposed to be more federal than they really are , almost all regular oblasts are very much tightly in putin 's grip and there is n't much wiggle room for them politically or economically . 
  culturally and socially perhaps , but not so much in the more important matters . 
  siberian autonomy is definitely not a real thing though , sorry to disappoint all the western aficionados of irony and karma :p siberiaks do have some old roots , but most are there from the soviet days and it 's not like they 're culturally different . 
  i hear complaints that the resources are being drained to feed moscow of course , but that 's what they said in the ussr too and then when it broke apart it turned out that russia was spending more on its republics than it got from them , which is what partially caused the russian gdp to rise above their soviet levels whereas all the other non-baltic republics ( and not counting belarus ) slumped back to levels of gdp lower than soviet-era ones . 
  siberia could definitely use more autonomy to give its citizens more control over its resources , but at the same time , they depend hugely on russia for everything else , it 's not dissimilar from alaskan situation . 
  problem is , not much room for democracy and citizens ' initiatives in modern russia . 
  the other problem is that sibiriaks are n't any different in their views from the rest of russians , shit , if anything , they 're more regressive . 
  i can at least be free to be gay in many parts of piter and moskva even right now , but in omsk i hear you 'll just get your face beaten . 
  think of moskva as nyc and petersburg as san francisco/seattle . 
  on the scale of russia piter is pretty liberal . 
   he 's from ukraine and a majority of their country right now do n't like russian gov ` t. 
  the west does not . 
  the east does . 
  it 's a split , it runs along party lines - check the last yanukovich election to give you an idea of who 's supporting what . 
   no persecution complex , just speaking from experience . 
  i wo n't get into the whole usa versus russia - who is the most hated debate , that 's a laughable matter really lol what experience is that ? 
  i 'm curious as to where you felt that . 
   well , welcome to usa !, 
  i guess that makes you american now . 
  i am a permanent resident , not quite a citizen yet . 
  is the small ` hooray ' there 'cause you 're afraid i am a secret fifth columnist ? 
  shhh , most of the people have no idea what they 're talking about , do n't break their illusions ... 
   yet gets offensive when op posts anti-russian sentiment . 
  nope , check again . 
  that 's not why i posted here . 
  all of / r/europe is anti-russian right now , i 'm not posting anywhere else to complain . 
  but the op is a special case , just check their post history . 
   but i think we are often more hated than you guys are you kidding ? 
  persecution complex much ? 
  just check the surveys that they always make . 
  dude , * even russians do n't hate americans * . 
  we mostly like americans , we 're fascinated with them . 
  i live in the us now , whenever i go back to moldova , ukraine and russia where my relatives are , everyone is fascinated with my american residency and most people very much like americans . 
  sure , many russians are suspicious of the us gov ` t , but the american culture is simply too fascinating and powerful to be ignored , only the far-right wing guys will actually pout at you . 
  girls will literally stick to your arms as soon as they hear the accent . 
  and it 's not because you 're presumed to be wealthy , otherwise germans would be popular in russia . 
  it 's quite simply because americans fascinate russians !, 
  and it runs both ways , though to a much lesser degree . 
  it 's much easier to pick up girls in the us with a russian accent , though i do prefer boys ( hehe , do n't tell putin ) and people will be mostly fascinated . 
  other than the general anti-immigrant crowd , there is a lot of them in the us -- in russia there is a growing anti-immigrant movement too , but it only applies to asians . 
   for the syrian civil war civilian ( deaths in the hundred ( s ) of thousands ) , iraki civil war ( twelwe thousand ) central african republic war ( thousands ) , boko haram killings , ( a few thousand ) , etc. 
  that 's what i am saying though , the blacks and arabs do n't matter very much in the western media . 
  nor do eastern slavs as much . 
  when it 's time to fling mud at russia or israel they 'll use slavic or arab deaths , but otherwise it 's ignore time . 
  obviously western media cares more about the west since , you know , they 're from the west , but that 's precisely my point -- there are issues with its coverage of these conflicts . 
   you know , that 's maybe why people think russians are paranoid and inclined to conspiracy theories despite me repeatedly noting that you 're just creating strawman arguments , you 're still at it , huh ? 
  you just ca n't have a fucking argument without putting words into the mouth of your opponent , can you ? 
  i do not and never have believed that the shock therapy was a western invention to weaken ussr . 
  a vocal group of liberal progressives in the ussr supported it as well , many intellectuals at the time thought it was a good idea . 
  all the same , many russians * do see that * as a deliberate attempt , even though it was not most likely . 
  they see an action , they see the west supported it , they think it was deliberate . 
  i do n't see it that way because i know the people who advocated for it genuinely believed in it . 
  that does n't matter though . 
  * the perception does * . 
  that 's why putin was popular and still is to a degree , which will wear off once again after the post-crimea euphoria simmers down . 
  why would i withdraw something so easily ? 
  would it not make more sense to assume that i never believed it was deliberate and merely agreed with you because i shared your viewpoint ? 
   why do you refuse to treat ukrainians as equals ? 
  because otherwise you 're a vatnik katsap that supports putin and national bolshevism . 
  are you crazy ? 
  i 'm more liberal than 90 % of this sub and you included , apparently being gay and part of srs is still enough to get you called a nazi . 
  i 'm sorry , but keep digging your own hole and persuading me to ignore ukrainians because most of the ones on this sub are just as dumb as russians , just in a different direction . 
   as a history major , you 'd know that most ukrainians are closer to ethnic persians ( scythian tribes ) lol , you remind me once again why i came to the us to study history . 
  ukraine and russia are both the worst places in europe to study history , both nations are crafting bogus state-sanctioned histories . 
   do n't belittle my people 's national history . 
  it 's our * shared * history . 
  cossacks are just as russian as they are ukrainian . 
  they had less influence in russia , but they were quite numerous nonetheless . 
  cossacks are n't a direct ancestor of the current ukrainian state . 
  that 's like saying scythians were ukrainian history too . 
  they just happened to live in modern-day ukraine . 
  same goes for the norse living in russia . 
  they just happened to live in modern-day russian territory , but they do n't have much to do with modern russian state , even if some loony nationalists may fondly imagine it so . 
   beaten-down ethnic group since the golden horde invaded , only later to be oppressed by the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , and then by the russian empire , and finally by the ussr . 
  tsk , tsk , narrative history like this is n't scholarly . 
  we 're not discussing national epics here . 
  strictly speaking the ukrainian states were n't states really , nationhood is a 18th-19th century invention . 
  unless there is a direct line of governance of a sort from kievan rus to cossacks and to modern day ukraine , it 's very difficult to argue it was the same nation . 
   so , you 're downplaying ukrainian culture in the creation of modern ukraine ? 
  is it safe to assume you 're suggesting that ukraine 's creation is some sort of german attempt to fuck over russia ? 
  because if that 's your position , then your opinion is 100 % discredited . 
  you discredited yourself very thoroughly already , but you also cherrypick my position .
