  i read about the estimates of starting a new infrastructure that will replace the spanish one - that will account for at least half the savings in taxes sent to madrid according to the * economist * . 
  economic situation wo n't be lovely really . 
  any interruption of the normal routine and the markets suffer a great deal . 
  if the practical basis of the independence movement is rooted in pragmatism then there is n't much basis . 
  sounds like a lot of people in catalonia are understandably frustrated with the spanish economic woes but from what i heard during the spanish boom years the independence movement was n't quite as popular ... money speaks more in people 's hearts than idealistic causes . 
   thing is though , russia will rarely support a separatist movement unless it is a huge benefit to us ( separatist movement inside a rival polity ) sometimes i do n't even think people read most of my long posts ... 
  naturally russia supports the weakening of georgia if they are trying to join nato . 
  transnistria is a military base for russia , last time i checked most nations are n't eager to lose their strategic military bases around the world , especially when russia has so few left and nato bases are all around us ... 
  i was n't comparing spain to ussr , i apologise if that 's how it sounded . 
  i just went off on a separate rant about ussr . 
  really , if you read it you can tell that there was no likening going on because the situation of ussr was so vastly different . 
  but i do n't like separatism - there is that . 
  i admitted my bias , was that not enough ? 
  why did you have to remark on this additionally ? 
  no , i do n't have red flags . 
  no , i am not some sort of a loony and i am actually very sorry about what ussr did to the baltic states . 
  but does any of this dilute my argument ? 
  not at all . 
  your countries only became independent because the ussr came crashing down through its own problems . 
  baltic states are utterly insignificant in the world . 
  if you banded together , you might have more power . 
  if you joined a larger union , you would have even more . 
  your country and your two neighbours joined the eu - a step in the right direction . 
  now russia is n't going to push you around just because you 're small and insignificant . 
  feels nice to be a part of something larger , eh ? 
  as long as you have a reasonably equitable unity , it 's advantageous . 
  lol , more like hypocritical bullshit . 
  latvia is small enough to where it does not suffer from any notable separatist regions . 
  therefore all of the sudden it feels very gracious with things like these . 
  any country that is large enough to house some separatist movements that may even pose a serious threat generally do n't go around telling other separatist movements that they 're totally great . 
  now yeah , i am russian and yeah , i 've got obvious bias . 
  thing is though , russia will rarely support a separatist movement unless it is a huge benefit to us ( separatist movement inside a rival polity ) . 
  latvia has no grievance with spain , so i would politely ask the latvian pm to shut his mouth because i can already feel spain 's ire at such a bullshit statement . 
  **** personally i dislike separatist movements even when it is to my country 's strategic advantage . 
  especially when such small regions try to do this . 
  i can not help but think that far too many people like separatism because there are those ambitious few at the top who covet new posts to be corrupt in , so they push the people for ` independence ' so that they can get those lucrative posts . 
  this somewhat happened in the ussr in 1991 . 
  the new constitution outlining the plan of a truly federal ssr was popularly supported in almost every republic 's first democratic voting process . 
  however the hardliners stepped in with their coup . 
  here is where it got tricky . 
  if the hardliners had n't initiated their coup , the transition would have likely worked and although there is no telling how long after that the union would last , it would still exist for at least some measure of time . 
  if the hardliners had actually gone through with their coup and released the military to quash the public outcry , they would have preserved the ussr as well . 
  however , the hardliners turned out to be not so hard-line and they backed down , sabotaging both options . 
  in truth the new constitution that was voted in could have still gone through ( without the baltic states who declined it , rather understandable ) but alas the greedy politicians in the republics decided that the prospects of having their own little fiefdoms of corruption were more appealing than having to at least somewhat answer to some higher overseeing power . 
  pfft , international dick measuring , as a russian i can understand why he used the examples of the atomic weapons , 
  same goes for russian or ukrainian - russian has * krasniy * ( \u010derven\u00fd ) and * rizhii * ( rud\u00fd ) . 
  the latter is used pretty much exclusively for hair , although it 's ok to use it for other things too . 
  there is also * chervoniy * which is the antiquated word for ` red ' and may still be employed at times in literary usage . 
  ukrainian still uses it though . 
  in fact , all western slavic languages just sound like antiquated russian to me . 
  this is especially true for polish and ukrainian , both of which i speak or at least understand ( in the case of polish ) . 
  yes , because comparing large , powerful and complex political entities to track runners certainly builds the strongest case for your argument , 
  sorry , i should have clarified that i meant sports-related protests of the invasions . 
  :p i think everyone is aware of the large-scale protests following the iraq and afghanistan invasions , but as far as to my knowledge i do n't remember any significant protests in the field of publicised organised events . 
  ah yes , the good ol' ` it 's their culture ' defense . 
  i 'm sure the west cares so deeply about the welfare of russians that they will boycott us to show what little naughty kids we 've been because we will totally change if a few athletes are missing from the next olympics . 
  bullshit like this is why i do n't take this shit seriously . 
  when do we protest invasions of the us of other countries ? 
  oh , i 'm sorry , you 're right , the civilian blood those invasions spilled was totally justified because of the freedom ( tm ) that was brought to those nations . 
  truly , nothing strengthens your cause like selective boycotting ... 
  and china is executing or enslaving dissidents . 
  so what ? 
  does the fact that china executes dissidents invalidate criticism of when another country with a better situation does something bad ? 
  mezhdu prochem , ya ne vizhu gde u nas chernih vzdergivali no ya uveren shto attaki na immigrantov slutchautsa . 
  [ well , switzerland , the darling of reddit , is specially designing camps for the immigrants that go into it , specifically the asylees ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-23599502 ) . 
  russian homophobes ( a shitload of russians can fall into that category , btw , so it 's a lot of people ) wo n't give a fuck about what the west thinks , it 's absurd for anyone to be so naive . 
  a boycott wo n't change anything . 
  russians will simply look at the gulf states or any other repressive regimes that the west is cozy with and shrug off the boycott as typical western hypocrisy . 
  does n't matter that homophobia is regression into the past . 
  russians do n't care . 
  mind you , if you 're interested in history , it might be worth noting that in the mediaeval era the inserting partner in gay sex was not put under scrutiny . 
  the love of young boys was not uncommon amongst the nobility and people laughed it off . 
  on the other hand , being the receiving partner was punishable by death . 
  ` homosexuality ' as a distinct sexual orientation was not recognised in the pre-modern europe really . 
  * yawns * i 'm sure the next time a country does something bad it will be boycotted in olympics or other major sports events . 
  oh wait ... for reference , i am a * gay * russian and yes , you 're welcome to trawl my comments history if ye be an unbelieving thomas . 
  i 'm just a bit tired of countries using excuses for their russophobia . 
  stephen fry and george takei are sincere . 
  most redditors ? 
  yeah , right , i have an inbox full of homophobia that i 'm sure srs would love to see . 
  it 's very funny when the frequently misogynistic , racist , and islamophobic redditors get all up in arms to defend the gays when it 's russia . 
  as another commenter already mentioned , qatar is hosting the world cup and with all the money the gulf states are pouring into sports and pr , there 's just bound to be more . 
  the only difference is that qatar or ksa are western allies . 
  on the other hand , if iran tries to do something international , the west will probably bitch about their ` horrific human rights record ' ( which yeah , it 's not rosy , but it 's absurd to pretend that any strong country actually gives a shit about ` human rights ' in other countries ) . 
  though of course , with the new government in iran , things might be looking up for them on the other hand . 
  *** the boycott of russia will achieve nothing except getting all the bigots and xenophobes of russia even more bigoted and xenophobic . 
  russians got a real ` us vs them ' complex going and boycotts are pointless . 
  you wo n't change the backwards social mores in russia . 
  the bolsheviks did a good bit to change them . 
  that 's why i liked them . 
  stalin aside , they did a lot to push the cause of progressivism in russia . 
  putin is just playing the game of politics though . 
  gays are an easy target for him that is basically free ratings for his regime . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  you know why ? 
  because nearly * everyone * pigeonholes themselves in the echochambers of their preference . 
  you do n't think liberals or libertarians echochamber themselves ? 
  or the cynical ` independents ' whose puerile cynicism does nothing but make them look like smug little adolescents who think they 've got it all figured out . 
  there is no way to win this game -- the only winning move is not to play it all , not get involved . 
  obviously one can make the remark ` well , at least it 's important that you proved yourself superior to all three/four groups ' but that 's not the key here .
