  russians will point to the fact that other tatars have their own republics inside russia with schools and gov ` ts done entirely in their own language . 
  again , chicken and the egg problem , crimean tatars feel squeezed and fight back , the russian gov ' t hits back by denying them rights . 
  obviously the baltic situation is far more peaceful , but the themes are similar . 
   but there are russian schools and kindergartens , heck you can even study in uni later on in russian if you so desire . 
  of which i never hear the balts stop complaining about ... let 's be real , most baltic / r/europe posters would rather see them closed . 
  and we 're talking about language rights btw . 
  if you have full language rights , i am happy for you , that 's very good . 
  ( no sarcasm ) . 
  but if there is a restriction , i 'll argue it 's a mark of a shitty nation , rather than a good one . 
  if you will notice , my country has many such restrictions , it 's a shitty nation esp . 
  as of current . 
   it 's a core of what our identities are based on , take that away and there 's no us anymore . 
  you 're dead set on ( just like the other guy ) on creating arguments against things nobody is proposing currently . 
  i think it 's called a ` strawman ' unless i am mistaken . 
  pray , do tell me , how does enforcing * your * language and identity on people who are * not * of your language or identity keep * your * language and identity alive ? 
  or do you have some sort of a neofascist/stalinist identity that mandates that everyone must assimilate into the oneness of the community of ein volk , ein sprache , ein reich ? 
  russian people are russian . 
  you are free to restrict their immigration into your country or hell but trying to force the ones already in your nation to assimilate is being no better than the ussr you claimed to hate , congrats . 
   maybe one day it 'll change to something different , but for now it is how it is . 
  sometimes i think i 'm debating with bots , not people with reasoning . 
  this line of reasoning can be used to justify * practically anything * . 
  well that 's how it 's now , maybe it will change , but that 's how it is . 
  literally describes every thing under the sun . 
   seems you misunderstand me , i do n't want to deport them not allowing their own language schools or for them to speak their own language is also one of the criteria of the liberal definition of ` genocide ' i 've seen used by some euros and especially balts . 
   that they are living in the republic of estonia , is it truly too much to ask to respect that nation and its mother 's tongue and to learn it in order to be apart of its nation ? 
  it 's not and i agree with you * personally * , but the thing is , i 've heard a lot of balts complain about the same thing they 're doing right now . 
  also , everyone rags on russia for human rights abuses ( and we do commit a lot , it is true ) but then turns around and does the exact same . 
  how many / r/europe threads have been made about tatars in crimea not allowed to speak their own language or have state-provided tatar-language schools ? 
  and mind you , russia allows all other tatars all of those things and on top even official language status . 
   problem with multi languages is , russia is a big fucking place , you have no worries that your language might disappear , now compare that to the baltics , estonian is spoken by 1 million people , lithuanian by 3 million and latvian by ca 1.5 million . 
  please , if your own language disappears post-ussr , it 's your fault , not the fault of russians in your country who do n't speak it . 
  your logic is entirely incomprehensible . 
  we have to forcefully convert people to our language or it will die out !!!, 
  ... why ? 
  a language is such a small thing , why the fuck does it even matter , why do we have to be shitty to each other out of such chickenshit little things ? 
  ca n't people do whatever they want ? 
  for instance , i prefer english to russian . 
  i think the english language is the richest in the world , i can say anything 10 different ways . 
  if russian dies out , well , that 's linguistic darwinism for ya . 
  if people prefer a language , then they should speak it . 
  if native balts hypothetically do n't want to speak their own languages , is it the fault of current russian residents of those nations ? 
  native balts should be perfectly well capable of keeping their own traditions alive without having to stomp on other traditions . 
   if we were to impliment the russian language , i can bet most of russian speaking immigrants who come here to become citizens wont go through the trouble of learning estonian , we already have 25 % of russian population , making russian an official language will increase amount of russians even more , who wont be speaking estonian because there is no need , thus russification , despite peaceful , will take place , that will kill a big part of our culture , our language . 
  i am sorry to dissapoint you , but to me that is not acceptable nor is it to many estonians . 
  again with utterly incomprehensible logic . 
  * so why do n't you limit russian-speaking immigrants then * ? 
  every country in the world limits their immigration of a certain ethnicity if they feel they 're overpopulating the country . 
  america does it through the use of quotas , it 's why i used my ukrainian citizenship to come to the us instead of my russian one . 
  restrict russian immigration and allow those that * already * live in baltic countries to speak whatever the hell they prefer . 
  i do n't understand your logic , there is a very simple thing you could do but instead you create a really shitty scenario to justify even shittier policies . 
  lastly , since you 're an eu country and all , are n't you already putting strict limits on the amount of russian immigrants in your countries ? 
  i 'm not sure if you are , but if you are , then how is your scenario even real ? 
  not really sure how it can be efficient , that 's like saying less roads means more efficiency . 
  it does n't , it must means more people are left out of having their own road to service them . 
  in a way it is efficient i suppose , only the highest-traffic railroads survive ... 
  but that means the rest of the people get boned . 
  let 's be honest , if he tweeted something in english , it would n't happen . 
  that being said , i can see why people are mad , russian evokes a lot of bad memories in latvia . 
  the law itself is very undemocratic , it goes against un human rights laws however . 
  russians can democratically vote to restrict rights of gays too , it does n't fucking make it right you know . 
  tyranny of the majority is not democracy , it 's mob rule . 
  watching balts in this thread is a good example of why you are n't civilised europeans yet . 
  you 're smarter and more liberal than an average russian , sure . 
  but you 're still full of nationalism , a piss-poor understanding of what 's democratic and general backwardness . 
  un defines the restriction of people 's right to speak and be educated in their own language along with forced language conversion as part of ` genocide ' and i 've had numerous balts tell me russia comitted ` genocide ' in the baltic countries not because balts were mass-slaughtered , but because we tried to turn you into russians by restricting your right to speak your own language and not giving you your language schools . 
  now that you have the freedom you go do the same thing . 
  let me guess , if you had enough power you 'd invade russia too . 
  oh wait , that already happened several times historically . 
  hmm , it 's almost like that greek saying `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' . 
  so which one is it , friend ? 
  it 's racist to say `` germany for germans ! '', 
  or if putin were to ban tatars in kazan from speaking tatar he 's a big bad dictator ( which he is , but for many other reasons , not this ) but when you do it , it 's ok ? 
  btw , all tatars outside of crimea have their own schools and gov ` ts that speak their own language and they have official status too . 
  russia itself grants a lot of local languages official status lol ( 30-something total and many more less officially ) and certain places in russia hold their own schools , gov ` ts , etc. 
  now , sure , it 's still all an autocracy under a sleazy dictator like putin . 
  but he 's wily enough to throw a bone to people . 
  letting people talk using their jibber jabber costs very little , unless you have a massive ego and an inferiority complex . 
  now sure , you 're gon na tell me how russia oppressed latvia and i wo n't disagree , we brutally fucked over the baltics and i am very sorry for that . 
  it was very bad and very wrong because unlike the other republics , baltics never wanted to be in and were not culturally similar either . 
  buuuut , it 's the 21st century and most democratic countries and even some non-democratic ones like russia have minority language rights . 
  you can piss and moan however much you want , but if you wan na be no better than the soviet russians you hate and deport people or force them to speak a different language , go ahead , it will be funny to watch for me , for all i care . 
  any leader who so much as slightly interferes with people 's drinking wo n't last long in russia . 
  case in point , [ gorbachev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prohibition_in_the_russian_empire_and_the_soviet_union#gorbachev.27s_anti-alcohol_campaign ) . 
   come again ? 
  it was bloody on both sides . 
  look at how people fln `` made disappear '' . 
  the harkhis were hunted down after the war . 
  if you think one side is evil and the other innocent you are gravely mistaken and you know jack about history . 
  i 've studied the history of it pretty well , believe me , i majored in it in fact , an although antiquity was my focus , i 've taken several courses on the history of colonialism and africa . 
  the issue is that your opponents were fighting from a position of a weaker , less professional , less well-equipped and lower technology military force . 
  the methods of the weaker are often underhanded due to the power differential -- this is why you have the problem of insurgency , the brutal and repressive guerilla warfare that causes many civilian casualties . 
  the idea is that france as the more capable ( and according to its own propaganda , more ` civilised ' ) party should set an example . 
  however , no such thing happened , the french comitted mass offences against the laws of war or decency . 
  the war was a brutal fucking mess like chechnya was for us . 
  except that while russian brutality is well-accepted and understood , the french keep minimising , lying or simply omitting their own sins . 
  i see this problem all over / r/europe . 
  everyone is quick to criticise turkey or russia for genocides , but you 'll have a devil of a time trying to explain to brits why bengal famines were a genocide or belgians why the congo was a genocide . 
   i get that you 're trying to be edgy and say it 's the white man 's fault . 
  but that 's not the case here buddy . 
  go read up what really happened .
