   thanks for that precious nuance . 
  that 's not nuanced because every single balt replying to me ever on this sub except / u/paravin reads like the ravings of a nationalist who has never read a scholarly western version of history . 
  fair enough , we all have different ideas of what 's scary . 
  `` random '' is pretty scary too , you 're right . 
  however , in ussr it was n't necessarily ` random ' , just a bit unpredictable at times . 
  you had to basically keep your mouth guarded and not be rich when soviet union took over ( being wealthy is not a racial , ethnic or religious trait ) one of my great-grandfathers went to gulag in siberia for 5yrs , he came back pretty lean , but he was alright and lived to 70 + . 
  he was a ` kulak ' -- a rich peasant who hired others to work his lands . 
  my entire family is from northern moldova , briceni region . 
  mostly jewish descendant , we lived in a village called berlintsi - ` little berlin ' . 
  jews with more jewish blood were wiped out to the last man , my great-grandparents had some jewish blood in our family tree , but not enough to fall foul of the german law . 
  german camps were made with the purpose of exterminating people . 
  jews were never released from them . 
  in ussr the gulag was a harsh penal colony with forced labor element . 
  it was designed to wring as much labour from you with as little expenditure . 
  a lot of people died , but the lethality was no more than 10-13 % according to records , which does not indicate the intent to kill . 
  there were mass executions as well , but on a much smaller scale than nazi germany by a huge margin . 
  ussr killed a lot of people because stalin had a lot more time to torture people in gulags . 
  not because gulags were a tool of industrialised murder . 
  industrialised murder on the scale of the nazis is universally agreed by historians to be one of the worst things humanity ever produced -- once again , due to the * voluntary nature of the murders comitted and the educational level of the perpetrators * . 
   why do you even pay attention to race ? 
  are you racist ? 
  holy jesus , you 're a caricature , maybe in poland your statement did n't sound odd , but in the us it is a common tactic of racists to scream `` you 're the real racist for mentioning race ! '', 
  please refrain from using that terrible shtick unless you wish others to consider you a racist . 
  why do i pay attention to race ? 
  because that 's how genocide works . 
  race , ethnicity , religion , etc. 
  you have to target a specific group and kill every man , woman , child and old man regardless of whether they support you or not . 
  that 's a mark of genocide . 
  that 's what makes it so scary . 
  in ussr you could survive ( and most did ) by acting like they were loyal and keeping their mouths shut . 
  still very bad , still many people died , but survival was possible . 
  survival for a german jew was not possible , regardless of their age , creed , affiliation with judaism , loyalty to the state , etc. 
  that 's what makes it so frightening . 
  the idea that common , educated , urbane people could be persuaded to kill groups wholesale wholly voluntarily ( there are many books written on the fact that no `` aryan '' was forced to kill `` lesser race '' in germany and you could always get transferred out of it ) . 
  that 's why we teach holocaust so much in schools ( at least here in the us where the education standards are far better than russian educational shithole ) . 
   of course you try to hide it , but this is what your posts always come down to if you remove the fluff and misdirection . 
  holy jesus , you make better conspiracies than kiselev or glenn beck ...  there is nothing wrong with my knowledge of history . 
  baltic genocide in the 1960-1990 !!!, 
  / s  i know what you have posted and even you might know what you have posted . 
  you never miss a chance to come out with your soviet apologist garbage even if you try to weave it confusingly . 
  you dolt , i ` weave it confusingly ' because nothing is black and white , if i were like you , i 'd have no reason to post anyway , your posts have no substance or nuance . 
  the topic is long and complicated . 
  i do n't know what kind of a game you think i am playing , but why would a soviet apologist agree with the ` fuck ussr ' sentiment ? 
  you 're seriously paranoid , really . 
  have you ever considered that due to my history education i find history interesting ( my first several months on reddit was / r/askhistorians stuff where i was flaired ) and come out whenever history of nations that i am from is mentioned ? 
  nah , that 's just too obvious !, 
  clearly i am a freemason with a world domination agenda !, 
   how dumb the balts are . 
  i am glad i have latvian friends irl because if it were not for them i would think that your schools teach you nothing but rubbish in place of history to indoctrinate mindless nationalism , aka putin 's russia today . 
  then again , my latvian friends are over the age of 30 so they did not even grow up in independent latvia . 
  i will however point out that 95 % of the balts who reply to me have some very crazy ideas about history and that is no lie because i have my posting history as proof . 
  apparently my posts provoke the nationalists to come out of woodwork . 
  more likely though it is a comment on the low average age of / r/europe and low history education . 
  how old are you for instance ? 
   op changed the title . 
  yeah , wonder why / s for that matter , i thought the 420 people was from the actual invasion as well , not the 21 years of occupation . 
  i wonder how many people died in traffic accidents involving americans in west germany . 
  not to jump to whataboutism of course , the occupation of germany was necessary ( nazis , ahem ) and then it was welcomed by the germans ( soviet invasion threat , heh ) but it would be interesting to see the data , and then to post it with an editorialised title to see how many accusation of ` putinbot ' i would get . 
  you see comrade , propaganda is only the stuff rt says , we speak the truth  of course , from a purely statistical point of view , west germany had tens of millions more people than czechoslovakia , so the comparison would not be accurate . 
  but then the roads are better ... 
  so many factors to consider !, 
   it came very close to exterminating estonian and latvian nations , but luckily the soviet empire collapsed before the plan was finalized . 
  not sure where you have the sources for ussr mass murdering balts after stalin ... 
  there was some violence during the breakup , but nothing systematic or indicative of any genocide . 
   `` soviets had the right to rape and kill baltics because of generalplan ost bla bla bla and stupid balts do n't want to admit it '' . 
  are you high on drugs or just a rabid nationalist ? 
  where the hell did i say that filth ? 
  i said that the balts on this sub mostly have less historical knowledge than a fish in a tank , they 're rabid nationalists that regurgitate their propaganda history . 
  this does not minimise the terrible suffering of the balts under ussr . 
  all it means is that the current generation never studied it in a non-propaganda setting . 
  generalplan ost was a nazi plan , balts do n't carry the responsibility for it . 
  balts only did what they thought best to survive during wwii , that ussr was the bigger threat to them is only logical and i do not blame balts for joining ss . 
  at that time it was the pragmatic thing to do . 
  what i do blame you for is your * current * state of historical knowledge , with your ` ussr exterminating balts ' if i were as crazy as you , i 'd be blathering about genocide of russians in donbass now ...  go fuck yourself , soviet apologising cunt !, 
  see , you are so deranged and drunk on nationalism that anything short of someone screaming fucktheussrfucktheussr 24/7 is ` soviet apologia cunt ' to you . 
  for what it matters , i 'm perfectly willing to say ` fuck the ussr ' because the ussr did more than enough to deserve that . 
  however , you 're still mad and you should consider attending anger management classes , also maybe secondary school . 
  in criminal justice there is the concept of ` mens rea ' . 
  state of mind . 
  or criminal intent . 
  the intent of nazi germany was to exterminate whole races of people . 
  that was the reason the third reich was founded . 
  attempted murder is still culpable , it does n't make it any less worse than the criminal was stopped . 
  history tends to judge people who plot the destruction of an entire race more harshly than those who simply kill a lot of people , that is why genghis khan and mao get a slight pass but khmer rouge gets a harsher treatment ( because their eradication of targeted groups was more total ) . 
  i guess at this point it can become a quibbling over minutiae and definitions as ussr certainly did dabble in genocidal things ( think holodomor ) but the general historical consensus has a different opinion of each event . 
  ukrainians still served in large capacities in the soviet apparatus , including khrushchev being a premier right after stalin . 
  it was very bad , but perhaps not quite as bad as nazi germany . 
  the intent of ussr was never to kill whole races of people before or after stalin . 
  during stalin 's reign people were killed en masse , due to them being disaffected with the state ( usually for very good reasons ) but the point remains , stalin did not plan on exterminating any ethnicity . 
  ussr lasted for 75 years , nazi germany from ' 33-45 and during the last two years of their most accelerated genocide they were also at their most critically overextended period . 
  nazis did n't fail to kill twice as many for the lack of trying , they simply did n't have the time . 
  no serious scholarly historian has this debate , but on / r/europe i 'm like a broken phonograph , i have to repeat the same basic things and * every time , without fail * it is a pole or balt arguing with me . 
  i know you have personal grievance ( for very good reasons ) with ussr who fucked up your nation for more years than nazis , but especially as a pole , it is a bit strange to hate ussr more than nazi germany when nazi germany killed countless times as many polish civilians as ussr did . 
  or are you not counting jews as poles ? 
  heh , that 's interesting to hear , but history is meant to be embraced  so what if the romans called us slaves ? 
  we got named by the * romans * !!, 
  the way i see it , it is an honour . 
  better to be a roman slave than to shovel horseshit on the steppe , heh . 
  it is rather strange however that they thought of us as docile slaves later on , because the earliest greek geographers described veneds ( early slavs ) as savage cannibals from hyperboria . 
  either way , history should be embraced , not shunned .
