  it 's very poor and some villages are a bit isolated from government aid . 
  in the ussr it was all taken care of , but sadly , the gdp , population and almost every single indicator of well being peaked in ukraine right before ussr collapsed . 
  ironic considering all the lenin statues being torn down in the west of ukraine . 
  obviously nobody thinks stalin was a good idea , but lenin gave ukraine half of what 's called ukraine now ( east of dnieper ) and ukrainian soviet leaders like khrushchev and brezhnev raised ukraine out of the giant feudal serf-toiled farmland that it was ( also stalin unfortunately , but holodomor cancelled out whatever useful things he did ) . 
  that 's a very historically obtuse comparison , so obtuse that i 'd almost suspect you of making a bad faith comparison to push some agenda you may or may not have ... 
  pop quiz !, 
  which one most resembles the current immigration to europe ? 
  is it a : mass flight of poor , starving irish and poor eastern and southern euro peasants to europe , even though they did not share ` culture or religion ' ( due to having no concept of democracy and being catholic/orthodox ) as the anti-immigration parties such as know-nothings said back then ? 
  or is it b : high-tech , high-population , highly-organised and militarised immigration of belligerent europeans into the low-tech , low-population highly-fragmented indigenous population of the americas that also happened to have no immunity against diseases which killed estimated up to 50mil amerindians ? 
  you can debate point a perhaps and argue that the cultures were n't `` that different '' , but that too can be argued -- perhaps right now catholic/orthodox/protestant is n't a big deal , but in the 19th century it still was and the cultural differences were still significant enough to become flashpoints for war . 
  russia and eu right now have so few cultural differences compared to the differences of 19th century europe and we still can not get along . 
  you 'd balk if i said that russians are culturally very similar to the dutch . 
  just as a 19th century american would balk at being compared to a poor irishman , italian or russian . 
  that goes for everyone on this sub ... 
  but you 're right , it 's very amusing to observe poles and romanians complaining about immigrants , i too remember the 90s when poles were treated like barely human in europe . 
  i was in london in the late 90s , people always brightened up when i said i was russian , not polish . 
  people were fascinated with russians , but often dismissive of poles . 
  i 've seen a lot of poles and romanians be very understanding of it however . 
  i have seen less balts doing so , hopefully this thread will prove me wrong . 
  / u/kinmix is an interesting case , i wonder if they are an ethnic russian . 
  they always post pro-russian stuff on / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  that 's assuming europe will actually get significantly weakened by that , or weakened at all ... 
  assuming that it 's not just nationalists and right-wing groups bitching about foreigners as they always do , no matter if the amount is large or small ... 
  us only became more powerful due to immigration . 
  perhaps eu should adapt and learn to cope with it instead of bitching ? 
  yes , tighten the borders , but also , yes , learn to deal with immigration . 
  european native populations are falling . 
  do you know what a falling population does to the economy ? 
  it kills it . 
  most of economic growth comes from population growth . 
  it 's a giant pyramid scheme , almost . 
  eu will be a lot more weakened by falling population a la japan than by immigration . 
  everything right now depends on how you deal with it . 
  make them your enemies by treating them with contempt and you win the war for putin . 
  why the hell do you think putin is funding far-right groups ? 
  increase tensions in eu and set the immigrants against europeans . 
  perfect . 
  this sub is pathetic . 
  they hate putin and russia but they play into putin 's hands like little children with every anti-immigration thread . 
  europe is n't australia . 
  sealing the borders wo n't work like it did for abbott . 
  you 're gon na need a bit more brain power and nuance here . 
  kurds and assad are fairly cozy , they coexist in several areas where kurd territory surrounds saa 's ( assad 's ) . 
  kurds in syria ( ypg ) do not want independence , but autonomy . 
  they do n't want isis either and they are hit hard by isis , so i 'd advise against lumping them with fsa . 
  they 're very different . 
  they have cooperate with fsa but the fact that they 're not shooting saa on several fronts is strong evidence for their less than hostile relationship with saa . 
  also isis and assad are a little too seemingly cozy at times , especially before . 
  they both need each other to serve as the justification for the war . 
  they are both most threatened by fsa . 
  isis claims it is the only solution to assad 's heretics controlling syria through their minority rule . 
  they claim they are the only legitimate muslim movement . 
  fsa however is more democratic , very humanitarian comparatively , do not commit mass atrocities like assad or isis . 
  they 're sympathetic . 
  isis does n't like that . 
  assad also hates fsa because they are sympathetic . 
  he knows isis is not . 
  his aim is to crush fsa and make it him vs isis . 
  then he knows he will have foreign support and insurance from a foreign strike on his troops . 
  i am 100 % against assad as you may probably see from all my comments on this thread , but i 'm a bit skeptical there . 
  i 'm not sure if assad would give orders to use gas like that when he knew the dangers it held . 
  with gas , you either go all out or do nothing . 
  small scale use of this sort is n't very productive . 
  it gives the west a possibility to use it as a mandate to intervene and yet does n't help you win the war either because it 's too small scale . 
  i 'm not saying assad did n't do it , he may very well have , but i 'm not entirely convinced . 
  he 's a mass murdered , but he is n't stupid ... usually . 
  yes , in the event of an all out intervention . 
  i wonder if the mission creep will advance far enough for that . 
  there was one before : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavonic_corps, 
  i agree , taking out assad early was the best choice . 
  problem was , assad did n't look as bad from the start as he does now , first of all . 
  sure , he was brutal in his implementation of a police state and he machinegunned protesters ... 
  but so did a large number of gulf nations . 
  which are still stable and relatively well off right now . 
  stability under a dictator is preferable to a mess like iraq right now . 
  especially when assad was n't mass-murdering kurds on the scale that saddam was . 
  nobody wants to be responsible for a giant mess , it is better to not intervene in the middle east than to intervene and then have the consequences hit you 10-20 years later with 10x the force . 
  imagine what the middle east would be without all the western and soviet meddling ... of course , now we see that assad being taken out would have prevented the giant mess . 
  but that 's hindsight 20/20 . 
  also , it is difficult to say what would have happened with isis . 
  the power vacuum and a weakened victorious fsa could have given them an even faster headstart , who knows . 
  isis may have started out in syria physically , but its leadership and organisation had their roots in the baathist iraqi ex-officers . 
  my key issue is that i 'm very skeptical that the un security resolution could have resulted in a boots on the ground scenario that it threatened . 
  i do n't think anything would come of it . 
  i am not sure if even a no-fly zone was possible . 
  gaddafi was a baddie for a long time with his funding of terrorism ... assad is a different matter however , i doubt the west would bomb him right after libya , people in the west would protest against gratuitous military involvement without seeing the effects of lybia first . 
  remember , libya did n't look so good right after the no fly zone . 
  arguably it is better off now , but back then this was not known . 
  well , while i did think that was a funny joke ( no sarcasm , vacationers is a tired joke , but in this case it was pretty funny ) i am not sure if putin will want to deny supporting what is still technically the legitimate government of syria . 
  to me , fsa is preferable to assad , but there is n't the same stigma of supporting assad . 
  the west is afraid of the refugees right now and they 're afraid of isis and they 're also afraid of russia stirring up more trouble in eastern europe . 
  russian involvement in syria may alleviate all three and possibly even create a scenario that weakens russia even more . 
  all in all , a win-win-win for the west , if putin is stupid enough to get dragged into syria . 
  fuck assad , but that being said , russia opposed intervention against assad on the grounds that he is the only legitimate head of the syrian state . 
  it is a legal matter . 
  you are allowed to support a legitimate government but not the rebels , that looks bad in the bounds of international law and relations . 
  now personally , i think his legitimacy comes from spilling blood , but unfortunately he is still the only party that is legitimately in control of syria . 
  it is not illegal to intervene in the behalf of a request of a legitimate leader . 
  even if he is as bad as pinochet . 
  morally of course , it is an entirely different matter .
