  if the nazis finished off ussr , you can bet they 'd make sure france -- vichy and occupied -- would be cleansed of all ` undesirables ' . 
  in retrospect , the ussr got lucky it did n't make the decision for a partial peace , because hitler planned to exterminate all slavs ( and balts too , but those idiots more often than not ignore that when discussing wwii -- not that i do n't sympathise with them due to soviet atrocities inflicted on them , but still , there is evil , and then there is evil of an unspeakable magnitude ) . 
  but if you asked us who was our best ally , serbia would be close , even if they are eyeing the eu . 
  we supported them even during the yugoslava and kosovo wars , when we were destitute after the ussr collapse and they in turn supported genocidal regimes of bosnian serbs like radovan karadich . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  we stood by then when they were alone . 
  what are you using ? 
  i see flairs on mobile . 
  i use baconreader . 
  are you on ios with alienblue ? 
  i 'm just glad turkey is picking up the embarrassing headlines department , not too long ago it was my country causing me to wince as i read / r/europe headlines . 
  very brotherly of you mate , to pick up the standing under shite-bucket duty , 
  i mean , when you say it like that , it sounds bad , but remember that worcestershire sauce and garum were/are fermented fish and both are very tasty and fairly objectively not nasty , with a mild taste and pleasant smell . 
  meh , but half my family lives in moldova , russian is still the language of choice there . 
  the tv is all russian and the culture still has a lot of russian stuff . 
  only the young people in the more ` hick ' villages are unable to speak russian . 
  lived in chernovstsi for over ten years , never heard of it . 
  but people know of it . 
  also , i imagine lvov , uzhgorod or other western cities may say it , chernovtsi kinda felt pretty russian/mixed to me , at least prior to 2002 which is when i left it . 
  lvov on the other hand felt pretty ukrainian . 
  yeah , that 's pretty funny and very true from my experience . 
  inexplicably most of the russians i know here in the states love putin . 
  like wtf , do you wan na go back and live with him ? 
  i really do n't like ` immovable cultural monolith ' arguments though , look at georgia after the rose revolution . 
  it 's a pretty decent , western-style democracy with solid anti-corruption reform foundations . 
  yet culturally everyone from the former ussr knows that the stereotype of georgians is that they 're slick and corrupt . 
  oh , and stalin came from there , if that was n't enough . 
  meanwhile ukraine has the culture of cossack democracy and yet today 's ukraine is very corrupt and divided between alternating gangs of oligarchs . 
  did culture really determine that much ? 
  history is far more complex than `` x culture has y traits '' determinism . 
  what i 'm getting from your ` culturist ' view is that it 's basically rebadged racism . 
  now , i 'm not pro-turkey at all , hell , i really do n't like their gov ' t and islamicisation , but i find that a lot of people who focus too much on ` culturism ' are often racists in disguise . 
  i 'm not saying you are racist , your post does n't indicate that as far as i can see , but it 's just something to be careful about . 
  you can pretty much take any form of racism , replace ` race ' with ` culture ' and it will work just as well ( e.g blacks and jews for instance ) . 
   i just cringe at almost religious levels of support for eu at this subreddit . 
  ironic to hear a pole of all the nationalities saying this ... eu and nato are kinda important for eastern european nations , unless you like your big friendly neighbour east of you ) ) ) without those two entities i would be wondering how your economic and military development would fare . 
  you might be right , but we can only speculate . 
  yeltsin opened up the archives in 1995 iirc so i would think any falsehoods would have been corrected by now . 
  i mean , i do n't disagree with that , but that 's a different thing . 
  i do n't have illusions that everyone just thought the ussr was a nice friendly benevolent co-prosperity sphere . 
  though at the same time , ukraine 's living standards did plunge and that was before 2014 too , so it 's not that putin did it all lol . 
  how am i wrong in general ? 
  only georgia and baltics voted against the federated constitution . 
  and since you 're so scrupulous about who is wrong and right , it was actually 1 killed by the soldiers , many injured and 19 killed in the stampede ( all but one died of suffocation ) . 
  does n't make it better of course , but since you claim to be be so accurate and i 'm so inaccurate , i feel it 's worth pointing out your creative use of truth . 
  god knows you would jump on me the moment i stated a half-truth like that - like if i tried to shift the responsibility of the people the ussr soldiers killed in the demonstrations in the baltics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_9_tragedy 20 georgians died on a sunday on april 9th 1989 , during an anti-ussr demonstration . 
  soviet army botched the dispersal , stampede killed 19 and the soldiers got one girl , due to brutal dispersal methods . 
  this turned the majority of georgians against the ussr . 
  i mean , only georgia ( because of that massacre on a sunday i think ) and baltic nations ( understandable ) voted against the new federated constitution of ussr which would have kept ussr going but as a federal institution with more power devolved to the republics . 
   except that it 's total bullshit . 
  the us is not some third-world dictatorship where a madman or a rogue general could decide to launch an icbm just to show the world who 's boss . 
  that 's false , however . 
  us has considered striking ussr numerous times during the cold war without provocation , simply acting out of cold logic that an american first strike would give them the advantage whereas waiting longer would only lead to the inevitable nuclear confrontation , albeit without the advantage of a well-prepared us first strike . 
  moreover , us has also considered striking ussr in advance of technological developments that would give ussr greater nuclear parity . 
  how serious these considerations were is another matter -- however the fact that ussr was deeply terrified of a nuclear war and that the soviet leadership was always fearful that americans were planning to start a nuclear war where ussr did not wish one is also attested . 
  ussr did however have plans of using ` tactical ' nuclear warheads on certain european targets during the invasion scenarios , so there is that too ( but not bombardment of america however ) . 
  the west has always been more willing to use nuclear weapons on a strategic level , part of this was because the warsaw pact ground forces were perceived to be stronger on the continental europe than the opposing nato forces and american war strategy revolved around the use of massive nuclear response to deter aggression ( which is a relatively legitimate use of nuclear weapons compared to first strike ) . 
  part of this also had to do with the greater resources the west had insofar as strategic bombers during the 40s , 50s and 60s as well as better and greater numbers of icbms in the 60s and 70s . 
  moreover , it 's * total bullshit * to trust the good will of another country . 
  us is not some moral do-gooder . 
  neither is russia , we 've done far more despicable shit as of recent , sure , but that is not to say us is not capable of depravity as well . 
  even if us was some hypothetical angel , nothing is to stop us from slipping into militarism and nativism until it becomes aggressive enough to carry out nuclear first strikes . 
  people said trump would never be elected , and yet here we are . 
  people said similar things about nixon and reagan too . 
  it 's absolute idiocy to suggest that a nuclear nation should be ok with another , more powerful nuclear nation to destroy the mad doctrine on the basis of ` oh well lets just trust them lol ' . 
  i am not denying the fact that putin does a lot of underhanded shit and does n't have a lot of ulterior motives here . 
  it 's true . 
  however , defensive missile shields are deeply problematic and that 's exactly why during the cold war both sides got together and limited these things through various treaties and agreements . 
  it 's dangerous to create technology that might lead the more aggressive and heartless members of our human race believe that they have a chance of surviving and thriving after a nuclear exchange . 
  you 're crazy , i mean , the only reason i understand written serbian is because it sounds like half ukrainian , half archaic russian . 
  but spoken serbian ? 
  get out of here . 
  whereas spoken ukrainian is very easy to understand , every single russian person i know can follow ukrainian -- sure , some words might be different , but you can understand based on context clues . 
  yeah , i mean , reading bulgarian is * very * easy for me , but as a native russian and ukrainian speaker i can attest to the fact that both languages are very similar , whereas spoken bulgarian is hard to follow . 
  regardless of my views , history has always been a separate subject for me , that i keep in a separate compartment that i try to keep away from my biases . 
  it 's my primary interest in life and i regard it highly . 
  unfortunately most people are n't like that , so when i say something interpreted as pro-russian , they attack me , and if i am condemning russia for its backwardness , well , nobody notices that usually . 
  most people just want history to be like a pair of cards in their deck , held in their hand , that they will use to beat their opponent . 
  see , now i can kinda see why they downvote you , because in essence you are stating things that most academia will disagree with and things that do run against liberal thought . 
  in fact , if i understand you correctly , i also disagree with you . 
  i 'm a guy who likes guys , i am also a russian and i also received a history degree from a us uni . 
  i do n't come from a society that tolerates homosexuality these days , but seeing as how i 've seen things from an ` inside ' perspective if you will and since i was liberal before i knew i liked men , i would not agree with your position . 
  i still maintain that you were wrongfully downvoted before , because even though i disagree with your conclusions , the fact that ` gayness ' did not exist historically is 100 % correct and academia will back you up here if you look at the works of scholarly ( not popular ) historians . 
  [ jaqing off ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/just_asking_questions ) is a thing though . 
  it 's a very common tactic online too . 
  many questions are n't asked so innocently , especially on touchy topics like these . 
  and that was a poor question too , it sounded more like a statement of fact . 
  i mean , hell , i like crimea being a part of russia , but that guy almost sounds like one of those pro-putin trolls . 
  on the other hand , their posting history seems quite innocent however . 
  you 're getting downvoted heavily , but you 're completely right . 
  then again , it 's not shocking to see / r/europe completely ignorant of history . 
  what i do n't get is , why are they downvoting you ? 
  is it so controversial ? 
  gay people were not seen as ` gay ' , you had men who were men and then men who ` perverted ' the natural order by ` taking it like a woman ' . 
  that 's how they saw it . 
  they did not overly mind men who fucked other men -- they saw it as a vice , certainly , but not much more than having a fondness for prostitutes . 
  the real kicker was being the passive partner . 
  then you 're a shameful catamite . 
  as long as you were super manly , you could absolutely get away with what we would call ` gay stuff ' today .
