  oh , and that 's not even mentioning the fact that ussr desperately tried to get a defensive pact with the west ( uk+f rance ) just like the one poland got . 
  did n't work though , west did n't want it because they wanted hitler to move east and have fascism and communism bleed each other white . 
  the fact that ussr engaged in such diplomacy with capitalist nations that only a few years before invaded it is quite astonishing , which says something about the desperation . 
  stalin was a brutal mass murdering bastard but he did n't want a war ( yet ) . 
  he wanted time . 
  and he expected hitler to take more time to betray him . 
  hitler 's gambit worked because stalin did not expect him to attack so foolishly early . 
  too bad stalin did n't listen to all his spies ... dictators gon na dick . 
  looks who 's butthurt lol . 
  you just saw it for yourself . 
  / r/european and / r/mensrights subscribers posting on tia . 
  tia attracts all kinds of fringe far right these days . 
  every time i see a shitty poster they turn up on tia among other muh worse subs . 
  what started out as a funny sub making fun of the excesses of tumbr turned into a reactionary circlejerk . 
  where people un ironically agree how racists and neonazis are better than the spooky sjws . 
  basically reddit neckbeard central comprised of teens and early 20s manchildren . 
  again , nothing surprising . 
  reddit is obsessed with the vacuous term ` sjw ' and people here use it to term anything they do n't like . 
  such as the enlightened people like you . 
  term is meaningless now really . 
  just a useful codeword for ` the guy i 'm speaking to is nuts ' . 
  btw , the greatest irony is that reddit activism is in essence the definition of ` sjw ' . 
  being triggered by inconsequential shit and taking things too far . 
  posting one or two subs , maybe . 
  at a certain point though , you reach a threshold of where people are no longer willing you 're arguing in good faith . 
  would you trust a person who posts in four anti-science subs to say things on the subject of vaccination ? 
  of course not . 
  ad hominem is irrelevant in a real life discussion , once the neckbeards see the light of the world they will find that nobody cares about ` logical fallacies ' . 
  if you have a neo-nazi making an argument about race , people wo n't bother to listen . 
  posting on those subreddits is a very clear view of his views , especially given the frequency of the posting . 
  he can lie right now about his views all he wants but a moderate he is not . 
   they 're not some bunch of misogynistic neckbeards , and the general idea of mrm is to fight the problems men face . 
  sure , but / r/mensrights is a misogynistic cesspit of immature young boys and men who do nothing but whine about women instead of advancing men 's rights . 
   the amount of sexist minority in mrm is no bigger than in feminism . 
  there is no sexist minority there , they 're all saturated with sexist views in their echochamber . 
  you 're really pushing false equivalency here , comparing a fringe internet group on a place as smelly as reddit to a movement that has near universal academic support . 
  on reddit you may feel comfortable saying that , but irl you 'd be laughed at , the entire western world to a degree shares belief in feminist ideals , even most right-wing western parties . 
  meanwhile / r/mensrights believes feminism to be the spawn of satan , too stupid to realise that no small part of feminism will benefit men as well ( views on rape are a patriarchal construct , the equal hiring of men and women in dangerous occupations , the ending of unfair alimony practises through the equality of the sexes , etc ) . 
  if you want such modest things as you claim which are perfectly reasonable , how is it that you post to the most sordid of subs on reddit that fall just short of outright calling for violence ? 
  noticed -8 by your name according to res , i rarely downvote or upvote people , so i checked out your post history to see why i downvoted you before ... what a rich history !, 
  / r/european , / r/mensrights , / r/tumblrinaction , / r/sjsucks , etc. ... a veritable smorgasbord of shite . 
  funny how one kind of idiocy complements various other kinds . 
  i think they call it '' [ crank magnetism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crank_\\ ( person \\ ) #crank _ magnetism ) '' that 's the sort of folk that post in immigration threads , / r/europe . 
   so yes , i would say that immigration concerns are even more important that economic policies . 
  yes , because if we can learn from history , it 's those dirty immigrants who more often ruined countries , and not , ahem , idiotic economic policies . 
  mind you , i 'm not some far-left sjw that you may imagine me as perhaps , i do n't advocate open borders , etc. 
  i just do n't like people who so often submit to / r/european infesting this sub . 
  fringe far-right racists are welcome to self-segregate themselves to their shitty subs just as no doubt they would wish to do with brown people . 
  i 'm just gon na go out right and say it , lots of racist euros but on reddit the racist amis outnumber the racist euros because reddit is a majority american site . 
  lots of right-wing ( american right wing ) tend to have racist tendencies . 
  i 'm not excited about immigration from northern africa to the eu either , i agree that measures need to be taken , but some people are too fucking obsessive over it . 
  it 's an argument that rests on an empty premise , and the premise is that somehow isis wo n't steal/destroy artefacts if we do n't pay them . 
  i think the events in northern iraq proved just how absurd this premise is . 
  so i do n't see the point of this premise . 
  i understand the argument that x is enabling y , but isis is a pretty fucked-up case , they 're not the everyday opportunistic run of the mill criminal really . 
  yes , and that 's another problem , you will never be able to stop anyone given the instability of the middle east . 
  nor will the stuff go to public collections either , it will just accumulate in the rich coffers of the russian/chinese oligarchs . 
  i 'm not here to debate morality , i do n't know anything about how this happened . 
  so i wo n't make any wild and blind assumptions either , unlike some esteemed members of this sub ahem . 
  i do n't even care if russia contracted isis to steal these artefacts . 
  i would be fine if they did , because you 're more naive than a little child if you do n't think isis would not have stolen or destroyed these artefacts anyway . 
  but naturally , how can one resist the juicy possibility of making russia look bad no matter the opportunity ?? 
  i doubt this is putin 's scheming , old bastard is busy in donbass . 
  probably some wealthy oligarch with an appreciation for history . 
  good for them , because isis is known to destroy any religious artefacts like these . 
  we 're talking about isis here , let 's be honest . 
  they will steal , loot and rape whether we incentivise them or not . 
  if we do n't pay for artefacts they 'll simply destroy them . 
  [ any time i hear `` it was just a joke , but i love how you took the b8 '' i think of this . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/htvnhea ) edit : complimentary insta-downvote from you in enough time for me to ninjaedit , who 's butthurt now ? 
  easy what ? 
  are you going to pretend now that i deny russian troops in ukraine because you like to manufacture scenarios in which you are enlightened man fighting against a sea of idiots ? 
  the smug is palpable . 
  there is but one idiot down in the thread , that 's it , possibly one deleted post as well . 
  but by all means , try to construct a narrative in which you are the brave and enlightened user that 's oppressed by the putinbots of this subreddit . 
  there are quite a bit of conspiracy theorists too , as the other user said , that subscribe to anything that is n't the ` official line ' because they 're cranks and cranks for some reason always find themselves on the wrong side of an argument . 
  do n't forget the 1,000 + russian spetznaz that died attacking donetsk airport . 
  the spetznaz definitely does n't report their own losses like the army does . 
  so yeah , the 220 dead is just scratching the surface really . 
  i 'm not sure , a communist-run system can be very effective in certain types of procedures , such as natal-related stuff . 
  check out the cuban healthcare system and particularly how it performs better than us at giving successful births with both the mother and the child surviving . 
  in fact , cuban kids are also more likely to live to 5yrs of age than american ones . 
  belarus is much like cuba in its healthcare system , except that belarus is n't perpetually bankrupt or blockaded , it has us ( russia ) to prop them up with certain types of aid and overall they have a lot more access to medicines . 
  it 's not a lovely country exactly in my opinion , but everyone i know who has been there seems to say that their social welfare system is top notch . 
  i post there regularly , it 's crazyland there . 
  most of them are n't actually russians , ` russians ' who are kids of parents who immigrated to the west or the crazy rt/sputnik-reading russo ` philes ' . 
  it 's a strange phenomenon , but it can be observed in almost all immigrant groups : the children of the first-gen immigrants get a distorted view of their homeland and often become jingoistic . 
  / r/russia is not a very good representative of russia online , i 'd say pikabu is a bit better , it 's like a russian version of reddit ( but really more like 9gag , so make what you will of it ) . 
  once again , funny to see nobody on reddit calling wwii era germans ` savages ' even though they come as close to ` savages ' as humanity ever came . 
  instead , we get the all-pervasive circlejerk of ' * man , you ca n't just hate on them , most were totally normal non-nazi good guys * ' . 
  but russians annex crimea and cook up a proxy war at donbass ? 
  savages get real and get your head out of your arse . 
  sarcasm mate ... you speak of russians being the perpetual savages as if you 're some sort of master race to be so hoity-toity . 
  alright , so tell me this , which nation since 18th century did not settle its conquered territories with their own people ? 
  how the hell do you think tatars got there ? 
  ever since the tatars settled in crimea , they have been a scourge of humanity surrounding them , doing everything they could to earn the hatred of all their neighbours unlike any other eastern european nation of that day . 
  to add to this , crimean tatars literally made the entire eastern half of ukraine - east of dnieper - uninhabitable . 
  read some history please . 
  ukraine used to be pillaged , looted and raped every year during spring , summer and autumn by tatar raiding parties . 
  then katherine ii put a stop to that and brought peace to the region .
