  i said that since georgia left ussr it improved in every ranking while moldova and ukraine fell . 
  that 's not colonialism . 
  that 's the opposite . 
  to be fair , moldova has no natural resources ... 
  but ukraine has nearly every in a relative comparison . 
  yet both ca n't seem to understand that simply blaming russia wo n't get them anywhere . 
  you know how much / r/europe loves it when some african official blames europeans for their country 's ills ? 
  yeah , you guys love that  but when the shoe is on the other foot , well , of course * they 're * to blame . 
  they 're not illegitimate , but it 's undeniable that for quite literally every ill that plagues ukraine the politicians there have one excuse : russia . 
  some of them are russian related . 
  many are not . 
  i am using georgia as an example because georgia cut corruption and grew economically after it separated from ussr . 
  meanwhile the ukrainian corruption kept growing and economy only kept shrinking after it left ussr . 
  with all the vast natural resources , with the best farmland in the world , with the second largest territory in europe and one of the largest populations in europe , ukraine has gotten nowhere . 
  before the donbass mess . 
  meanwhile georgia set an example to the rest of the post-soviet nations , russia included ( we could learn a lot from their anti-corruption campaigns , just as we could learn from romania -- if we wanted to of course which is another matter ) . 
  what would ukraine and moldova do without russia to blame all their ills on ? 
  look at georgia and how it improved , despite the war and being in the ussr . 
  now look at moldova and ukraine , who only got worse since ussr on nearly every socio-economic ranking . 
  it 's quite ironic to see you downvoted , the imposition of a singular forcer national identity is the definition of fascism . 
  i am glad the baltic countries do not force such a thing , because it would be fascist . 
  of course , if the people of this sub were to have it , they would willingly march under the banners of fascism , if only they renamed it . 
  no immigrants and forced integration into a monolithic identity ? 
  sounds like fascism , yes . 
  fortunately this sub is n't militaristic yet . 
  yet . 
  hopefully the fires of nationalism that putin ignited in the hearts of the russian people wo n't spread to the rest of the euros in the same sense . 
  nationalism is a poison , it breeds conflict . 
  err , what ? 
  how would russia do that ? 
  and how can russia fuck the middle east up any worse than us already did ? 
  c'mon , do n't hate on us , the worst we could do is the same , 
   but it 's not like they send armed forces to protect the saudi kings against the angry people ... they do n't need that . 
  is that so ? 
  are you too young to remember how bin laden ranted about the us troops on the holy soil ? 
   the american soldiers were stationed in saudi arabia for over a decade starting in the 90s . 
  so yes , they do need to protect the kings , they would n't send the troops otherwise . 
  saudis did n't like the idea of american boots on their ground , but they were more afraid of what would happen if there were n't those amis on their soil protecting their worthless asses . 
  west protects and coddles the saudi regime ... 
  without the west it would not survive . 
  the west needs to secure its oil and does n't like instability in the oil supply . 
  does n't matter if the us does n't get its oil from the middle east ... 
  the market is global , so are the prices . 
  iran deal just sunk the prices of oil in the us even though us does n't buy from iran . 
  but prices are global and that 's a pretty good reason to keep the oil supply stable . 
  wars do n't help that . 
  why did us deploy troops to protect the saudis in the 90s ? 
  why does it sell all of the things it sells to the saudi regime , even hardware that no other country in the world gets , such as special upgrade kits for the abrams or all the other masses of hardware . 
  us does n't just sell those to anyone . 
  it 's a special relationship . 
  iran has oil , where are its handouts ? 
  seriously . 
  rt does n't try to make itself look necessarily reliable , ultimately ( as a part of their greater strategy ) . 
  their tagline is ` question more ' or ` come to us for a second opinion ' . 
  they 're not expecting westerners to throw themselves down and believe everything rt says ( although some idiots do ) . 
  their aim is to sow misinformation , distrust and seeds of doubt . 
  their aim is to make use of the [ fallacy of the golden mean ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_to_moderation ) . 
  they scream crazy stuff and argue that the western media is all agenda-driven lies . 
  the idea that they try to push is that the truth is somewhere in the middle perhaps , except that while they have a slight point , rt is still too crazy to have any right to say this . 
  they 're too far into the extreme , and they 're also the most literal propaganda outlet you can have - a mouthpiece for putin , no nuance about it . 
  this is not very different from soviet propaganda . 
  they played the exact same game , just not quite as well . 
  i 'd switch the places of usa vs uk , but yeah . 
  a lot of genuine hate for us here , and it 's not like all of it is undeserved either ( superpowers do a lot of shit , good and bad ) . 
  uk is just friendly horseplay imo . 
  i play strategy as well , but i 'm not paid here to answer stupid questions that are ideologically driven and given in a dishonest context . 
  it 's called [ jaqing off ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/just_asking_questions ) . 
  absurdly big-titted women are common enough in games from mortal kombat to lara croft that we do n't have to pretend that they do n't exist . 
  the whole `` men are also objectified '' is such a pathetic excuse -- call me when overwhelmingly female teams make incredibly popular games for overwhelmingly female fans with ridiculous stuff , like giant dicks . 
  there are plenty of pop culture tropes of ` hot wife , average husband ' to make sure that young men are n't committing suicide or dying of steroid abuse en masse because our culture simply does n't accept non-jacked women . 
  hell , if you even ask most women , they wo n't say that they prefer ` ripped ' men necessarily . 
  just ones in shape . 
  objectification is far great of an issue for women than men , you do n't hear a lot of papers written on the objectification of men in the academic world , but you hear of plenty in the mra world . 
  which is really popular on / r/europe of course , every time this topic comes up . 
   the same thing also applies to what happened to the roman empire . 
  plague and war killed a lot of natives and it was impossible to fully romanise/integrate the immigrants the romans just kept letting in ( willingly actually , to replace the shrinking native population ... sound familiar ? ), 
  as a result , when barbarians found out they had the numbers advantage ... it was all over for roman dominance and culture in western europe . 
  my focus during my undergrad in history was the antiquity . 
  please do n't bring rome into this . 
  it happened a long time ago in a society very little like ours and i can assure you , nothing has been as often as misunderstood as the decline of rome , nor as often misused . 
  if you want a good historical parallel , look at recent ones and see what happened . 
  do n't use one from the antiquity . 
   i would not balk at the idea of russians being culturally similar to the dutch actually , i would agree with you . 
  if you compare it to arab/african/asian cultures then russian and dutch cultures indeed look alike . 
  relatively speaking , yes , but in a common comparison , nobody on this sub would agree when speaking about the majority . 
  this sub hates russia . 
  eastern euros balk at being mentioned in the same breath as russians , let alone the smug western euros . 
  we 're still very different , different enough to cause strife and conflict , which is all the difference you need really . 
  it is n't as simple as different leadership . 
  the dutch and the russian people have fundamentally different outlooks on nationhood and geopolitics . 
  are you really stating that sexism does n't exist in games ? 
  the giant tits , the bared women , the ` women as a reward ' , the ` rescue poor helpless women ' missions ? 
  games are commercial art , they are quick to use things like that to increase their profitability . 
  decline , yes . 
  would n't say so . 
  wahhabism became a thing in the 18th century and the ottoman sultans were quick to ban it . 
  in the 19th century the ottomans crushed the first wahhabi saudi state : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman%e2%80%93wahhabi_war without us and the rest of the west propping up the current wahhabi state , it would n't survive . 
  saudi arabia is a joke of a country . 
  it was scared shitless of saddam in the early 90s despite pouring billions into the latest tech toys for its military . 
  they were scared shitless of iran for a long time too .
