  plenty of / r/europe posters believe that . 
  if a russian ever said something so starkly antisemitic , they would get buried in downvotes . 
  but if a pole says it , it 's ok . what a bunch of goddamn bullshit , lol , you know full well that if i made that quote , i would be swimming in downvotes . 
  dem flairs mate , they determine who gets upvoted and who gets downvoted . 
  poles just have a victim status that they 've carefully built up online whilst russians are the current bad boys ( a reputation we deserve , however , poles are hardly the victims they play to be , only the unfortunate losers in a fight between two behemoths ), 
  i ca n't believe the absurd amount of butthurt poles on this thread denying every goddamn thing about how jews were treated in poland . 
  you little shits think you 're so much better than russians ... let me tell you something . 
  you 're the same sort of nationalism swine that supports putin in russia or posts pro-polonian revisionist history . 
  your kind speaks a different language in each country , but the traits are the same . 
  my people remember full well how poles treated jews ... we fled poland to moldova , only to die to romanians . 
  berlintsi , briceni raion , moldova . 
  poland treated the jews historically better than other nations , but then the russians conquered most of poland and fucked up a lot of shit , such as resettling a lot of jews into the pale , which was pretty much poland/belorussia . 
  we russians have a dark history of abusing the jews and this abuse spilled over into poland because we concentrated too many jews there . 
  my mother 's side is jewish , my ancestors fled from one country to another . 
  poland was n't easy place to be a jew in the early 20th century . 
  admittedly it was part russian fault for putting too many jews there , but you can not close your eyes on what happened . 
  holy jesus , you 're literally spouting neo-nazi garbage and getting upvoted . 
  i 'm sure the fact that jews were hated and discriminated against by poles had * nothing * to do with them living in the ghettos or refusing to assimilate . 
  but sure , let 's victim-blame the minority , it 's quite obvious that the real problem was that the jews would n't assimilate . 
  it 's also funny because poles often like to style their nation as some sort of beacon of multiculturalism and tolerance . 
  so where is your tolerance now ? 
   what happened to jews is wrong and evil of course , but our nation 's entire survival was at stake here , everyone fights for himself in these kind of situations , there were much more jews on this planet than there were latvians , plus there was nothing people here could have done about it , our country was destroyed in 1940 when soviets invaded , finland could save their jews because they were still a sovereign country , we were not ... . by the way , soviets also killed jews , they considered them '' rich people '' holy hells of whataboutism , you just packed more whataboutisms into that paragraph than the daily quota of whataboutisms in / r/russia . 
  / r/europe never fails to amaze me , the # 1 argument used against russians on this sub is ` whataboutism ' and yet you have no shame in using the same tactic against me ...  by the way , soviets also killed jews , they considered them '' rich people '' also , half if not more of our high leadership was jewish , that is to say until stalin began purging the old bolsheviks wholesale . 
  there is a reason why churchill and hitler were afraid of ` jewish bolshevism ' , the link between communism and jews was common as we were frequently the most educated people in russia . 
   i 'm tierd of listening to your insults and i 'm not going to give you satisfaction by repeting these . 
  i 'm bored with trolls . 
  yeah , that 's why ... and not because you got proven completely wrong . 
  read the damned article , will ya ? 
  it 's not an insult to call you ignorant if i present a sourced historical fact and you refuse to acknowledge it . 
  the negotiations were serious . 
  at least for the ussr . 
  the source mentions that the soviet foreign ministry was internally very eager to hold them an very upset that they failed . 
  stalin was more afraid of hitler than the west , he knew full well that hitler had ambitions of eastward expansion . 
  an alliance with the west was convenient . 
   you really should stop wating tv . 
  i do n't watch any tv , period . 
  never did , even as a child . 
  i live in the us , not russia . 
  i 'm not brainwashed at all because i did not study history in russia . 
  only in the us . 
   i just said that 's merely a theory and moreover , created by the soviet goverment and its services , for the propaganda purposes . 
  thankfully you 're not the only expert here , there are people who actually know what the hell they 're doing and devote * their entire lives * to study this matter . 
  admit it , you know shit nothing about what ussr wanted or did n't want foreign policy wise . 
  you and i are n't the experts here . 
  that 's why i am citing academic journals , they are written by people who study this , not by people with a nationalist agenda who spout empty phrases . 
   soviet intentions were purely expansionist , not defensive and most definetly not `` noble '' who the hell said ` noble ' ? 
  nobody has noble intentions in geopolitics . 
  why would you even use that word ?? 
  it does n't fit at all in here . 
  soviet intentions were * opportunistic * . 
  trotsky was expansionist . 
  stalin was n't , not necessarily . 
  this is like wikipedia-level history here . 
  stalin stood for socialism in one country . 
  trotsky favoured expansionism . 
  stalin won the power struggle by killing off the others . 
  stalin was paranoid and cautious . 
  he wanted to secure his power base in the ussr , he knew that ussr was weak and unindustrialised . 
  when the third reich invaded ussr , he fought back and then opportunistically seized the lands that his troops had to fight for . 
  you think he would just let them go after he paid in blood to gain the territory ? 
  stalin was not going to invade germany if hitler did not invade him . 
  stalin was not that stupid , he did n't want to drive hitler into the arms of the west . 
  west already hated communism . 
  yes , stalin did prove to be an opportunistic imperialist . 
  however , it is very difficult to say if his mindset was expansionist . 
  see , you 're accusing me of inventing theories , but you 're doing so now and here . 
  stalin could n't stop during wwii and not pursue hitler beyond the soviet borders . 
  nor would he free the territories he conquered to allow some of them to fall into the american sphere of influence . 
  he acted as any person pursuing realpolitik would . 
  in regards of the soviet intentions in general being offensive in nature , there is a pretty famous book on it , called `` stumbling colossus '' . 
  it 's by david glantz . 
  maybe you 've never heard of him , but he is the # 1 historian in the world for soviet union during wwii . 
  there is a theory out there that the ussr was planning expansionism . 
  however , it is discounted by the scholarly concensus . 
  i love how you accused me and my sources of repeating soviet propaganda . 
  is n't it ironic that hitler himself claimed that stalin was making preparations to attack europe and thus germany was making a pre-emptive strike ? 
  irony points +5 !!, 
  dunno where you 're getting your stats from , poles lost many millions to the nazis and i do n't think you can even find a legitimate source that shows even a million lost to ussr ( or if so , it 's not much over a mil ) . 
  in belorussia or western ukraine the poles were relocated , yes . 
  unfortunately this happened quite a few times . 
  those areas were deemed as polish conquests , not as poland proper . 
  same issue that happened to germans living in poland after wwi and wwii . 
  i gave you one good source . 
  scholarly , non-speculative source . 
  read it . 
  or google more like it . 
  i gave you what i had to . 
  you gave me nothing but your rants . 
  the burden of proof is not on me after giving a scholarly source to prove a historical fact . 
  this is n't like a matter of opinion or anything , the negotiations happened . 
  you 're an idiot though , i ca n't change that . 
  it does n't matter how many sources i give you . 
  you can argue certain points , but some things are just matters of fact , you can not argue that the negotiations did n't happen when they did happen . 
  stalin was a paranoid man who wanted to keep his brutal tyranny intact to continue repressing his subjects as he wished . 
  he wanted to do so without the threat of hitler . 
  he was very much afraid of hitler . 
  also , the west . 
  however , the west was farther away and the west also did not like hitler . 
  stalin thought he could make a deal with france and uk , the premier western powers . 
  it fell through .
