  * phonetic russian translit , i do n't have a russian keyboard on my laptop . 
  on the plus side , you homo-nazi westerners can still read it !, 
  well , i prefer beef above all other terrestrial meats ( seafood is better ) but i know some people who do n't . 
  beef has an aftertaste of a sort , kinda like mutton , but rather milder . 
  some people prefer pork/poultry . 
  do you like beef ? 
  or is it just a freedom issue for you ? 
  banning beef ? 
  what did modi do now ? 
  that 's what they say about everything ... and then it changes . 
  cartridges containing propellants shooting metal bullets , well , that could last a while , but who knows , i think our rate of change is accelerating rather fast . 
  lots of alternatives already out there , if not yet practical however . 
  i would be extremely surprised if 200 years later we still use them . 
  just because things change so slowly in blighty does n't mean the whole world is like blighty :p, 
  thank you so much for taking your time to answer the a10 circlejerk on reddit . 
  there are just some things that reddit really latches onto into the extreme . 
  like tesla vs edison for instance . 
  or this . 
  i remember when the a10 circlejerk took place in / r/military and a real retired air force general showed up in a ` a10 being retired ' discussion ... people still said he was wrong about the a10 , no shit . 
  jesus christ , i know it is a joke ... 
  i love how your respect for people only extends to your own filthy kind , when it 's talking about autistic people , i guess it 's fair game . 
  shame stalin did n't kill all of ya , huh ? 
  putin is the best < 3, 
  but i * do n't want it lol * . 
  i despise people who cover their nation in victim status , whether they deserve it or not , doubly so when they do n't ` deserve ' it . 
  which does n't even apply to poland , poland was a victim of the ussr . 
  the ` genocide ' part really ticks me off , genocide is a very serious thing like the total extermination of people . 
  ussr controlled poland and yet people still survived more or less fine in poland ( compared to other soviet people , obviously poles were much worse off under the ussr than independent ) . 
  more poles survived stalin than ukrainians or russians . 
  stalin is the 3rd worst evil in the universe after hitler and mao . 
  `` ultimate '' is really stretching it though ... 
  hmm , that 's a good point . 
  i am familiar with the polish operation , i know that stalin persecuted a lot of ethnic groups as he was a paranoid bastard who saw a lot of enemies . 
  i was not aware that the polish operation sought to kill all poles . 
  i was not taught there was any genocide there , and i was taught this in a us university . 
  i have read many books on the interwar period , none mentioned the word ` genocide ' . 
  please do not think that i am trying to defend stalin or to say that poland did n't have it so bad under ussr . 
  i have stated numerous times here that what ussr did was terrible . 
  however , the initial discussion here started with the statement that ussr was worse than nazi germany , a statement i do not agree with . 
  however , i can not deny what that particular scholar says , even if i was n't taught about it . 
  i agree with you and accept your correction . 
  i do n't know what the wider consensus is , but you have a point . 
   if stalin issued an order to kill `` absolutely all russians '' , just like he did for poles , then that would be true , yes . 
  yet by the arguments of metrics and many people here who use numbers to prove who is worse and who is n't stalin was far worse for russians than poles , where is my victim status ? 
  using such loose definitions of genocide , any mass killing is genocide , but that 's not how i was taught . 
  i mean , it 's meaningless at this point i guess . 
  fine , killing of poles was a genocide . 
  now that genocide is a term that applies to everything , it 's worthless . 
  stalin absolutely intended to exterminate all poles , sure . 
  but i guess it 's not necessary to have that anymore . 
  kill a certain number of people , it 's genocide . 
  whatever isolated scholars you cite , you wo n't find the wider academia of the us in general in support of such a definition , i can assure you if you make a question on / r/askhistorians if history professors in the us recognise that the killing of poles by the soviets was a genocide , very few if any will report that such a consensus exists . 
  you can also for instance cite some scholars who believe that on the eve of wwii ussr was ready to invade germany , but that 's another perspective not shared by the scholarly consensus . 
  i suppose stalin wanted to genocide russians and mao wanted to genocide han chinese too , yes ? 
  the amount of murders there dwarfs anything that happened in poland . 
  yet nobody considers it a genocide . 
  because genocide is n't about the pure metrics , it 's about the aim . 
  there is no such thing as a scholarly recognised genocide of the poles . 
  you ca n't just create a victimhood status for any sort of a mass killing , otherwise the word genocide is literally cheapened . 
  yes , that is how it works . 
  what ussr did in poland is terrible , awful , and very , very wrong ; i am very sorry for it but there is n't a single academic of history who will call it genocide . 
  well , other than a pole maybe . 
  are you a pole ? 
  maybe if you are polish ( i am in mobile ) , you lack all perspective because as many poles , you are so wrapped up in creating victimhood status for yourself , but i can assure you , i took many upper level courses on eastern euro history and not one mentioned the genocide of the poles by the soviets . 
  i took those courses in the us , of course . 
  however , they did mention nazi germany embarked on a general genocide of the slavs , poles included . 
  edit : i saw the instant downvote a second after posting , why do n't you cry some more ? 
  wo n't change history though . 
  lol , your history is literally nothing but ranting against feminists and sjws . 
  in the language of the sjws , you 're a `` brogressive '' . 
  support rights for yourself , but not so much for others . 
  smart move . 
  anyway , hard to take folk like you seriously . 
  the list is pathetic too , i 'm not even going to delve into what the * other * side does . 
  i 'm assuming the more ` liberal ' saudis prefer us , which is scary because some of them make / r/theredpill look downright progressive . 
  heh , i have to admit , i laughed . 
  but i can be gay for you too , assuming you are of age and not a neckbeard . 
  that 's a stretch , but if you so meet those requirements and if you 're tall and handsome , i can overlook your mind to focus on your body , 
  the intelligence is great in this one . 
  i never start these discussions mind you , i only sometimes visit them when the opening statements of comparisons are made . 
  why do others have a right to make nazi vs soviet comparisons but not me ? 
   not only disrespectful to the victims and their relatives you do n't need to shove the bullshit ` respect ' point to me , this is reddit , nobody here truly cares about respect when there is a political point to be made . 
  i lost a major , * major * part of my family to the nazis . 
  soviets on the other hand , massively improved the lives of my great-grandparents , my grandparents and my parents as well as to a smaller degree , my life . 
  my grandfather would have been dead if not for the soviet orphanages who took good care of him and raised him to become a successful roofing tile factory director that he became , able to provide so generously for my mother . 
  i have a pretty long story on my father 's side too . 
  soviets perpetrated rather massive horrors onto the balts , but there is a lot more nuance to ussr than there is to nazi germany . 
  the balts on this thread mention how nazis were better for them and in plain words say that they do n't care about what happened in other nations . 
  i can link to those posts . 
  i find that highly offensive and disrespectful to * my * relatives . 
  we can play the game of * shove the relatives into an argument to shut the other side up * until we are dead tired . 
  that 's why i came here to have a debate that does n't include questionable tactics such as those , where i was hoping to get a discussion that examines the facts of the two differing outcomes of each occupation . 
   as far as i 've seen people just like to discuss something that actually happened , rather than ponder what might have happened , if we came to be ruled by nazis however , poles were actually mass murdered under the generalplan ost , balts were next , only reason they were n't yet mass-murdered was because balts were useful collaborators -- for a time being . 
  you were on the list . 
  all slavs and balts were . 
  you 're not going to tell me hitler was n't going to go along with that , are you ? 
  he sure as hell went along with the extermination of the slavs ...  because unlike you we do n't consider that the only alternative . 
  nice assumption & strawman rolled into one . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i am a gay , liberal , progressive russian who lives in the us currently and studied history here .
