  you 're seriously expecting me to believe that the minority with few rights is at fault here and not the majority that 's oppressing them ? 
  what are the chances that the human-rights-loving , progressive , democratic and generous people of turkey that are totally not backstabbing kurds ( * like that one time when ypg -- held kobane that was far behind the frontline and full of civilians got attacked by isis that passed through turkey somehow undetected * ) are at fault here ? 
  like nil , hah . 
  that 's like saying the tatars deserved to get what stalin gave them because they collaborated with the nazis . 
  well , why did they collaborate with the nazis ? 
  probably because uncle joe treated them so well / s edit : downvoted me within the first minute i posted , stay butthurt , ottoman . 
  fortunately i do n't have to downvote you like a snivelling coward , people do n't need to see you downvoted to know that you 're speaking out of your arse . 
  ah , the youth of today , how short their memory ... perhaps you forgot the [ bloodbath that france gave algiers in 1950-60s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) ? 
  definitely in the top three most brutal decolonisation war of the 20th century . 
  algerians did n't flee to france because they felt like they 'd get paid more or because of some other conflict france was n't responsible for . 
  if france did n't want to have problems with immigrants , it should n't have colonised algeria and then brutally fuck algeria in a way that would make the ss nod with respect ( in fact , there were plenty of ss in the french foreign legion , one of the most brutal units during that war ) . 
  if i as a russian complain about chechens , / r/europe would rightfully tell me to fuck off and try not invading chechnya next time . 
  but if a frenchman complains about algeria it 's somehow ` woe the poor tale of the innocent oppressed french ' . 
  kinda harder to learn and get a good education when the government is more concerned with killing or containing you , rather than education . 
  child marriage is a symptom of poor education , not any sort of an ethnic or racial inferiority . 
  it 's like blaming the black people in the us for their higher rates of violence ... ... oh wait , plenty of people on reddit already do \\* shrug *, 
  i 'm a big fan of the mercian supremacy period , but the most famous king of mercia was offa , he was a jesus-worshipper . 
  king penda is pretty cool , but he was early on , before mercia became the dominant force . 
  you could almost make the argument that one of the reasons mercians rose to their standing was their diplomatic conversion to christianity . 
  there are literally * days * , not just hours of footage of donetsk being bombed by ukrainian forces on / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  indiscriminate artillery and su strikes in the early stage of the conflict . 
  obviously the crucifictions are bullshit , but the fact that donetsk got shelled is something every human rights organisation has noted and something that is incontriverible . 
  again , you can argue who caused this conflict ( * putin did , without him adding the oil to the fire ukraine would be restless and corrupt , but at least not at war * ) and who contributed to it by the shelling ( * the ua forces , they had no reason to shell donetsk because it served no military objective due to the inaccuracy of the fire * ) but you can not argue that lots of civilians died to the ukrainian artillery shelling . 
  i mean , look , i agree that turkey is playing the same game as russia , i do n't blame turkey for supporting turkmen proxies . 
  the idea is that if you support brutality though you 're just digging yourself a deeper hole . 
  i know eu dangles the membership to manipulate turkey and that a lot of euros are racist against turks , but i guess erdogan just wants to spite them and now he 's went too far . 
  supporting isis and this are just too much . 
  look man , i do n't know who you are , but i 'm from chernivtsi , i speak ukrainian and russian , i visit both , i have relatives and friends . 
  civilians got fucked . 
  i do n't know what stuff you 're smoking , but my countrymen got fucked . 
  so either you admit that or fuck off yourself before you disrespect the dead anymore . 
  now , i agree , * they would n't get fucked if it was n't for putin 's meddling * . 
  however , at the same time putin did n't force the ua army to pull the lanyards on their artillery either , or bomb from their planes in the early war . 
  there is blood on everyone 's hands . 
  i was subbed to / r/ukrainianconflict since its inception , i 've seen all the videos and all the blood that was spilled and documented there . 
  it 's terrible . 
  [ i already mentioned that in a comment right below yours , but you rushed to post before even checking that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3upo3a/turkey_to_hand_over_russian_pilots_body_after/cxgvcx9 ) considering that the ukrainian army soldiers killed a few thousand civilians with the artillery and bombing that was aimed right at donetsk , without any pretense of it being against a military target , i 'd say the treatment the prisoners got was fair . 
  unless they were physically harmed i do n't think what they got was horrible . 
  consider also that dnr and lnr never signed geneva . 
  now , russia did , so i hope that if russian troops captured ukrainians that they treated them well . 
  but dnr was n't obligated to baby them , they simply ( and hopefully ) did not hurt them . 
  though i 'm sure incidents happened , even if i did n't hear of them . 
  it was a nasty war . 
  i hope one day putin will answer for his crimes . 
  but it wo n't be today . 
  i 'm against putin and pro eu ( maybe in 50-100 years russia will join it , i hope to see it before i die , but at the same time i 'm also realistic ) , but i 'm not pro-erdogan , not sure what you mean . 
  unlike 60 % of this sub , i 'm against assad too . 
  we should have supported fsa early when it was viable . 
  now they 're screwed and disillusioned , with many having defected to jan and other more radical groups . 
  that 's what happens when you bleed for 4 + years and get little help . 
  right now keeping assad in power is probably the least painful option , but i do n't trust assad to be merciful in victory , so i just wish they could find a more liberal general to replace him and take charge of the country . 
  after the cessation of hostilities between fsa and saa ( whether by victory or peace ) . 
  not really on different sides as you may think , trust me ... 
  i do n't like putin and i do n't like assad . 
  i do n't like turkey either though . 
  i 'm actually fairly confident that we agree on most things . 
  i 'm very pro-eu , more liberal than 97 % of reddit ( to the point of receiving sjw accusations ) and i do wish that eventually russia will join eu ( sure , it 's a pipe dream , but a man can dream eh ? ), 
  it 's just that the pilot is not political , his ~ 5sec incursion ( check wikileaks release ) did n't warrant that when turkey flew over syria and armenia with russian sams ready to fire if they wanted to . 
  unlike turkish poking , the ruaf has legitimate mandate in syria and it was hovering around turkish border because turkey keeps sending arms and rebels through the borders . 
   there was a video of pro-russian rebels unloading dead bodies from a truck , laughing and mockingly playing with a stick into open skull of a dead soldier . 
  gallows humour , i do n't doubt what you saw , but i ca n't say i can condemn it . 
  war is brutal , soldiers often make light of dead bodies , it 's not like a civilian funeral of friends and family . 
  doctors make a lot of jokes like that too , believe me ( if you have a surgeon in the family , maybe you can ask ) . 
   i think the war in ukraine was n't brutal enough because it was n't total enough . 
  i think it was n't as brutal because russians and ukrainians are still brothers , very similar in culture and ethnicity and that the dpr-lnr official propaganda said that they were defending themselves from kiev , not trying to pick a fight with the common man in ukraine . 
  ukrainian soldiers who surrendered willingly got treated fairly well . 
  even ones who were n't willing got released . 
  but yeah , if it got longer or worse i 'm sure it would get worse . 
  unfortunately we 're not that civilised either , not to the level of westerners . 
  lot of brutality in ukraine and russia . 
  especially with all those radical pro-russian rebels and criminals filtering into ukraine . 
  or the svoboda/right sector supported volunteer battalions . 
  ah , well , same as in russia i suppose . 
  we 'll just have to see what russia says about this , if they spread the guy 's name or not . 
  if they do n't , it 's probably because they reached some sort of a secret agreement . 
  capture who though ? 
  we do n't know any of the names of the people who shot at them . 
  nor do we have the video footage . 
  if we had both , it would be very difficult for putin not to . 
  i agree it is n't in his interest to capture them , but he 'd have to if those pieces were there . 
  it 's not okay , as i said , but if i as a russian say that x country did y bad thing when confronted with a bad thing russia did , it 's whataboutism , but apparently if anyone else does it , it 's a legitimate argument . 
  so i may as well say something . 
  for one , there is no video footage identifying the rebels shooting down the plane . 
  if there was , i 'm pretty sure putin would capture them ( if they were found in russia ) and put them on trial just to allay the international community . 
  but again , it 's a hypothetical , hence why i pointed out the differences in the mh-17 and the su24 cases that make comparisons tricky . 
  apology is an admission of guilt . 
  us never apologised for the iranian civilian jet shootdown either . 
  problem is , the rebels are n't likely to pay off the relatives either , so yeah , sucks . 
  the difference is that we do n't have footage of the rebels doing it , so we ca n't go after them . 
  we do n't know if they were ukrainian insurgents or russian volunteers . 
  all we know is that they were idiots with toys that they did n't know how to use well enough to recognise an obvious civvie jet flying at an altitude that a military transport can not even reach . 
   in anyway they will be forgiven because of our hate for assad . 
  hate for assad has nothing to do with committing a crime . 
  usually these things go unpunished because of a lack of conclusive evidence , but in this case the fools recorded themselves . 
  what do you mean about the video can be seen ? 
  [ we know the identity of those guys . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3u6im0/the_turkmen_commander_alparslan_%c3%a7elik_who_shot_at/ )  erdogan will not do anything that undermines the rise of nationalism and maybe jingoism . 
  sounds similar ? 
  of course , i 've made no secret of the fact that both putin and erdogan are using the situation to score off some points with the respective nationalists in their countries .
