  and i believe this is what a lot of investors saw . 
  country is destabilizing european peace for ... hmm sentimental victory ? 
  no wonder they are running away . 
  so economic reasons are better ? 
  is it better to cynically invade iraq , cause hundreds of thousands of deaths , cause over 2mil orphans , cause the power vacuum that leads to isis taking over northern part , all for a bullshit excuse , a un illegal invasion and possibly oil interests , but even then you have to wonder why , because it 's not like us could n't have negotiated it more peacefully with saddam . 
  i do n't understand what you find so especially disturbing about crimea . 
  nations with ambitions ( however misguided ) of power tend to do things that project their power . 
  i love how you said ** european ** peace . 
  damn those brown people in middle east , but * european * peace is what truly matters . 
  i know i 'm being too bitter here , but it bothers me . 
  crimea had , what , like two deaths ? 
  three ? 
  two ukrainians , one russian ? 
  all accidents , two deaths related to drunkenness in an altercation ? 
  you have so much blood spilled in the middle east , but all you care about is your precious `` european '' peace . 
  war is bad . 
  putin is bad . 
  however , what 's also bugging me is the double standard . 
  europeans may whine annoyingly at us for iraq , but most of europe went along anyway . 
  covered their hands in blood . 
  illegal invasion . 
  now you school russia self-righteously . 
  international law is n't whataboutism . 
  international law has no policeman , it only has precedents . 
  when someone breaks a law , it creates a precedent for others to do so . 
  in a community with no policeman , each individual has to set an example for the rest . 
  putin would n't make an invasion if he did n't think he could get away with it . 
  there is international law for ya . 
   it all depends . 
  this is all about human minds . 
  if aggressor can sell story well market will react calmly . 
  this is what happened with war in iraq . 
  nasdaq even went up . 
  but people see the war as injust aggression they will flee . 
  happened in russia during 2008 and is happening now . 
  i see your point , so are you saying that better propaganda is the only truth out there ? 
  i mean , that 's fine with me , it fits well into the ` realpolitik ' perspective , but almost nobody on this sub will agree with you here . 
  2008 georgian war reminded me of the 1870 franco-prussian war . 
  one side cunningly provoked another side to take an offensive and cause a war that the ` defensive ' side was glad to have . 
  furthermore , i do n't think this is necessarily true . 
  wars can be declared legal or not . 
  donbass is illegal on russia 's side . 
  georgian war was illegal on georgia 's side . 
  iraq war was illegal on the american side . 
   china is different . 
  they care deeply about the economy and foreign investments . 
  they are even able to self discipline themselves and check leadership of the party every few years . 
  putin is different . 
  he can swiftly turn businessman into ruins because he pleases . 
  apparently you do n't read chinese news at all . 
  it is very common for high party officials ( * aka businessmen , most businessmen in china are government officials and you only succeed there thanks to the gov ` t * ) to fall into disfavour and lose all their capital . 
   can you name other country ( other than china ) where dictatorship was able to build robust , diversified economy ? 
  first of all , the example of china alone should be sufficient . 
  however , the soviet economy was also booming until brezhnev and it was pretty diversified . 
  the examples are all over history , fortunately thanks to my history degree i can easily name quite a few just off the top of the head . 
  take rok , it was not a democracy until recently and it boomed economically under chung-hee . 
  so did spain under francisco franco . 
  as did chile under pinochet , although the ` diverse ' point can be argued . 
  suharto did pretty well too , economically and while indonesia is n't quite an economic powerhouse on par with china , it certainly does quite well regionally - bangladesh also has a lot of people , but its economy is floundering to this day . 
  again , all of this is small fish in putin 's eyes . 
  to him , the value of a strategic location such as crimea is more important . 
  i do n't wish to call him wise because i do not believe he is , but some of the hysteria over crimea that i 've seen in western news is a bit hilarious . 
  putin does n't live by fiscal quarters and 4yr election cycles . 
  he has a much longer-term vision . 
  to him , in 10 years crimea will be justified . 
  economy goes up and down with or without crimea . 
  crimea however does n't switch hands very often historically . 
  i mean , do look at history . 
  russia spent so long coveting it , so long defending it and you can bet that putin would try to get it back . 
  a lot of westerners do n't understand the meaning crimea has for russians . 
  peter the great coveted it for a long time , failing many times before success . 
  crimean war was a major point of historical sacrifice for us , the heroic defense of sevastopol against the turks who got france and the uk to do most of the work for them . 
  then yet another heroic defense in wwii . 
  crimea was like pearl harbor twice over for us mixed with the allure of california ( us took it from mexico because it was juicy , we took it from an ottoman vassal because it was juicy ) . 
  now , i 'm not justifying the takeover , but the west fails to see the context of * precisely why russia wants it * . 
  except a few scholars . 
  the funny thing is that the academia in the us in the history faculty merely nodded , i 've spoken to many of them . 
  they knew russia wanted it , they understood why russia took it . 
  it 's not a moral takeover , but then geopolitics is n't moral either . 
   what is more harmful in a long run is that trust of investors and europeans were lost . 
  it will take much more time to rebuild . 
  invasions do n't ruin the trust , per se . 
  lots of countries do that . 
  neither does repressive leadership , look at china . 
  russia fundamentally lacks stability . 
  that 's something crimea has little to do with . 
  i agree , islam is not compatible with democratic british values . 
  however , you know what else i think is not compatible with democratic values ? 
  christianity . 
  it was historically a refuge of the monarchists . 
  i do n't like voters who actively identify as christian first and citizens/human beings second either ( look at the us christian right ) . 
  christianity has a history no less sordid than islam , in fact moreso i 'd say personally . 
  times changes i think that islam is perfectly compatible if it becomes something akin to christianity of today in most western euro nations . 
  a personal belief , that 's it . 
  i have very good bosnian friends here in the us . 
  they 're muslims . 
  but you can hardly tell . 
  i also have lebanese and jordanian friends . 
  again , i can not easily tell they are muslims . 
  you only know it when you know them very well .
