  i 'm a liberal by us marks and i 'm a part of this system too . 
  no more mind-boggling than the naivete of the american public or / r/politics ... 
  i know you 're not saying that those two are n't naive , but when you make a specific jab at this sub you act as if you do n't share the same problem . 
  if you simply call us out for being a black pot when you 're an equally black kettle ... 
  it just seems a tad stuck-up without extra context . 
  americans have a long history of dismissing europeans just as europeans have a long history of calling americans names . 
  yup , same here , minus the coulter thing . 
  evil , powerful , outspoken women -- my thing as well . 
  but the amanda knox one is the one where i can really identify . 
  i was very fascinated with her . 
  but do n't worry , she might not be really innocent for all we know , 
  speak for yourself , you 're norwegian  you never experienced it . 
  of course , neither did i , as a russian . 
  but whenever a non-russian mentions the word ` federalists ' i snort , because we 're a federation of a sort too . 
  it 's just that we are that sort of a most brutal hellish scenario that a eurosceptic would have you believe is being cooked up in brussels . 
  well right , but it was n't really a question . 
  it was more of a statement . 
  phrasing it as a question helps ease people into accepting the statement , but most people can cite several reasons as to the american insularity . 
  ah , nola too , eh ? 
  i went to loyola new orleans . 
   right on st charles , with the audubon park right across the street from our campus . 
  fun city , very nice to walk around ( unlike every other us city i 've been to ) . 
  mardi gras was pretty neat - it gave the city that sort of euro identity you do n't see in the rest of the cities here in the states . 
  lot of interesting stuff about the city in all . 
  ultimately , it was too small for me though . 
  i loved living in it , but finding work in it is n't the same as in a big city . 
  many more opportunities in an actual metropolis . 
  see , i think you just described how i feel . 
  everyone is racist , merely in different ways and it is in the nature of humans to be racist . 
  there are some pretty damning studies proving that [ children are by default racist ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2566511/ ) . 
  extended analysis :  in fact , even babies have a distinct preference for faces of their own ethnic background . 
  this has been extended beyond just african and caucasian faces . 
  this effect is not observed in newborns , but it is in three-month-olds . 
  the reason for this makes sense . 
  we have a cognitive bias called the mere-exposure effect  which makes us like things just because we 've seen them before . 
  babies are mostly exposed to people of their own ethnic backgrounds , so they start to prefer them . 
    an analogous effect can be observed in adults using implicit attitude tests . 
  by measuring differences in reactions times associating different groups with positive vs negative vs neutral words , you can see that your brain is faster at associating certain groups with certain emotions because there are stronger connections between those groups and those feelings . 
    this effect is measurable in perfectly nice , non-bigoted people . 
  even black people have been found to have an implicit negative attitude toward black people due to societal conditioning . 
   here 's a link to a bunch of implicit attitude tests if you 're interested : https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/demo/selectatest.html   the point of all this is that our evolutionary history has biased us to favor those who are similar to us . 
  it helped us form cohesive social units . 
  human cultural evolution with cities , states , countries , etc. 
  has advanced much more quickly than our biology . 
  therefore we need to use culture to overcome our own inherent prejudice . 
   so in a way it 's kind of depressing , but only by recognizing the problem can we hope to solve it . 
    the initial racial preference causes you to only surround yourself with people of your own ethnicity so you never interact with different people . 
  if you never interact with them then it 's much harder to empathize with them and much easier to believe that they are inferior . 
  there 's a tendency to think of them as ` other ' and therefore ` not-human ' aka a racist ideology . 
  when you view people as ` other ' then you do n't feel bad when you do things that harm them in order to help yourself . 
  yes , but the thing is that the ` worldly ' view puts things into perspective . 
  russians who do n't travel much are very similar to americans who do n't travel much . 
  both exhibit similar patterns of thought in relation to this issue - the excessive emphasis being placed on small differences . 
  the differences do matter , you are correct of course . 
  but if your threshold for those said ` differences ' is so minute , then almost every country is wildly diverse by that marker . 
  yep , the latter point is the truest one you have made so far . 
  american cities are indeed more mixed and you are indeed more likely to interact with other people . 
  that is very much true . 
  but why do americans seem so strangely insular then ? 
  i have never met a developed nation as insular as the us . 
  the rest of the world hardly seems to matter whenever i am spending time in the us . 
  it 's like a magical land , not really a part of the globe . 
  people back home often regularly cross borders and clash with * actual * different cultures , ones that speak different languages and are n't assimilated at all . 
  ones that do not assume a sort of a ` submissive ' stance of accommodation that immigrants are more likely to pull off than tourists or other international travellers . 
  people back home are acutely aware of other nations and what it 's like to be of a different nationality . 
  people in the us ask me the dumbest questions possibly on a daily basis , ones that stun me with their naivete . 
  my favourite one so far ? 
  that foreigners think in their own language . 
  you do n't get this in russia . 
  this is n't people being smarter or dumber . 
  it 's a result of the us being a superpower surrounded by two oceans . 
  the american culture is so dominant that there is no heavy exposure that americans receive of truly independent foreign cultures . 
  it 's interesting to note that from a perspective of someone who majored in the study of the antiquity , the romans were described by greeks almost * exactly * as i describe the americans . 
  almost every stereotype is similar . 
  but the point about americans/romans being the dominant culture is the strongest one . 
  which actually applied to the greeks themselves too . 
  persons who were the products of the greco-roman culture often lacked that intrinsic understanding of things being done many different ways in various lands that other ` lesser ' cultures were painfully aware of . 
  almost every white i know is ` iffy ' about black one way or another , some very openly racist and some not , but still uncomfortable in certain situations , or mindful of race where it would not come to me to notice such distinctions . 
  it 's a consciousness only they have . 
  a russian can ` catch ' it , i suppose , but it 's not a default amongst us . 
  russians are plenty hateful , but there is a certain ` racialist ' mindset that you have to have . 
  we do n't have too many blacks outside of moscow and we do n't consider asians to be different from us . 
  though the lack of distinction that russians make between ourselves and asians may be an indicator of a sort . 
  sure , we have our neo-nazis too , but a regular person does n't see asians as any different . 
  *** anyway , these were n't very good examples , but if you are asking about racism in the us because you do n't think americans are racist , then that 's quite amusing to me , because racism has been a deeply-seated historico-cultural feature of the american society . 
  there are lots of small examples everywhere that i see , but it 's pointless to go over each one . 
  people are n't racist to the point where they will disregard a ` good ' black man but it does n't stop them from disregarding blacks in general or a black person without knowing them . 
  i think you really , really , really overestimate the cultural differences of the different americans . 
  that 's ok though , i usually see this effect happen to people who did not live in several countries for at least a year . 
  now , i do n't know where you actually lived for extended periods of time ... 
  but i lived in five countries for more than at least a year and in six different states for at least more than a year each . 
  that gives you a very nice perspective ... 
  the differences in the us are so small and superficial that it hardly matters on a global scale . 
  it 's most definitely a different experience growing up white and black in the us but so is growing up in different cities in russia . 
  our cities vary rather dramatically unlike the homogenised cities of the us ( though as usual , the soviets attempted to rectify that problem with their [ famous cookie-cutter industrial-style architecture ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihdfd2rkrsi ) [ animated intro poking fun at that form one of our most classical films ] ) . 
  and i 've lived in some very unique cities here , such as new orleans . 
  that was perhaps the only us city that i felt had a ` soul ' like the ones i felt in europe . 
  nola is a very special metropolis . 
  too bad it shrunk so much after katrina , which is when i got there . 
  it 's barely half of what it used to be .
