  **** moral equivalencies like these may be convenient for you , but only because of the unfamiliarity that people have with these groups . 
  i guess the allied bombing of dresden and other german cities made allies no better than nazis , eh ? 
  how would you corroborate this with studies from the uk that show that those holding the most racist attitudes are the ones that have the least amount of contact with immigrants ? 
  does that surprise you somehow ? 
  that ignorance leads to hate ? 
  i 'm eastern euro and i 've lived in poland , ukraine , moldova and russia ; visited romania , czech republic and bulgaria . 
  people are a bit different but also very similar . 
  more conservative and less open to ` diversity ' than western euros . 
  any diversity . 
  sexual or ethnic . 
  i 'm not saying germany is n't wrong , i do n't like merkel 's tone either . 
  but you are far more wrong than merkel . 
  eastern euros are hypocrites . 
  we immigrate to the west because life is better there despite the fact that we do n't need to , then blame people who are running from death and destruction . 
  we 're close-minded and we may not know a lot about a group , but we know that we do n't like it because we do n't know them well ... and you 're enabling all that . 
  how can a person who does n't live in western europe have opinions on how western europe is structured societally ? 
  is it not obvious to you that people outside of an x country have no idea what it is like to live there ? 
  or is s [ weed ] en the paradise and russia the mordor that reddit would have you believe ? 
  ok , so we 're a bit bleak in russia , but sweden is no paradise and sharia has n't taken over france or the uk . 
  heh , that 's funny i 'll admit , but i have no sympathy for putin , he is a cockroach that is the bane of russia . 
  i 'm willing to tolerate an autocrat for maybe one extra term , but he 's been around since 1999 , he needs to move over . 
  it is never good for one autocrat to be in power so long . 
  and autocrats in general erode the democratic insistitutions of countries which is bad for their long term stability . 
  kaliningrad was a spoil of war , potsdam conference took away a lot of stuff from germany and all the allies agreed to it . 
  the idea was to make sure germany would never rise for the third time . 
  ussr for instance took massive amount of land from germany and gave it to poland . 
  poles hate the ussr but if it was n't for ussr they would have a small rump state and not the rich german-owned lands that ussr gave them . 
  to be fair , we took away their eastern lands , but belorussians and ukrainians eanted nothing to do with poles to the point of genocide them and were poor anyway , so it was a good trade for poland . 
  kaliningrad germans were all displaced because the allies especially hated prussians and they wanted to wipe the prussian identity and nationhood off the face of the earth , seeing how they saw it as the root of all german aggression and militarism . 
  by my own logic russia should have allowed chechnya to go in theory . 
  but in practise russia can not afford self-determination because we have dozens of very different republics within our federation state , many of whom have a different language and religion . 
  realistically speaking we will quell separatism with repression . 
  i do n't figure we 're unique here , i do n't see us for instance allowing texas to go free anytime soon , whatever fantasies some people in that state may have . 
  this is hypocritical yes . 
  however , that crimea wanted nothing to do with ukraine is a fact , during the 90s they had several referendums where they voted to separate from ukraine and ukraine simply ignored the results and the organisers had to flee . 
  people say they wish crimea happened differently , but i do n't see how ukraine would willingly give it up . 
  force was the only way to recover it . 
  and putin was just the sort of madman to do it . 
  putin may go , but crimea will be russian and the west will live with it eventually , just as it now lives with turkey 's situation with cyprus . 
  was it worth it ? 
  ca n't really say . 
  on the one hand , i 'm not a nationalist so i ca n't say whether it is worth much or not . 
  on the other hand , crimean takeover itself is usually described as bloodless , so i do n't see much harm either . 
  i just wish putin stopped there ... what he did in lugansk and donetsk he deserves to hang for ... 
  nah , i 'm cool if you are , but i do n't see why he is n't the devil though . 
  i mean , using that logic you could say putin is n't the devil yet not ukrainians feel that way . 
  i mean , putin is n't even genocidal , whereas banders slaughtered jews and poles . 
  putin has blood on his hands , but comparatively little . 
  i do n't see why bandera does n't deserve at the very same level of condemnation as stalin did . 
  bandera killed a great deal considering his * very * limited resources and the fact that he neither held a great stretch of land nor for very long , unlike stalin . 
  the fact that he was a nazi agent is not a widely disputed fact , i 've learned the same studying history in the us . 
  i do n't deny that he was a ukrainian patriot , but at the same time he was mindful of what the nazis wanted of him because he knew he needed their support to fight stalin . 
  she was born and raised in australia by a lebanese family , lebanese are as liberal as you get for muslims in the middle east . 
  i am willing to bet that she picked up the belief herself by a large part rather than having it forced into her . 
  i see a lot of first gen lebanese immigrants here in the us who do n't have problems wearing normal bikinis . 
  now sure , islam itself is a bunch of conservative men dictating things to women , but at a certain point it 's up to women to decide for themselves . 
  she made the decision of her own free will you could say . 
  neither are your arguments , which all amount to ` nu-ah ' ... 
  but what do i know , bandera-apologism is a full-time profession for any modern ukrainian netizen ... you wo n't catch me mincing words about stalin being a genocidal maniac or putin being the huilo-dickhead that he is . 
  however , when it 's the turn of ukrainians to admit their sins , it 's all youre a paid russian shill accusations flying against me even though every second post i make about russia mentions what a fucking travesty the putin dictatorship has been for russia and so on . 
  the only good discussions i had about ukrainian history were with my professors in an * american * university ( because all the ukrainian and russian ones spout nothing but lies about history ) or with * western * internet users who are sometimes on occasions capable of talking about the history of their country without getting defensive because their nationalism was slighted . 
  says the romanian , a country that channeled nationalism into eagerly slaughtering the jews for their nazi lapdogs . 
  my grandparents still remember how romanians came into their jewish village ( berlintsi , briceni raion , moldova ) , took out all the jews ( at least half the village , as we were a german jewish emigre village ) to the bathhouse by the village river and shot them all , clubbing and bayoneting the survivors . 
  the nazis watched on , but the romanians did all the dirty work . 
  maybe if you were n't so blind with the opium of nationalism and wanking so hard to militarism then you would see that perhaps it is ultimately good that italian were more chill about it and did n't try to rabidly exterminate their jews or effectively subjugate country after country . 
  better to have incompetent evil rather than effective evil . 
  sometimes having a big dick is n't everything , you also got ta know how to use it . 
  germans got their peckers up and real hard in 1939 , but by 1945 there was n't much of their country that was n't fucked in the arse by ussr&a llies . 
  italy got off relatively lightly when compared to that . 
  hell , hitler even planned to blow up all of the german cities and infrastructure to leave ` nothing behind for the allies ' , aka ` waaa waaa if i can not play with my toys nobody will ! ', 
  doctrine . 
  but yeah brah , nationalism is great , all things considered . 
  it 's not like my country , russia , is n't using nationalism to do enormously shitty things to itself and others around it . 
  nationalism is great . 
  do n't listen to cucks who tell you otherwise , they 're just stupid fucking cucks . 
  i said `` breaking others '' , i mean , if that 's not a proper literary metaphor , i do n't see what is . 
  also , crimea was russian for centuries until a soviet ( ukrainian ) premier gifted it to ukraine . 
  ukraine has been so eager to expunge all of its soviet roots that i feel as if it is almost a comedic divine punishment that in their manic zeal to cleanse themselves of all filth soviet they get the one main thing they did n't want to get rid of , hah . 
  i mean , sure it 's shitty and illegal , but i have to say i ca n't even feel bad , it feels hypocritical to me how they treat their soviet legacy . 
  especially the part where they do n't like ussr because one of our leaders was genocidal so then they support upa , which was 100 % led by genocidal leaders . 
  wait until they learn that most of what is now eastern ukraine was given to them by lenin during early stages of ussr ... 
  i mean , i am not saying they should give it back , but it 's really funny because for all the hate they have for ussr , ussr created the modern state of ukraine and gave it most of its identity ( even as it tried to suppress it in other ways ) . 
  an aussie muslim woman designed the burkini , how is it ` dictated by men ' ? 
  no more ` dictated by men ' than the ban itself , that has been promulgated by mostly men . 
  i do n't like the idea of religiously-influenced restrictive clothing , but the thing is , history shows that * forcing * people to change their culture or religious practises usually has the opposite effect and only reinforces those said practises . 
  especially with religion . 
  religion thrives on oppression . 
  some of the best ways to make religions popular were to ban them . 
  `` banning '' hijab or burkini is only going to radicalise muslim women and make them want to wear it more out of a statement of their identity and their perceived struggle for their own rights . 
  err , ` hate ' is a strong word for both of those . 
  like , people ` hate ' us , except that actual us-hating posts that i see get downvoted all the time . 
  mostly the us ` hate ' on this site is just americans being edgy about themselves . 
  you 're usually not allowed to criticise americans too much if you mention you 're a euro . 
  if you want * hate * , try a non-western nation like russia who is belligerently stepping on some european toes and breaking others . 
  or even better , try a nation with a different ` race ' , like china or an african/middle eastern nation . 
  that 's where all of reddit 's or / r/europe 's latent and not so latent racism starts showing . 
  why do i get the burden of proof ? 
  do n't point the finger at me when i can just as easily say that * you * are asserting something that * you * need to prove . 
  how can i prove if my argument that something * does n't happen * ? 
  how can i find articles that talk about something that i claim does n't happen ?
