  same went for 1991 . 
  ** however ** , in this case , the seizure of land was fairly illegal under international law ... russia could have went for abkhazia-style setup which would be fair , i suppose , following the precedent of kosovo ( that us , nato and eu insist was ` sui generis ' , but that 's bullshit ) . 
  problem is , russia did not , it annexed it , that 's kinda iffy in the 21st century . 
  i am most amused by ukraine demanding the gas back considering its outstanding unpaid gas debts , but assuming ukraine will actually pay back all the debts , it would suck to have to pay for this twice : s, 
  did ukraine pay for all that gas ? 
   ukraine owes russia far more gas money than that gas . 
  of course , the problem is that the gas was already charged for , so it is still theft on russia 's behalf . 
  but it 's not like ukraine actually paid for all the gas and it 's not like russia has n't already forgiven some debts ( for political reasons of course , but still , nobody expects russia to act out of goodwill ) . 
   sometimes people 's death is good , when it 's net positive . 
  i love how you got upvoted nearly unanimously here whereas any other time on / r/europe a russian saying ` sometimes death is good when it is a net positive ' will prompt a sea of go away russian commie-nazi haha euronigger savages ( paraphrased ) . 
  if you try to say that the sacrifice of stalin 's industrialisation is what saved the ussr during wwii and by extension saved europe , they will say that ussr is evil no matter the net positive , or the net positive of industrialisation , modernisation and education of the soviet days . 
  mind you , i deeply loathe stalin and i am far from a soviet apologist , but this sub is really one-sided , especially for someone like me coming from a history background in the uni ( an american one , too ) . 
  *** extremist groups need to go away one way or another , but the hypocrisy of the voting here stinks , i am so tired of this sub ever since the ukraine business began , though it is n't really fair of me to expect any westerners to have a balanced viewpoint of russia . 
  usually swings into extremes instead . 
  err , does n't look like that one in the pic , does it ? 
   suppressing their right to protest and assembly and intimidating their leaders . 
  that 's putin 's russia for ya , none of us have the wholly free right to do either one of those things . 
  granted , in ukraine protesting would n't do anything either , kiev would only ignore their plea for autonomy . 
   your approach to diplomacy is terrible , you ca n't intimidate someone into loving you and you ca n't argue with someone 's feelings . 
  you can only try and change the way they feel about you . 
  maybe your stern unreceptive position , which is likely also the stern unreceptive position of the russian government , is why the tatars feel scared of you --  hating you . 
  from the way you 're talking , i would not like to be a tatar in a territory annexed by you , you do n't sound like a very flexible or tolerant leader at all . 
  maybe you need to stop imaging me as hitler maybe ? 
  personally , i am for freedom for all and such . 
  but i 'm also a realist . 
  just because i have my personal views does n't mean mr. putin shares them . 
  in fact , he shits on mostly everything i believe in . 
  i explained to you how things actually were in russia and ukraine , not some utopian ideal . 
  i have no influence over either country . 
  but even with things the way they are , ukraine does n't seem to be able to give a good bargain right now . 
   russian repression of it is representative of how the russian government intends to treat them while they live under russian rule . 
  i will have to wait and see how this plays out , the western media have been saying quite a few things that were n't so about crimea , but after a year we might be able to see which way it swings . 
  i sincerely hope putin will try everything he can to get them on his side , i do n't see what he has possibly to gain from antagonising the tatars . 
  he is n't stalin , he is n't going to antagonise a portion of his country for no reason . 
  he always has a reason for what he does . 
  he shat on gay right because it wins him popularity from the many bigots of russia . 
  right now , i do n't see what shitting on the crimean tatars will give him . 
   wow , you need to lay off the kool-aid bro i do n't see how that 's kool-aid at all , what is so strange about that logic ? 
  if russia treats its own tatars better than ukraine treated its own tatars , then what logic is there to resisting russia . 
  * nobody * treats anybody in this world perfectly , every country has its downsides , the ` not well enough ' is bullshit because there are no absolutes , only relatives and relatively to ukraine , russian tatars got far more out of their minority status than the ukrainian tatars did . 
  crimean tatars only had two lands the lived in : ukraine and russia . 
  as far as i am concerned , modern-day russia is a much better place for tatars . 
  which is why i do not understand them . 
  i am ukrainian on my mother 's side ( ukrainian jewish since my grandmother on my mother 's side was jewish ) and yet you do n't see me blaming modern-day russia or modern-day germany for the holodomor or the holocaust . 
  what is done is done , both nations denounced the leaders that caused that to happen . 
  the antipathy of the ukrainian tatars is groundless as far as i see , and if that antipathy is truly strong ( which i do n't know if it is or it is n't ) they may be digging their own hole , as it will only cause the locals to distrust them . 
  russia may not persecute tatars , but the local russo-ukrainian populace in crimea is now in a semi-war mode , they 're jingoistic as fuck and at times like those , it 's not wise to rile them . 
  think vietnamese expats ( not that there were many before the war ended ) supporting the communists during vietnam-war era america . 
  stalin deported crimean tatars for allegedly supporting the nazis during barbarossa . 
  i remember the ss had tatar units , so i guess there was a cause , even if it was n't a just one . 
  i do n't seek to defend stalin , he was the worst piece of shit that ever happened to the ussr -- i 'm just saying , pissing off a psychopath with unlimited power tends to do that to you -- we all suffered under stalin . 
  however , stalin was denounced by the ussr right after he died . 
  same with germany and hitler -- they renounced him pretty quickly too . 
  most israelis today do n't hate germany . 
  i do n't see why tatars have to hate russia . 
  modern-day russia treats the tatars in its own borders better than ukraine treated theirs . 
  well , thing is , stalin came down on the tatars in the 1940s , so that 's like the jews blaming modern-day germany for the holocaust in my view . 
  stalin was renounced by khrushchev right after stalin died . 
  stalin 's ideology died with him -- even as putin occasionally supports the worship of stalin , putin is very different from stalin in almost all regards except the ` likes autocracy ' part . 
  i do n't see how the crimean tatars should harbour resentment towards russia about something a georgian dictator did to them in the 1940s , especially when stalin came down on a lot of people . 
  tatars have it better in russia than the tatars had it in ukraine . 
  tatars did not get an autonomous republic in ukraine , they had to share it with the other crimeans . 
  on the other hand , there are specifically tatar republics in russia . 
  i have n't heard anything of discrimination against the tatars in russia either . 
  i do n't see where russia is to be blamed for their treatment of tatars , i mean , stalin does not represent russia anymore . 
  interesting how it plays out , but i am tired of the western media insinuating that tatars there are given the treatment of jewish in the germany of the 1930s . 
  russia has most of the world 's tatar people , we have * pretty autonomous tatar republics * and the rumoured mistress of putin ( alina kabaeva , there is a lot of evidence for this ) is tatar herself . 
  russia is quite literally the last nation on earth i would expect to oppress the tatars . 
  i get it , we are the bad guys now , but jesus christ , we 're not nazi germany . 
  at least not to tatars , hah . 
  russians can be quite racist , but really , tatars are not in the hit list of russian neo-nazis , that would be the central asian illegal migrants usually , sometimes jews . 
  also gays recently , it 's really sad because the homophobia became one of the new bad things that rose up after the ussr fell . 
  my father spent the 90s in ukraine as did i when i was a kid , his best friend was gay and was murdered , contrast this to his experience in the soviet army during the late 70s , early 80s when he remarked that there were openly gay couples in his barracks who literally had sex there in the nights . 
  now things suck for the gays -- there are districts in russian cities where it 's still nice , but overall the less cosmopolitan cities are n't so great for gays . 
  ukraine is also fairly bad , but lately russia has been a lot worse because now the gov ' t is turning up the homophobia whereas ukraine has bigger issues to deal with . 
   putin has said multiple times that the collapse of the su is the greatest tragedy in the history of russia . 
  because it was ... 
  it was a very destabilising process . 
  you will never understand this as a westerner . 
  do n't get me wrong , putin is a shady man , but i do n't think this particular quote proves anything . 
  to a westerner , ussr was only about stalin 's terrors , that 's it basically . 
  that 's like judging 20th century germany on hitler alone . 
  the ussr may have had many problems , but it represented the heyday of russia in just about every possible category , whether it is the quality of life , economic power , political power , etc. 
  westerners used to higher living standards do n't understand this with their jaundiced eyes . 
  putin brought the living standards back up and even beyond the ussr mark , but the equal distribution of income has not kept up , so people still look back at the ussr fondly . 
  stability tends to bring more happiness than the rollercoasters of the capitalist existence . 
  am i a communist ? 
  no , not even that much of a socialist . 
  however , i do see the allure of the system . 
  dunno man , everyone from that contest sounds like a cringemine of corny shite . 
  ca n't listen to it for more than half a minute before i give up . 
  does n't help that most of them use english which they often either speak with a heavy accent or are simply mouthing off . 
  what happened to songs in their native languages ? 
  ruslana was sorta ok when she won , she did ukrainian , that went really well since ukrainian just has that rich sound that the harsher russian lacks , which makes it great for songs ( think okean elza ) . 
  but most of the pop rubbish that fills the eurovision is just carefully manufactured bait , safely lacking all originality . 
  let 's be honest , the conchita win was 95 % politics . 
  and hilarious politics , i enjoyed it , but it was politics , not music . 
  it 's goddamn absurd that putin actually pouts like a child at this , i do n't know if he is serious about his social conservatism or if it 's just a persona he put on to get votes . 
  the guy is a serpent , he will do or say anything to further 1 : his vision of russia 2 : his ego 3 : his image among the russian voters . 
  ... not that eurovision was ever about actual quality of music .
