  everyone has to come to grips with who their people were . 
  russians were mass murderers and mass murdered during the stalinist era . 
  to try to sanitise or sweep that under a rug is to be a vatnik , a nationalist putinist . 
  germans set a great example of how to deal with their dark history . 
  we should all learn . 
  no , generalplan ost specified 2/3 extermination and 1/3 slavery ( please do n't call it `` indentured servitude '' , it makes a person look like a neo nazi which i know you have no intention of doing , but when someone sanitisea something which would have been worse than even the chattel slavery in the antebellum us , it does n't sit right ) the real kicker is that the balts were to be included in the extermination , a fact that is lost on 99 % of the balts in this sub who love nothing more than to argue about how much worse ussr was than nazi germany . 
  just because nazis saw balts as useful paens for time being did n't make them less worse . 
  slavery based on the `` herrenvolk '' racial superiority doctrine was horrifying . 
  it is often contrasted in history how relatively well the arabs treated their black slaves compared to europeans who saw them as subhumans . 
  chattel slavery is a whole another level of evil , that 's why the plight of african americans is so harshly condemned ( also it was more recent of course ) than other historical acts of slavery . 
  again , a scholarly fact many people on reddit fail to appreciate and as a result belittle the suffering of the black people when it comes time to discuss race relations in the us . 
  but you 're on point about plan ost not taken seriously , apparently the extermination of the slavs that was well under way with greater number of civilian deaths than the jews was n't proof enough that germans were serious about plan ost . 
  i often get the replies of `` well that is just a retro-future hypothetical '' from the balts . 
  i mean , sure , i feel the balts for being treated really badly by stalin and massacred and what not , it is a dark chapter in soviet history , but just because you did n't feel it on your own skin as badly does n't mean something is n't worse . 
  there is nothing more horrifying than the extermination of an entire race of people , short of exterminating the entire humanity . 
  that would be a smart decision if he had a better plan himself , but whereas we stopped whisking off people in the night and executing them after stalin died , ceausescu kept doing that throughout his whole career . 
  also he managed to crash his economy even worse than ussr . 
  any soviet leader after stalin was objectively better than ceasescu . 
  in general , he strikes me as a mao sort of a guy . 
  poorly educated peasant who gets too enthusiastic about things he knew little about . 
  kruschchev was like it too , but at least he condemned stalin and stopped killing people or shipping off dissidents en masse to gulag . 
  sure , not a high bar , but we remember him fondly , kruschchev thaw was a time when russia could breathe free from the horrors of stalinism . 
  the czechoslovakia and hungary invasions were dick moves understandably , but during the cold war this was the norm , us engaged in bloodier wars in vietnam and also intervened far more frequently in various countries . 
  of course , us also had a solid economic plan that eventually raised everyone 's prosperity , which is why us and china are still alive and well whereas ussr is not . 
  that sounds like the sort of bullshit putin would spread , it works in his favour to weaken the eu and persuade people that it 's a scam . 
  the fact that this theory exists in latvia , bulgaria and ukraine according to other users just makes this more believable . 
  kgb and now the fsb is always big on spreading subversive propaganda of this sort . 
  though to be fair , right-wing anti-eu groups do n't exactly need russian encouragement to do this ... 
  even though they are likely getting some help from us . 
  i mean , conspiracy theories with russia are tricky because so much of what our government does is indeed very secret and intransparent . 
  note that i am arguing the inconsistency of the application of the word ` genocide ' , not whether or not x or why is a genocide . 
  you manage to twist my words into i ` agreed to x ' and then turned around to repudiate that . 
  whereas the point of my post was that / r/europe manages to call x a genocide but call a much larger mass murder apparently not genocide . 
  you see the difference ? 
  i 'm frustrated that the word ` genocide ' is politicised . 
  everything that russia does is genocide but very few of the western actions are also called genocide , even when they literally kill millions more . 
   and by the way , that `` caustic attitude '' is exactly how you speak everytime you get going about your history credentials and unerasonable / r/europe , so the manner i mentioned you in ca n't be the reason , can it ? 
  you can feel free to look over my posts on / r/europe , when the discussion is reasonable i am very reasonable . 
  unfortunately discussion is only reasonable when i 'm discussing how bad x and y are about russia . 
  people here really like that . 
  they masturbate to headlines and posts that rag on russia . 
  when i change the tune and talk about something that does n't fit their circlejerk , the comments turn nasty . 
  thing is , i 'm not here to masturbate . 
  i have a lot of problems with modern day russia . 
  but history is a separate topic . 
  i 'm not going to sit here while people run around with their own hand-crafted worldviews . 
  do you think i do this stuff to be nasty to you ? 
  why would i admit to russia genociding in one context but then intentionally create a nationalist lie in another ? 
  you 're accusing me of being a ` sham historian ' . 
  pray tell me , what 's my bias ? 
  i can easily point to yours . 
  you 're a nationalist pole . 
  this sub is full of them , you can hardly meet a non-nationalist pole in a history discussion , it 's like cockroaches coming out of woodwork . 
  how can i be nationalist however when i freely admit the horrible things my country did without denying them ? 
  do you think i have a weird schizophrenia where i admit to x but not y for reasons unknown ? 
  i have a caustic attitude on this thread because i was summoned with my username tag if you may see yourself under less than polite circumstances . 
  do you think that people can lie about me , twist my words and invent things and then expect me to be all nice to them ? 
  or do you think i take insults and downvotes with a smile ? 
  how old are you exactly ? 
  i 've been on this sub enough to know how the game goes . 
  if you 're russian and if you 're not criticising russia , you get downvoted , if the topic is about russia . 
  simple as that . 
  prove me wrong . 
  i have an attitude because people here automatically assume i 'm a putinist or a nationalist and treat me as such . 
  they can go fuck themselves . 
  if they want to start out on a different tone , i 'm open anytime for polite conversation . 
   have you tried not insulting people ? 
  usually works just fine . 
  i have smartass , but you think i walked into a friendly situation here ? 
  i 'm gon na get downvoted here anyway , i do n't care . 
  i have been on this sub for three years . 
  do n't patronise me , i know exactly what i 'm in here for . 
  every day i get the same treatment if i am posting on a topic regarding russia . 
  sometimes i have people randomly accosting me for no reason and on a completely unrelated topic because i have a russian flair . 
  * unless i am posting a post critical of russia * , in that case i get * highly upvoted * because i 'm the `` tokenrussianfriend '' - aka `` tokenblackman '' from / r/asablackman . 
  basically validation for the prejudices of this sub . 
  i mean , hell , russia is fucked up three ways from sunday and then some , or however that expression goes . 
  there is no denying we 're fucked . 
  but that is no reason to treat every russian as a putinist . 
  you 're just creating a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  if you 're gon na be a dick to me i 'm gon na be a dick to you , why do i have to suck your dick while i am insulted ? 
  many nationalist poles have their own nationalist bubble they peddle here . 
  if i try to counter that , i 'm a putinist . 
  i do n't care for russia 's honor or any nationalist babble of that sort . 
  it 's hilarious that people think i do , but not surprising since projection is one hell of a drug . 
  when you disagree with that group of nationalist poles they take a disagreement over history as a personal one . 
  i do n't even remember that guy but he remembers me , i had to dig back in my brain to remember which one of the poles cited a historian and i 'm assuming he 's the one , but either way , the guy is obsessed . 
  for what ? 
  i 'm not some evil putinist who is like a knight defending russia 's honor . 
  it 's shitty . 
  there , i said , it , what else do i have to say to have you people believe that i 'm not in this for nationalism or honor ? 
  that 's the reason on / r/europe . 
  it does n't matter what i post on the subject of russia , i 'm immediately cast into a caricature of a brainwashed russian as imagined by a westerner unless i precede my posts with grovelling of how shitty i am and how shitty my country is and how unworthy we are of the glorious and le enlightened europeans . 
  i do n't care what people think of history here , there is a scholarly consensus and i know what it is , i do n't need to hear angry nationalist rantings of a pole . 
  i do n't care what words he uses , just do n't call it the historical consensus and bring me into this by making shit up about me . 
  what kind of half-baked idiots am i talking to here anyway ? 
  why would a russian accept holodomor as a genocide but then act nationalist over the polish subject ? 
  the views ascribed to me are inconsistent . 
  i 'm not a russian nationalist , i would n't be living and studying in the united states if i were one , i would n't have views more liberal than the rest of reddit and the shithole that is / r/europe ( it 's funny how mra and/or racist and overall reactionary this sub is when the right topic comes up , yet how quick they are to condemn non-western reactionaries ) . 
  you 're an idiot and here is why .
