  the damned horror !, 
  if i showed up to work in what he was wearing , i 'd head straight to hr , and not on my own terms . 
  reddit has strong problem with tolerating diva behaviour from people they admire and tolerating nothing from people they do n't admire ( random woman sometimes , that 's enough to set it off ) . 
  / r/circlebroke is peraps my fav meta sub , / u/khiva did a very good analysis of the [ reddit circlejerk ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/15s60l/anatomy_of_a_circlejerk_or_a_grand_unified_theory/ ) and how to [ use the analysis to predict probable reddit reaction ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/1hdssi/how_using_a_few_simple_rules_you_can_predict_the/ ) . 
  poor feminism made the guy cry !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm crying right now , i know i am acting a bit dickish , but you 've got to be joking mate . 
  we have thousands dying every day from the sort of the stuff that sjws fight , like racism , sexism , other far-right stuff , and you 're telling me about a guy who * cried * . 
  and not just about anything , but about a wildly inappropriate clothing in front a a very massively broadcasted event that was supposed to be the ` best foot forward ' demo of the esa . 
   under the russians we 'd probably be even more russified now if we did n't break free , and under the germans we 'd see similar fate only on a much quicker time period . 
  wrong . 
  btw , i really like you , remember that one time when i said there was a really reasonable latvian here , probs 1-2 days ago when you replied to me ? 
  that 's you  you 're a really sensible sort of a person , you do n't swing into the extremes like almost every balt here that i see . 
  however , you are wrong here . 
  you would n't get a ` similar fate ' of germanisation . 
  you have n't been reading the nazis plans for balts apparently . 
  besides the blond hair/blue eyed kids and the ethnic prussians , the rest of latvia , lithuania and estonia were slated for extermination coupled with partial enslavement until your kind died out . 
  of course you do n't , arguments are inconvenient . 
  i love how anti-sjw people say that ` sjws only feel , facts do n't real ' but then do the exact same . 
  you posted a lot of emotional stuff without any concrete reasoning behind it . 
  you 've never even seen a sjw . 
  you 're basing your understanding off a highly skewed version of reality that reddit presents to you on a very controversial topic . 
  that 's really irresponsible , i would n't trust reddit to provide me with analysis of anything recent and controversial , these things are highly biased . 
   what looks like reactionary lunatic nazism to you is far too tame for me . 
  we all have our own lenses , do n't we ? 
  problem with the whole ` lenses ' argument and the ` sjws are as bad as far-right ' is the difference in the actual effects . 
  sjws are a non-issue outside of internet , really , how many people have their lives ruined by them ? 
  on the other hand , racism and other far-right ideologies can lead to a lot of actual harm . 
  even mra/trp , take eliot rodger for instance , the guy went seriously postal . 
  reactionary ideologies limit the progress of social rights for people . 
  minorities deserve greater equality . 
  funny that a fucking russian has to make this argument on / r/europe . 
  sometimes the progressivism on this site is skin-deep , it 's progressive when it comes time to criticise putin , but reactionary when it comes time to be honest with oneself and criticise your own situation . 
   why ? 
  because you are suffering from sjw hysteria . 
  less reddit/4chan has been shown to aid this ailment . 
  i 'm not telling you categorically to leave this site , i 'm suggesting that if you think that sjw are a ` disease ' getting off reddit and living irl helps you get over it , irl sjws simply are n't there . 
   but i live in europe ( well , asia currently , but not relevant ) , and so my never seeing it in real life leads me to say it 's an anglo disease - because it only ever appears to be coming from americans ( and slightly the uk ) , with plenty of real life interactions influenced in the u.s. by these very same sjws you claim do n't exist . 
  so you 're basically admitting you 've never met an irl sjw and you have zero actual experience in the countries that are supposedly infested with them so you read bullshit reddit/4chan bait and think it is 100 % real ? 
  you realise that continental europe is far more socially progressive than us or uk , so if you 've had any chances of seeing a sjw , it would be in western europe , if you live there . 
  i have lived in several euro countries and currently reside in the us . 
  i can assure you , no sight of sjws irl . 
   sounds like you need to take your own advice and leave reddit . 
  i certainly have no interest in going to tumblr - not now , not ever . 
  if you do , and if you loathe reddit so much ... why are you here ? 
  because i value discussion with people i disagree with . 
  because i value a site that has content that i sometimes find interesting , but also leads me to come in conflict with people i disagree with . 
  because i do n't want to be in an echochamber like you , and to become as hopelessly deluded as you are from spending too much time in an echochamber until i 've lost my ability to distinguish between what is real and what is hysteria . 
  the fact that i am a russian on / r/europe should tell you something , i am sitting in a sub where sometimes i get random abuse just for my fag flair . 
  i do n't post on / r/europe because i expect people to jerk my dick in a grand ol' circle . 
  also , because i am very active on / r/hardwareswap and i make a lot of side money there , so i 'd rather not leave this site . 
  i can be a fan of something and still retain enough perspective to remain critical of it . 
   well , if the supreme authority and self-proclaimed sjw says so ... that sure lends credibility to this statement . 
  do n't trust my words , you blind man who does not wish to have sight . 
  i 'm not telling you to go to tumblr because i think you will love it . 
  i am telling you to go investigate . 
  you are deluded in an absurd hysteria . 
  going on tumblr will show you that it 's no worse than reddit . 
  it 's a bit more content-light , ahem , but it 's also more decentralised , it 's a blogging site , you ca n't really compare it to a link aggregator like reddit . 
   they are n't big . 
  they are n't even medium . 
  they 're on life support . 
  you 're fucking delusional . 
  amount of people who seriously say `` kill all white cis male shitlords '' is literally a few hundred , maybe a couple of thousand , and they 're not actually serious about hurting men either quite likely , judging by the lack of any real incidents . 
  you have n't answered my final paragraph however . 
  racism is a real issue , are ultranationalists . 
  kill thousands of people every year . 
  sjws ? 
  never heard of a single fatality . 
  i 'm sure it can happen , but let 's not play games here , one is a real thing , one is manufactured outrage . 
   i only speak for estonia , but based on actual experience from the point of locals , nazi germany was better . 
  during the nazi occupation between 1941 july and 1944 september there were no repressions on a comparable scale ( vs what ussr did ) . 
  nazis did commit crimes in here ( concentration camps for jews ) , but not against estonians . 
  i assume that this fact is not up for debate , or is it ? 
  not at all , balts were treated better because hitler realised their value as temporary collaborators . 
  also , stalin brutally invaded them after the two dictators drew the buffer zones in molotov-ribbentrop pact that followed a failed negotiation to procure a defensive pact between anglo-francia and ussr . 
  balts during wwii had every reason to be friendly with hitler and next to none to be friendly with stalin . 
   citing generalplan ost is just a convenient what-if speculation , that is used to justify actions of ussr . 
  is it really weird , that we prefer the actual real life experience to what if speculation ? 
  speculation if you 've never seriously studied history . 
  a reality if you did . 
  generalplan ost was well in action in other occupied territories that were hostile . 
  read , poland , ukraine , belorussia , russia . 
  it was not in action in areas that were collaborating , read , baltic countries mostly , also allied romania/hungary . 
  once the war was over , you were next . 
  you escaped , many poles , russians , ukrainian , belorussians and jews did not . 
  ergo nazis are better because your skin was saved ? 
  dubious argument , only works if you do n't look at the wider view . 
  that 's why i have such a problem with balts that share your perspective . 
  they completely ignore other facets of nazi germany that were outside of the baltics . 
  martin niemoller had a good point about this . 
  that 's why american academia ca n't take you seriously . 
  that 's why i learned history in the us in a very different manner than you did . 
  to give you perspective , you 're no better than the millions of elderly russian voters these days who remember the good ol' ( for them ) soviet days and overlook those who went to gulags or the subjugated nations because * it did not affect them personally * . 
  that 's what * pains * me the most . 
  you 're doing exact same as the russians you hate . 
  ** however ** do n't take it as bitter criticism from me , i do * understand * why balts feel this way . 
  i know russians are at fault here , i know that ussr is the reason why balts feel this way and i am deeply , deeply sorry for the shit we dumped on you , the horrors of the occupation . 
  and now the antics of putin that completely whitewash that . 
  i just wish that some balts of the new generation studied enough history to look beyond that in terms of ussr vs nazi germany comparison . 
  also , why is it that time after time all the balts on this thread have to twist the words of mine ?
