  if one tries enough they can get laid in any country , but then they would n't be a neckbeard would they if they knew that ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling , but try writing a list like that for europe . 
  it will take a whole book to list . 
  yes , but the war in ukraine would n't happen without russia . 
  also , referring to ukraine by calling it `` the ukraine '' is no longer the accepted usage , it implies that ukraine is a region of russia rather than an independent polity . 
  ukrainians do n't like to be referred to as `` the ukraine '' . 
  yes , and compare it to europe and it was more relatively peaceful still . 
  the less fractionalism you have , the less intense and frequent the conflicts are . 
  europe was very much divided which led to massive internecine wars which dwarfed things such as putting down minor insurrections or the slow nature of conflict between persia and ottomans . 
  you did n't actually think that i was going to claim it was a pacifist utopia , did you ? 
  it 's just that comparing europe and middle east should never lead to the conclusion that `` the middle east is a neverending hellhole of sectarian wars '' . 
  the whole `` shia vs sunni '' thing is massively overstated too , just as religious tensions in europe were overstated when the underlying causes were usually geographical , political and economic . 
  sounds like someone had his fee-fees hurt , did i hurt a poor racist ? 
  you 're awfully angry yourself for accusing me of ranting , your obscenity-strewn rant in itself indicates that you may find my views objectionable because they hurt your chauvinistic eurocentric pride . 
  oh , wait , nevermind , according to the mass tagger you 're from / r/kotakuinaction . 
  welcome to the wider public , i hope your mental retardation wo n't be too much of a handicap in the wider world , 
  we 're on an internet forum . 
  anyone can say what they wish to others . 
  no need to be butthurt about some chauvinist getting schooled about his ignorant views of a region they know little about . 
  he can say his ignorant things and i can say that he is ignorant , that 's the beauty of it . 
  the rest of this sub will read and decide if they are ignorant or if i 'm a prick . 
  or maybe both . 
  but i do n't care about being polite when i see hundreds of millions of people dismissed as savages . 
  chauvinists do not deserve politeness . 
  i will be as polite to them as they are polite to other cultures . 
   things like that , do n't you think ? 
  maybe  more simple things but are they so simple ? 
  what you listed in my view is the most complex thing of them all . 
  if we learn anything from history it is that human nature does not change . 
  only the means through which we express it do . 
  in the 19th century we thought that technology would make 20th century a utopia . 
  instead we got the ultimate perversion : technology as it turns out , can be also used to create the worst hell on earth you can imagine . 
  and the germans did it . 
  the most educated of all the europeans . 
  that was the ultimate irony . 
  if some middle eastern nations did it , / r/europe would be sitting here and smugly stating that europeans are above such barbarism and would never do it . 
  but we 're not . 
  wwii was a great lesson to us all . 
  anyone can become a willing accomplice in genocide . 
  hitler * forced absolutely nobody * to kill people . 
  he was very tolerant when it came to accommodating ` aryans ' . 
  every german person killing the jews , gypsies , retarded people and the slavs had the chance to transfer . 
  he was a finicky person too , he hated the sight of murder and never visited any death camps , which is one of the erroneous reasons why holocaust denialists deny the holocaust or deny that hitler had it done . 
  technology will not stop wars or political reality . 
  but it may give us new windows through which we can keep on projecting our human nature . 
  wars probably will not stop . 
  and politics will definitely be politics no matter what , so authoritarians will still persist . 
  problem is , syrian civil war is not sectarian in the ` religious sect ' sense . 
  it 's more sectarian in the ` ethnic sects ' sense . 
  it 's not shiite vs sunni . 
  i just explained the relationship in the previous post of mine . 
  it 's : * kurds * pro-assad factions ( alawites , most shiites , christians , druze , cosmopolitan sunnis in certain cities ) * anti-assad fsa factions ( secularists , democracy supporters , moderate muslims , plenty of radical muslims as of late , mostly all sunni but not necessarily ) * isis - radical sunni , but also kills many sunnis and the core of isis comes from the iraqi baathists who were ideologically pan-arab nationalists leaning towards secularism , so one may be curious at to the true beliefs of the isis leadership . 
  combine all of this with the fact that anti-assad factions are mostly peaceful and usually cooperative with kurds despite their opposition to kurds on religious grounds and also as of late assad has frozen most conflict with the kurds . 
  meanwhile up until recently assad and isis had a bizarre semi-truce wherein both focused more on fsa as fsa stands in the way of both groups achieving their ideal conflict scenario . 
  all of this looks like a standard set of a political divisions , not religious ones . 
  assad formed a minority coalition based on whatever differences he could find that would set them apart from the majority population that he was controlling in syria , seeing how the alawites were a small minority . 
  assad is not sectarian in the sense that he does not accept sunnis , after all , he did appoint ahmad badreddin hassoun as the grand mufti . 
  for those unfamiliar , a grand mufti is a sunni religious leader , the head of the sunnis in a specific muslim country . 
  assad is simply smart enough to know that as a minority leader , he has to build alliances with other minority groups if he is to maintain his power . 
  **** this does n't really look like a ` religious ' sectarian conflict . 
  it looks like a minority government shoring up a diverse coalition against the majority group . 
  common in the post-colonial world , see for example the rwandan conflict for another famous example of the same thing . 
  there is , but it 's complicated and not at all evocative of your wording in your intial comment . 
  pithy , sarcastic statements like yours just make you look ignorant . 
  do n't repeat them , learn from your mistakes and move on . 
  there is historical conflict between any two given religious groups living side by side , but once again , until the europeans came along in the 20th century and drew up their borders , the ` millennia of shia vs sunni wars ' did not really exist when you compare the region to any other similarly diverse region of the world . 
  therefore invalidating your whole statement . 
  you sound like someone whom my history professors would rip into at the beginning of term . 
  or just use your viewpoint as an example of what not to think . 
  polisci majors are often the ones spreading the worst misconceptions about history , because they do n't learn the underlying causes and yet they get to see the effects , but fail to understand the modern historical consensus because nobody taught them that . 
   arguably ** tribal ** . 
  my fav bit . 
  good luck explaining it that way to someone who teaches middle eastern history . 
  they 'll love you !, 
  tell them how superior europeans are because of technology and how we used technology to mass murder people and almost blow the world up . 
  technology is great , but your outlook on history is ripped straight off late 19th century treatises . 
  technology in and by itself is not ` advancement ' . 
  it is only how it is used . 
  and even with the proper usage , i 'm not sure what basis you can use technology to compare nations . 
  are you proud of exploiting the rest of the world to fuel your technological revolution and then invading them when they attempted to break free of your influence ? 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  i 'm not advocating that we should be ` ashamed ' of our history , but neither am i advocating for some pseudo-supremacist viewpoints . 
  that 's the way it happened and that 's how it was . 
  it is extremely frowned upon in modern academic history circles to have a chauvinist mindset in relation to other regions especially on the basis of ` technology ' . 
  it 's a very victorian outlook . 
  we have technology , they do not , we are superior , they are backwards tribals , also science can do no wrong . 
  yes , that 's a good example , i 've heard of the irish conflict being described that way , but not very often in regards to other conflicts . 
  i guess the yugoslav wars can be regarded as such , but i do n't often see that word used especially in popular usage . 
  same goes with the war in donbass , except nobody is calling it sectarian really . 
  sure , russia is cooking it all up , but it 's undeniable that they are exploiting sectarian tension . 
  you can not simply start a war without pre-existing divisions . 
  edit : i should say that i was using the definition of ` sectarianism ' as a broader one based on ethnic as well as religious lines . 
  in a very specific sense , religious sectarianism will not apply to ukraine at all , but then again , neither is syrian civil war really sectarian . 
  spreading beyond our planet , or alternatively uploading our minds onto computers . 
  hypothetical future scenarios , yet inevitable if we are to advance technologically . 
   the middle east is going through the same shit europe went through in the late middle ages that 's also extremely inaccurate . 
  only ` same shit ' in the sense that wars are common . 
  except that modern age europe ( modern age is typically 1600 + ) was just as full of strife . 
  mediaeval conflict was organised on the feudal basis which is alien to us . 
  even early modern conflict seems bizarre to us .
