  subsurface navy was the only navy worth calling a navy , so when you say it is less sophisticated than the western equivalents -- pretty funny because it was generally considered a greater threat than western subsurface navy -- that would be rather ignorant . 
  it 's bigoted because it plays onto the old myth of ` hurr durr russians drunk untermensch who are like a rotten door waiting to be kicked down , all bluster no force ' . 
  hmm , where did i hear that before ? 
  also very popular on / r/europe of course . 
  go to america and insinuate that americans are unintelligent fatties , see how much they love you for saying that  it is ignorant because it is a factual statement that is based on stereotypical but erroneous knowledge and it is bigoted because it assumes that russians are dumb and slovenly , a very common sentiment on this sub i might add . 
   perhaps from erroneusly extrapolating from the quality of the rest of the navy you claim is indeed inferior ? 
  ` extrapolation ' is a fancy word of ` pulling things out of your arse ' . 
  based on the quality of this sub i can extrapolate that most western euros are racist pricks who disdain gypsies and african immigrants plus also muslims , but i 've been to much of western europe and i know that 's not really true . 
  the cultural philosophy of the jews was always hoarding money over building relationships . 
  you know why your remark is ignorant ? 
  because submarines were the one thing russians did well . 
  you can disparage our surface navy , it was a collection of floating junkers , but the submarines were cutting edge , that was the pride of the soviet navy . 
  it 's like a racist making fun of black people for having small dicks . 
  that 's the thing though , it 's very ignorant and bigoted to say so because quite the opposite was true . 
  russian submarine technology was always top notch . 
  subs were the only russian things we put in water that were worth their salt . 
  yeah , the surface navy was shit , soviet union knew it could never compete with american navy . 
  so it went underwater , as it was seen as the only domain of the seas where we could survive and thrive . 
   which have tended to be less sophisticated you 're absolutely right , we 're drunk half the time and when we 're not drunk , we 're still slavic untermensch after all . 
   one of the most peaceful and forward thinking nations on the planet . 
  le sweeden amirite goodsirs ? 
  tips le ~ ~ fedora ~ ~ yuropean bicorne, 
  you did n't recognise them ? 
  they 're pretty visibly distinguishable . 
  that 's normal for russia too . 
  granted , we dig our wells very deep with machines , but still . 
  my grandparents have a pretty snazzy farmstead , but while they do have indoor plumbing and bathroom , they use an outhouse pit toilet . 
  they do n't have sewerage in the village , so you make your own plumbing system and most people make shower/bath/water sink , but the toilet outdoors because i guess we do n't use septic tanks in russia . 
  my problem is n't the treatment i get on this sub . 
  that 's a symptom of the problem . 
  my problem are the * opinions * on this sub . 
  the flair change does n't change that . 
  only time will . 
  it 's already getting better now that the conflict is dying down . 
  i thought about it , it is true it would make things a lot better . 
  but then i remembered that i do n't care about karma -- i care about seeing how people feel . 
  that 's why i post on reddit . 
  and that 's why i pay attention to the voting . 
  i want to say something and see how many agree . 
  i do n't want to hide my nationality . 
  hell , i could easily switch to ukrainian flair , i was born in what is now ukraine -- chernivtsi , in the west actually . 
  i am just as ukrainian as i am russian , but i am a russian speaker so i have a russian flair . 
  so far this thread has been kind to me , perhaps with the ukrainian conflict fizzling out into another ` russia keeps a border nation hostage with a frozen conflict ' scenario the users of this sub are starting to forget the outrage that was whipped up here a few months ago . 
  hey a turk , you probably know better than anyone what i mean , better than me . 
  russians are the ` niggers of europe ' in terms of how western europeans perceive different ethnicities , but the racism against turks is actual racism , as opposed to the dislike of russians . 
  i do n't feel racism as a russian , i only see mean things online , that 's nothing . 
  i 'm just a whiner :p, 
  you simply have to not even go to the comments section if you do n't think / r/europe is / r/fuckrussia ( and i mean fuck russia , not fuck putin , which he richly deserves ) . 
  [ ok , here is one where i commented . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2coctn/russian_tourists_stranded_abroad_as_travel/cjhfk9o ) top of the thread you see . 
  and the sheer irony of you saying i have a conspiracy theory/persecution complex , coming from a sub where every downvote or person arguing against the western view of the ukrainian conflict is a ` putinbot ' or ` kremlinshill ' . 
  what 's more outlandish , that people are racist dicks or that putin fucking himself is spending money to sway the gent [ le ] sir opinions of the redditor neckbeards ? 
  mind you , i tend to agree with the western view of the conflict far more than i agree with the russian view -- and it is obvious that putin spends money to curry influence in the west , but the sheer absurdity of this site thinking it 's important enough for paid shills to astroturf in a tiny subreddit ... how do people not understand that there are other people with different viewpoints that are passionate about them , without needing to be paid ? 
  you have n't , i hear it all the time . 
  every time question of putin comes up here usually . 
  yeah , definitely persecution complex , fuck off . 
  oh really now ? 
  have you checked how sensitive americans ( or europeans ) are to being grouped with their government ? 
  but it 's all fair game if it 's russia , you know how many times here i 've been given a 19th century pseudoscientific lecture about how russian people are ` inclined ' to ` want a strong leader ' because of ` cultural reasons ' kinda like jews are ` inclined ' to ` want to hoard money ' because of ` cultural reasons ' or blacks are ` inclined ' to be lazy and criminal because of ` cultural reasons ' . 
  this sub is a joke , it is a parody of itself . 
  yes , the president who / r/europe insisted rigged the elections to get himself voted into power . 
  here is the funny thing . 
  / r/europe both hates putin and claims he rigged the elections to get into power but at the same time they also hate russia because we supposedly voted him into power . 
  ya ca n't fuckin ' have both ya see . 
  either he rigged elections and russians are n't to blame or he 's a legitimate democratic leader who did get voted into power and russians are to blame , but putin is n't as much ( as he has the mandate of the people ) . 
  / r/europe frequently gets lost in this conundrum , i see users here regularly scoff at the legitimacy of russian elections only to then turn around and say ` fuck russians ' -- and get voted to the top of the thread for saying that . 
  it 's like little kids who call you a faggot and tell you that you probably kiss girls , ye nasty pervert . 
  **** also i love how a romanian quickly composes himself and insists that `` it 's different '' when i make a comparison . 
  how typical . 
  i 've met one romanian user here once ( onerichbastard was his name ) who whined about swedes being racist against him , and once i even called him out on it because in the next thread he was being racist against the romani and hungarians ( lol ) . 
  if romanians are being persecuted it 's the end of the world , but if you point out to a romanian that he too is engaging in acts of racism , then he will give you a long lecture as to ` why it is different ' . 
  do you like my generalisations about your people ? 
  i did n't do anything that putin did to ukraine , and yet if i do n't preface most of my posts here with ` putin sucks and please forgive me for all that he did to russia and other countries ' i usually get downvoted here . 
  that 's ok mate , i 've long resigned myself that / r/europe is just as racist as the rest of reddit . 
  just watch most threads regarding russians . 
  maybe you will see the same now , 
  washington burning and american troops retreating confirmed ? 
   eastern * friend * aww , we 're friends ? 
  ; _ ; that 's so nice of you to say , not many eu countries want to play with us these days :(, 
   i really did n't expect amelia . 
  i know , right ? 
  if i had a daughter i 'd want her name to be aemilia ( just the daughter , would n't be so cruel as to name my son aemilius ) . 
  but now amelia is too mainstream and i i do n't know of any other names that are n't stupidly mainstream or too ` speshul snowflake ' . 
  ideal name is somewhere in between . 
  i know , right ? 
  you 'd have to be crazy to side with the other team , hillbilly trash vs a sophisticated and timeless , infinitely wealthy -- basically a modern-day count of montre cristo , minus a burning and stewing desire for revenge ( you want to marry a forgiving guy , i 'm sure ) . 
  what i wonder is , how many years in a row does fyrom name their sons after alexandros ... 
   as for jewish population - general consensus is that it was n't a one-sided affair as there were jewish auxiliaries within upa itself and pogroms were decried by oun leadership as useless or even harmful to the goals of the movement . 
  see , this here is why i do n't know what to suspect about you . 
  you can even find some jewish people who aided hitler or thousands of ukrainians who aided stalin . 
  then you can also find hundreds of reasons to explain away and rationalise the holodomor . 
  anything from arguments that stalin was punishing them for not supplying food as they were obligated to to the cities or that holodomor was n't just a starvation in ukraine , for instance i had relatives in moldova and russia that starved just like my ukrainian family . 
  but you know what ? 
  i 'm not going to use any of these in an argument to somehow give stalin partial rehabilitation or to lessen the evils he comitted . 
  i do n't think there is any excuse for stalin , he was an evil man and he exemplified a major flaw in the soviet structure that proved that the soviet system does not work -- sure , the rest of the leaders after him were ok , but the fact he was allowed to exist means that it could happen again . 
  i am also not going to deny or try to minimise holodomor as you are denying or minimising the impact of upa . 
  basically i believe that you 're arguing from a fundamentally bad faith perspective . 
  you sound like every nazi or stalin apologist i have heard and that does n't make me feel good about what you say even though you 're pretty reasonable thus far . 
  there are many seemingly reasonable ways to argue for stalin in exactly the same ways you use to defend/minimise the evil of upa  i do n't think i ever heard any praise towards the actions against poles ( although i did n't mingle with really hardcore crowd ) . 
  how is that a defense ???
