  which * does n't mean that we can not unite with eu * . 
  but it does however mean that we have historical baggage which we have not shed , as of yet . 
  you know damn well what happened there , they got off on a technicality of never putting the promise in writing , read the article instead of summarising it ( which you did , so do n't misrepresent it ) . 
  they heavily implied and even said that they were n't going to do it , then they did it . 
  but of course , no promises were broken because gorby was an idealistic fool who trusted those people on a personal level , only to be dismayed afterwards . 
  if he knew that they would swindle him , the tanks would roll in and the uprising would have been brutally crushed , just as china manages their provinces of xinjiang and tibet . 
  thing is though , buffer zones are a fact of geopolitics . 
  you ca n't expect russia to not do what every other powerful nation does , how the hell is that realistic ? 
  interpersonal relations and international relations are not comparable . 
  funny thing about international relations is that all ` laws ' are made up and that the only right is might . 
  no matter how much posturing us does , everyone suspects how it is really like . 
  i mean , fuck , it sucks that poland is in the place it is , and i seriously feel for you here . 
  no sane pole wants ussr . 
  but russia is n't asking for much at this point , just no nato in belorussia , ukraine , georgia , kazakhstan -- the immediate borders in short . 
   everyone here casually misses the fact that this `` promise '' is worthless and damn well illegal . 
  you ca n't just give something that is not yours to give . 
  people are not meat to trade and be split away in areas of influence , not in this region and not anymore at least . 
  that shit will not fly in the 21st century . 
  you 're kidding me , right ? 
  i mean , you are obviously correct , it 's bullshit that countries can do that , but that 's how us rolls and that 's how ussr used to roll . 
  that 's how geopolitics works . 
  it always has been and always will be dirty . 
  i do n't even feel like giving you a lecture to explain why this is unrealistic idealism , especially since i 'm sure you know why it is unrealistic . 
  i will be visiting chisinau in a few weeks , my uncle lives in botanica , 
   i kind of thought that was his game plan in crimea to begin with . 
  first he 'd occupy it , only to magnanimously give it back to ukraine under very favorable terms ( for russia ) , but keeping those pro-russian voters within ukraine . 
  now i do n't know anymore . 
  hehe , if you thought that , then you really lack a perspective of someone who has lived in both russia and ukraine :p putin would never back down once having done something that big , that would make him look very bad . 
  and he still has the pro-russian voters within ukraine , he never lost them . 
  the idea is that he will maybe posture at the eastern ukrainian borders and then ease off , but posturing is n't the same thing as actually invading . 
  he invaded crimea , but perhaps he wo n't invade the east , well , most likely . 
  or maybe he really likes to follow nixon 's school of international diplomacy  _ <  to be fair , i think the west recognizes this , for the most part . 
  there is zero serious desire to expand nato to ukraine or georgia . 
  that said , western ukraine definitely wants to move west , not east , economically and politically . 
  it 's what precipitated this whole crisis and russian tanks wo n't change that . 
  they do , but so much has already been done that it can not be turned back , putin has a victim complex coupled with an inferiority complex and with nationalism and conservatism thrown into the pot . 
  not a good mix . 
  if you look at georgia today , you will probably see the ` right ' way to go to the west . 
  corruption was being cut since the saakashvili days and now bidzina ivansvhili 's block is still heading west , but in such a manner that still leaves a place for russia to be an important partner . 
  ukraine is n't doing any of that , corruption there is significantly higher than even russia 's and their way of heading west is to tear up everything with russia , despite russia always having been a crucial trading partner . 
  stupid . 
   you do n't see the u.s. forcing cuba or venezuela to join nafta at gunpoint . 
  cuba is a bad example , why in the world would you mention them ? 
  the blockade us has been carrying out on them is illegal according to international laws and it has been hurting cuba rather desperately . 
  what us did with cuba makes russia look good , christ , why would you even bring that up ? 
  russia is ` threatening ' and ukraine with ` economic warfare ' as yatsenyuk said , but he knows he 's making empty talk because russia is merely cutting the subsidies that ukraine has been getting on gas prices . 
  if fair market price is suddenly ` economic warfare ' then charging money for food in restaurants is ` forced starvation in concentration camps ' . 
  it is interesting , however , to note that my father knows yatsenyuk personally , he worked in ukrsotsbank in chernivtsi in the 90s , yatsenyuk was a big shot there . 
  a very smart , educated fella who is rather amusingly hiding his jewish upbringing lest his antisemitic voter base of western ukrainians turns against him ... 
  reminds me of zhirinovski , but in a more serious manner . 
  problem is , us never had issues signing it before ... and the treaties are mutual , so you break a weapon , i break a weapon . 
  good for both , yes ? 
  does each side not trust each other then , or is the voter base simply ignorant ? 
  i 'd love for russia to join europe , but old hardliners like putin hold us back  _ < i like what the new europe is doing , i love the idea of the eu and i desperately wish for a future of russia within the eu . 
  but that will take much time , and i foresee that russia will have to go through a conflict ( probably internal ) before we are ready . 
  [ this is what i was referring to . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/30/opinion/30sarotte.html?pagewanted=all ), 
  [ no , if you bothered to read about it , you would see that it was a very tricky situation . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/30/opinion/30sarotte.html?pagewanted=all ), 
  if you remember , us pulled out of several arms limitations treaties ... before the tensions too ... 
  in fact , obama was fine with that , even as he preached his dream of global disarmament . 
  i did n't get that part either , what would it cost him to renew those arms limitations treaties , especially since he already promised to ? 
  i can understand difficulties in the us legislature , but all he has to do is sign the treaty . 
  congress can choose whether it ratifies it , but obama can take the first step . 
  it was an agreement between george hw bush and gorbachev , not an official nato pledge . 
  of course nato denies it now , but even nato was hesitant to take in post-warsaw-pact states at first . 
  lol , i am sorry , you 're just trolling here , and i fell for it at first  _ <, 
  they can seal borders , they have the capacity , and they would n't mind seeing rok shoulder the burden of integration . 
  their primary concern is rok ( and so us as well ) troops on their border , however . 
   the us does not steal land like russia . 
  tell that to [ half the iraqi children , which are now orphans ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-children-of-iraq-was-the-price-worth-it/30760 ) , and [ more than half a million dead . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lancet_surveys_of_iraq_war_casualties ) . 
  i 'm sure they are ecstatic that their land is intact . 
  i have no idea where you are getting your righteous attitude , europe may legitimately criticise russia , but us criticising russia now is a joke . 
  us did all its land-stealing back when it was still in vogue . 
  but us never collapsed and had to rebuild either , it does n't have a situation like crimea which was russian for a few hundred years until a ukrainian premier gave it to ukraine back when it did not matter , but then ukraine took it in in 1991 under the udnerstanding that russia would keep the sevastopol base , but then the new opposition gov ' t revoked the lease extension , so russia just took the matter in its own hands ... 
  us promised ussr that it would not expand , that broken promise is what allowed your country to go free . 
  i guess you forgot that though , it 's easy to forget inconvenient facts . 
  if us was gon na play hardball with gorbachev in 1991 , he would have sent in the tanks and we would still have ussr . 
  but they sweet-talked him into disarming and disassembling ussr in the name of peace and democracy . 
  which would have been all good , if it was n't for that broken promise , which has been the driving force of putin 's bitterness . 
  *** i know it will never happen , i 'm just saying that getting invaded by a country changes perspective , ask some of the middle east ... 
  you do n't really have any moral ground to speak here , so why would i care ? 
  i do n't give a shit personally what you call it . 
  if us thinks it is entitled to certain rights in the sphere of geopolitics , you should n't be surprised that some other nations think they are entitled to the same things . 
  if us gets a buffer zone , russia wants one too . 
  you ca n't get all the cake and expect others not to reach for some too . 
  especially when you got nearly all the slices and others are only asking for a fraction . 
  russia had fears that it would lose it to the brits , seeing how the crimean war was just several years earlier . 
  so it was decided that russia would cut its losses and get at least a little on the chance that it would get nothing if britain invaded . 
  what else are you referring to ? 
  i ca n't argue with this post , you 're right of course . 
  i am not arguing the ethics of all of this . 
  it 's shit , putin is shit and the behaviour of russia is shit . 
  but as long as the west has its buffer zones and its illegal invasions and its hunger for bases right near russia , so will putin continue its shit . 
  if nato never expanded , putin would be content sitting in russia as he was , the guy 's got an inferiority complex about russia , he wants to revenge the west for the humiliations of the 90s and early 2000s when russia was powerless and got pushed around , when it saw serbia , one of its most ancient and crucial allies lose kosovo on the same premise , without russia being able to do anything . 
  now he thinks he can do whatever he pleases because he is bitter against the west . 
  nobody really cares about ethics here , geopolitics is n't about playing nice , last time us invaded two countries , tens of thousands of people died , putin is playing a comparatively light game here . 
  i 'm sure you love us , but i 'm sure your mindset would be different if you got invaded by us , instead of being invaded by russia . 
  it depends on his aims really . 
  he got crimea almost without spilling a drop of blood , he got record-high popularity .
