  i said that both modern-day russia and ukraine are results of a german catalyst to split apart and weaken the russian empire . 
  and i do n't say this as a russian nationalist , it does n't matter to me who was born where personally , unlike you . 
  i could n't care less if russians are just children of ukrainians , i do n't have an emotional attachment to this history , just pure scholarly interest . 
  so calm your nationalist pecker . 
  i do n't want to hide him , again , that 's your unironic suggestion for me to shut off all opposing views despite blaming russia for the same . 
  i 'm just saying , it 's stupid that this sub upvotes him and how he panders too . 
  of course he does n't have negative karma , i just explained why . 
  also , this sub is n't the only sub , i do n't have negative karma either . 
   since mh17 alone already constitues a good 25 % of all civilians killed in the conflict . 
  forgive me , i did not count that as i was trying to specify ukrainian civilians . 
  obviously the mh17 flight got plenty of coverage . 
  the mh17 flight was a mistake that the rebels regretted too , believe me , putin included . 
  for various reasons of course . 
  when ukrainians order grad bombardments into cities they know civilians will die . 
  when rebels targeted mh17 they thought it was an il-76 or an an-26 . 
  even the sbu intercepts noted that , although it 's difficult to say which ones are genuine and which ones are not since they are n't always accurate and then sometimes they 're very accurate . 
  us and ukraine both have shot down civilian airliners with sams and in their cases it was n't even over a warzone . 
  mistakes happen even with better-trained men . 
   but i do n't think it was designed to fail by the west . 
  i do n't believe it was deliberate either , but there were many other instances of the west deliberately weakening the crumbling ussr and later nascent russian federation . 
  not that i blame them of course , it 's natural to do that to your former adversary . 
  i 'm just saying , things have consequences . 
  at least that 's how putin sees it . 
   maybe if you openly express a pro-ukrainian sentiment , then you 'll have better results . 
  why would i do that ? 
  i am russian . 
  i can be critical of russia but i have no reason to be pro-ukrainian because what benefits ukraine will not usually benefit russia the same way . 
  not anymore at least , not with all this mess . 
   the more russians consider ukrainians as equals , and not members of `` lesser russia '' , the less you 'll be considered vatnik-katsapi . 
  i have lived in chernivtsi for half my life , i speak fluent ukrainian , i voted for yushchenko even as i was skeptical of him but while my mother is ukrainian , my family speaks russian and we consider ourselves both . 
  i did not vote for putin after i moved to russia and now us and if you read history carefully you would understand why russians do n't stand against putin . 
  he had the perfect environment , he made all the right steps and he crushed all political and journalistic opposition just before people started wising up to him . 
  nowadays most russians can not imagine a russia without him , because the russia without him was the russia that gives us all nightmares . 
  ukraine was always mismanaged and people were unhappy -- and politics were unstable , so no single party could get too much power , even as they tried their hand at the same methods of intimidation and murder as are much more commonplace in russia . 
  the instability and the really shitty governance of ukraine actually came out to be for the political good of ukraine as ukraine has not fallen into an authoritarian quicksand . 
  if ukraine had a strong and relatively capable leader like lukashenka or putin , it could have easily fallen into the same trap . 
  say what you will about belarus and russia , but according to * the economist * data , they were the only two non-baltic republics of the former ussr that actually improved in gdp . 
  that 's important . 
  you know very well that ukrainians and russians are basically the same people , we are not two different cultures , we are just two flavours of an eastern slavic post-soviet culture . 
  kazaki is historical nationalistic bullshit , do n't let rosy state-sanctioned view of history cloud your sense , i am a history major , i can bring up many examples of why it is fallacious . 
  the republic of novgorod and the traditional slavic cities were democratically ruled too by a soviet , it was only with the arrival of the mongols that autocracy took on its ` classical ' russian character . 
  you could likewise argue that because of something several hundred years ago russians are also democratic . 
  except that 's bullshit . 
  ukraine is n't democratic because of cossacks and modern ukraine is n't some continuation of cossacks , it has more to do with the germans creating the two ` independent ' ukrainian republics during both wars than it does with the cossacks . 
  same thing goes for the ussr curiously enough -- the germans probably made the crucial difference by helping out the bolsheviks early on . 
  funny how germany was a catalyst there , eh ? 
  i do n't have problems with stories , i have a problem with op , check his post history . 
  yes , people like / u/3dom who while probably having good intentions is nonetheless despicable to me in the way he abases himself in front of this sub and how he spins outlandish theories about the imminent collapse of civilisation in russia ... like the liberal michelle bachmann/glenn beck of this sub . 
   usually constitutes an unfalsifiable belief ( whenever it talks about some people , others are ignored =  therefore it 's evil and biased ) . 
  yet you can not deny the interesting silence over the eastern ukrainian civilian casualties in the western media . 
  i mean , i read it all , i subscribe to * the economist * , i read bbc every day and i live in the states now so i read or watch assorted us newspapers/programmes . 
  it 's very quiet about the hundreds that are dying to the ukrainian army . 
  i see mh17 coverage , coverage of rebels being dickholes ( to be fair , many are ) , i see huge amounts of coverage of palestinian casualties lately but i never see anything about the ukrainians who die at the hands of the ukrainian army . 
  the ratio of civilians killed by the ato and by the rebels is probably 10:1 by now . 
   i do n't think the eu would have a problem with a strong , less nationalistic , democratic russia . 
  of course , because it 's an improvement . 
  but ideally eu and the us would like to see a weak russia , which eu and the us was happy to see in the 90s . 
  russians on the other hand were traumatised by the social and economic upheavals of the 90s which is how a man like putin rose . 
  yeah , roll out the parallels to hitler , but it 's partially true . 
  the western-backed shock therapy was a load of hooey , ussr would have been better off following deng xiapoing 's more methodical , more gradual and less politically liberal set of reforms . 
  then again , it was n't as if ussr was n't to blame for a lot of what it did to itself too . 
  it 's just that either way you look at it , us and nato were only happy to chip away at russia when the moment came . 
  now russians have radicalised themselves and putin 's aggressive steps only lead to more isolation and deeper radicalisation . 
  it 's a negative feedback loop spiralling out of control . 
   ( since nobody is posting anything about the russian people ) yeah right , the commenters are doing that . 
  every comment thread is a ` fuck russia/russians ' thread and just saying something with a russian flair without prefacing it with ' i hate putin , russia sucks and i am deeply sorry for the mh17 civvies i personally killed ' gets ya downvotes . 
   you should go to r/russia with the circlejerking pidors . 
  great idea !, 
  instead of having a civilised forum with balanced discussions , why not enforce a ` no russians ' policy on / r/europe to ensure a democratic forum through the silencing of different opinions !, 
  this is in no way comparable to other types of silencing of dissenting opinions of course because it 's only bad when russia does it , not us . 
   the thing is , you lost track of which group the * evil western media * was supposed to ignore this week , and you contradicted yourself blatantly here 's the funny thing about you denizens of / r/europe -- a sub i was mostly proud to be a part of ( save those occasional anti-gypsy/anti-immigrant jerks ) until the whole shitstorm blew over russia . 
  i see a lot of people replying to me by painting little strawmen of me to argue against . 
  i do n't think there is an ` evil western media ' . 
  i would n't be on this sub if i did n't like the west . 
  i like the eu , i wish there was a day when russia liberalised enough to join it ( not likely however , the eu wants russia weak first and foremost , only then can there be any real reconciliation , which i suppose is understandable ) . 
  thing is , nobody is interested in listening to me usually here . 
  there are hundreds of threads , some made by the op which drive up the anti-russia jerk on reddit until the top replies are all variations of ` fuck russia ' -- funny because if something like this comes up in regards to america , people are always quick to point out the difference between us gov ' t and the us people . 
  to which you can say , yeah , putin is quite popular right now . 
  that 's true , during war people rally around the leader at first ( see iraq , afghanistan ) and wars are popular at first . 
  then there is the question of media in russia which spoon-feeds everyone one narrative and while very few believe it directly , most in russia will say ` there is a bit of truth there even if the whole is incorrect ' -- however the russian media is so extreme that even a little bit of it is quite too much really . 
  in short , reddit is already a lost cause for a place to be publicly russian , nevermind that i am practically srs , that i am gay ( just check my entire posting history of gilded posts , etc ) -- the fact that i am russian is enough . 
  i am more liberal than most of this sub but nobody cares . 
  and with everyone so set against russia i naturally gravitate against that sentiment -- the western response is only driving the last of liberals in russia into a defensive stance . 
  but i 'm sure you know me and russia better , of course . 
  ukrainians kill eastern ukrainians with the support of government and voters in the west . 
  do n't tell me i do n't know how it is , i lived in chernivtsi and still know many people from there . 
  people there are deranged , you have mothers i knew for years giving bloodthirsty speeches about crushing all the traitors in the east . 
  they see the civilians there as equally culpable for ` not stopping ' the separatists . 
  the majority of the fighters there are still locals , there is a growing influx of russians , but it is n't surprising seeing how the people right across the border are the same , they too speak russian with a ukrainian accent . 
  dunno if you speak russian , but i do fluently , as i speak ukrainian fluently . 
  i can easily tell in the videos that flood / r/combatfootage who 's who . 
  russia no doubt supports the rebels but that 's hardly a new game in this world . 
  that 's not how it works , as other pointed it out . 
  downvoting him is silencing dissent . 
  you are ukrainian and i see you posting rather outlandishly anti-russian posts sometimes , including iirc arguing that right sector and svoboda were n't nazi at all anymore ( or was it another guy ? ), 
  either way , i am not putin , i do n't support the idea of a society that crushes all opinions but one . 
  let him post . 
  i can make a comment disagreeing with him but downvoting would make me complicit in the very thing russia is accused of right now . 
  it 's truly amusing however that you have such a vendetta against russia and yet when left to your devices , you do the same thing . 
  that 's part of why i subscribe to realpolitik -- the only reason russia is screwing over ukraine was because russia managed to be more powerful historically -- if ukraine had a bit more power than russia , it would be russia that would suffer its stronger neighbour .
