  people lap that garbage up in the case of ` we are bombing isis ' ( to be fair a large portion of rebels also deserve to be bombed , plenty of non-fsa radical rebels out there ) . 
  as for crimea , it also worked because it was a face saving measure intended for the west . 
  the west did n't want to do anything anyway so putin gave them the perfect excuse to not do anything `` well we do n't know with certainty that those are in fact russian troops blah blah '' which gave putin enough time to seize the initiative . 
  had he simply sent russian troops with russian markings the consequences would have been more significant . 
  it ai n't stupid if it works , as americans say . 
  truth was always a rare commodity in the realm of geopolitics anyhow . 
  nothing changed . 
  things just got more creative . 
   btw , i find it offensive that in your opinion only americans or rich europeans can be racists  i do n't find it as ridiculous when westerners are racist because an average american , german or brit has more to be proud of and it 's less absurd when you see them say nationalist things or bigoted things relating to national nature . 
  i do n't like nationalism of any sort , but there are gradations to my dislike . 
  it 's like an arrogant professional versus arrogant dilettante . 
  one is inherently more unlikeable . 
   hey , you should hear how romanians talk about romanians ... and russians say the darkest things about russia too , we 're pretty blunt about how shit our country can be -- but this does n't make it any more excusable when you see a russian go full vatnik and start saying retarded nationalist/bigoted shit . 
  it 's just that once again , / r/europe demonstrates in the words of bender that ` the worst discrimination is the kind against me ' . 
  it 's ok to say that x small nation is full of retards but imagine the pandemonium if i said that poland is full of retards because historically the polonian elite was murdered in katyn , offered forced vacation in siberia or simply emigrated to uk and germany more recently . 
  look , i did n't come here to argue with a bunch of touchy romanians that are nervous about their country peen size . 
  all i 'm saying is that once again i find it tiring to watch racist drivel being upvoted on / r/europe . 
  they guy just calls an entire nation ` stupid and lazy ' and nobody calls him out . 
  it is one thing when americans call other countries shitty . 
  but when a romanian of all the people is doing it ... 
  i do n't care if your uncle 's friend 's cousin 's place has a good image of romania , the point is that romania is n't exactly a name synonymous with success and romanians are discriminated against in some countries like the uk , so when i see one pick on smaller get countries it gives me a foul taste in my mouth . 
  i bet he would be the first to froth in his mouth if some western euro posted here that romanians are lazy retards . 
  not sure what the link is supposed to mean , he 's putting down a whole ethnicity as if people form x country have y traits , aka victorian-era sociology for you . 
  romania does n't exactly have a lot of prestige around the world ( not talking about econ stats -- prestige does n't always correlate with economic ranking ) so it is particularly amusing and at the same time annoying to have someone do that . 
  like black people being bigoted to muslims in america . 
  surely a romanian would have a bit of self awareness after experiencing prejudices from western euros ? 
  but no , i see a lot of romanians posting racist things here . 
  and irl romanians say racist things . 
  to be fair , so do russians and ukrainians and poles , etc. 
  i think us eastern euros do n't have a lot of exposure to certain concepts and as such we are prone to saying racist things . 
  i hear a lot more `` people from x country are always like this '' from eastern euros than from western euros . 
  not to say that westerners are less racist , but at least they 're more self conscious . 
  why would moldova have got chicks if it is mostly ethnically romanian ? 
  or are you claiming that russian and ukrainian immigration actually improved a nation ? 
  nothing ironic , considering that turks took ukrainian and romanian women into their harems . 
  so basically just continuing a tradition if you will ... edit ( noticed the second part of your comment ) : my grandparents are russians living in moldova . 
  i visited them when i was younger , i know moldova very well , especially chisinau where my uncle lives and the northern part where they lived . 
  i 'm laughing silly right now as you describe the moldovan people , funny how i never noticed anything like you did ... 
  they 're mostly ethnic romanians like you , you dolt . 
  if you think they 're retarded , then so are you . 
  which honestly is n't hard to believe when you 're spouting 19th century style `` x ethnicity is stupid and lazy '' pseudoscience . 
  the best part ? 
  you 're romanian . 
  like shit , at least i understand why americans or brits or germans become nationalists or racists . 
  they 've got stuff to be proud of . 
  when a romanian insults moldovan i see it as a bipolar schizophrenic insulting a down 's syndrome person ... sure you may be a small step up , but surely you do n't see the irony of you looking down on others when so many look down on you ? 
  where did you study your history and sociology ? 
  the enlightenment was a * liberal * movement that sought to * liberalise * rights by extending them * universally * , to oppose the * status quo * of the conservatives who sought to maintain the old world order . 
  that is n't to say that every enlightenment thinker fitted this broad generalisation , but that is the pattern . 
  ask nearly every history professor and he 'll tell you what it is . 
  that is n't to say that they are like modern liberals , but it is the same mindset . 
  the mindset of progressivism vs conservatism . 
  conservatives fundamentally believe in preserving/returning to old ways , traditions and such that made x or y nation great . 
  liberals/progressives fundamentally believe in the superiority of the new way of doing things that seeks to broaden the power base . 
  i may have majored with a focus on the antiquity , but i 'm not completely ignorant of enlightenment . 
  political movements are not all that different throughout history in their broad patterns . 
  look at the roman republic . 
  at its end it was a corrupt senate that was dominated by an oligarchical structure that favoured the older , more noble * gens * of mostly patrician provenance , though due to lex genucia around the middle of 4th century bce there was the requirement to have one patrician and one plebeian consul . 
  anyhow , so the late roman republic was a constant conflict of the * boni * , the ` good men ' and the * populares * , pretty much the populists . 
  the * boni * favoured retaining the power in the hands of the wealthy oligarchs , constricting the vote , limiting the distribution of wealth and were backed by the owners of the massive * latifundia * all over the republic . 
  the * populares * favoured expansion of voting rights to more people outside of the greater roma metropolitan area , so to speak . 
  people forget that all of italia outside of latium did not have voting rights till the social wars with the samnites and the various italic peoples . 
  social wars were in the first century bce . 
  the populares were the liberals , they favoured an agrarian reform that redistributed land -- the only respectable wealth according to romans . 
  they were more open to foreign ways , choosing not to condemn grecian manners unlike the traditionalist boni who were disgusted with any public display of greek fashion or manner , thinking it did not befit a proper roman man or woman . 
  the similarities between populares and boni are simply too difficult to ignore . 
  to say that enlightenment was not a liberal movement is deceptive -- just because they were classical liberals does n't mean that they were * liberal * by the standards of their time . 
  sure , they 're not going to start supporting trans and gay rights wholesale , but by the standards of their time they supported many scandalous things . 
  that means they were not conservative unless you 're crazy enough to suggest that they were fighting a liberal status quo ( a laughable concept in a time when despotism was becoming more and more common and the catholic church was still stuck in the mindset of post counter-reformation , which sought to actively fight all liberal thought instead of being reformist as it was in the 12-early 13th century say when several lateran councils instituted a large measure of wide-ranging reforms ( though not all arguably progressive , in fact most were unrelated ), 
   yeah , still no answer . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i just wrote a giant wall of text with citations from all the relevant human rights organisations . 
  but you 're right , i 'll just take your word as an honest , unbiased internet stranger . 
  did you know that blacks were in the us senate in 1860s too ? 
  just because you put a person from an x ethnicity in government does n't mean that they 're not oppressed . 
  btw , what does your deputy prime minister actually get to do that is n't subject to sultan erdogan 's approval ? 
  you think i 'm retarded ? 
  i 'm russian , we have tsar putin . 
  i know how autocracies work . 
   putting words into mouth you talk about ? 
  and flat out label me as turk ? 
  sorry to let you down but i am not even ethnically turk . 
  turk is n't just an ethnicity , it 's also a word used to describe a person from turkey . 
  just like i 'm actually ethnically ukrainian who was born to parents who were born in moldovan ssr but i 'm russian . 
  your arguments are very weak , you 're trying to catch me on technicalities and try to make me look like i 'm making massive mistakes whereas in fact they 're semantic mistakes and not even mistakes really . 
  if you are repeating turkish nationalist propaganda and have a turkish flair and from turkey , you 're a turk . 
  russia has hundreds of separate ethnicities , most of my friends are tatars from tatarstan who have tatar names , but they always call themselves russian and if they 're writing russian nationalist posts on reddit , it 's pretty fair of others to call them ` russian ' . 
   indeed i wonder why am i not revolting against the state even tough i belong to one of the opressed minorities in turkey . 
  / r/asablackman material , a la turkey  turkey is backstabbing kurds you say and then blatantly tell here that you did not generalise all kurds as pkk ? 
  only an idiot or a person who is trying to make a flimsy desperate argument would believe that i am trying to say all kurds , each and every one is * personally visited by erdogan every night and personally stabbed in the back with a kitchen knife * . 
  to any reasonable person it 's quite obvious that i 'm not referring to every single last kurd . 
  it 's also obvious to the international human rights organisations as well . 
  not obvious to you i guess , though . 
  you know what i miss ? 
  i miss when i debated educated europeans of / r/europe back when putin was stirring shit up in donbass . 
  they actually sounded like they understood what logic was . 
  when i debate with turks like you and the other guy , i feel like i 'm talking to a child . 
  do they not have rhetoric and logic components in the courses you have in your schools ? 
  you 're not making arguments , you 're just yelling here . 
  even ukip and fn supporters make more sense .
