  that 's funny because you managed to be a retard in two ways . 
  first because you think it is ok to say what you did in the first paragraph . 
  protip : replace ` russians ' with ` jews ' and see how it sounds . 
  secondly , assad killed many times more civilians than isis ever managed in syria . 
  once assad wins , he will start a massive campaign of repression and mass murder of all implicated in opposing him . 
  history is a bitch , but you can learn from it , which is what i 've been saying a lot on this sub in many of my posts : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_hama_massacre . 
  supporting assad is not a solution . 
  fsa is the only party that is remotely supportable here , and is n't it funny how they have n't been implicated in any major massacres or everyday flagrant disregard of civilian lives ? 
  assad is modern day stalin . 
  dictator who will mass murder people out of paranoia or just the desire to silence all possible dissent . 
  arab spring in syria started moderate . 
  moderate demands were met with machine gun fire . 
  assad is a ` secular ' dictator . 
  that 's why so many people on / r/europe love him . 
  islam is scary to many here . 
  so are refugees . 
  in order to keep their small minds from hurting from the complexity of the situation , many redditors especially on / r/europe go to support assad . 
  they can stuff it up their arse . 
  this sub is fucked in their head . 
  i get downvoted any time i condemn stalin but qualify that he ~ ~ want ~ ~ was n't as bad as hitler because eastern euros ca n't think about their own history objectively . 
  then i see masses upvoting the support of a modern day stalin . 
  depends on how much ukrainian involvement there is ... 
  if it is as some ukrainians claim , i doubt it . 
  it would slowly tesr apart our budget . 
  all for a possible afghanistan 2.0 . 
  but i do n't think putin is that stupid ... or at least he was n't that stupid before . 
  nowadays ? 
  who knows . 
  hard to predict him and his sanity . 
  but yes , if following the new rada law things simmer down , putin could switch targets . 
  syria would be a valuable training exercise for russia . 
  however , i am no longer pro assad as i was . 
  maybe / r/europe is these days because they can not see past their islamophobia or their fear that refugees will destroy them , but facts are facts : assad killed magnitudes more syrian civilians than isis . 
  he is like stalin . 
  just because he is secular does n't make him good . 
  fsa was the lesser evil , but after both isis and assad focused on killing off the moderate fsa because it suited their agenda , the rest of fsa either radicalised due to being hit on both sides without western help or simply died/switched sides . 
  that wo n't work for most countries though . 
  i agree it is the best way , but only the most civilised of countries are so magnanimous . 
  any major world power wo n't agree to such a split however . 
  russia , china , india , us , etc -- it wo n't work peacefully . 
  russia is a federal country that is one of the most diverse countries in the world if you study all of our ethnic republics and autonomous provinces . 
  much more diverse than the us , which has immigrants diluted into its fabric , but few ethnic enclaves . 
  chechnya leaving was not acceptable to the russian authorities because they drew a line in the sand -- only the original 14 soviet republics could split off russia . 
  not the smaller entities . 
  russia was n't prepared to be wholly balkanised , so russia struck back . 
  due to the shitty economic and political situation , we did so with great incompetence . 
  however , in the end it settled the matter ( at great cost to life ) . 
  it is worth noting that the second chechen war was us defending against a radical muslim chechen invasion . 
  we did not start the final war . 
  yes , we were brutal in the first war , but that war was over and chechnya was granted independence . 
  foreign and homegrown jihadists wasted that opportunity for cause they got greedy and thought dagestan could be chechnya 2.0 . 
  they were wrong . 
  dagestan was loyal to russia . 
  i think he is russian possibly ... 
  in our language ` konkurrent ' means competitor . 
  duh , that 's a given . 
  but i speak ukrainian , it 's interesting how ukrainians used to be despised in the early 90s when i was in poland ( or so it seemed to me ) but now there is much more brotherhood . 
  i mean , for fuck 's sake , we speak almost the same language , knowing ukrainian was enough for me to be understood in poland without any knowledge of polish -- you can figure the stuff out . 
  i got ta say though , poland is almost like the west compared to ukraine ... 
  so much nicer , cleaner , more civilised . 
  of course , i also visited krakow and warsaw , so i got the very best of poland pretty much , especially krakow ( most beautiful city in europe imo , i 'm a big history fan ) . 
  but that was my impression in the 90s of course . 
  my parents said they had the same impression during ussr when they visited poland . 
  they also complained how poles and balts got all the deficit goods and how we at moldova and ukraine got nothing . 
  of course , russians who visited moldova complained how we got a lot more than they did ... 
  it seems the closer to the west the country was , the more deficit goods it got , to keep it happier ( the exception here was moscow , moscow had the most deficit goods because it was the capital , though not as much as gdr to be fair ) . 
  which is a fact that may explain why some russians feel bitter when poles complain about ` soviet slavery ' . 
  i mean , sure , stalin was terrible and killed poles ( he also killed even more ukrainians and russians however ) , but we as ussr did our best to provide for poland and baltic countries better than what we got ourselves . 
  edit : varshava has that stalin tower i remember , that kinda made it feel like moskva to me . 
  also traffic was crazy . 
  krakow kinda felt like my birth-city , chernovtsi . 
  but faaar better . 
  never been to other polish cities though . 
  sounds like poles are just russians that wandered their way into the eu ... 
  funny how we are similar , eh ? 
  jesus christ man , i was going to suggest some of [ the very best medicinal cream ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ec1ex8w.png ) , but i 'm afraid no amount of cream can solve your pains ... 
  i spent my whole childhood fishing and picking mushrooms in northern moldovan forest ... 
  i 've never seen a single tick and never caught lyme 's , hell , i did n't know that was a euro thing too , i thought it was just a northern american thing , i read about it in national geographic as a kid . 
  that was a joke of course , but the doktor senses latent inferiority complex , perhaps you would like to lay down on that couch and talk about it ? 
   huge bydlo crowd did i just see a german use russian slang casually ? 
  is that like a common word or something now ? 
  possible joke aside , there is a huge difference though . 
  despite scotland joining the union before the advent of nationalism , it is a bit naive to suggest that the relationship was entirely equal and not at all exploitative on the behalf of england . 
  england certainly has a paternalistic attitude towards the rest of the uk . 
  for a good portion of its existence , scotland did n't really have a choice whether it could stay in or not , any attempt to leave would trigger military action or the threat of such . 
  eu on the other hand was a purely voluntary arrangement . 
  it is one that has increased the economic growth of all nations in it through free trade , which is proven to cause economic growth in nations . 
  it is not a regime that enforces its rulings with an iron fist and an army . 
  you can even leave it any time . 
  this situation is n't too different from ukraine & russia relationship up until 21st century . 
  ukraine was semi-willingly pressed into the ussr and while ussr had more than its share of ukrainian leaders ( khrushchev , brezhnev ) , the relationship was definitely paternalistic and in the case of stalin 's reign , deeply abusive . 
  ukraine is a freedom fighter for leaving ussr and russia 's aegis , but if russia wanted to leave the international community , they would be called out for being backwards xenophobes . 
  which is what putin is trying to do anyway . 
  create a cut off nation of xenophobes that are separated from the international community . 
  if anything the russian gdp is the most underestimated in the world as we are literally a mafia state , it is in the interest of every person running it to keep as much of their wealth and transactions hidden . 
  it 's almost guaranteed to be larger than italy , even with the italian underground economy . 
  it 's still a shit economy , do n't get me wrong , russia is n't healthy economically at all , but those figures are underestimating it if anything because it is in the interest of the ruling elite . 
  people on the internet care about dick measuring because there is n't much else to do . 
  people irl on the top of the society care about secrecy . 
  they only pretend to care about dick measuring to get their populace riled up against x and y thing .
