  still , my point is , russia was a brutal place during the russian civil war . 
  bolsheviks were a far lesser evil than the whites . 
  no side was perfect . 
  if you always look for a perfect side in any conflict you 'll end up doing nothing and quite possibly allow more evil to flourish . 
  but he 's talking about lenin and now you just switched the argument back to stalin , you 're moving goalposts . 
  lenin had cheka because it was impossible to install a new government without a secret police in formerly tsarist russia that was still full of anti-communists and foreign agents . 
  tsarist russia also had its own secret police , the okhrana . 
  people do n't really grasp how backwards as fuck russia was before communists . 
  villages were plain mediaeval before ussr came along . 
  completely illiterate , completely uneducated and more superstitious than salem on the eve of the witch trials . 
  no mechanisation , no touch of modernity . 
  russia was an intensely conservative nation . 
  then came lenin , he began industrialising and education the countryside , he passed a lot of liberal laws ( such decriminalising homosexuality , the second after napoleon which was a complicated topic anyway ) . 
  no great leader is without his downsides . 
  churchill literally genocided several million indians whilst also trying to get us into wwiii against the ussr right after the second one ended because we were `` controlled by jewish bolshevism '' ( sound familiar ? ), 
  and yet i get downvoted every time i bring up the bengal genocide on / r/europe . 
  or the congo one . 
  it 's funny how easily western euros point out the filth of communism and how quickly they deny their own shit . 
  i 'm not a communist and i do n't wish anyone to be one , but i do want honesty in the way we view history . 
  churchill is somehow still a hero on / r/europe but lenin who was a far better person is somehow devil 's grandson . 
  they were both complex figures but we gloss over all of churchill 's faults and idolise him while doing the opposite for lenin . 
  people who criticise what communism did to russia do so with a modern bias . 
  sure , we now know communism is a failure . 
  but it was n't always so . 
  communism did what tsarism would never accomplish . 
  russia would be like india today if not for communism . 
  minus the population , that would actually be low . 
  oh , and actually we 'd be speaking german because if tsarist russia lost to a much weaker imperial germany , then the hitlerian third reich would smash tsarist russia of 1941 if there was such an entity . 
  oh , and actually since you 're a pole and i 'm 1/4 polish , 1/4 jewish , 1/4 russian and 1/4 ukrainian we 'd both be dead . 
  if it was any other flair i 'd agree , but i 've seen turks say crazier things as of late ... 
  yeah , you 're right , i definitely get just as jumpy around leftist as i do passing neonazis !, 
  as long as you 're not black , brown , muslim , hindu , foreign or a woman you have nothing to fear from skinheads !, 
  you ever read history or do you just wank off to whatever suits your fancy ? 
  there were two wars . 
  finns fought us to standstill in the first but the second they lost and had to give up territory . 
  look up `` continuation war '' on google . 
  that 's the name of the war after the winter war . 
  the winter war was a disaster for the ussr , but the continuation war pitted the battle hardened red army that was already beating germans at the same time as it resumed offensives into finland to retaliate for the siege of leningrad . 
   it traditionally contains no meat , dairy or alcohol jesus , what the hell ? 
  no fucking wonder lithuanians were the last pagans of europe , resisting the teutonic order so valiantly . 
  when you have such ` feasts ' to look forward to at home , you may as well keep fighting , at least you can loot some good german sausage or beer from the teutonic supply trains ... 
  although who am i kidding , the traditional orthodox christmas dishes are pretty parsimonious too . 
  orthodox christianity is one giant fast , if you fast during every religious fast you 'll be fasting around 270 days out of 365 . 
  the last one is the best philosophical point really . 
  i have heard far too many muslim women who wear any sort of headcovering defend it . 
  be it a simple veil worn to cover hair , or one worn to cover the face partially as well . 
  have n't heard of a defense of niqab but hey , it is n't like those women get encouragement to speak in public . 
  most muslim women genuinely believe in various headwear . 
  sure , they are living in a highly patriarchal culture that brainwashes and oppresses them , but many genuinely believe it is for their good . 
  democracy is n't always logical or scientific . 
  it is and should be the will of the people . 
  as well as the right to free expression . 
  the government can also ban fatty foods , alcohol , cigarettes , all forms of drugs and so on , but like you said , paternalism . 
  people want those things and if they want them , they should have them . 
  unless of course they vote to ban them . 
  there is nothing undemocratic about prohibition as long as the majority favours it . 
  reddit is averse to the word prohibition ' but that does n't change the fact that we prohibit a lot of things too . 
  you mean ussr , the nation that had an extremely clear no first strike policy of strategic weapons , unlike us which has a pretty clear ` we will strike first if necessary policy ' ? 
  have you read cold war history at all ? 
  the soviet leadership was constantly shitting their pants because they thought that americans did n't know anything about the horrors of war not having felt wwii on their skin and therefore displayed an alarming willingness to use atomic weapons ? 
  soviet union was very afraid of the american nuclear policy , lots of history books cover this point . 
  the examples you listed are terrible too , it is like you never even read about each event . 
  false alarms happened everywhere , in the us too . 
  there are documented ones and then plenty that were n't declassified i bet , since us did not collapse like ussr and open up many of its top secret archives in 1999 . 
  cuba started with us putting pershings in turkey and then invading castro . 
  both prompted ussr to deploy missiles to cuba in retaliation . 
  able archer was the case of that ` soviet leadership shitting pants ' because wargames are often used to mask a sneak attack and the west only escalated things whilst keeping too many secrets which they should have known looked awfully scary from the outside -- imagine if ussr did massive wargames in mexico , hah . 
  the norwegian one was your only legitimate example and it is no surprise it happened in 1995 . 
  russia was a failed state back then . 
  with an alcoholic thieving idiot at helm . 
  imagine if us split into 14 different smaller entities and then imagine what sort of idiots could be running the country then . 
  break ups are tough man , 
  litvinenko was blackmailing oligarchs , oligarchs struck back . 
  litvinenko was an fsb defector . 
  you do not simply defect the fsb and then reveal all the secrets and then blackmail people . 
  that 's painting a bullseye . 
  and cool it with your propaganda-driven usage of `` terrorism '' which only further dilutes the word . 
  it was an assassination of a secret agent defector . 
  if that 's terrorism then what was hiroshima and nagasaki ? 
  you 're going into hyperbole . 
  nuclear terrorism is when that package of nuclear material was found in a moscow park , rigged with an explosive -- it was a dirty bomb . 
  even in that case of chechens planting that dirty bomb i 'm not ready to call them out . 
  they were simply trying to strike back with an asymmetric means . 
  if they had a large airforce and tanks they 'd use them . 
  `` terrorism '' is just a word we use to delegitimise opposition . 
  when russia carpet and thermobaric bombed chechnya it was n't called terrorism . 
  when us bombed iraq and now drone bombs afghanistan and pakistan it is n't called terrorism . 
  but when the poor saps we 're bombing strike back literally one of the few ways they can , it is terrorism . 
  well gee , i beg they wish they had fancy toys as well . 
  except they do n't . 
  so they make do with what they have . 
  **** anyhow , russia is not going to invade uk . 
  or even attack actual non-defector uk citizens on uk soil . 
  however islamic terrorists are more than happy to give it their best shot . 
  they do n't have to worry about international fallout or sanctions or whatnot . 
  what 's the current deathtoll of brits from dying to islamists ? 
  shall i tally all of the deaths from terrorism and maybe even throw in afghanistan in there ? 
  should i also count ` honour ' killings in the uk too ? 
  kindergarten ? 
  the shit worked , did it not ?
