  up yours too , friendo , how does it feel to be a butthurt frog ? 
  til my entire ba in history was ` edgy ' because not a single professor spouted hogwash the likes of yours . 
  this sub loves to wallow in pseudo-nazi belief in the superiority of white man , it 's hilarious how stiff your peckers get when you wank to your precious european civilisation . 
  does it have to take a russian telling you to stuff it to bring some sanity here ? 
  yes , euro civilisation is pretty great . 
  but also yes , it royally fucked up the development of great swathes of the world . 
  if you study your history you will notice that countries that had less foreign interference during their formative periods tend to do better and those who are first to industrialise tend to have a massive advantage . 
   algerians come from a country that has been crippled by a decade long civil war than ended only in 2002 . 
  and why do you think that algeria has n't been as stable ? 
  may it perhaps have something to do with your colonialism and the bloody war you gave them instead of granting independence ? 
  do you hear russians complaining that chechnya is n't stable because we gave it a bloodbath ? 
  but no , according to the collective wisdom of this sub , colonialism do n't real , it has no effects on countries of course . 
  also , it 's not genocide if france , uk or belgium did it !, 
   to oppress everyone was oppressed in tsarist russia . 
  only the highest nobles were not . 
  in the 17th-19th century you did n't get much choice but oppression in eastern europe . 
  that 's how things were . 
  when playing the historical blame-game , keep in mind that you 're not comparing to some ideal that could never survive in that said period . 
   , tell us that we do n't exist and deny-deny-deny the existence of the ukrainian culture you 're really reaching and stretching if you can really say there was a strong ukrainian culture before the 19th century literary/artistic movements focusing on rustic life , kholopomania , vernacular dialects , etc. 
  lots of new cultures were ` codified ' so to speak in the mid 1800s when regionalist poets/authors/artists spurred these micro-nationalist movements with their works that brought together the regional patois , sayings , customs , history , etc. 
  in fact , nationalism as a movement became widespread around europe by the 1840s . 
   us that we 're just mere serfs if you remember , serfdom was never as strong in ukraine as it was in russia . 
  that being said , eastern europe was full of serfs . 
  russia was far from the only country that had them . 
  remember how rzeczpospolita and austro-hungarian empire also had it ? 
  worry not , if we did n't take you over , poles would have kept you in serfdom . 
  hell , did you forget your own history ?? 
  khmelnitsky was sick of the polish magnates so he fought a war with them and even stooped so low as to ally with the hated tatars who were mortal enemies of all of christendom then , enslaving and raping both poles and ukrainians . 
  however , when even that was not enough , he allied with muscovy ... ... you even invited us , hah . 
  like a vampire :p  we 're not even humans . 
  i too can start veering off into hyperbole and absurdity , but maybe let 's not ? 
   we chose the lesser of two evils but did we really ? 
  if you really think that tatars were better , you 've never picked up a book . 
  think being oppressed was so bad ? 
  try being dead after a raidd . 
  think being a serf was so bad ? 
  try being a slave sold at the market in kaffa . 
  think having your culture denied is bad ? 
  try forced conversions to islam . 
  think having your language disrespected is bad ? 
  try having your churches torn down . 
   but boy you came to love him . 
  please , if you want to start pointing fingers and casting stones , make sure you 're without sin yourself first . 
  how many old people love stalin in ukraine ? 
  i 'd wager not so much fewer than in russia . 
  look at my grandparents , they 're ukrainian . 
  one of my great-grandparents spent 5yrs in siberia . 
  another had all his land and most of his animals taken away . 
  yet my grandparents remember stalin fondly because they say that they finally got to go to schools and the local priests were no longer free to lord over the peasants . 
  then moving onto my parents , they understand what he did and dislike him . 
  i also understand what he did and i dislike him very much , although i do wonder what would happen if he did n't become the leader and the next likeliest candidate would : trotsky . 
  christ , the man was an idiot with more balls than brains . 
  he was a soldier who wanted to continue the world revolution instead of building socialism in one country . 
  he would not make ussr strong , but rather waste away the 30s fighting poland and neglecting industrialisation or consolidation of power . 
  hitler would have crushed ussr as a much weaker germany fighting a two-front war crushed tsarist russia . 
  after hitler crushed ussr , generalplan ost would take into effect and ukrainians would be the first to get completely annihilated , all massacred to make way for the german colonists to farm the rich lands of ukraine . 
  have fun !, 
   now , i still think stalin was a horrifying leader and he forever tainted the name of the ussr , proving the danger of such a political organisation and in general , problems with authoritarianism . 
  it 's a real fucking shame putin is rehabilitating him after khrushchev rightfully slandered him . 
  truly a low point for putin . 
  propaganda to reinforce the mentality that there has to be a strong leader in russia , not matter how godawful the monster is . 
  i wish there was a third way . 
  maybe molotov ? 
  he still liked gulags and purging , but he was far less enthusiastic . 
  who knows . 
  hard to guess something this speculative . 
  you can make jokes that make fun of the right-wing here too !, 
  for instance , the right-wing will talk of muslim immigrants being the problem ... ... well maybe , but if you eliminate all men , you can cut your murder rate by over 90 % , not bad eh ? 
  so whenever i hear racists trotting out the ol' blacks/muslims/gypsies commit crime , i point out that going after men is even more effective . 
   she had putin-esque approval ratings not too long ago . 
  she 's a ruthless pragmatist like putin too , except she seems more level-headed than putin by far , and more of a capable technocrat who can listen to other expert opinions as well . 
  also , not , y' know a murderer probably . 
  so maybe not a lot like putin , but still , i like to imagine that in russia she would more like putin , but smarter . 
  if i had to compare the many world leaders by their temperament , she seems more putin like sometimes . 
  are we still talking about ussr , or the germans who were the only party in the war to actually do that , throwing in 70yr old men and 12yr old boys with no training and as a matter of fact , no weapons to speak of ( * unless singleshot faustpatrone or mid 19th century rifles interspersed with more [ modern poorly slapped together rushed contraptions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkssturmgewehr ) count * ) . 
  funny how historical bias works , eh ? 
  the guys who actually do this shit get the ` ubermenschen elite mobile infantry ' rep whilst the guys who did n't do that get the shit end of the stick thanks to some savvy but butthurt former wehrmacht generals who wrote their history and gave it to the cold war propagandists ... 
  the suvorov bit is particularly funny -- if ukrainians think russians did them a bad turn historically , perhaps they should read up a bit more on what the ottomans and their vassals , the tatars , did ... ... and then how suvorov reconquered parts of ukraine back into the slavic , orthodox fold , free from the yearly pillaging , raping and slaving that the tatars and ottomans inflicted on ukraine . 
  in all fairness , stalin did them an even worse turn , but if you want to get down to the particulars of which ethnicity to hate , you 'd have to be dense not to miss that he was georgian and killed russians with equal ardour . 
  it 's not like we wanted him : s, 
  hmm , now that i actually watched the whole thing , it sounds staged as hell , especially the 33.33 % chance of survival . 
  it 's not that funny really when it 's staged ... 
  see , problem is , nobody knew that at the time . 
  sure , if they read mein kampf maybe , but few politicians took active note of it surprisingly ( and the ones who did dismissed it as posturing for the people , the same way putin has domestic propaganda that has nothing to do with his actual views ) . 
  nobody knew at that time that he was in the process of exterminating whole ethnicities . 
  especially in europe , that 's not what you did . 
  you starved indians or massacred congolese like a good european , but you did n't do such things in western or central europe . 
  even after the great war , euros thought much of themselves . 
  the ussr could not imagine generalplan ost either . 
  we did not surrender because stalin terrified us more than hitler , not because we knew hitler would massacre every one of us . 
  we also did not surrender because stalin industrialised us , which gave us the tools to fight back , unlike the last time around . 
  this is one of the reasons why russians have such a complex view of stalin . 
  without a question , we would not have survived without what he did . 
  trotsky was no less eager to purge , but industry an economy was n't his forte at all . 
  he would have continued wars with poland and left ussr woefully weak . 
  not sure who else was up to the task of leading the party . 
  you know , are n't you glad the ussr did n't make a similar choice ? 
  then we 'd all be living in the nazi boot in the continent , all jews , slavs , gypsies , gays and other minorities all slaughtered like poland , but perhaps worse . 
  give up easy to evil and you merely increase suffering . 
  maybe not at your country -- or at first that is .
