  so your solution is to believe anything that comes out of ukraine instead ? 
  the title itself is bullshit even though the article does a much better job of explaining it . 
  i lived in chernivtsi , there were many jews there for a long time , now there are none and my parents always told me to never tell anyone that i had a jewish grandmother on my mother 's side . 
  antisemitism still exists , it 's just not the antisemitism that russia claims is happening . 
  jews are n't in danger in ukraine , but nor are they accepted in ukraine . 
  my father worked personally with yatsenyuk in the late 90s when in the ukrsotsbank in chernivtsi , my father was one of the head corporate attorneys in their chernivtsi branch and yatsenyuk visited them quite often from kiev and the bank he was working with . 
  one thing he remembers about him was that yatsenyuk was either jewish or had at least one jewish parent and yet curiously enough , he was also pretty much making a secret of it , hiding what was a fact of his life . 
  in short , things could improve . 
  as the article notes ( i do n't know how much you or others here read of it ) the antisemitism is n't disputed to not be prevalent in ukraine per se , but the important difference is that antisemitism is not institutionalised officially . 
  the ukrainian gov ' t is not antisemitic and it will not run pogroms as the russian media possibly alludes ( i have no idea what they allude , i do n't listen to them at all , honestly ) . 
   not the highest quality one that 's interesting , most vodka drinkers are very nationalistic about their national vodka :p what is good vodka in your view ? 
  you 're an econ major and that was your claim , are you serious ? 
  one country richer = we should trade with it ? 
  have you literally never read anything about ukraine ? 
  to call that a ` scientific observation ' is an absurdity , everybody knows it , but it is n't that simple . 
  why did n't ukraine trade more with eu already if there was so much money there ? 
  because it was easier to sell on the russian market . 
  * eventually * moving trade to the eu is a good idea , but at this current moment , trade ties with russia have to be strengthened , not weakened . 
  once the ukrainian economy stabilises , then you can begin to switch trade partners . 
  you can not simply retool the entire economy in the depths of a crisis to compete in a far more competitive market . 
  half the industries ( conservatively ) in ukraine gave to be scrapped , they would be entirely uncompetitive on the eu market . 
  a crisis is a good time to switch governments and policy , but to pull yourself out of a hole you have to create jobs , not eliminate half of them that are still existing , and then reshuffle the rest . 
  well , granted , you can do it the brutal way too , but remember , politicians will be at the helm of ukraine , not economists . 
  even imf wo n't be able to force ukraine to kill most of its industry right now . 
  it 's not that simple , ukraine does n't trade nearly as much with the eu and russia was offering a sweeter trade deal with no tariffs , instead of decreased ones . 
  and the ukrainian economy is already basically tooled to sell to russia . 
  it is n't very competitive worldwide , it is still a lumbering construct dependent on russia . 
  it is n't stem-logik simple , you ca n't reduce it down to such simplicity . 
  there are many more factors , such as the fact that ukraine simply does n't have much market presence in the eu . 
   surely i know about `` they have authority , they are n't fools '' argument . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  why not however ? 
  the west has every interest to criticise russia . 
  if they found a way to legally implicate russia as the aggressor in georgia , they would . 
  i appreciate your skepticism of russian leadership , i 'll be damned if i trust them myself , but i think you 're going too far with conspiracies here , this one does n't even make sense  _ < there were tensions prior to the start of conflict , yes , these things are n't completely spontaneous . 
  us privately warned saakashvili multiple times not to attack , but he still did it . 
  you know , self-hate goes only so far , you can criticise russia on many things , but you 're coming pretty close to making a spectacle of conspiracies here ... russia was ready for the eventuality of georgia doing stupid things , but nearly every reputable source credits georgia with the honour of starting the war . 
  saakashvili was a bit deranged on foreign policy , much unlike his astute domestic policy . 
  expecting help from the us was foolish , us wo n't get dragged into wwiii over georgia onteh caucasus . 
   for me it was pretty easy since russia `` did not invade georgia '' in 2008 . 
  that 's true though , georgia broke the treaty it previously signed , shelled tskhinvali , injured some russian peacekeepers ... 
  i mean , did putin benefit from it ? 
  yes . 
  but are you going to say that the legal burden of guilt rests on him for starting the war ? 
  and even during the war , georgia actually managed to get themselves no less dirty , which is no small feat when competing with the russian military . 
   joining russia voluntarily during this period is n't wise - to put it mildly . 
  politics are high above most people . 
  the impending economic collapse and/or austerity in ukraine is very real , however . 
  so are jobs . 
  people will worry about putting food on the table , gas in the heater , a flat to live in and a job to pay for it all before they will worry about politics . 
  if the economic situation in ukraine gets any worse , i do n't see why one would n't want to choose russia . 
  that is , provided putin does n't tank the russian economy . 
  however , i do n't think he is that stupid . 
   i could n't believe in pro-russian protests because when i was in kharkiv locals were n't even considering idea/possibility of joining russia - it was non-sesual right , but situation changes . 
  nobody thought that was possible . 
  nonsense was the perfect word to describe it . 
  now we have crimea . 
  nobody i know ever dreamt of joining with russia . 
  now some do , others hate the thought of it . 
  depends on which one of my friends from back home i ask . 
  most of the ones who would n't mind a union with russia want one for the jobs . 
  a lot of people go to work in russia , more jobs there , better pay , easier to get a work visa then in eu ( or especially the us ) . 
  but most of the people i know live in western ukraine and northern moldova , so it is n't even an option for them :p ( not that most would want it ) . 
  however , just about everyone i know does n't want the enmity between russia and ukraine , the trade between the two countries is too close . 
  ukrainian economy is tanking and it has also always been closely linked to russia 's economy . 
  hurting trade with russia is a bad idea . 
  if only the leadership was more sensible , it is possible to have eu in mind as an eventual goal without cutting trade and burning all the bridges with russia . 
   probably because both russia and ukraine was equally poor back then . 
  an interesting fact that a lot of people on this sub do n't realise is that while russia is n't very rosy , it actually got a bit better in terms of raw gdp per capita since the ussr . 
  ukraine is still somehow worse off . 
  ukrainian economy is literally worse than it was in the stifled soviet days . 
  and the corruption is insane . 
  yet a lot of people think here for some reason that the crimeans would n't want to join russia because ` hurr durr russia sux ' . 
  well , it is true , we 've seen better days , but frankly speaking , ukraine is in a really bad situation right now , for purely pragmatic reasons i would cast my lot with russia . 
  preferably not permanently though , god knows what path russia is heading with putin ... 
  i thought i knew the man , we all thought we knew the man , but after crimea it is hard to predict him . 
   ca n't believe urban population can create pro-russian riot being just few years away from joining eu i do n't discount that russia bussed in some agitators ( probably did ) but the east of ukraine is perfectly capable of this on their own too . 
  still , i think that particular quote is false , i 've lived in chernivtsi and kiev -- and yes , those places are quite pro-ukrainian , it has gotten so bad lately that i will get dirty looks from some cashiers if i speak russian or get beat up by a drunk gang ( i am talking like 4 years ago ) . 
  especially chernivtsi . 
  kiev is a mix , and it 's huge , so shit , you can get beat up there for just about anything . 
  on the other hand , i 've been in kharkiv and donetsk ( only transit however , did n't really live there ) and you will get dirty looks at times if you speak ukrainian . 
  i ca n't confirm how the situation is in the east of ukraine exactly , maybe someone here can , but east of ukraine is n't really quite ukrainian in the same sense the west is ... you * really * do n't want to speak russian in lviv for instance . 
  i mean , it 's mostly ok , but you do run the risk of getting jumped by some youths . 
  speaking of getting jumped , i am in the uniquely wonderful situation of potentially getting jumped for being gay in russia or for speaking russian in ukraine , and i lived in both countries ( to further compound this , my family is in moldova and these days most of the youths there do n't speak russian that well ) . 
  it was n't always like this ... 
  i remember in the early 2000s it did n't matter what you spoke . 
  and for older people it still does n't . 
  but if a younger person speaks russian and other younger people hear them , it does n't always end well . 
  my point is that i do n't believe your quote and i am not sure if you ever lived in ukraine . 
  well , that is , i believe a part of the quote . 
  villagers or hired goons is likely , but at the same time , an urban population can be quite pro-russian if you are looking at kharkiv or donetsk . 
  wars with the ottoman empire ( granted , by that point we were doing most of the invading , though only because ottomans were n't powerful enough to invade us anymore as in the past ) ? 
  only the united coalition of western euro countries , plus also turkey during the crimean war ? 
  fears of further invasions that prompted russia to drop alaska for a penny because the tsars did n't think they could hold it on the event of a british invasion from canada ? 
  and in the 20th century , the great war , aka wwi where the russian empire was split apart ? 
  i am sorry , was that a joke about russia did not suffering invasions in that time period , or do they literally not teach world history in sweden ? 
  *** do n't be naive , if poland was powerful enough , it would create one . 
  the reason other nations ` let ' a powerful nation have a buffer zone is because it is more convenient to do that rather than to bear the big stink of a larger nation throwing fits . 
  in fact poland tried to create a buffer zone anyway , they [ got a war with the ussr post wwii by trying to grab ukraine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ) . 
  pilsudski was a courageous and sharp-witted leader , even as he failed he still gets credit for making a good effort .
