   so make up your mind what you mean by `` polish '' . 
  a good question . 
  there really is n't an answer i think . 
  i 'm not saying poland was right or wrong about invading those lands . 
  it just happened . 
  can you really say that poland was just to invade ukraine and lithuania but ussr was an evil aggressor for invading poland ? 
  i think the answer is neither . 
  those lands did have a lot of poles on them , well , some of the regions that is . 
  so does crimea however . 
  so who was right to take those lands away ? 
  any act of aggression is bad in my view . 
  so putin and pilsudski are no different . 
  yet one is a hero and the other is a villain to a pole and many poles are n't honest enough to admit that there is little difference between the two . 
  edit :  by presenting other conflicts poland took part in , in a rather distorted way , like suggesting poland `` invaded '' czechoslovakia which is not really an appropriate way to describe this conflict , although i admit poland behaved a bit like some graverobber back then . 
  the whole poland-ukraine thing is also a bit more complicated . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but let 's consider this : supposing 90yrs in an alternate future where russia kinda won a new cold war ( bear with me lol ) people may say that `` suggesting russia ` invaded ' crimea is not really an appropriate way to describe this conflict '' or they may also say `` the whole donbass thing is also a bit more complicated '' . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening here imo . 
  sure , those situations were with poland were more complex . 
  but think about how a czech or a ukrainian felt about it . 
  same way you probably feel about crimea and donbass . 
  i was born in chernivtsi , oh boy , there was a lot of bad blood between ukrainians and poles up until recently when ukraine now fears russia more . 
  treaty of brest litovsk took them away , then poles got them after wwi , then ussr invaded them . 
  the territories were belarus , baltic regions and ukraine primarily . 
  poland historically invaded them and settled them , but to say that they had a right to those lands is like saying putin has a right to crimea because it was once russian and it is settled by russians . 
  it 's a tenuous argument , germany too had a lot of lands that they invaded and settled but were given to other nations . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or wrong to change ownership of these lands . 
  i 'm just saying that it happens and that there is no point of crying about it . 
  if poland was a little bit stronger it would have more success invading ukraine and lithuania as it did in the 20s . 
  then they would be remembered slightly differently . 
  the difference between bad and good is how much strength you have . 
  that 's why many countries think germany or ussr or us were bad , but nobody cries about big bad belgians . 
  funny thing about poles on / r/europe , i 've seen many defend their invasion of ukraine , czechoslovakia and lithuania during the interwar period , or just ignore them as if poland did no such thing , only bringing them up after i shoved it in their faces . 
  some literally just hearing about those things for the first time . 
  props to the poles who admit they played the same game as russia and lost , but most who reply to me on this sub seem to live in their own fantasy world where they are a good , noble country who was a poor victim of russia and russians are the big baddies . 
  i wo n't deny that russians were big baddies , but the victim game that poles play is really grating , especially since the vast majority of / r/europe have no history education whatsoever in regards to eastern europe and some take to just upvoting based on their prejudices of `` oh look , russian , he must be a putin troll '' . 
  people genuinely believe the bullshit `` polish victimhood '' game that some nationalistic poles play . 
  i am posting `` long-ass '' comments because i want to cover every angle of the issue . 
  unlike your very intelligent comment that totally proved me wrong with a snarky one-liner . 
  ah , i see , you meant to say that you were n't sarcastic haha . 
  i thought you said that you were n't sarcastic in a sarcastic sort of a way :p, 
  double standard ? 
  ussr and polish expansionism is a historical fact , i view it in neutral terms as long as you are n't some ussr/polish apologist who plays the victim status whilst overlooking their dirty laundry . 
  i apologise for all the clear evil my country did , unlike many people , i am not shy about admitting all the evils of my country . 
  if my country killed some people , i agree , my country fucked up , we are bad . 
  i know it 's such a goddamn simple thing to say , but many people seem to lack this . 
  i see lots of russians whitewashing our history ( obviously ) but i also see a lot of poles and balts on / r/europe whitewashing theirs . 
  it 's really annoying to me . 
  i did my part , i am a russian who is deeply sorry for the vile shit my country did . 
  so when will poles stop playing their pathetic victim game and admit that they 're no different from us , only different in the regard that they were n't strong enough then to seize more lands ? 
  poland did some shit in lithuania and ukraine in the 20s . 
  they pulled off the same shit that hitler did , invading lands , claiming ` protection of ethnic poles ' as their right to invade . 
  yet they still claim to have the victim status , c'mon ... we 're all playing the same game . 
  there are no good or bad guys . 
  there are nations with more power and less power however . 
  or nations that find other ways to project power . 
  i respect the united states because while it did a lot of evil too , it has evolved to project its power in political and economic ways that do n't always resort to force -- and when they do , it 's often indirectly . 
  russia is too weak and frankly speaking , too stupid to do that . 
  we try to brute force our will too many times where we should not . 
  poland is a nation that had less power after the 17th century and therefore had less ability to inflict damage to those around them . 
  that does n't make it any better than germany or ussr . 
  now russia is growing weaker , we are a regional power now and quite possibly soon we wo n't even be that for all i know . 
  we need more population to be more powerful . 
  frankly speaking , i do n't want a powerful russia , i want a russia that finally civilises itself and joins the eu , perhaps as a defence against a greater power ( china , if they do n't collapse politically ) . 
  agreed . 
  i mean , i think he would wisen up as a grand leader of all of the ussr , rather than just an army leader as he was , but stalin was a pragmatist above all . 
  problem was , he was also a brutal , remorseless and paranoid pragmatist . 
  my main problem with trotsky was his views on foreign policy though . 
  internally i feel that he would be far better than stalin in terms of not purging everyone . 
  externally however he would make war instead of putting all his efforts into industrialisation . 
  stalin wanted to develop ussr in peace from external foes , stalin wanted his fiefdom , his kingdom to dominate . 
  trotsky was less realistic . 
  i 'm not trying to justify it , i just said it happened as a historical fact . 
  nor am i saying i am sorry for it . 
  it 's like a neutral stance , how can i explain it ? 
  my apologies for not clarifying , i know the `` i 'm not sorry '' sounds a bit combative , i did n't mean it that way . 
  i 'm not gloating , but nor am i admitting that we committed a terrible crime simply by taking those lands away . 
  brest litovsk took those lands away , allies did not give it back to ussr , ussr got it back . 
  those lands were conquered by the poles and then russians reconquered them . 
  poland also seized territory during the interwar period , such as their incursions into ukraine , lithuania and czechoslovakia . 
  the former one was unabashed imperialism but i 'm not going to condemn it , it was no different from other land grabs . 
  the latter was even somewhat sympathetic as poles tell me , though to me it just smells of the sort of mentality most russians have over crimea . 
  however , i found it most amusing that you poles invaded lithuania , a nation that you always claim to be your friend and equal partner . 
  i guess that war proved the reality of what the ` friendship ' was . 
  when i say that i am sorry , i am sorry for all the * wrongs * committed by ussr , such as the killings . 
  but conquest of lands ? 
  it has been done back and forth , if poland was n't checked by ussr , it would conquer even more land , poles were no less imperialistic than the ussr in the 1920s , poland had an irredentist dream of rzeczpospolita reclamation just as bolsheviks had irredentist dreams of tsarist empire reclamation . 
  i 'm not some right-wing russian who is deluded about my past , i know all the nasty things my people did . 
  i just really , really , really dislike when poles always play that insufferable ` poor victim nation ' act on / r/europe . 
  you played a high stakes game and lost , that 's history for ya . 
  if we allowed you to win , we 'd be the ones groveling beneath your feet for decades . 
  fyi , i am from chernivtsi , it 's a city in western ukraine that you probably now . 
  been to krakow and warsaw btw , krakow was probably the most beautiful city i 've ever been to in europe , and i 've been to most of the euro capitals . 
  only prague can compete imo . 
  but anyway , to give you perspective , i know poles irl , it 's just that online and irl are different matters :p, 
   so in the end ussr made ww2 possible . 
  very heavy mental gymnastics you had to make to come to that point ... 
  i could make a lot easier set of mental gymnastics to `` prove '' that the `` west '' made wwii possible . 
  in fact , it does n't even take mental gymnastics to do that , it only takes a cursory reading of history , aka looking at the treaty of versailles and then the treatment of hitler and the laxity of league of nations as well as the american non-participation in it . 
  * however * , i wo n't start playing the blame game , because from a historical perspective , it 's very juvenile , or even infantile really . 
  history happens .
