  cia does n't have to ` sell ' projects to the public , they have their black funds ... :p thing is , putin got an autocrat even more brutal than him : ramzan kadyrov - to run chechnya . 
  it 's a brilliant set-up really , a former rebel leader , son of an even more important rebel leader , turns coats , makes a devil 's pact with putin , now has his own fiefdom with autonomy that not even us states can enjoy ( well , as far as he is concerned , he can do anything in his chechnya that does not direct weaken russian control of it ) . 
  i wonder where crimea will end up . 
  russia has fairly autonomous republics , and then some that are autonomous in name only . 
  none are permitted to leave of course , but there is a very wide degree of differences . 
  crimea may even get more theoretical freedom under russia even , and better living standards ( russia has 3x that of ukraine and ukraine will soon tank even lower , even faster than russia ) . 
  on the other hand , political freedom pertaining to free election is pretty shitty in russia , putin fudges his elections with a lot of different methods . 
  russian soldiers are n't shooting people . 
  well ... not yet . 
  until they do so , throwing out names like ` terrorists ' is unacceptable . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck if he 's ukrainian and emotional , i can be emotional too , but you do n't see me calling ukrainians ` fascists and nazis ' even though some sovoboda members do qualify under that label . 
  pardon me , i 'm sure you would have rather spoken german  especially since all of the slavs would be dead by now , if history went that course ... 
  virginia , 
  i 'm half-ukrainian , not sure if it counts , i still have their passport and still know how to speak ukrainian ( albeit i am slowly slipping as i only use russian these days -- and english ) . 
  live in the states , attend a uni here . 
  born and lived in chernivtsi ( west ) . 
  my parents are more or less split , father does n't care either way as long as there is enough support for it in crimea and my mother however disagrees with it on nationalist grounds . 
  i study history myself , i have always been fascinated with it . 
  i see the crimean takeover as something that is unsurprising given putin 's ambitions and the broken promises of the us not to induct any former warsaw pact/ussr nations into nato ( given at the time of the dissolution of the ussr ) . 
  ukraine is a manufactured state historically , most of its identity is owed to wwi&wwii german efforts to split up russia/ussr by organising nationalism in ukraine . 
  it has never been independent , the cossacks were mostly russian-descendant and the kievan rus had its successor in the novgorod states . 
  the mongols split us up , the eastern slavs . 
  however , the slight regional differences did not amount to independent nation-states or national movements until the 20th century . 
  i am surprised to see talk of annexation however , i figured putin would give it the abkhazia/south ossetia treatment . 
  that would have been easier to swallow for the international community . 
  ukraine is in a dark place now , the new government is backed by oligarchs and none of my family our friends expect it to be much different . 
  the country is bankrupt , the imf is circling overhead -- they will provide help , but by many indicators , this may be worse than greece . 
  good heavens forbid putin tries to interrupt trade , that will completely sink ukraine ( but also hurt russia at a time when we are n't at our best ) . 
  there is no profit now in being a ukrainian citizen , i would n't be surprised if the east starts eyeing union with russia in a year or two as ukraine is ravaged by the strict ( though necessary ) imf bailout terms . 
  freedom is empty philosophy when you 've lost your job and your family is going hungry . 
  at least the unfree russia promises much better economic prospects . 
  in short-term , ukrainian people should have accepted the $ 16bn debt buyout , the 1/3 cheaper gas price and free trade with russia . 
  that would have left the country in a much better economic shape . 
  next term , vote the criminal idiot yanukovich out and hopefully elect a better leader . 
  play with russia but have eu in the sights , tackling corruption , et al. 
  a smart leader would take all the aid russia offered without planning to stay with russia forever . 
  that type of wisdom and foresight is not found in five-year leaders that probably wo n't be elected again unless they manage to please all the oligarchs ( or the majority ) . 
  eu is better for ukraine in long-term , and then only if ukraine gets a good government ( not looking so likely now ) . 
  but the people of ukraine are still living in many ways on lower standards of living than during the ussr . 
  in fact , most post-soviet countries are , with the exception of the baltic states , russia and oddly enough , belarus ( i guess stability got them through long-term , even if they are n't heading anywhere in particular ) . 
  so the people wo n't like it , yeah . 
  they 've had enough of poverty . 
  god knows what will happen in one year , maybe the east will even try to split away . 
  they can do it , they only need the imf shock treatment and in one year they 'll be crying for union with russia . 
  then ... nobody knows what happens then , they 're at the mercy of putin . 
   they know the standard of living will drop if they join . 
  you got ta be fucking shitting me , i am drowning in chuckles now :p ukraine is piss-poor , $ 3,800 gdp per capita . 
  russia is $ 14,600 gdp per capita . 
  ( cia world factbook ) that 's around 60 country ranks apart . 
  i 've got a lot of friends who are ukrainian ( as am i partially ) and work in russia . 
  more jobs , better pay . 
  moreover , ukraine is about to bite the imf shitsandwhich whilst simultaneously losting out on the $ 16 billion promised by russia ( only $ 3 billion were handed over ) . 
  they 're gon na miss out on the free trade with russia too . 
  fuck , i do n't wan na be in their place , that country is heading down the shitter and the new gov ' t is just another set of corrupt oligarchs , not any different from the shit ukraine had or the shit we have in russia ( at least we have a leader strong enough to somewhat rein them in ) . 
  of course , there is one major factor here : political freedom . 
  kinda in short supply in russia as of right now , to make an understatement . 
  how much do the crimeans value that ? 
  hard to say , we are all former soviet citizens , we are used to tough times in the 90s and we goddamn know how it 's like to have shit nothing . 
  a lot of people here ( not you however ) live in rich western countries and they wax lyrical over freedom , but a lot of people will take a stable economy , a decent job and food on the table over freedom in eastern europe . 
  whether that 's the best in the long term ... maybe not . 
  but it 's hard to justify living for 10-20 years in penury while other less free nations ( china , also russia to a degree ) are doing relatively well economically . 
  nobody wants to be poor . 
  if it was n't for the recent ` homosexual propaganda ' laws in russia , i would n't mind putin too much . 
  ` fortunately ' ? 
  do you take pride in your ignorance ? 
  although one of them is n't very useful , i take pride in speaking russian , ukrainian and english fluently . 
  is a joke , why america have no humour in your language ? 
  if you noticed a pattern to a lot of protests around the world , they 're all heavily populated with english placards if they seek to address an issue that is more than just a very specific in-country problem . 
  that 's why you saw plenty of english placards in the egyptian revolution before , for instance . 
  it 's all for the western/international eye . 
  khrushchev also had a ukrainian accent , brezhnev had a slight one too . 
  i spent my early life in ukraine , i have traces of it too , even though i did not learn ukrainian as my primary language . 
  khrushchev acted like a ukrainian though , i do n't recollect brezhnev showing that off however . 
   apparently poles have balls of steel ... only if you redefine ` words ' as ` action ' . 
  poland is all words , it has no power projection capabilities to turn them into actions . 
  that 's why poland is so loud now , because they do n't have to back up their rhetoric with actions . 
  they 're trying to shame and goad the rest of the eu into action . 
  uk , france and germany -- the actual eu powers with the ability to project their power -- they 're all sitting quiet for now , deliberating on the best course of strategy . 
  they 're not stupid and they know that if they talk the talk they have to walk the walk or else they will look absurd waving their fists and yet doing nothing . 
  you can always wave your fists without using them , but there is a limit to the degree to which you can do that . 
  in short , poland does n't have shit , it 's just a dog yapping . 
  there is nothing to be proud of there , they are n't doing anything . 
  when eu or nato finally get off their arse and do something , * that 's * that time to be proud as a pan-european . 
  alas , i doubt they will do anything . 
  not that i care much anymore . 
  i 'm pan-european , but europe has no balls or any semblance of political unity . 
  might as well stay loyal to my country if the european community refuses to flex its muscles as the * economist * has been crying for in the past ten years . 
   usa only became `` a single country '' sometime between 1860 and 1900 . 
  err ... that 's not how it happened ... 
  if you think putin is stupid , you 've got your head in your arse . 
  he 's a brutal , autocratic thug , but stupid he is not . 
  he 's probably smarter than several eu leaders put together , managing russia is a sisyphus ' labour with a wall of oligarchical spears pointed in your back . 
  putin would love nothing more than ussr 2.0 , but he wo n't push into nato , that 's crazytalk . 
  us promised not to accept any of the former warsaw pact nations into the nato . 
  look where that promise led us ... western promises are worth nothing to russia , why does the west act so offended when russia deigns to ignore its promise ? 
  khrushchev gave krim to ukraine as a symbolic gift , but the ukrainian government rejected ussr in 1991 , despite the majority of the ukrainian people voting for a continued union under a new federal constitution , so i figure russia can have krim back if the ukrainian leaders do n't want association with us . 
  if ukrainians love separatism so much , why do n't the tolerate it within their own nations when there is a part of their country that would rather join russia ? 
  i guess the shoe hurts when it 's on your foot , so ukraine is just playing a hypocrite 's game . 
  that 's old data , bbc mentioned in their articles that as long as the ukrainians are allied with tatars , the ethnic russians wo n't be making any headway there . 
  notice how the russian population declined in ~ 10 years from 1989 , i 'd expect it to follow a similar pattern from 2001 to 2014 , probably even more considering that the russian economy began to gather steam since 2001 and a great deal of russians from krim migrated to russia in search of work .
