  yet if you ask / r/europe , there is no such thing as the ` patriarchy ' . 
  does n't real . 
  i 've seen this discussion before . 
  it 's always the fault of feminism , even though feminists propose equality in this field ( all or nothing mobilisation ), 
  please do n't be russian , please do n't be russian , yessssss !!!, 
  \\  mrw when i saw the other headline about tourists defacing monuments ... 
  normally i 'd chuckle and move on , but i just saw you arguing with a german on this thread and you were rather unapologetically jingoistic there , so i here i am ... 
  if canada tried to ally with the ussr you 'd definitely unleash havoc . 
  cuba overthrew a fascist ( literally ) mafia dictator and cast its lot with the ussr , us invaded it with troops that were totally not american-trained with guns totally bought at the local supermarket and supported by a fleet and air force that totally was just sitting there of unknown origin . 
  and then even considered downing a us airliner to serve as causus belli for a full out invasion , a neat little false flag plan that 's still breeding conspiratards to this day . 
  laugh all you want , but oh do you americans forget your history quickly ... 
  it is funny how you were so quick to compare putin 's actions to hitler as your secretary of state so diplomatically stated . 
  why compare putin to hitler when a much more recent , more similar and more closer comparison would suffice ? 
  i do n't laugh about russian imperialism or defend it . 
  it sucks , russia has been very bad especially as of late . 
  i have seen you skirting around your own country 's shit however . 
  maybe try being more honest next time . 
  toothless protests though , no talk of sanctions against the us and enough countries went along with us anyway . 
  for instance , poland and ukraine joined in . 
  balts did too , or did they ? 
  putin is a crafty fucker , he would n't do stuff if the ground was n't already well tread . 
  that 's how international law works . 
  even hitler and mussolini carefully observed and waited to see what league of nations would do with japan before trying out their own shit . 
  japan itself tread into manchuria carefully and waited to see what lon would do before attacking china . 
  mussolini especially was particularly concerned , but then he was relieved to see japan unpunished . 
  putin must be punished , but so us should have been . 
  otherwise you create a double standard and putin is more than happy to exploit that for his propaganda purposes , as if he cares about justice for anyone but himself . 
  international law is all about precedent . 
  treat all invaders harshly without regard as to who they are and you discourage potential aggressors . 
  what 's that sardonic american idiom that i love ? 
  `` locks keep honest people honest '' ? 
  putin is a hypocritical shit who loudly condemns what us does but secretly touches himself at the thought of manipulating and/or invading countries as us does . 
  if the western world did not recognise kosovo and then have the gall to call it `` an exception that is not to suggest a precedent '' and if the western world actually sanctioned us , putin would be a lot less likely to so what he did . 
  he certainly would n't try to stir the pot in donbass , as for crimea , well , dunno . 
  whataboutism is a deflection tactic that consists of deflecting criticism by stating that the other side does the same . 
  however , i am not deflecting criticism , i have spent oh , like 20 + posts here by now writing long prefaces as to why i believe i am responsible for acknowledging my country 's evils . 
  my entire reason for posting all of this was to call out poles for not being honest . 
  i am not deflecting criticism , i think what we did was wrong . 
  i am still talking here because there are some other poles replying to me who refuse to acknowledge what their country has done . 
  that 's not whataboutism . 
  russia * was * an aggressor frequently . 
  so was poland . 
  i admitted it . 
  most poles here seem to have issues with that , they want to hang onto their fantasy world of alternate history where poland is a poor , honest victim . 
  you know why i am posting also ? 
  poles may have their minds unchanged . 
  however , i do want others to see this perhaps , so that i do n't have to hear one more time about what a poor victim poland was . 
   as for crimea : nobody would complain if it was n't done in such a cuntish way . 
  we do n't even know how many russians would vote to be a part of russia or want autonomy . 
  err , crimeans had a referendum in 1994 , shit , i remember my father talking about it when i was a kid , we lived in chernivtsi then . 
  their vote however was not honoured , the leader had to go into exile . 
  it 's really naive to expect ukraine to give up its territory just like that , most nations are n't as democratic as the uk . 
  they tried the noncuntish way and failed . 
  so then when putin 's erection got big enough and when ukraine was down on the ground after maidan , our dear man putin took his chance and took what he wanted . 
  western organisations took polls after the change and confirmed the local views there , but we all know well enough it was n't important who thought what . 
  there was no ` non-cuntish ' way to transfer crimea . 
  countries do n't willingly give up their lands like that . 
  you think russia is going secede karelia if people there feel like going back to finland ? 
  fat chance . 
  nor will us give up its southern borders back to mexico . 
  indeed , it is easier to grant independence than to allow a transfer of territory to your neighbour . 
  uk would for instance have a much better chance of giving northern ireland independence rather than allowing ireland to take it , and those two nations are friends ... 
   apparently an actual historian . 
  i 'm studying law , undergraduate in history does n't precisely make me a historian , just more aware of events in history that normally i would not read about if i was n't educated on it . 
  you need at least a postgrad master 's or preferably a doctorate to call yourself a ` historian ' . 
   in the case of kresy , the conquest was accompanied by forced population transfer of over a million people from these regions , which is the actual crime here . 
  forced population transfers or situations where people wished they could rejoin their native country are very common historically however . 
  germans were expelled in large numbers after wwi and especially after wwii as well , germans who have been living in poland for centuries or many decades . 
  i deride poles for a victimhood complex * when they ignore all the wrongs they committed but then play victim when it comes to their wrongs * . 
  perhaps your emotions are clouding your judgement or logic , if so , please try to reconsider what i said . 
  because right now you 're doing exactly that . 
  you breezed right through the part where your country invaded other nations , and expelled/killed them , but you cry about it when it was your own foot that was stepped on . 
  that 's exactly why i speak out against people like you . 
  i would n't begrudge you bemoaning the bad thing that happened to your country if only you were honest about the fact that your country did the same and did not do more only for the lack of power to do so , rather than actual intention . 
  let 's not pussyfoot here , poland was no belgium , you guys were n't sitting there being good boys interwar period . 
  neither were we , the russians . 
  if poland had a better and bigger army , they would have conquered the parts of ukraine that you wanted and lithuania . 
  but you did n't . 
  not because you were polite , but because you lost militarily . 
  am i supposed to feel sorry for you because of that ? 
  no , i only feel sorry for the lives that were lost , because that was injustice . 
  that your country was n't that successful in wars that you started and then even less successful when other nations invaded you just as you invaded others , well , that 's harder to feel sympathy for . 
  i 'm sorry that individual people got displaced , but that is no longer an issue of national guilt for me . 
  think about it , russia is invading ukraine today . 
  imagine if china invaded siberia . 
  / r/europe would be gloating . 
  i 'm not gloating over poland invaded , but such is history . 
  people get invaded , i feel much worse for belgium getting invaded for instance than poland , belgium never invaded anyone . 
  i would have to admit as much as it pains me that i would feel much less worse if russia getting invaded by china in the context of russia not ceasing its own imperialism over ukraine . 
  sorry , poland did not invade them , they took over the land simply . 
  that they felt they had a claim to , yadda yadda but they were still complicit in what amounted to gleefully carving up a sovereign nation alongside with hitler . 
  now , i 'm not * condemning * poles for doing that . 
  strong do what they can , weak suffer what they must , that 's geopolitics . 
  and in all fairness to the poles , they did not massacre the people they took over in former czechoslovakia . 
  however , when the poles turn around and try to act as if they have the moral high ground to say that russia was so bad for pulling off the molotov-ribbentrop ... like , mate , we 're just doing the same thing you are , only on a bigger scale 'cause we 're bigger . 
  stalin desperately tried to get french and english to sign a defensive pact ( not a commonly known fact in the west , but it is out there in more scholarly writings if you are interested in reading about it ) with him , putting him alongside with poland . 
  west rejected . 
  as soon as the negotiations broke off because the west was only interested in steering hitler to attack eastwards into the ussr , stalin took up hitler 's offer . 
  sure , stalin was a brutal bastard for killing innocent poles and ukrainians and russians too , i admit that . 
  but to scream about ussr being the aggressor of wwii and a big bad bully of poland by pulling off a molotov-ribbentrop is to deny what poland did .
