  not all muslims are the muslims you stereotype in your narrow little bigoted mind . 
  the world 's largest population of muslims ? 
  indonesia . 
  not exactly the extremists you may be imagining . 
  muslims are n't shitty because they are muslims . 
  muslims are shitty when they come from shitty nations . 
  let me remind you again who drew those shitty senseless borders and meddled in their affairs and created artificial polities , yes , the west . 
  we have some responsibility in their situation too . 
  but muslims from nations that are n't shitty like bosnia or lebanon can be quite pleasant . 
  even muslims from our soviet central asian republics feel pretty normal to me , and their states are n't even exactly model countries . 
  *** so yeah , nice job posting bait . 
  yeah , i said it , your last few submissions are to shitty subs like / r/fatpeople hate ( a very sad place of really fucked-up people ) and / r/tumblrinaction , a place which began as making fun of sjws but devolved into far-right-wing breeding grounds where any form of progressivism is filth and where nazis & racists are liked more than sjws . 
  tia is a major recruiting ground for sites like stormfront and many other hate groups that explicitly target reddit . 
  you have a posting history which marks you as a very biased and bigoted person . 
  look , i do n't like the idea of being fat , i do n't enjoy fat people 's bodies , i would rather see everyone fit , but to post on / r/fatpeoplehate is a very shitty thing , it 's one of the top toxic subs of reddit . 
  just like tia , it attacks imaginary issues . 
  there is no ` fat acceptance ' that i can * actually * see around me . 
  everyone in the media is still fit and pretty unless the character calls for it . 
  fat kids still get bullied , and yes , some kill themselves . 
  i still feel great for being fit myself . 
  so go easy on the fatties , jesus christ . 
  live and let live , i do n't approve of some living habits , but i do n't bully them for it either . 
  i mean , so can russia by that measure . 
  we say ` kartofel ' , same thing . 
  but the informal name is ` kartoshka ' , it 's like lamborghini vs lambo sort of a thing . 
  kartoshka is just more natural and russian-sounding . 
  potatoes were famously brought by peter i , no doubt his pro-dutch/german bias manifested in the naming , and i 'm sure peter iii and catherine ii ( the kraut one ) did n't help . 
  we also say ` bulba ' when we make fun of belorussians worshipping their father bulba and his holy son , onion ( lukashenko has the root word ` luk ' which is ` onion ' ) . 
  to russians , all the latvian potato jokes are unknown , we make jokes about belorussian obsession with potato . 
  while i agree that russia is going into far right , i do have to say that your massive wall of links is a pretty common tactic of people who have a very biased propaganda agenda against one particular subject . 
  a well-sourced argument becomes very suspicious when it is marked by an account that singlemindedly focuses on a single subject for more than a year ... take a look at your post history . 
  it is absolutely all anti-russia . 
  now , i do n't approve of russia 's recent actions , but i 'm not a member of the ukrainian or the russian internet propaganda teams , so you will find absolutely zero submissions on my profile about russia or ukraine . 
  i do n't care to waste time on reddit propagandising in either direction . 
  i have my own life to live . 
  slacktivism is n't worth wasting my time on . 
  you are by definition the least objective source on russia , bar none . 
  if my post history was as anti-ukrainian as yours is anti-russian , i would be rightly called a russian shill . 
  your current submission was submitted under the guise of ` information ' , but it it information that is presented at a slant to create a particular perspective . 
  for instance , from an academic perspective , stalin 's industrialisation is what allowed ussr to compete with germany in ww2 . 
  his purges were terrible indeed , but modern wars are won with industry , not brilliant minds . 
  other generals replaced those purged . 
  supposing tsar nicholas ii or his hypothetical successor was still ruling russia , i would see no reason why they would industrialise as stalin did . 
  now , i think stalin was a very bad thing that happened to russia , but did he win ww2 for ussr ? 
  i think he did . 
  it 's a statement of fact , not a viewpoint . 
  you are taking something that was a statement of fact and twisting it into your agenda . 
  i dislike stalin strongly but his industrialisation created the soviet victory . 
  if history took course again and i could change it , if i had to choose between stalin and victorious hitler , i 'd choose stalin . 
  at least slavs and jews survived stalin , i doubt they would survive hitler . 
  the problem is n't crimea . 
  if putin stopped himself in time before the nasty mess in donbass , putin could have easily carried crimea away with only a minor hit to the economy , which would even out in the long term . 
  problem is that putin kept escalating the situation . 
  i thought donbass was just a quick diversion at first . 
  the west would shit their pants and then putin would back down and act like he 's such a gracious prick for not eating even more , so then europe would make some agreement with him wherein they basically ` give ' him crimea in return for an end to donbass . 
  merkel even offered such plans before . 
  putin did not quite take them however , or took one too late . 
  that 's the problem . 
  now the situation escalated out of hand . 
  crimea was n't the problem , problem was putin . 
   it 's a big market and they can strike a good deal because of their good diplomatic and political relations with them . 
  ok , while i get the point about the euro market , the point about ukraine really falls flat , there is nothing to be smug about there . 
  ukraine has an extremely poor reputation of being able to pay for what it buys . 
  in any deal , the most important thing can be whether you get paid or not , oh yeah . 
  paid on time too , you do n't want to stretch the debts for years and years as inflation keeps cutting them and quite possibly even lacking adequate interest payment being paid . 
  ultimately we know how the ukrainian situation would have played out if not for maidan and then the crimea business . 
  putin would forgive some or all of the debts in order to gain political leverage . 
  ukraine was like that friend who has a cool beach-house that you really want to attend because it 's really nice compared to your shitty ghetto house , but that friend is also a notorious moocher who does n't make much money and lives mostly on what his parents gave him , so you keep giving him cash because you want to keep going to his beach-house , not because you think you will get the cash back . 
  economic concerns always trump some bullshit sense of ` justice ' or ` goodness ' . 
  there is no justice or goodness in geopolitics . 
  look at china . 
  opposition does n't even exist there . 
  it gets murdered wholesale . 
  everyone still trades with them and signs any sort of mutually beneficial economic agreements . 
  russia is still free to the average person . 
  no , really , i say this as a major detractor of putin . 
  i mean , putin is terrible for russia politically , but russia still feels pretty free to the everyday person . 
  i never feel that ` big brother ' stuff , shoot , there is more reason to feel than in america due to the nsa than in russia which has no analogue . 
  russia is n't competent , organise or wealthy enough to monitor each and every citizen as some western nations do . 
  only the important guys are monitored . 
  in russia , if you are n't important , you are left alone . 
  you wo n't get sent to labour/re-education camps like in china . 
  our internet is still largely free , with more sites accessible than even in the west . 
  you can still protest if you like , as long as you are n't important or making a massive demonstration without a permit ( which is also illegal in the us ) . 
  the real problem with russian ` freedom ' is how deceptive it is . 
  the ` no freedom at all ' is a bunch of propaganda you 've been fed . 
  the reality is much worse . 
  the reality is that most people still feel perfectly free because the lack of freedom is n't very visible . 
  that 's the problem . 
  it lulls people into complacency . 
  i do n't feel unfree in russia and i could see why the average russian is n't groaning under putin 's autocracy . 
  russians pay more attention to their salaries and consumer products than they do to freedom . 
  which is perfectly understandable , after all , same could be said of the west . 
  it 's just that us is n't in danger of obama taking over forever ... ... russia is though . 
  not really , we do n't have a phrase for that insofar that i know , i just directly translated that part , whereas the rest was a proper translation . 
  geese is ` gusi ' in russian , a goose is ` gus ' with a soft 's ' . 
  yet german east african colonies were a marked improvement over british and belgian ones . 
  german southwest africa was not important to germany , it was not their focus . 
  in german east africa the natives there received better treatment and fought together with germans against the british invaders in wwi . 
  one would think they would welcome them as liberators , but no .
