  is nobody going to ask why israel is right behind turkey according to romanians ? 
  i mean , i did n't think anyone in romania cares about palestine -- i mean , not to stereotype , but i have a lot of romanians friends and i have never heard them mention it or even talk about it when we talked about middle east . 
  i know why turkey is disliked ( historical reasons ) but why israel ? 
  unfortunately not , if you want to read the best and most respected currently historian on eastern front of wwii , read glantz . 
  david glantz . 
  he has access to russian archives as well and he 's a former marine himself . 
  he has a doctorate , he writes only scholarly books , not popular ones . 
  but he writes from a soviet perspective since the soviet perspective has been historically overlooked by the west for a variety of reasons . 
  since yeltsin opened the archives in 1999 much has changed however . 
  glantz is at the forefront of that . 
  i do n't honestly know of any good historians writing from a finnish perspective . 
  it is n't that popular of a field in the west : s i did not major in modern history either , my cutoff is after 1600s which is the early modern age . 
  that is n't to say i did n't read anything , it is just that i have n't done upper level coursework on modern history and my readings were purely for personal interest rather than professional research . 
  i used to be a flaired contributor on askhistorians though ( in fact they 're the reason i joined reddit to post ) and you 'll be able to find a lot of good answers there . 
  top quality sub . 
  your question can be asked there too . 
  pfft , nobody looks past my flair unless i get down on my fours and suck their cock by saying something fawning or deeply critical of russia so i sure as fuck wo n't give anyone privileges i am not granted . 
  this is especially true if i have a balt or pole replying to me . 
  impossible not to get noticed . 
  i got my ba in history ( to be fair , antiquity not anything modern ) from an american university , i have much better education than whatever propaganda they taught in your schools too . 
  for that matter american schools are propaganda too . 
  but their universities are top notch and very impartial . 
  you do n't know history till you have a chance to study it in a post secondary setting . 
  that 's when the gov ' t mandated textbook propaganda starts to peter out . 
  finns blockaded leningrad which starved to death to the amount of a million , i am well aware of that part of history too . 
  i suppose you were n't , so whose schools are full of shit now ? 
  of course , finland was at war so it is n't surprising , i 'm not blaming finland for continuing a war we started anyway . 
  but wars do n't end when you want them to , contrary to what most of reddit thinks , the war did n't end with the winter war . 
   the only thing that saved the russia during world war 2 was the absurd sacrifices of men . 
  kthnxbye , end of discussion . 
  try picking up a book once in awhile . 
  maybe david glantz , but who knows , you 've hardly picked up so much as a scholarly journal article let alone a serious monograph . 
  war is a very complex matter . 
  ussr won primarily because of its massive industrial capacity that crushed the german one . 
  red army had a huge tank and artillery superiority , these are the war-winning weapons . 
  the men helped too , but china had plenty of men ( the most ) and could n't even dent the pathetic japanese army that got crushed in 1938 at khalkin gol by ussr . 
  incidentally americans and brits were humiliated by the japanese in the early war -- do you have an explanation by any chance how the inferior soviet barbarians beat the same japanese that later gained such victories as the rout at singapore ? 
  not with men alone are wars won . 
  *** my friend 's roommate 's brother in law said germans ate babies btw . 
  valid source . 
  ( i do n't doubt your story , but it is # 1 a useless anecdote , # 2 completely unverifiable , # 3 the german army had an exact same ` shoot the retreating men ' policy and they also had penal battalions , but guess which one gets mentioned more often ?? ), 
  either way , ignorant people like you will stay ignorant . 
  why read glantz when you can smugly retreat behind your idiocy ? 
  russia did very well against austria-hungary to the point where ah nearly collapsed during the aftermath of the brusilov offensive and the germans had to move in to plug all the holes . 
  however , against germany it was a terrible string of absurd losses . 
  battles of tannenberg and masurian lakes were blunders that even the red army would probably avoid to some degree ( unencrypted radio comms and two generals having a slapfight and splitting up ? ), 
  ultimately the war was not won or lost on the battlefield however . 
  that 's why i am so impatient with online disscussions of army dickmeasuring . 
  production and socio-political stability wins wars . 
  tsarist russia was agrarian to the core , factories producing heavy machinery were nearly nonexistent . 
  there were n't even enough basic rifles to give out to the soldiers , let alone to produce things like armour vehicles ( we ordered british armoured cars instead of making them for instance , never had any tanks either till the end ) . 
  tsarist russia was incredibly backwards , living in a world where other nations industrialised 200yrs ago ( in the case of the uk ) but russia still was n't . 
  moreover , political and social stability was shit . 
  once the ride got rocky revolutions and mutinies flared up . 
  stalin industrialised ussr and suppressed dissent . 
  these two factors won ussr the second world war . 
  if a tsar was in charge , we 'd lose wwii very quickly . 
  yeah , i agree with you on genocide , but again , nobody was clean back then , insofar as colonial genocides went germany killed the fewest . 
  of course , it also had the least amount of colonies due to being late for the scramble for africa ... 
  so yeah , i guess neither of us can prove much unless we could see alternate history version of a larger colonial germany . 
  it 's just that one of the things that set the germans apart from my readings was that they had a more equal relationship with the natives , kinda like the french as well , who considered northern africa to be more of a french province rather than a colonial possession . 
  the french gave out citizenship to the natives too . 
  the germans meanwhile won enough support among the locals that during wwi their local general there managed to consistently beat and outmaneuver the british invaders despite having a much smaller army -- which was practically all native too . 
  clearly the natives preferred the germans to the english to such a degree that they fought so tenaciously . 
  *** yeah , it 's just that my argument was that if the british monarchy turned benign , so could the german one . 
  the german monarchy had less sins weighing down its soul so i 'd argue it would be easier for them . 
  although who knows , the prussian culture has been characterised by some historian as very toxic ( not that judging cultures is really a popular thing in history ) due to its inherent conservatism and militarism . 
  *** that 's the one that i never stop mentioning here on / r/europe . 
  everyone here shits on the communists but the problem is that they do n't realise that while communism is bad today , back then it was the least worst option . 
  communism gave russia power it never had in all of its history , more power than any russian could ever imagine . 
  enough power to crush nazism . 
  without that power europe would run red with blood so thickly that we would live in a hollow shell of a world today . 
  americans would never invade europe if russia collapsed ( which would then quickly lead to a british surrender as nazi germany would focus all of its effort on the last holdout ) . 
  the whole invasion of france thing was a minor operation anyway , a single battle in the eastern front was larger than all the combined campaigns us ever fought against the nazis . 
  there is no question that without lenin 's role in overthrowing the old order and the very sad , regrettable role of stalin in brutally but swiftly industrialising ussr russia would doubtlessly lose against hitler . 
  germany in wwi had no problems trouncing russia . 
  germany in wwi could n't manage to advance more than a few kilometres in several years of france . 
  germany in wwii smashed france in a few weeks and would have smashed tsarist russia silly . 
  clay tablets were kept wet and then taken out to scribble with a reed stylus to scribble the stuff on them . 
  then they would be laid out in the sun to dry . 
  however , wet clay dried off fairly fast so you had to write quickly otherwise it would become hard to use that reed . 
  it 's actually the perfect format for posting hasty , angry messages , 
  it 's all relative , if you think ussr was bad , check out russian empire . 
  you can not judge all nations on a level field . 
  what 's impressive for china is not impressive for the us and what 's impressive for russia may not be impressive for x country . 
  last i checked , we defeated the nazis so unless uk or france was planning on secretly defeating the nazis i think you should perhaps agree that the side that actually bothered seriously fighting the nazis should call the shots . 
  perhaps if some other nation was willing to suffer a surprise invasion of its territory and kill 9/10 ( or 8 ? , i 'd have to check ) german soldiers we could give your theory a test . 
  once ussr industrialised finally the cold war era stuff was more or less standard . 
  americans love to brag about their kdr in vietnam , but the soviet kdr in afghanistan was no worse , if not better . 
  of course , i had to purposefully shut off a part of my brain to say this because the notion that kdr wins wars is plain asinine , but hey , again , you 're the one who brought this up ... 
  let 's be honest , the germans were some of the least belligerent of all of the colonial powers when you look at what the french , british , belgians , spanish and portuguese did . 
  i do n't really agree with your 2nd point at all especially since you 're a brit and your british monarchy is respected in your country , despite its sordid past . 
  but i agree with you that the russian monarchy was worse , i think russia took the least worst path with communism because tsarism was just so damned conservative and would have kept us on an india level of development sans population and probably with less democratisation . 
  tsarism would have lost wwii for russia and that would lead to a bloodbath of ungodly proportions . 
   what kind of logic is that ? 
  the earthly common sense kind ? 
  us killed a lot of people too . 
  i guess us is no better than nazi germany !, 
  / s russia was a poor , uneducated and barbaric place in the 1910s-20s . 
  now , i know , you 're gon na make the snide remark we 're not much better and you 're partially right but we 're now the most educated in the world ( # 1 by the amount of post-secondary degrees ) and we 're not as poor as we could be , realistically speaking .
