  it is n't illegal for greeks to purchase bonds or stocks or other things with the money in their accounts . 
  greeks have hard currency already , they 're not using the drachma anymore . 
  i do n't see how bitcoin will be helpful here , or more helpful than the alternatives . 
  and where would you take your data of 50/50 from ? 
  that 's insane , the most i 've seen mras say is 10 % . 
  which is still significant , but at least believable if it had proper citation from respectable sources . 
   none of the things that make it tough for actual victims affect false accusers . 
  the fact that it 's so difficult for a genuine rape victim to get her report to go to trial should be proof enough that it 's very difficult to take a false accusation to trial . 
  the burden of evidence is no small thing in the us to take your case to court . 
  sure , you can cite this or that anecdote , but as a whole the rate of reports vs trials is very much skewed against anyone reporting rape . 
  now , yeah , you can argue that an accusation can be damaging enough at time and that 's true , except now you 're moving goalposts , i thought we were discussing how the justice system handles it , not how the media handles it ( and the media will always mishandle it ) . 
  lastly , what 's with the special case in regards to rape ? 
  you can falsely accuse people of any crime . 
  and yeah , no matter the gravity of the accusation , your penalty for that is always perjury if it is proven that the accusation is false . 
  it 's hilarious to see how rabidly some male redditors react when there is a slightest hint of bias against their male gender , real or imagined . 
  if only we were as equally concerned when the justice system slighted other members of our society ... 
  instead race-related issues are buried . 
  btw , how is your shitty account going , i checked your history and apparently you 're an alt ( or just very dedicated ) to posting pretty much only when you need to wade into a race or gender debate with an invariably far-right opinion . 
  do these arguments i just made remind you of anything ? 
   none of this is proof of `` rape culture '' , in case you were thinking it is . 
  the term is a bit hazy , i 'm not trying to advocate it or follow the party line of feminists . 
  i 'm a guy who came from russia to the us and when i see things i perceive as bullshit , i call it out . 
  i 'm not interested in creating ` rape culture ' tripe , but i do n't like to see men like you peddling specious bullshit either . 
  bitcoin ? 
  when was the last time a country in the eurozone was as unstable as bitcoin ? 
  surely out of all the thousands of things one can invest it , bitcoin is n't the preferred choice ? 
  bitcoin is n't for investing the last of your money when you 're about to face an even deeper financial downturn . 
  it 's a fun cryptocurrency that you can try mining or speculating , but it 's terrible for ` holding ' , alas , most people on / r/bitcoin seem to be the type who invest their meagre savings into it and hold it . 
  bitcoin was best when it was mined , now it is n't very profitable to do that , so the only option is speculating on it in short term , that 's as much use as i can see for it right now . 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ \\ ^ this is what people actually believe on this site nevermind the massive stigma that women face even reporting rape , let alone getting any sort of investigation started or especially an actual trial . 
  india has a higher rape conviction rate than us or uk . 
  bet most of reddit would n't know that though , most pretend that in india rapists run without consequence whilst in us/uk everyone who rapes and then half as many times more innocents are damned to prison . 
  sure , it is , but once again , i find it hilarious how little self-awareness certain portions of reddit exhibit at times . 
  if you stick around on reddit long enough you 'll find that people here get more riled up over weed legalisation , ` free speech ' ( on private sites , not in the context of gov ' t vs citizen ) nsa and ip laws than over more serious life-threatening issues . 
  does that mean we have to stop progress because problem a is more serious than problems b , c and d ? 
  i mean , if american feminists are ridiculous , then how ridiculous is it that american men even complain ? 
  if american feminists should stfu because women in africa and me have it worse off , does that mean that american men ca n't even make a pipsqueak ? 
  i find it completely baffling how utterly lacking in self awareness most redditors in opposition to the mythical ` sjw menace ' tend to be . 
  like take fph banning and the host of antifeminist subs all crying about ` feminists hugboxes/safe spaces ' . 
  and yet they 'll ban you for saying something vaguely progressive in many of those subs . 
  extremes tend to horseshoe until they resemble each other . 
  problem is , reddit has so many ` socially right wing sjws ' as i call them ( people who are easily triggered and bitch about minor stuff , left or right wing ) that the echochamber on reddit thinks that coontown sub is crazy , trp sub is a bit nutty , mensrights sub is totes ok and feminists are batshit crazy . 
  whereas in the real world , first three are crazy and feminists range from crazy to utterly common and universally accepted . 
  same thing , let 's not kid around . 
  needlessly antagonising potential voters is n't what smart politicians do . 
  plenty of muslims or children of muslims in uk . 
  i do n't disagree with cameron either . 
  middle east is n't shitty because of islam . 
  is anyone here actually mentally stunted enough to believe that if all the middle eastern and northern african nationals converted to christianity they would improve their society ? 
  i know a lot of bosnian muslims . 
  they are perfectly sane and normal people . 
  coming from a country with a difficult history , but not as difficult as the middle east however . 
  close enough to ` europe proper ' to gain enough of the shared european values somewhat . 
  they 're not shitty because they 're muslim . 
  neither is indonesia shitty because it is muslim . 
  or bangladesh . 
  syria , turkey , all the gulf states , ksa , tunisia , afghanistan and iraq barely dent the indonesian and bangladeshi combined population . 
  the more you study history , geopolitics and general geography the more you realise how much geographic location and the outside influences create ( or destroy ) states . 
  indonesia is n't relatively peaceful and stable because they have a superior race or superior religion . 
  they 're simply in a better spot than middle east . 
  i love how offended redditors get when they 're generalised for supposedly being sexist , racist , autistic neckbeards , but in turn it 's so popular sometimes here to generalise 1bn people just like that . 
  no self awareness at all . 
  glad you 're so articulate and mature in your comments . 
  there you go again , a single anecdotal but highly publicised example is somehow a ` proof ' of anything . 
  i guess i can dig up a few stories of genuine locals in donbass and ` prove ' that donbass is basically a self defense underdog fight of big bad ukraine vs poor locals . 
  surely there is nothing wrong in building your worldview upon anecdotes !, 
  reddit is an echochamber of 20-something white males , mostly middle class and mostly american . 
  consequently much of what 's posted on this reflects the biases of the said demographic . 
  with a healthy dollop of sexism thrown in , let 's not forget a dash of racism too . 
  does it surprise you that young guys tend to be a bit sexist , especially when this site whined so much about friendzoning before it became uncool to do so ? 
  sometimes a look at / r/askreddit threads makes me wonder what kind of antisocial weirdos and freaks populate this site . 
  content is fun , but maaan , the userbase is weird . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just a 20-something russian guy who came to us to study and live for a time being ... btw , us is a pretty decent society , socially speaking . 
  yeah , there is some racism , but overall gender relations here tend to be going in the right direction and racism is decreasing . 
  sadly , can not say the same about my country . 
  sure , if you 're sitting in an mra reddit echochamber . 
  how many rape news stories hit the frontpage ( especially when they are n't comitted by brown people ) ? 
  how many false rape accusation stories ? 
  what 's the ratio of actual irl false rape to actual rape incidents ? 
  half this fucking site believes that there is a massive false rape epidemic . 
  white males , the most oppressed minority in today 's world . 
  hmm , us has a large socially liberal contingent , maybe in the southern bible belt you have the gay-bashers , but most people in the us tend to be more or less chill about gay marriage from my experience . 
  back home in russia it 's not a topic most will love to discuss , people in the cities tend to be tolerant , but only in the largest cities and then only the more educated people ( to be fair over 50 % of russian adults have college degrees which is the highest in the world , but a degree does not always make a person open-minded , hah ) . 
  throw in some gov ' t propaganda and the situation sucks . 
  why is slovakia so bad in your opinion ? 
  i 'd love to see data for serbia if they were given the same question as this survey too . 
  oh , i was born in chernivtsi and lived there through my teenage years , i 've been to odessa , zatoka and evpatoria , but i 'll be brutally honest , in the 1990s when i lived in ukraine and then in the 2000s when i visited it , everything kinda was shitty , no offence , but it 's not ` world class ' , nowhere near . 
  it was ok enough for me , i 'm used to it , but comparing it to all the other beaches i 've been to in europe and us it 's really crummy . 
  i heard there are some really pretty spots in krim , but ermm , about that ...  _ < sorry about that . 
  well , i 'm really sorry about donbass actually , krim i wo n't shed tears over , but it was a beautiful place , kinda sucks that ukraine lost it ( says my ukrainian side , my russian side says it was n't ukrainian anyway , since i 'm half this and half that it 's a bit complicated for me ) . 
  anyway , the black sea is n't really that great of a resort sea imo , i would n't go to sochi either really , it 's nicer but still meh in my opinion . 
  i really want to go to the karpati again , carpathian mountains are breathtakingly beautiful , we had close family friends in ukraine who had a dacha there and it was simply unbelievably scenic , pristine and heavenly in general . 
  other than the karpati , i would n't say ukraine has many other decent spots . 
  our beaches are filthy and our cities rubbish-sodden and run down . 
  not even rustic rubbish , there is simply nothing bucolic about earth made of composted cigarette butts and sunflower shells . 
  how cheap do you think the carpathian resorts are with all these currency collapses ? 
  has it made living in ukraine significantly cheaper if you 're coming in with dollars ? 
  funny , english also went this way , in english ` terrific ' used to mean ` terrifying ' but now it usually means a positive thing , e.g. 
  something electrifyingly good . 
  in russian we still say ` uzhasno ' to mean ` terrible ' , unless the context is different though .
