  how many world leaders claim the same ? 
  time will show what it will do to russia in long-term , but what if he does n't care as much about that now ? 
  then he achieved his goal . 
  putin is a smart devil , he plays his goddamn cards well . 
  to whitewash the shit and corruption of his regime he made this , and now he 's bloody popular . 
  and i understand why , i like that he is pushing back at the west too , russia got shoved around enough . 
  it 's just that i do n't want emperor putin to rule until he dies , we need fresh blood in the kremlin . 
   it 's not 1962 any more , the cold war is over . 
  are you just being wilfully ignorant here , because you sound more like an american who never heard of geopolitics rather than a brit who probably should read more about foreign policy than an american who does n't need to on the account of superpower status . 
  cold war did not change anything , us will not stand for a military base on its borders . 
  it did not stand for this ever since its creation , once again , i have to remind people of the monroe doctrine and the american perception that the entire north and south americas are basically their backyard and nobody is allowed in with their toys . 
  us and china still maintain buffer zones . 
  you may have heard of north korea for instance , everyone hates it and yet china enthusiastically props it up because it does n't want rok/us bases on its border ? 
  well , russia is likewise interested in not having a nato base right on its border , seeing how we only get invaded , oh , like every 50 years and lose , oh , like , several million people each time . 
  i 'm sure there is more rationalisation for our buffer zones than the american one . 
  and we are n't asking for two continents either . 
  gorbachev could have sent in the tanks and crushed any rebellion in 1991 , but after talks with the us president and promises not to expand nato into the warsaw pact , gorbachev chose to peacefully diassemble the ussr . 
  he was an idealistic . 
  always was a good man . 
  well , and look how far that took him . 
  if ussr knew what would follow its collapse , it would have never allowed it . 
  it is n't ` shitting pants ' , it 's just uncertainty . 
  and sensibility . 
  nobody is sure how far putin will go and nobody is willing to risk military or economic warfare over some former russian ( and now again ? ), 
  rump territory in ukraine . 
  i ca n't say i would have done differently in the shoes of the west . 
  i mean , what is there to be done ? 
  ok bro , let me just set up a russian military base in cuba -- * oh wait * . 
  that 's ok , this sub will upvote any conspiracy theory as long as it is anti-russian , i 've seen many ukrainian-flaired ( and others as well ) users spout the craziest bullshit and get upvoted . 
  or the shit-ignorant doomsday wwiii moaning from amis or brits who have n't got a clue about the situation between ukraine and russia . 
  it is quite likely that the killing here was perpetrated by the russian , but let 's not pretend this sub cares about objectivity . 
   it 's some imperialistic bullshit created by bastards like hitler or putin . 
  til hitler and putin predate the [ monroe doctrine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ) . 
  us gets antsy when russia sent a cruiser for [ naval exercises with venezuela ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7759892.stm ) in their and international waters , cuba does n't have the right to self-determination , but when russia protests military bases being built on its border , it is [ le ] terally hitler . 
  and us gets two massive oceans protecting it , whilst russia gets only regular 50-year-interval ( or sometimes less ) invasions on its territory . 
  you have to understand history , after getting invaded by westerners with clockwork regularity , it is n't hard to see why russians want a buffer zone . 
  once again , china and the us get their buffer zones , but russia is n't allowed one . 
  i have no idea why the west was surprised by putin , he is a very bitter and proud man who is n't very good at accepting the reality of the modern situation . 
  or perhaps he thinks he can change it . 
  *** given your flair , i can understand your perspective , lithuania and the rest of the baltic states got the shite end of the stick from ussr . 
  but as much as you can bury your head in sand , the concept of buffer states wo n't go away , it is a reality of geopolitics . 
  imagine if russia sets up a military base in mexico . 
  us will flip its shit . 
  but if us does the same to russia , it 's ok . last time ussr set up a base in cuba , us nearly plunged the world into a nuclear doom . 
  maybe putin is further escalating the situation only to walk off in the end and sorta say ` see what an amiable and generous chap i am ? 
  i could have taken half of ukraine , but only had the modesty to take crimea ' . 
  that way he can maybe try to play off any meaningful sanctions . 
  the west will be so relieved to see him back off that they might overlooked crimea . 
  after all , crimea is a done and done deal , international geopolitics are practical , and sanctioning putin is n't . 
  he wo n't back down and the sanctions will only hurt trade that benefits both sides . 
  only real solution to containing putin is expanding nato ... 
  ... which is the very same problem that led to putin 's mindset in the first place , as he was very bitter to see us break the promise of no post-ussr nato expansion into the warsaw pact and the creation of bases even closer to russia , removing russia 's sphere of influence . 
  the fundamental problem is that nobody seems to recognise that russia needs a buffer zone . 
  china has one , us claimed two entire continents as its own , but russia has to be content with nato bases right on its border , apparently ... obviously it is morally wrong in relation to the independent polities around russia , but spheres of influences are never fair , the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must -- this is what putin sees , and to be fair , that is what russia got in 1990s-early 2000s . 
  of course . 
  trade is very global these days , i chuckle whenever the us right-wingers moan and scaremonger about china ` owning ' us when in reality , china depends on the us a lot more than us depends on china . 
  according to juvenile logic the importer will be more deprived than the exporter if trade was to cease , but according to macroecon , it will hurt china far worse than the us . 
  and china owns the treasury bonds for their own good too . 
  * however * , i do not see how this trade cooperation has any influence on what i said though , i mean , i do n't see what argument this has for or against my point , it just looks like a random fact to me , maybe you can clarify for me ? 
  :p china will oppose the west geopolitically no matter what sort of trade links it has . 
  foreign policy is foreign policy and trade is trade , china and the west are keen to keep the two separate . 
  russia would prefer the same . 
  and by large they would prefer not to escalate anything past the point where the west would be mad enough to freeze trade -- while china & russia are more vulnerable to the cessation of trade than the eu&us , the former are also more inured to hardship and due to their governmental types , more determined than a more rational democratic government that will be more averse to sinking its party . 
  not many are naive enough to * truly * believe that nations are friends simply for the sake of being friends , despite what some of the comments here seem to dig at on the surface . 
  friendship is always about aligned interests . 
  i find merkel 's present very amusing , but it is n't serious at all , at least not in the manner that the some of the childish comments of this thread suggest . 
  paradoxically , ` trolling ' is the most mature way of conveying the situation here , because that 's what she did at best , there is nothing more to this -- if there is even that , this could be a simple present . 
  china and russia currently align very well because they are both usually running a foreign policy that directly conflicts with the mostly liberal and mostly democratic west , whereas russia and china are the heads of a mostly authoritarian and more repressed nations of the world . 
  they will always stick together as far as they both run these policies because they can not afford to go against each other , since united they can make somewhat of a stand against the west , but disunited the combined power of eu and us dwarfs each individual country ( in fact , both china and russia still have a long way to go to reach the eu or us level of development or aggregate power ) no amount of silly presents will even so much as cause a pinprick in the relations . 
  that china does n't want crimea to happen to them is obvious , but putin will never do that . 
  both china and russia are afraid of western interventionism because they are afraid the west may take advantage of them when the internal dissent in either countries bubbles its way to a real revolution . 
  china is n't afraid of crimea being some sort of an example or precedent , they shit on these things just as for that matter the west will shit on the very international laws it ` creates ' . 
  there is right in might and china will quash any internal dissent with repression and blood , as it always did . 
  xinjiang and tibet will always bubble , crimea or no crimea . 
  crimea is a non-issue for them , they know they are n't going to get any fallout from it . 
  they will politely refrain from making strongly worded statements either way , but they quitely support russia much in the same way russia will give its quiet support to any territorial disputes that china might get with pakistan, 
  weird ? 
  she looks fairly nice , 
  it is n't photoshop according to what i 've seen , but some people say it may be misattributed ( doubt it ) . 
  east germany was communist and the attitudes towards public nudity were quite relaxed . 
  [ pfft , why not the real merkel in the prime of her youth , as bare as she was born !, 
  test . 
  edit : wohooo , ussr is back baby !, 
  of course , that 's the problem now . 
  but even at the start of his career the russian people were afraid of a yeltsin , so when putin impressed the people with the 2nd chechen war and the resounding , meaningful victory there , he pretty much engineered his crown on the bones of the dead chechens . 
  and there is talk that the apartment bombings were rigged , not just by conspiracy theorists , but in western academic journals ... 
  peas in a pod ... 
   the guy is gay but sees putin as a great politician . 
  that 's me too . 
  i wish he did n't sign those laws in as of late , but as someone who both likes guys , is a guy and lived in russia i understand that most people back him on that , so i ca n't even blame him directly for it , he was just playing into the prejudices of the common folk , scoring off easy points . 
  it 's just that he is a great politician for the plan that he himself made for russia ... 
  it 's hard to deny that he is a brilliant politician , the real question is , will he ever take russia anywhere good and will the alternatives be anything more than yeltsin 2.0 ? 
  russia is haunted by the 90s and the drunk fiasco that was yeltsin , not many people love putin , but many respect his tenacity and almost everyone believes that he is the only one who can keep the oligarchs in check ... 
  when he wants to keep them in check ... 
  similarly , not many deny that so much of the same leader is unhealthy , politics should switch up every now and then to keep the policymaking fresh and not entrenched in the past . 
  but again , who will replace putin ? 
  should n't you be defending what remains of your national border instead of running your mouth off here ? 
  or are you a traitor who has long since left your * batkivshchina * ? 
  hohol can not into pan-slavism , bulgaria is russia 's ally !, 
  \\ #rekt,
