  i 'm an aggressive fella with appetites really , i like my men and i like my clay . 
  gib clay and hot german dudes to me , and i may not invade your puny sorry state ... today ... 
  maybe i should get a new flag so people will stop asking me how much i like homosex ( i like it very much , thank you ) and how much i love invading other countries for their clay ( likewise , always my pleasure ) . 
  lol dude , if you wan na help your country get off this sub . 
  in fact , shit , a more conspiracy-minded ukrainian would call you a russian shill , so perfectly do you play into the hands of the russian propaganda . 
   and judging from internet reactions to such situations , quite a successful propaganda . 
  the best propaganda is based on truth , albeit truth that is , as you said , blown far out of proportion . 
  still , i do n't like the fact that there are so many svoboda ministers because most of them are n't holding useless posts , but rather fairly important ones : oleksandr sych - vice prime minister andriy mokhnyk - minister of ecology ihor shvayka - minister of agriculture ihor tenyukh - minister of defence oleh makhnitsky - general prosecutor **** out of these , the first is very important symbolically , but lacks power . 
  minister of agriculture is very important in ukraine too , but it 's not a position from which you can project a lot of power . 
  however , the last two - mod and chief prosecutor is very scary , these are the * absolute worst * places to put neo-nazis , aside from the presidential and prime ministerial seat . 
  i do n't understand how a party that is so often downplayed by the west controls such important posts . 
  looks like they 're not as powerless as we thought . 
  *** now , my prediction is that the next general election will unseat them . 
  the east of ukraine will participate there , that will dilute the svoboda power . 
  however , the very fact that the west of ukraine has such a strong svoboda following is worrisome . 
  look , i 'm not gon na let you drag me down here , ` facts ' is such a funny word when literally nobody outside of ukraine denies that svoboda are neo-nazis . 
  the real debate is in exactly how much power they wield right now . 
  i 'm going to say that the have more than they should , but not enough to call the new gov ' t ` fascist ' . 
  still , svoboda is different , they are pretty explicitly fascist . 
  as for the rest , i 'm just gon na let the rest of the posters judge us here . 
   they are not attacking anyone based on their ethnicity , spoken language , etc. 
  [ i guess calling mila kunis ` zhidovka ' ] ( http://observer.com/2013/02/ukrainian-anti-semitism-and-mila-kunis-complicated-by-facebook-dictionaries/ ) -- that 's ` female kike ' for those who do n't speak russian here , is absolutely not attacking at all -- funny thing too , the ponytailed bastard who roughed up this pershi natsionalniy head was the same one who said that about kunis . 
  it 's absurd to claim that svoboda is not neo-nazi , far-right , hateful party . 
  you 're destroying the ukrainian credibility on this sub by defending those whom you should instead attack , simply on a reflexive , knee-jerk nationalist whim . 
  now , the trick is that russia claims svoboda pretty much took over ukrainian gov ` t. 
  that 's propaganda . 
  ukrainian gov ' t is mostly more or less moderate . 
  but svoboda still has too many top posts for a party of its history . 
  that needs to be rectified . 
  and right now , the eastern raioni of ukraine do n't have real representation in the new interim gov ` t. 
  so putin is technically right about the gov ' t being illegal , it is in effect illegal if it does not represent the interests of the entire country . 
  a coup has to be followed by immediate and democratic elections in order for the new gov ' t to be legitimate . 
   it is propaganda when you take the grain of truth in something and then spin it to suit your political agenda . 
  kinda like you go around this thread claiming :  well they do n't use neo-nazi symbols anymore , and always claimed that these symbols are n't neo-nazi . 
  they are n't promoting anything neo-nazi now , not passing or attempting to pass any remotely neo-nazi laws either in the parliament or in the provincial legislatures . 
  they are not attacking anyone based on their ethnicity , spoken language , etc. 
  i guess you never heard of rebranding , except , i guess , neither have a lot of their members , who still wear neo-nazi symbols and still assault people as neo-nazis do . 
  you see , the difference between you and me is that i see the ukrainian gov ' t as mostly a moderate gov ' t with a few svoboda baddies , but alas , no real representation of the east , so not quite legal ~ ~ use ~ ~ edit : yet . 
  it 's a well-qualified statement -- i do n't take the russian propaganda that ukrainian gov ' t is all fascists , but i do n't ignore the few fascists that are in fact there either . 
  you on the other hand just go the route of full denial , claiming they are n't the slightest bit neo-nazi anymore . 
   since putin is democratically elected while agree with you on all your other points , it is a bit absurd to claim russian elections are democratic . 
  not just absurd , but also quite hypocritical , because the west will be the first to say that the russian elections are sham ( they are to a large degree ) but apparently when it suits the west , now he 's ` democratically ' elected . 
  i know you 're romania , sure , but by now you are eu , so you 're the ` west ' to a russian . 
  fak yuo hohol , how can our elites call all their mistresses and the guys paying them bribes if you disable iphones ? 
  it 's not like there is any decent working phone that is an alternative to iphone , i mean , why else would they all use apple ?? 
   actually did try to initially keep them . 
  much like a horny young christian kid who tries hard not to stick his hand in his sweetheart 's panties and yet ultimately fails because he knows he never meant to say no to those sweet , sweet lips of hers ... 
  tatars were deported for the same reason cossacks were also deported : quite a few of them aided the nazis , stalin came down hard on both . 
  stalin was a paranoid dictator , he executed thousands that were innocent and caused the death of a few million who were almost mostly innocent . 
  it would be rather absurd if he did not punish groups that aided the nazis when he punished groups who were innocent ( and of course , the doctor 's plot which was going to start a genuine anti-jewish pogrom , praise all deities that stalin croaked before he had a change to implement it ) . 
  do n't link to wiki when it 's about something this sensitive , [ here is a better source ] ( http://www.academia.edu/3566501/antisemitic_doctrine_in_crimean_tatar_newspaper_azat_kirim_1942-1944 ) that directly contradicts your wiki link . 
  your wiki link states * ` in 1944 , under the ** false pretext ** of alleged collaboration between the crimean tatars and the nazis during the nazi occupation of the crimea ' * , however , that is patently false , tatars did collaborate . 
  source is the ukrainian center for holocaust studies . 
  author is [ mikhail tyaglyy ] ( http://www.preserving-survivors-memories.org/speaker/tyaglyy.html ) , now holding a doctorate in history . 
  *** i would rather not believe all the scaremongering here , putin has allowed relative ( for russia ) autonomy to tatar republics here , i am rather tired of seeing him likened to the next hitler ready to genocide the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ tatars . 
  he 's brutal and undemocratic , but he is n't going to persecute the tatars for being tatar . 
  yes , i have a few latvian and lithuanian friends who speak russian with me , all over 34 . 
  same story with my moldovan friends as well . 
  i was wondering which one you were . 
  never knew anyone from estonia personally , however . 
  oh , i know , i saw it , but it is not impossible to find an esti who speaks russian , or rather , an esti of russian descent . 
  sukin ' sin , a ti shto , po russki shparish ? 
   these are russian sponsored provocateurs . 
  did you even watch the video , or is this sub just gon na upvote any bullshit as long as it fits the anti-russia circlejerk ? 
  bbc identified the ponytail guy as [ igor miroshnichenko ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ihor_miroshnychenko ) , a svoboda member of the verkhovna rada . 
  he 's also the one who called milla kunis the ` zhid ' -- kike btw , after she complained about discrimination against the jews in chernovtsi . 
  that 's kinda funny to me , i 'm 1/4 jewish maternally , i also lived in chernovtsi as a kid and attended the gymnasium # 2 there , right by the main sobor . 
  never thought my childhood city would make the news . 
  even if russia is funneling money into svoboda ( who knows , would not surprise me ) , this is a guy who no doubt believes in what he says and the people from his district apparently support him . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  first off , south ossetia and abkhazia are in a limbo , they are not georgian but they are not russian anymore . 
  they 're also in the middle of nowhere . 
  crimea has ports , tourism , fisheries , more land , etc -- and most importantly , looks like putin is hellbent on joining it to russia . 
  russia , if you remember , has [ 2x gdp per capita ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2004rank.html ) , a far more robust jobs market ( i have a lot of ukrainian friends who work in russia ) and overall russia despite all its lack of freedom is still a more economically viable nation than ukraine . 
  ukraine is bankrupt and politically divided right now . 
  it 's going to be taking terms from imf and the terms will be harsh , because the budget has to be set right again . 
  the soviet-era subsidies will be cut , jobs will be cut , economy is going to spiral downwards . 
  life there will get very tough very soon . 
  *** * look , i am not going to start defending putin * , he is a brutal autocratic thug who fudges our elections and does n't do enough to cut corruption , but this is just bullshit propaganda . 
  abkhazia and south ossetia bit the shitsandwhich . 
  it is very likely to fare better than the rest of ukraine , especially since putin will pour money into it , and as an oblast ' in the russian federation , it will get more of that money into actual projects ( and let 's not play ignorant here , [ ukraine actually managed to be more corrupt than russia ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2013/results ) , which is hardly encouraging ) . 
  the ukrainian flag was definitely meant to represent that , but i agree , the estonian flag does smell like what you say . 
  well yes , ukrainian flag is [ golden wheat on the backdrop of blue sky ] ( http://holthoff.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/ljjlio4.jpg ) ( pic taken in ukraine btw ) . 
  it was the breadbasket of the ussr after all  and the russian flag ? 
  well , my theory is that it is white clouds , blue sky below and red blood on the ground  _ <, 
  tell that to kosovo , mr. eu , 
  you have to understand though , russia is a different land , and chechnya is more so . 
  west criticises putin for his heavy-handed , autocratic methods , but democracy has no place in russia of today . 
  living standards need to be raised , corruption cut and oligarchical power curtailed before democracy would have a chance in russia . 
  otherwise it will devolve into the incompetent kleptocracy of yeltsin era . 
  putin may be running his gang and benefitting them , but at least he has a strong hold on the reins . 
  russia never had democracy and it will take a bit of time for it to take root . 
  i predict that if putin keeps the russian economy growing steadily , in 10-20 yrs we might start having a chance . 
  *** as for chechnya , that place was an open battlefield . 
  in the 2nd chechen war we levelled them and smashed their forces , but the enmity was deep and the guerrilla war was raging . 
  kadyrov 's placement as the head of the chechen republic was perfect , he picked a thug so brutal that kadyrov managed to squash all dissent without needing the russian troops . 
  let chechens oppress chechens . 
  nobody can claim russia is doing it , and hell , kadyrov is n't even unpopular from what i hear . 
  meh , american system is still pretty neat , the amount of freedom the states have to set their own bullshit and crazy and nonsensical laws is amazing to me , a russian expat living in the us ( permanent residency only , i am not an american citizen ) i know the american gov ' t is n't usually praised , but fuck , the states here make america look like the most enlightened , fair and liberal country in the world . 
  and i mean , america ai n't bad , it 's just not perfect either , y' know ...
