  ( the first two combined receive over 75 % of the aid and the latter is the third largest beneficiary ) for all the money spent , all three of those countries have a very mixed record of actually doing what the us wants . 
  israelis sometimes act like they tell what the us should do , not the other way around , egypt with morsi and now sisi routinely tells us to go screw itself , such as supporting assad and pakistan , well , we all know pakistan , they literally harboured bin laden . 
  of course , those nations are still in a way have a leash around their necks , but it 's not a very noticeable one . 
  the point of paying money is to have leverage over strategic partners . 
  us does n't want an unstable egypt or pakistan , that 's very bad . 
  neither does russia want an unstable chechnya , we did n't like our experiences with an unstable chechnya on the eve of the second chechen war . 
  to be fair , most did n't at the start of the first chechen war . 
  then the incompetence of the russian military and the brutality that was born of the incompetence and a simple lack of giving a shit caused a majority of chechens to favour what they had not before . 
  at the middle to the end of the first chechen war , the majority of chechens did want independence . 
  fast forward to the eve of the second chechen war and you had a situation where chechnya was a failed state that could not stop the international islamist terrorists from making their nest there and eventually invading the neighbouring russian dagestan , which did not care at all to be a part of an islamic caliphate and repelled them . 
  this led to a russian army invasion of chechnya , because you know , it 's kinda hard to have an islamic caliphate that bombs you and invades you right at your border . 
  finally today chechnya is pretty successful economically and although they do have a brutal dictator leading them , very few people believe that chechnya could have a western-style democratic leader because of the special situation there . 
  most people in chechnya today would prefer to be in russia rather than independent . 
  it 's kinda hard to be independent at that size and in that region -- not to mention putin is funneling billions and billions of units of hard currency to keep chechens relatively content . 
  you bastards and your blasted shipyards gave us this carrier , it 's your revenge for what we have done to you ... :p may god save us from nikolaev-built carriers !, 
  hence why we were trying to get those mistrals , though not actual carriers they still gave us better capabilities than our current floating scrapheaps . 
  actually if we were rating french presidents by how hot their mistresses were , [ he 'd be among the top ] ( https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=julie+gayet&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjkh4-gr9tqahwjy4mkhwtzc7qq1qiinsga ) his partner before he had the mistress looked great too for her age , she 's segolene royal , pretty famous left-wing leader in france . 
  not literally self hating of course , just very bitter about russia , you know what i mean . 
  look , i 'm not happy at all about putin being an emperor at this point and the country sliding into social regressivism , but zurfer literally posts how russia is about to fall apart into 20 countries in 10 years , i 'm not exaggerating . 
  i 've never seen him say anything remotely positive about russia . 
  and on / r/europe everyone is shitting on russia so if you wan na have fun and spar with the circlejerk , you got ta take the other side . 
  meanwhile on / r/russia the circlejerk is that russia is the last refuge of european civilisation and putin is an enlightened monarch who will lead the country into the golden age , so correspondingly you got ta tell them to check the weather outside of their assholes once in a while . 
  when / r/europe sees a russian flair , they downvote unless the poster prefaces their comment with `` fuck putin '' in all caps and bold , just to make it known they 're not a putinist because naturally all russians online love putin ... 
  still kinda surprised they did n't get it , / u/zurfer75 is like the biggest self-hating russian i 've seen on this sub , i figured others noticed . 
  i think / u/zurfer75 was being sarcastic/satirical , they make me look like a patriotic russian , and i 'm the guy who 'd be happy to have a german ruling us , a catherine iii if you will , maybe merkel i dunno ? 
  and also i 'd prefer if we switched to english , yeah . 
  russia does n't even need a navy , we 're a pretty landlocked country , not particularly dependent on shipping lanes , especially since our biggest trading partners are all easily accessible with rail . 
  navy is mostly good for power projection , something we should do less , not more . 
  i do n't like china but practically everything i use and wear and drive and do was made in china ... 
  lot of the natural resources you are using may have been sourced from russia . 
  so what ? 
  you 're getting downvoted but reddit is just salty , lots of sensitive users here that get butthurt anytime something about men vs women is mentioned . 
  russia and ukraine have a similar pattern , and even without statistics ( which happen to say very similar things ) i can tell from personal experience that men do a lot more stupid , reckless shit ( russia 's top export is men doing retarded shit on video ) but also mainly the fact that men drink massively whilst women do not ( 20 % of male deaths are linked to drinking , only 6 % for women ) . 
  same goes for smoking : over 60 % of men smoke , only 22 % of women do . 
  moving on , murders happen to men a lot more often , men tend to be a violent bunch . 
  in the us men commit literally 90 % of all the felonies . 
  [ i can throw sources for days , here is one that cites several of the stats i mentioned . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/8343090/russias-alcohol-and-tobacco-consumption-by-numbers.html ), 
  not necessarily true , i never felt like he was much of a drinker , he seems like the kind of a guy who pretends to drink a lot to get the others drunker , but drinks very little himself . 
  i mean , he 's former kgb , was an agent in east germany -- he was n't just some desk jockey , he had to keep the wits about him . 
  yeltsin died at 76 and he was a boozehound of gargantuan proportions , he was often visibly drunk at official gov ' t events and even diplomatic meetings . 
  fucker will probably live too long , he really loves power in a way that gorbachev or yeltsin would n't even understand . 
  and gorby is 86 right now -- though to be fair , not having to lead a country for several decades probably allows you to age at a more leisure pace . 
  managing a small country can be easier than russia , with our masses of federal subjects . 
  we have all sorts of different polities within our nation , most people do not appreciate how diverse russia is . 
  some of the polities such as the ones in the caucasus region are rather volatile too . 
  it 's not easy managing what amounts to an empire . 
  we 're not a homogenous euro nation and we do n't even have the universal culture that us states share . 
  now , if we were to shed a few territories , it would actually make it easier , but fundamentally we are struck by the resource curse . 
  we did not develop a stable , liberal and democratic government before we got our resources , so it 's quite difficult now . 
  * the economist * likes to use the example of the dutch discoveries of gas in the 1970s as an example of how what should have been an economic boom actually caused inefficiencies so great that it negatively impacted the economy . 
  resource curse can even affect a stable , western democracy . 
  that 's why norway is so amazing , they managed to make their wealth work for them , not against them . 
   printed a headline today stating if turkey goes war on a morning we can take all of the europe in just 3 days . 
  even without considering the history of countries invading russia or the russo-turkish wars up to wwi , how does turkey plan on conquering russia according to that map ? 
  turkey will field a hypothetical war-ready population of 58m based on the willingness to fight ( but not their ability or even age ) and russia will field 85m . 
  given the matchup of the current russian and turkish militaries , a land war between the two does n't favour turkey , especially since the logistics ( caucasus is hard and hostile while ukraine seems to be even more willing to fight and the balkan supply route is longer ) . 
  *** or let me guess , turkey is n't considering russia as `` europe '' ? 
  how generous . 
  how many turks see themselves as a european country would you say ? 
  i know both russia and turkey are technically part of europe , but i 'm curious about the peoples ' perceptions . 
   muslims are not a race also , but people use term `` racist '' when somebody hates them . 
  that 's because people who are bigoted against them frequently display patterns that are racist , rather than simply hating a religion . 
  i do n't like christianity myself and by extension i 'm no friend of the religion of islam , but nobody has ever even remotely described me as an islamophobe because i try to be respectful to members of both unless i feel like they 're less than tolerant , at which cases i dial down my tolerance in retaliation . 
  unlike certain edgy atheists who claim to hate all religions equally but really tear into islam in a racist manner ( aka much of reddit ) i do n't have similar hang-ups about islam . 
  plus , having not been raised around muslims gives me a slightly less jaundiced eye since i 'm more tired of putting up with nasty christians rather than nasty muslims -- most muslims in america try to keep a low profile since 9/11 especially . 
  they 're not used to throwing their weight around like christians in us or poland ( which btw , i really dislike polish catholics and devout russian orthodox people , so yeah ) . 
  guess how many times my bosnian muslim friends have felt they were discriminated in the us ? 
  almost never . 
  however my lebanese friends had different experiences , correlating with how ` arabic ' they look . 
  it would be worse for those who look even more stereotypically `` muslim '' like iraqis or other people from around the gulf . 
  people who are islamophobic basically dislike middle eastern looking people . 
  it 's no surprise that latino or sikh people have been reported to get into many incidents involving so-called `` islamophobes '' . 
  now we kiss : - x, 
  as i 've said in another place in this thread , i 'd love if that could be done . 
  it would make us massively more competitive in the world , it would hasten the development of a single world language and it would be a net benefit for everyone , as language was one of the main ways humans have maintained their tribalism and petty enmity . 
  moreover , the english language is the most versatile language in the world , it is incredibly rich , richer than any other one , it has a thousand ways to express a single thought , it 's purely amazing . 
  my only reservation is that russian has much simpler spelling-phonology divide , which means that as a 5 and 6 year old i was able to read russian adult translations of 19th century american and english authors with no difficulty , whereas it took me several years of learning english before i could read the same authors in english owing to the difficulty of the prose . 
   but the loss of a language is still the loss of an entirely new way of describing and looking at the world . 
  that 's just pretty sounding words . 
  did esperanto somehow improve our world , just because someone invented a novel , if derivative way to look at things and describe them ? 
  do you not believe that if we are to survive this stage of the development of terrestrial civilisation , the end result will be a single , mixed human race speaking a single human language with quite possibly a single planetary government ? 
  do you not find it unlikely that the human race will survive another 500 years of squabbling as technology moves ever faster and we find newer and easier ways to destroy ourselves ? 
  i 'm a russian and i would be delighted if russians spoke english instead . 
  and the entire world too . 
  we 're in a world that 's going to hell in a handbasket , the divisions are keeping us squabbling , killing each other and polluting the earth till we die of asphyxiation , drowning or hunger if we do n't die from each others ' hands first . 
  diversity of language is ranking lower on my list of concerns than the outfit i 'm gon na pick to work tomorrow . 
  you know what sort of a loss of diversity is bothering me more right now ? 
  loss of biodiversity . 
  it 's happening really fast . 
  the fact that we have so many countries that ca n't agree on a single policy is n't doing any good to those animals that are critically endangered either . 
  nobody wants to be the first to stymie their economic growth by cutting all emissions of pollutants and so on . 
  the most violent periods of human history have given us some of the most precious artistic and cultural gifts , not to mention advances of technology in many cases . 
  any historian will tell you this , just look how much china advanced during the warring states period , or europe during black death , or the squabbling italian/greek city-states during the renaissance/greek golden age . 
  however , that does not mean we should encourage more world wars . 
  the world needs more unity , not more diversity . 
  it needs more similarities , not more differences . 
  diversity is not strength , unity is . 
  diversity falls apart the moment the going gets rough , just look at history . 
  when economy goes downhill and the political situation destabilises , people start looking for scapegoats that are different looking or sounding .
