  what happened with the hererro was an uprising brutally quashed , such things are common to all colonies . 
  the french also brutally put down their own internal colonial uprisings with very indiscriminate force . 
  all colonialism was bad , but some were worse than others in their fundamental treatment of the natives . 
  yes , i 've seen it being mentioned before i took those courses , it 's not as forgotten . 
  i 'm not going to say that it 's mentioned because germans did it , but i am sure a part of it being mentioned had to do with that . 
  however , while it was a genocide in the sense that an entire culture was decimated , it is often qualified by coaching it in the language of military necessity . 
  wars often lead to such outcomes wherein one side attempts to dissolve an uprising nation . 
  what sets things like the holocaust or the congolese genocide was the wanton brutality of it . 
  congolese were by large compliant workers on the belgian plantations . 
  jews were by large productive and law-abiding citizens in germany . 
  this is n't to excuse what germany did of course , but death tolls and the causes of the genocide influence its notability . 
  by the standards of the hererro genocide , the british were the most genocidal race in human history by the sheer number of instances of genocide . 
  yet somehow the brits get away with a pretty balmy reputation . 
  you see germany and ussr reprimanded in all corners of the internet or popular culture , but british genocide is seen as somewhat of a joke . 
  not funny . 
  kill a negro and you get a bunch of lighthearted banter . 
  kill white people and suddenly humour is bad taste . 
   russians are largely what 's wrong with russia . 
  specifically their serf-like mentality . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  oh , right , why do i have you tagged as `` said svoboda and azov were n't fascist '' . 
  because you argued that here before , and got downvoted even on this sub . 
  look , i kept telling you that i do n't believe that the ukrainian gov ' t is fascist or any of that putinist rubbish . 
  i know full well that svoboda have hardly any popular support . 
  however , you were n't arguing that , you were literally denying that they were fascist/neo-nazi . 
  anything to whitewash the actions of your countrymen . 
  if you were russian , you 'd be a happy vatnik . 
  nationalism is in itself wonderfully international . 
  a russian nationalist is little different from a ukrainian or an american one . 
  the difference is how the governments of those countries handle nationalists . 
   russians are largely what 's wrong with russia . 
  specifically their serf-like mentality . 
  will quote again . 
  so here 's my problem . 
  ukrainians of these days have a wonderful ` racially aware ' mentality that a lot of / r/europe is poorly familiar with . 
  like , no shit , a lot of ukrainians speak of russians as a different `` asiatic '' race of some sort of people that have some sort of `` racial consciousness '' . 
  fucking bullshit , is what i say , you can go read mein kampf if you want that sort of philosophy supported . 
  you can not speak of people using ` racial consciousness ' ideology . 
  it 's plain goddamn racist . 
  and the funniest part ? 
  ukrainians and russians , we are the same people . 
  i do n't mean this in a vatnik way , no . 
  i was born in chernovtsi , ussr . 
  both of my parents were born in northern moldova . 
  jewish-descendant mother who identified as ukrainian ( our town 's jews were massacred , ones who survived did n't act jewish any more ) and my father more ethnically and linguistically russian . 
  i have lived in moldova , russia and ukraine . 
  russia and ukraine is populated by the exact same people . 
  never once did i feel the people were somehow different . 
  what 's different are geopolitical and economic circumstances . 
  here is where i think my history education is useful . 
  things do n't happen because there is such a thing as ` national character ' , well , not in the sense that you describe it . 
  events happen , they shape nations . 
  russia had particularly lawless 90s with some of the worst post-soviet transition of the soviet republics . 
  a massive difference . 
  a traumatic difference . 
  imagine us breaks apart and becomes poorer than some third world countries . 
  now imagine a new , seemingly effective and strong leader comes in . 
  you get putin . 
  notice how there is a similarity with hitler . 
  i 'm not trying to godwin all over here , but putin and hitler are products of once-powerful nations broken and humiliated . 
  people will hang onto anyone who inflates their nationalistic erection . 
  also , you know , people like jobs and money and living standards , that also helps . 
  ukraine has the exact same people . 
  however , situation a bit different . 
  ukraine was not a global superpower . 
  living standards fell , sure , but the situation is different because it 's not quite as bad of a hit to national pride . 
  in the 90s the concept of national identity in ukraine is still weak . 
  look , i know this firsthand , i attended the chernivtsi gymnasium # 2 in the early 90s . 
  it 's right near the krasnoarmeskiy square , beautiful place , on the golovnoy prospekt . 
  we went over ukrainian history . 
  i went to a school that had russian and ukrainian classes . 
  our history was funny , none of us understood why we were ukrainian and why we were special . 
  i see the schools in the us now as i live in the states and there is a huge difference . 
  nationalism is very well indoctrinated in the us . 
  this is necessary for the creation of a strong and vibrant national identity . 
  the sort that makes people want to improve their nation , and not just steal from it . 
  i 'm not a fan of nationalism , but much like communists seeing capitalism as a necessary stage of development , so i see nationalism as a necessary stage of development . 
  one does not go from nothing into internationalism/globalism , one has to pass through nationalism first . 
  anyhow , i am rambling a lot here , but my point is that ukraine did not have that unifying leader who was perceived to be very effective and who unified people . 
  therefore the democracy in ukraine was allowed to live . 
  had ukraine gotten a lukashenko , ukraine would have been a dictatorship too . 
  that 's why i ca n't stand smug ukrainian pricks like you . 
  russia is shit , but it 's not shit because the russian people are actually at fault here and because russians are some sort of retards who follow leaders slavishly whilst ukrainians are progressive liberal democrats . 
  russians , as all people , are influenced by circumstance . 
  why did ukraine become democratic and belarus not ? 
  ukraine never had a leader who could bring stability like lukashenko . 
  quite literally , and i stress this , ukraine is democratic because of its * incompetence * . 
  now , it 's partially a snide remark aimed at your direction , but also partially a historical commentary . 
  democracy is often incompetent , but it is in the long run more stable . 
  incompetence can be good . 
  too competent of a leader in a fledgling nation often leads to autocrats being born . 
  fighting both is destructive and inefficient . 
  one has to inevitably side with one or the other . 
  in ukraine , it was very simple for many to choose hitler . 
  besides the fact that ukraine suffered tragically under stalin , western ukraine especially already had a penchant for ethnic cleansing , be it cleansing poles or jews - liah or zhid as we said ( i am from chernivtsi , zdorovo miy zemlyak ) in retrospect , slavs would survive pretty well after wwii under the soviet regime . 
  not to say it was n't a brutal regime , but survive people did . 
  same could not be said of hitler 's plans for the slavs , which were well underway and evidenced by his genocide of poles , ukrainians and russians . 
  yes , but stalinism was condemned and practically erased from history . 
  policies of khrushchev or brezhnev were radically different from stalinism . 
  our problem was that we should have educated the people why stalinism was bad .
