  it was extremely hard labour , and depending on your assignment you may be in a place where lot of people die ( think white sea canal for instance ) but to say that all gulags were certain slow and painful death is just uninformed . 
  you know , the jews in germany still went into concentration and death camps without committing suicide , surely that 's a good indication of the human will to live ? 
  by 1944 there were n't many illusions about those places . 
  people did n't know their horror , but they knew people did not come out of those places , not alive . 
  stalin began his resettlement policies long before wwii began , that 's no news . 
  what are you saying ? 
  he was stalin , a brutal dictator . 
  i do n't like dramatic phrases such as ` better dead than not free ' or such . 
  it 's goddamn stupid , even as a little folksy saying without heavy philosophical meaning . 
  if i walked up to a person and put a gun up against their head , 99 % would shit their pants and then proceed to eat that shit if i told them that 's how they were going to survive the encounter . 
  death is not a joke , if you 've seen it ( especially if it was a close family member ) , it 's not pretty and although i am not afraid of death , i am certainly afraid of the process of dying . 
  moreover , i remember my grandparents who lived in briceni talking about their parents and their own grandparents living in moldova . 
  the romanian ethnic majority in their village would lord over them and do as they pleased . 
  they had police that killed young men occasionally and did things that made the local ukrainian/russian minority loathe them very much . 
  in wwii many romanians welcomed fascism . 
  my grandfather remembers how his best friend and his family and all the village jews were massacred at the bathhouse by the romanians . 
  my grandfather was 14 , he watched his best friend get rifle-butted to death whist screaming because his arm was blown off . 
  i 'm sorry if i do n't feel sympathetic about romania 's fate after wwii under communism . 
  it is a wonder my grandparents survived , as my grandmother was jewish , but she did , since she was married to my russian grandfather . 
  ironically , my grandparents were born in a village comprised of german immigrants from the 19th century and most people traced their ancestry back to germany . 
  most were jews of course . 
  tsarist russia may have been ugly , but in the end their native germany killed the village and slaughtered most of the inhabitants . 
  with romanian hands , of course . 
  but under german direction . 
  my great-grandparents who were gentiles did not fare much better . 
  three out of four laid their lives fighting germans . 
  two of them we never got their bodies . 
  one because there was literally not a piece left , the other buried in a mass grave somewhere in belarus . 
  you 're right , that 's why romanians comitted mass suicide when the russians showed up during wwii ... btw , i grew up in briceni , that 's where both of my grandparents are from . 
   still have an uncle in chisinau , he lives on botanica , near the wrata kishinevski . 
  do n't speak much romanian alas . 
  just russian and ukrainian . 
  no , but the point is that i have no reason to be lenient to germans and yet i do n't quite feel that hitler was a ` democratically elected leader ' of germany . 
  the way he came to power was less than democratic . 
  not fully dictatorial either in some sense , but still autocratic enough in my view . 
   yeah . 
  he got a third of the votes . 
  way more than any other party . 
  not even close actually . 
  not sure what you mean , here [ are the 1932 presidential election results ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_presidential_election,_1932 ) . 
  there were two rounds and hindenburg handily crushed hitler in the second round . 
  in the reichstag hitler 's nsdap [ did quite well in that year ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_election,_july_1932 ) . 
  however , weimar republic was not a parliamentary republic . 
  it was a presidential one , or semi-presidential at best . 
  therefore hitler 's takeover of germany through his enabling act was unconstitutional . 
  hitler had a lot of support obviously , and hey , i am russian , i am not about to let germans get off scot free for what they wrought upon us . 
  i do n't subscribe to the popular reddit view of ` german soldiers were just regular guys doing their duty , not political at all ' . 
  there are many indications of the fact that germans were quite pro-war until it began to turn sour in 1943 and especially ' 44 . 
  yes , he certainly had more power - he was n't just a ceremonial figurehead - but at the same time his power was mainly restricted to managing his party , without the executive powers of an actual leader such as the president of the weimar republic . 
  well , he was n't actually elected democratically really . 
  he got a third of the vote , lost to hindenburg and was made the chancellor which in the weimar republic meant roughly as much as the president does in today 's germany ( very little ) . 
  once elected , however , he unconstitutionally usurped his power and basically made himself the self-made ruler of germany . 
  i 've always wondered why the myth of his democratic election is perpetuated , but i too believed in it until i began reading more into that period . 
  lol , i saw you in that other thread , getting downvoted for arguing that it was not impossible for roma children to have blue eyes or blonde hair . 
  i argued for the same and got plenty of upvotes , but the entire thread smelled high to the heavens of racism nonetheless , with plenty of upvotes going to blatant racism as well . 
  even with the recurrent roma prejudice on this sub though , i have to say , i love / r/europe . 
  it feels like a much better and level-headed sub than the defaults - probably because it is smaller , to be fair . 
  sometimes i see people who say ` nigger ' get as many as a thousand upvotes before deleted . 
  ok , now i 'm kinda getting uncomfortable discussing another person here , but as a gay russian myself i read his comments on gays and found him to be tolerable , if not exactly progressive , hah - maybe you speak of another thread , or did he voice his opinion on the gays on several threads ? 
  it was the comments about certain ethnicities which really struck my ire me in the past and i know with certainty that he harbours several prejudices , such as against african immigrants , roma ( who does n't , hah ) and one or two euro ethnicities that i forgot . 
  but he seems to be civil enough here , so i do n't feel particularly inclined to attack him now . 
  fair enough . 
  ok then , my apologies , it was likely some other nationality . 
  but it was * someone * , i 'm sure you know yourself and know that you are prone to saying controversial things . 
  boat people is one of such comments , but you have many more because i notice your posts too much on this sub after that one time i called you out . 
  ok , i really hate to bring this up for the second time in our encounters on this sub , but were n't you the guy who got heavily downvoted for ranting about how shitty hungarians were ? 
  several times you sounded like a guy with certain ethnic prejudices here . 
  not saying it detracts from the overall * point * your post pe se , but i just wish you understood that ethnic prejudice always hurts when it 's on your foot , so it would be nice if you abstained from it . 
  or those times when you expressed your lack of concern for the deaths of the boat migrants , saying explicitly that you did not care about their lives - borders should be locked , period and everything else be their problem . 
  hey , we all hate illegal immigration , but those are human lives , surely at least you could have * pretended * to care about the loss of life ? 
  it seems that you often make racist statements on this sub on many ethnicities and when i went back to find those posts that led me to tag you , i found most were gone . 
  not all though , and some still have the replies to you left there . 
  but this is the second time i confronted you and you know this , probably . 
  keep in mind that those people in the uk against the romanians obtaining those permits may think exactly like you . 
  prejudiced , with some factual basis , but maybe not enough . 
  there is much talk in the uk about the abuse of visas , such as declaring oneself to be self-employed but in effect using that as a way to gain an illegal job . 
  i only wish i had the link to that guardian article that concerned itself with this issue . 
  they have some basis , like i said , but not enough to justify prejudice against an entire ethnic group . 
  in any case , i am not against immigration at all , being a euro expat in the us , but the point is that if you 're prejudiced against vast swathes of people an willing to discriminate heavily against the ` undesirable ' ethnic groups , how can you then have the gall to speak out against the issue of the difficulty of obtaining visas in the uk as a romanian ? 
  they 're doing exactly the same as you would for the ethnicities you do not like . 
  you do n't * hate * to be that guy , 
  right , i meant that we ca n't find her real parents without dna . 
  op is right , you can find redheads and blondes in afghanistan , in xinjang in china , in the levant -- it might surprise you , yes , and kids are frequently light-haired , light-eye-coloured . 
  though yes , the girl in the photo is rather northern-euro looking . 
  not that it 's proof that she is , of course . 
  ca n't really prove anything without dna tests . 
  you ca n't object to jokes about americans on the grounds of them being tasteless if you do n't similarly protest rape/pedo jokes which are faaaaar more tasteless and actually extremely offensive to some . 
  whereas americans are hypocrites if they are offended by american jokes . 
  you ca n't tell me americans never joke about euros ? 
  as long as the joke is accurate , it can be decent . 
  so yea , joke about russian being drunk , not british having bad teeth . 
  i am gay myself ( feel free to check my post history ) and nowhere did i say that russia was good . 
  it 's a really shitty argument you 've got there anyway . 
  just because russia is shitty does n't excuse us . 
  also , fyi nobody i know who is gay in russia got arrested yet -- demonstrators are regularly arrested , but that 's always been so in russia . 
  the law is there to please the conservatives , but it 's not being applied ( yet ) . 
  in any case , this does n't matter - i think russia is a very bad country , much worse than us by far . 
  there is no comparison . 
  but again , just because my country does shameful things does n't mean i can not call out bullshit when i see it . 
  the key here is that i am not being a hypocrite - i am fully prepared to take criticism of my own country .
