  so many in the west paint us as utter racists and i was n't sure myself honestly -- i mean , i do n't see racism around me , but i 've heard some ugly things happen in st petersburg so i ca n't really speak for all of russia . 
  the youth can be pretty vile . 
  i feel that russians were more honest than the people in the uk or the us though . 
  we are n't really taught that racism is bad . 
  we are n't taught about racism at all . 
  it 's just not a russian concept really . 
  you 're just not supposed to be a dick to people , that 's all . 
  but people in the uk and the us are taught from their earliest days - ` shoved down the throat ' is the more accurate word really . 
  racists disgust me but so does the education i 've seen here in the us . 
  it 's like 1984 , only teaching good things . 
  still creepy though . 
  *** anyway , the stats for us are total bullshit because i live here and i know for a fact that at least half the people i know would not live in a neighbourhood that 's half black , even if the blacks were somewhat affluent and not ` ghetto ' . 
  that 's obviously not statistically significant , but people in the us are severely conditioned against racism and would most certainly not express it . 
  a lot of them do not believe that they are racists and yet i see them do or say fairly racist things . 
  see , that 's what i mean . 
  you are taking my tone and somehow suggesting that it is hostile . 
  i swear , it 's almost like you 're either a troll or i am not thinking clearly now . 
  first of all , you still did not explain how my initial post was hostile to romanians . 
  you 're just playing games now . 
  if you 're not , then cut to the chase and stop beating around the bush  i said ` theoretically ' . 
  hypothetically . 
  that was not even a real statement . 
  i was saying that it is nearly impossible to misinterpret my post even for those who hate me . 
  you 're just cherry-picking my quotations out of context instead of actually replying ... 
  unless you care to reveal yourself , just as you assume that i hate romanians , i will assume that you are a troll . 
  how is that even possible ... ? 
  that is literally the opposite of what the post says . 
  even if you theoretically hate me , i still find it difficult to understand how you could come to that conclusion . 
  i called him out on hypocrisy . 
  where do i suggest that romanians are all arseholes ? 
  i 'm scratching my head pretty hard here , hah . 
  i was addressing this to / u/onerichbastard , calling him out on is personal hypocrisy . 
  not sure how you could somehow spin that into a wider anti-romanian attack on my part . 
  if that 's what you were insinuating , that is . 
  because if that 's what you got out of my post , you must have tried your hardest to not read it , heh . 
  res = reddit enhancement suite . 
   if you do n't already have it , it 's a must . 
  i can not tell you how much better it makes reddit for a thousand different reasons , starting with the expandable images in links ( though i also have hoverzoom for chrome , which provides a similar function ) tagging is one of those res features . 
  no , hehe , it 's not a text file . 
  well , not one i keep track of . 
  you can tag someone right on the reddit site and res will remember it . 
  you can colour-code the tags and use whatever words you wish in the tag . 
  related feature is vote-weight , which shows the tally of upvotes and downvotes you give to a particular user . 
  it 's not bias unless you make it such . 
  i only tag when it 's helpful , not revenge-tags . 
  i 'm the only one who sees tags , so it 's only for my good . 
  for instance , i find a guy who stolidly presents devil 's advocates arguments despite the downvotes . 
  i tag him . 
  or a guy i see consistently posting good logical stuff . 
  conversely , i tag all people who are racist or xenophobic . 
  they 're warnings . 
  i see those people try to play a different tune in other threads all the time . 
  tags help get past those deceptions . 
  and of course , you can also tag famous redditors . 
  like that famous sister-panty-sniffing qedomelets or something like that . 
  he 's a funny guy . 
  or warphalange , who faked cancer to prove that reddit was full of shit . 
  everyone seems to hate him , but there is a minority that understand what he did , like me . 
  ah , ok , well , that 's what i was wondering about . 
  you sound rather defensive to me in regards to romanians , so i took it as if you took my post as hostile to the romanians . 
  that 's a pretty good source , yes . 
  i was actually more concerned with the differing laws rather than intentionally skewing the stats . 
  some countries have looser laws than others . 
  in either case , like i said , i see no reason to dismiss the uk stats on crime because there is no reason why the uk police would single out the romanians when there are so many other immigrants in the uk , a good number of them vastly different from the native brits . 
  and like you just said , the poles get the most flack . 
  so i 'm not sure why you seemed to have been implying that the romanians are singled out ... 
  do n't worry , i will tag you as ` loves tags ! ', 
  i know , the stats i myself presented said the same , not sure why you are pointing out what i already pointed out ... poland led the numbers , yes . 
  poland also happened to be the largest euro immigrant group in britain ... that 's like stating the homicide figures of poland vs switzerland . 
  poland has more people , so it will always ` win ' . 
  now that you mentioned it though , people in the uk complain about the poles too . 
  i do not understand why you treat me like some sort of a libellous anti-romanian though . 
  i just said i liked romanians . 
  i lived among them . 
  my grandparents live in a romanian country ( well , moldovans in their parts identify themselves as romanians ) . 
  you 're seemingly acting as if i am over-exaggerating romanian crime to somehow pursue my supposed animosity towards them . 
  i 'm not trying to paint romanians in a negative light here , but merely trying to point out why the statement of ` romanians never commit any crime ' is absurd . 
  the statement which i did not call out until someone else did . 
  **** i do n't know either , but crime rates within the ` home nation ' are subject to many local laws and idiosyncrasies . 
  in other words , they are not a ` control ' sample . 
  each country has their own differing laws and different methods of reporting crime . 
  if you 're arguing that uk is very xenophobic in the arrests it makes , it would naturally make sense that other immigrants would be arrested too , but for some reason romanians got arrested quite a lot in comparison to other immigrants . 
  arguably the romanians have an advantage over people with darker skin and people of the muslim faith since racism and xenophobia is usually more intense against those cultures , seeing as how they are more alien in their appearances as well as creeds . 
  right , but we are speaking of immigrants . 
  i do n't know how internal crime rates are reported country by country and frankly speaking i do n't really care because for the purposes of this discussion we are analysing how various immigrants behave themselves in the eurozone . 
  that the us has a high crime rate does not surprise me though . 
  i live here and the rate of homicides here is insane . 
  i 'm not even concerned with his views on the romas . 
  so many euros bash them that i do not even bother trying to call people out on the anti-roma sentiments . 
  and even if i disagree with roma-bashing on principle , i can totally see where they are coming from , because roma do have pretty high crime rates . 
  however , much like the blacks in the states where i now live , this issue can often resemble a loop . 
  *** yeah , the ` no violent romanian crime ' was totally out of his arse but i do n't mind that either because that particular statement was so inaccurate that i did not even assume he was stating it as an accurate fact . 
  it was one of those ` this statement was not intended to be factual ' fubars that i have seen on some us republican statements . 
  here is a fun quote for romanian crime from the uk : * responding to a freedom of information request , the met police revealed that romanians are second only to polish migrants for arrests since 2008 . 
  * another interesting tidbit is that * the figure is particularly shocking given that just 68,000 romanians reside in the country at present . 
  poland - the only country to top romania on the list - by contrast has over half a million ( 546,000 ) citizens living in the uk , while there were 35,000 arrests made of polish nationals . 
  * *** now , like i said , i have no problem with romanians since i lived in moldova and travelled to romania ( both are pretty decent people , romanians better than moldova of course ) but the stats still show that romanians are n't exactly ` pure ' . 
  the tag is just a reminder for me of what sort of an argument i can expect from a user . 
  i tag all redditors with whom i argue to indicate their viewpoints . 
  good or bad .
