  ussr was a pariah state before 1940s . 
  everyone in the west hated . 
  the west already showed its willingness during the russian civil war to intervene and invade russia . 
  the west has invaded russia before , in the crimean war when the west thought russia was too powerful ( in relation to turkey ) and its power had to be checked . 
  stalin was as paranoid as motherfuckers come , so yeah , he made those tanks to ` defend ' himself most likely . 
  it 's very common for totalitarian dictatorships to put a lot of focus into the army , whether or not they plan to invade other nations . 
  good point , there needs to be some sort of regulation eu-wide for setting the prices of the eu passports . 
  and some sort of a two-tier passport , one allowing residency for foreigners to reside in a single eu country and another for all the eu . 
  just for the foreigners maybe ? 
  germany is doing really well , it 's natural to compare everyone to or against germany . 
  it 's like pro/anti us in many countries historically . 
  us was ( and is to a large extent ) doing pretty well , so it 's a very valid discussion of whether to go pro/anti us . 
  i do n't get the issue of being able to buy citizenship , every country has that process generally speaking . 
  i worked with immigration law firms in the us , if you can invest 500,000 usd or if you can create a reasonably successful business that gainfully employs at least several people , you can get us permanent residency , and after that obtaining citizenship is very easy , it 's just as simple as having ` good moral character ' ( no moral turpitude , no criminal record ) and a brief residence in the us . 
  if you have a million usd , the process becomes even easier . 
  the more money you give , the easier and faster the process becomes . 
  but it 's always a guaranteed process if your criminal record is relatively free of stains . 
  meaning that unlike the uncertainty of applying for an asylum in the states or trying to get an h1-b , it 's really simple to get in if you have money . 
  any place is good when you have money , any country will take you in . 
  would you rather have uneducated , poor asylum seekers flooding your country or rich people ? 
  what about it ? 
  [ how they lied by omission that an rpg-29 managed to shoot right through the damned * frontal glacis plate * ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1551418/mod-kept-failure-of-best-tank-quiet.html ) literally the one place where a tank should not be vulnerable to something as cheap and disposable as a handheld rpg . 
  the tandem warhead burned through the era and the chobham armour . 
  the tank got lucky because no tank vitals were hit , though same could not be said of the crew , who did n't fare so well . 
  rpg-29s are also responsible for a few m1 abrams casualties . 
  americans wisely forbade the iraqi army from buying these weapons too , afraid that someone would steal them . 
  well , isis proved america right , now isis is pilfering iraqi army stocks , already the iraqis lost quite a few abrams tanks , though not the depleted uranium armour ones . 
  oh , sure , the tank survived '70 rpgs ' once . 
  yeah , 70 antiquated rpg-7s that are from a whole another era , that 's like saying that a t-34 survived 70 mk iv hits , an mk iv is a wwi tank and a t-34 was a late prewar design , put into production on the cusp of wwii . 
  this list is worthless , it does n't mention anything of value , just dick measuring . 
  merkava series is the only tank that was tested in actually crucial engagements , the m1 abrams also had some extensive combat experience , but the superiority of the americans was such in iraq that even an m60 would do well in tank vs tank engagements . 
  of course , m60 would be more vulnerable to antiquated rpg-7s at the same time ... 
  it would be interesting to see how tanks perform in an all out war , but chances are , none too well . 
  when something as cheap as an rpg-2x or rpg-3x can burn through any western tank armour from any direction and defeat the era , you 've got a problem . 
  and at longer ranges , kornets will easily take them out as well . 
  western troops can likewise smoke the russian tank fleets , although to be fair , despite the derisive ` russian tanks not sophisticated hurr durr russians dumb peeple ' , some of the t-90s may be outfitted with [ arena active protection ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arena_ ( countermeasure ) ) , which is related to the active protection systems used in the merkava tanks ( israelis borrowed the concept from the soviets ) . 
  problem is of course , the russians do n't have enough money to outfit all the t-90s with arena . 
  nor do we have enough money to make more t-90s . 
  well , not unless we convert our economy to a war economy , but the west can easily beat us there anyway . 
  again , pointless dick waving . 
  ooops , typo , meant to say 20 ... 
  that 's what i 'd say about putin supposedly killing nemtsov , but i have n't heard many ukrainians who deny that putin had a hand in nemtsov 's death . 
  i do n't know much myself , the current ua deaths are power struggles , sure , the question is who is ordering them and who is ` encouraging ' the suicides . 
  got ta play both sides of the conflict , mate ... china has no desire to lose on the russian or the western trade . 
  so it will take the middle position . 
  it 's also not exactly eager to root for the ` self-determination ' concept either , but i 'm sure they have two types of statements they make : international and domestic . 
  well , anyone who has to lead russia is doubtfully going to be a pious muslim . 
  kadyrov is a mobster + + + extra though , you 're right . 
  not just fox , hah . 
  i 'm really hoping russia gets a sunni muslim leader that 's also friendly to iran . 
  would be good for our middle east relations , 
  forgot about that ... good point . 
  if he does n't attend that , it 's something serious . 
  hopefully he dies ... and hopefully we get more than just another oligarch puppet . 
  unlikely though . 
  putin built his own circle of oligarchs . 
  putin was put into power by oligarchs , he just managed to outplay them . 
  ukraine is in deep shit now maybe , but at least i can say that in 0 yrs ukraine will be a lot better off . 
  who knows . 
  hmm , interesting hypothesis . 
  but you see , i thought he was using donbass to stop people from talking about krim and it worked ... 
  but then he did n't stop his shit at donbass , so now i 'm not sure anymore . 
  i thought donbass was a diversion , but instead we got what we have now : s i think we 've long stopped being able to predict putin . 
  which is part of what makes him so dangerous . 
  he takes nixon 's philosophy to heart , really . 
  i would n't mind it either , i think it would be nice to get some diversity and muslims rustle a lot of westerners jimmies , that 's really funny ... of course , i want a good leader too and kadyrov is more hardline than putin , so no thanks . 
  would be interested to see :p, 
  of course , i knew you 'd rush to frantically yelling ` whataboutism ' . 
  you can not say anything as a russian without incurring that word . 
  let me tell ya something mate . 
  things do n't happen in a vacuum internationally . 
  what is done by some nations serves as an example for other nations . 
  for instance , even baddies like hitler and mussolini were genuinely afraid of an international outcry over their expansionism , so they waited until japan carefully incurred on manchukuo step by step to realise their own imperialism . 
  likewise putin plays a game of getting away with stuff he sees others getting away with . 
  if the world was much harsher in condemning agressors , he would n't do what he did . 
  i am not ` whataboutisming ' , think for a moment before you spew duckspeak . 
  that 's what whataboutism is . 
  duckspeak . 
  thought terminating cliche . 
  get out of an argument free card . 
  i am not defending putin , i am not saying what he does is right , i am not trying to deflect criticism . 
  there is no whataboutism here , i am not bringing up ` us lynching negroes ' in response to a discussion of soviet cars . 
  putin is a bastard guilty of all charges . 
  what i am saying is that international attitudes and law work solely on precedents . 
  there is no central justice system and a policeman . 
  the enforcement of rules is done by the community . 
  if everyone in the community steals , it is difficult to enforce the law . 
  if the world had a centralised and definite policeman , this would be different . 
  cops arrest anyone breaking the law regardless of the excuse `` she did it too '' . 
  however , in a community system it is far easier to get away with things if others do it as well . 
  us does n't have to stoop so low for allies because it is in a better position now . 
  however , when us was more desperate , it was less choosy ( cold war ) . 
  honestly ? 
  not at all . 
  sure , putin is bad , but this alliance ? 
  please . 
  geopolitical interests have always overridden morality . 
  if dprk was against russia and also offer us space for bases ( and provided there was no rok ) , us would be allying with it , regardless of the internal situation of dprk . 
  nations with aspirations of power quickly learn to eschew morality when pragmatism overrides it .
