  all the same , this war is oft-overlooked by westerns who know nothing of it , especially because it does n't fit in the ` poor oppressed and humble poland always attacked by the russian baddies ' narrative . 
  why do i get the feeling that i am talking with a person who never read much about any of this ? 
  interesting , i wonder which version is true , but this one makes the most sense . 
  essentially yes , that 's what it boils down to . 
  the agreement was indeed officially nullified by russia first , as i checked after you pointed out , because russia wants its money back ( it is demanding it now ) . 
  but the opposition made all indications that it would not honour deals that yanukovich made with putin , whilst simultaneously inviting nato in , so it is n't hard to see why putin did n't feel that his base was secure . 
  if putin could have a guarantee of a lease in perpetuity of the sevastopol base , he would have never invaded crimea , the land itself is worthless to russia , only the base is . 
  as for the second part , good call , that is indeed ridiculous , i was under the impression $ 500 was on the higher end of the spectrum for euro prices , but not an impossibly high price . 
  if that is indeed higher than any eu price , then yes , putin is back to gas-cajolery again , i stand corrected :p, 
  funny that you mention that quote actually ... 
  i took two courses in modern chinese history as a part of my history major , i had a very interesting professor who lived quite a long time in china as a westerner . 
  he mentioned this little anecdote too . 
  however , he actually explained it in the context of some of the parts world history being ` dangerous territory ' to the chinese , meaning that there are some historical events which the prc party ideologues are still debating over . 
  back in the ussr we had similar problems , some historical periods were considered ` difficult ' and it was of prime importance not to go rushing into them and letting loose phrases which may hurt you politically . 
  the chinese interpretation of the french revolution was n't quite settled yet , at least at the time of the statement , hence the explanation by my former professor . 
  seeing how he was harvard educated , spoke/read/wrote mandarin fluently and uighur almost fluently as well , with some knowledge of cantonese -- well , in short , i am included to trust him more with that assessment . 
  :p makes sense too , you should probably know the soviet history just as well as i do . 
  mostly agreed , but it is still in action nonetheless . 
  i can guarantee you , us will not abide by foreign military bases in mexico , cuba or canada . 
  hell , it will even try its best to stop bases in south america . 
  and at least the first part i perfectly understand . 
  i know the euros in this sub do n't like buffer zones due to very painful history of europe with such things , but us will always want a buffer zone for as long as it is strong , and this fact will never change , only the countries that demand them do . 
  similarly , russia wants a buffer zone too . 
  except that russia even has more reasons , since russia is easy to invade ( relative to the us , logistically speaking ) . 
  us has the world 's most powerful navy that is more powerful comparatively than what uk had in the height of its naval power . 
  even if someone lands troops in mexico , invading us wo n't work due to logistics of supplying and reinforcing them through us navy-infested waters . 
  in the end though , buffer zones suck for those caught in them and not wishing to stay in them . 
  but geopolitics tends to overlook the interest of the small fishes in favour of the big fishes . 
  ca n't change that . 
   he 's acting like russia somehow has the high ground . 
  you 're all over this thread , replying to all my posts , and yet you must be hard of eyesight ( or more likely you do n't bother to read my posts ) if you missed out the parts where i said that russia 's actions were shit and totally unethical . 
  there is no argument about that , i 'm not some brainwashed russki who feeds off rt , as much as you may have painted that image in your head . 
  russia does n't have any high ground . 
  low ground , if anything . 
  however , nor does the us at all , really . 
  only eu can claim high ground , most of their nations have been quite well-behaved in the past several decades , i can not accuse them of hypocrisy when they point out the flaws in russian reasoning , because the eu nations have been mostly very law-abiding internationally . 
  i am happy to see that the eu mostly maintains its moral high ground , it is refreshing to observe it in comparison to the utter lawlessness of the ` if it suits me , it is right ' reasoning that characterises us actions . 
  **** you know the funny thing ? 
  being on this sub made it very easy for me to spot americans . 
  they typically have terrible arguments and blindly overlook all of their own faults whilst being the loudest in condemning russia . 
  sure it 's a damned generalisation , but it is very much true on this thread . 
  i bet you 're an american -- or at least live there -- yes ? 
  i 'll give you some advice : stay out of euro politics until you at least read a few books instead of spouting / r/worldnews-type arguments . 
  i like arguing with a lot of euro posters here , they provide valid and logical criticism of russia . 
  a lot of times they bring up good points which i note in here . 
  but you ? 
  you 're just a yapping dog and i am getting tired of it . 
  russia does n't wish the project power into nato , it just does n't want its military on its borders . 
  you think the us wants the russian military on the mexican border ? 
  you think russia will tolerate what us does n't ? 
  even with the lopsided power equilibrium , russia will still try to at the very least not end up with nato bases on its borders . 
  whether you think that is warranted or not is irrelevant , * russia * thinks it is warranted for russia to demand no nato bases on its borders . 
  there is no ` you must be this tall to get your buffer zone ' thing . 
  if you got the balls and the men and the military hardware , plus an effective foreign policy , you can and will try to project your power . 
  go tell putin now that ` russian military pales in comparison to nato ' the next time he visits crimea , now an oblast of the russian federation . 
  it does n't matter . 
  russian army could be armed with muskets , but if that gets the job done , it wo n't matter . 
  the eu may be more powerful economically and militarily ( when combined ) compared to either us ( by a slight edge ) and to russia ( by a large edge ) , but it is a disunited mess that does not and seemingly can not effectively project its unified power in foreign policy . 
  it either gets led on by the us or dithers with russia . 
  where is that eu foreign power that you speak of in ukraine these past weeks ? 
  did it do any good in georgia in ' 08 ? 
  did it ever solve any post-soviet frozen conflicts ? 
  when has it done something significant there ? 
  russia just strolled in and took a chunk of its land pretty much unopposed , this stuff has n't happened since wwii . 
  i love how this sub goes between the extremes of ` omg russia big bad baddy #sogladnatoprotectsme ' to ` hahaha , russia so weak it can not do shit toplel ' . 
  so which one is it , then ? 
  you can laugh all you want , but russia still has a massive number of icbms , the delivery systems to launch them and the space program to coordinate it all . 
  for as long as the icbms are there , russia is still a primary player in the multipolar world . 
  us , russia and china are the three primary nations with a significant amount of icbms . 
  israel has quite a few . 
  uk and france still have a handful left over . 
  but only us and russia have submarine-launched icbms and russia also has mobile icbms , not just silo-based ones . 
  you 're welcome to laugh all you want , but at the end of the day , no foreign policy maker dismisses nations with such weaponry . 
  pretty much , yup . 
  it is n't comparable , but in any ` us vs russia ' discussion it is inevitable that both will be brought up . 
  yep , pretty much . 
  russia joining eu is something that could maybe happen in 100 years , hah , if ever . 
  no , us just goes around invading countries and killing far more . 
  also , us did plenty of its land-grabbing and also ethnic cleansing of the natives , something which russia never did ( in fact , they were n't even forced to assimilate ) . 
  but that 's besides the point , arguing pre-20th century history is silly , both nations have heaps of dirt . 
  russia has a lot of energy reserves , a large landmass and still a more capable military than china , although that is quickly changing . 
  that 's not the point though , i do n't care what you think of russia 's power rating and personally , i do n't care either , i am not about to measure dicks , knowing full well that ours is n't exactly up right now . 
  but the point is that russia is still a power . 
  eu is n't unified enough to create the foreign policy impact it deserves . 
  us and russia and china are the three primary players in this multipolar world . 
  of course , us is the most powerful by far , china and russia do n't compare . 
  china is also far too dependent on the us to risk conflict with it . 
  and russia just is n't growing like china is , so its power will only recede in the coming years . 
  but russia still feels that it should have a buffer zone , you can not get around that point and tell it that it can not have it when russia still has the military force to demand it . 
   you act so much like russia is entitled to control neighboring countries not really . 
  but russia does sorta expect nato not to swallow all the countries on its borders . 
  i said ` buffer zone ' not ` vassals ' . 
  tsk tsk , kvint is in tiraspol ' , should n't advertise the drink of your adversary :p believe it or not , i am a russian-ukrainian in his early to mid twenties and i have never had a drop of alcohol in my life  not religious at all , just never wanted to try it . 
  on the other hand , i remember going to an absolutely amazing restaurant called ` la taifas ' that i should visit again , the prices were quite high there for eastern europe , but hard to find better moldovan food anywhere else , 
   russia always had good relations with most european countries . 
  lol  only megalomaniacs like napoleon , bismarck or hitler came up with the insane idea of attacking russia lol **** sorry , i am a history major , this would cause my russian history prof to have an apoplexy . 
  for reference , i am studying in the states . 
  that 's just not true , on so many levels that you would literally have to read the entire history since 17th century to see why it is not . 
  or shoot , go to / r/askhistorians . 
  look , i mean no offense , i appreciate your good will , but that is simply not how it is .
