  you do n't read comments , you ca n't argue in nuance and you compartmentalised opposing viewpoints as ` propaganda shills ' like a classic troll or just a shitty commenter does . 
  i too can play the game , errybody who disagrees with me must be a propaganda shill !, 
  wow , so much time saved debating . 
  oh , and i always post long comments . 
  regardless of the topic , it 's a personal style , not propaganda . 
  you can view my posting history with www.redditinvestigator.com . 
  maybe others can laugh at what a nut you are ... 
   at the early stage both ideologies were quite fond of each other . 
  after all other name for nazism is `` national socialism '' . 
  there is a lot of / r/badhistory material in this , / r/askhistorians actually had a really good thread lately on what the ` socializmus ' meant in the nsdap . 
  i can assure you , hitler hated communism from the very start and communists hated him . 
   one based his hatred on race prejudice the other one on political bias and nationality . 
  one created the notion and the practise of industrialised mass murder , he propagated an ideology which promoted the extermination of the majority of european people for being racial inferiors , the plans that were already in motion were already killing every man , woman , old person and child of certain ethnicities regardless of their views or resistance to the state . 
  it is horrifying to think that there was no escape , you could not act like a good citizen and survive . 
  this is why any serious historian never puts stalin and hitler in the same place . 
  i agree that both are bad and i do n't really think we should give anyone less slack , but ussr vs nazi germany is a big difference from stalin vs hitler . 
  ussr after stalin was still an improvement over the tsarist empire . 
  nazi germany was an evil beyond belief . 
  ussr vs nazi germany does n't work as well as stalin vs hitler . 
   but what about stalin order to resettle whole finish population on siberia ? 
  i 'm not sure what you want me to say , it 's bad , sure , but you realise the absurdity of what you just said ? 
  hitler planned to kill all finns , they were asiatic mongrel to him . 
  there goes your comparison . 
  both bad , one clearly worse . 
   and what about hormodor ? 
  how is it any different from genocide against jews ? 
  or crimean tatars ? 
  why do you think in this `` forever russian '' land tatars are minority although they lived there for ages ? 
  holodomor was a very dark chapter , but it 's very similar to the famines in china during the great leap forward or the irish famine of 1845 . 
  as such , it is not usually considered the same as the holocaust of the jews and slavs . 
  stalin planned to subjugate ukraine , not murder all . 
  still , the deaths of the ukrainians are inexcusable . 
  i was born in chernivtsi , one of my parents was ukrainian and i am well familiar with holodomor . 
  at the same time i also know that my grandparents remember it , and they said it began with typhoid epidemic coinciding with a bad harvest . 
  collectivisation exacerbated this and so did stalin 's refusal to help , instead he continued exporting grain to get his money for industrialisation . 
  scholarly consensus here is mixed , there are clear elements of both genocide but also classic subjugation through starvation as well . 
  either way , it 's really bad . 
  it 's just a bit different from the holocaust . 
   or crimean tatars ? 
  why do you think in this `` forever russian '' land tatars are minority although they lived there for ages ? 
  a very topical point to bring up , but this is really stretching it however , tatars too were invaders who looted and raped ukraine and rus for a long time . 
  now you 're entering the territory of very long-running historical grievances , it 's a really muddled discussion . 
  it 's bad that putin and stalin are at odds with them , of course . 
  but if you think it 's a racial thing , then why do tatars in russia support putin the most ? 
   i could even bring more examples but let me just finish saying that stalin is actually responsible for more deaths than hitler . 
  depends on how you count it , and also if you forget the fact that stalin ruled more people for a much longer period , like far longer . 
  also , during peacetime when he had the full leisure of his murder . 
  murder metrics are kinda pointless here , mao killed far more than stalin and hitler put together , but i really would n't put mao as worse than hitler and neither do most serious historians . 
   your long posts are full of subtle untruths about history . 
  they reflect a different viewpoint from that of yours perhaps , maybe influenced by the country of education perhaps . 
  i take it you have a ba in history as well ? 
  what country ? 
   you just enter 10 in each so people do n't bother addressing them . 
  i recognize this as a propaganda technique where you would readily concede one point when someone goes through the trouble of conclusively addressing it in your next overly long post / r/conspiratard . 
  what 's my propaganda point then , eh ? 
  you 've got a very wonky propaganda detection sense , what am i propagandising for ? 
  for instance , one of my favourite non-russia issues to discuss here is the eu . 
  i am a big proponent of the federalisation , greater unification and eventual expansion of the eu . 
  as someone who loves history , eu represents a truly magical community that was inconceivable in the 1950s . 
  it is a major step towards progress . 
  i think eu should continue centralising , make another , more effective lisbon treaty , work for tighter integration and eventually plan ahead for the integration of nations like serbia , ukraine , maybe even someday belarus , then finally russia ( in a 100yrs time maybe ? ) . 
  or maybe not russia , maybe us russians will remain backwards and on the wrong side of history ... 
  i 'm not an optimist . 
  what 's my point then ? 
  who am i being paid for , what 's your shill detector saying now ? 
  clearly stronger eu is a putinist plot to turn eu into a eussr !!!!, 
  / ssssss, 
  what am i supposed to say , oh vessel of cogent , rational and beautiful writing ? 
  ask me a question , i will address it . 
  what else should i say ? 
  i 've stated all the facts . 
  you can make up whatever bullshit you like to believe in , but it is a plain fact that there was no comparison between nazi germany and ussr in terms of the fate of the people that the two nations conquered . 
  i say this as a fact of history , not as an endorsement of the ussr . 
  i do n't endorse ussr . 
  it is an illiberal institution that forced people to do things or be a part of things they did not wish . 
  i am not a putinist propagandist , i 'd make a pretty shitty one considering my views on the eu , i am only a person who cares a lot about history , which is why i often make posts regarding history in / r/europe . 
   ut just inserting a lot of casual low intensity attacks against the victims of communism for the victims of communism , i have deep regret and much sorrow . 
  it pains me a lot to know that my country inflicted so much evil , especially in the baltics . 
  very sad situation . 
  ussr was supposed to be more or less willing union of more or else like-minded nations . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  but at least most other soviet republics were with the idea , as evidenced by the last referendums on the continuing constitution of ussr ( which georgia voted against , along with baltic nations - georgia mainly because of a massacre that happened not too long before the vote ) . 
  the baltic countries were a naked display of imperialism and an extremely forced addition to the ussr . 
  there was arguably no real support for ussr in those territories and they should have never been a part of it . 
  i do not however count those who collaborated with the nazis and killed jews as ` victims of communism ' , so do n't mix that up . 
   your long posts are just a delivery vessel for these countless little jabs and half-truths/lies each as insignificant as not deserving an answer on their own . 
  your short posts do n't bother reading any qualifications in my post and twist or outright lie about every position of mine . 
  i do n't like to write short posts on complicated subjects because no opinion that is short is worth anything on a subject like this . 
  brevity is idiocy in history , not wit . 
  to be brief is to ignore the nuance of history . 
  yes , i never blame ukrainians or latvians for fighting for germany , i study history after all , it 's like that every time . 
  nothing wrong with trying to liberate your own country . 
  the important thing is to know in retrospect which choice was worse or better and how the genocide played into all that . 
  i * really * really hate to call ussr the ` better ' choice for balts because i do n't believe that at all , it 's just frankly horrifying the atrocities that we perpetrated onto the balts , i feel terrible about it . 
  however , now in 2015 we can see which side would have created a worse existence . 
  it should n't be difficult to extrapolate that ussr was the lesser evil . 
  i feel that putin will be a wrong choice for russia and the more time will pass , the more apparent it will be . 
  however , there are many reasons as to * why putin is successful now * that explain in rational , logical terms why some russian people support him . 
  same goes for the baltics in the 1940s . 
  less clear then , more clear now .
