  nobody forces you to use a prostitute . 
  on the other hand , prostitutes are often trafficked and/or have not many other choices . 
  it is the prostitute we should feel sorry for , not the horny ( mostly ) men who wan na fuck one . 
  poor men , forced into fucking a hooker , the plight of not being able to pick up a bar skank , forced into deprivation of using a call girl . 
  now , i disagree with the norwegian/swedish approach , but i do n't think it is ` the most stupid one ' . 
  i think the one practised in russia and the rest of eastern europe is worse , going after prostitutes . 
  prostitutes wo n't stop prostituting if they are arrested . 
  they 're already living a life of crime . 
  on the other hand , johns , the men who come to prostitutes , well , they may be deterred if they knew there were police looking out for them . 
  it 's quite embarrassing for them to be caught . 
  lol mate , been to college ? 
  i can whip up a fearsome thesis in one day , 25 + pages long . 
  stuff done in the last moment . 
  at least my writing is fairly substantive . 
  this is rubbish . 
  rubbish can be whipped up in a matter of a month , then another month to edit . 
  nothing is surprising here . 
  well , you 'd be surprised , usually whenever i try to point this out on this sub , everyone screams whataboutism . 
  i 'm very surprised that my post was so well received here , usually stuff like this gets downvoted . 
  err , you have n't been to a us book store during the election season , have ya ? 
  there are books about a brand new political persona a week later . 
  and of course they are coming out with a set narrative . 
  it 's propaganda , it 's politics . 
  or are you too young to remember all those books that came out after the invasion of iraq justifying it too , mere weeks later ? 
  i do n't care if you say i am engaging in whataboutism , * but this is how it is done everywhere * . 
  nolan chart and its test is useless , its creator was a libertarian i believe and the test basically tells most of its takers that they 're libertarian . 
  great propaganda tool . 
  the party of all cake and no plan to get it . 
  the party that sounds the best but is the hardest to base concrete government policy on ( without massive failure ) . 
  oh do n't create a pity party of the oppressed , one of the mods there does nothing but spam pro-ukrainian links . 
  mods there go both ways . 
  so what ? 
  i like the sub , it 's objective in that you have the blowhard russian nationalists on one side and the constipated ukrainian hohols on the other :p, 
  meh , pew is a us-based organisation , even with a margin of error , 88 % to 4 % is pretty solid . 
  it 's absurd to claim that ` russian troops ' somehow caused that vote to go as it did . 
  i never understood that . 
  voting is secret , and nobody will shoot or threaten you if you vote against even if they knew , anyway . 
  they could have simply stuffed ballots , sure , but ` russian troops ' make no sense . 
  really ? 
  nato embargoed them ? 
  interesting . 
  that 's fair i suppose . 
   so comparing turkey to russia in this conflict would be very wrong . 
  they are very different . 
  so you say . 
  ask a russian , most feel different . 
  turkey killed or wounded nearly 10,000 . 
  no casualties came to be of actual russian vs ukrainian combat in crimea , only three men dead of various reasons . 
  crimea was russian until a ukrainian soviet premier gave it to ukraine . 
  ukraine chose to get rid of its soviet legacy in 1991 , but of course , it wanted crimea . 
  [ a pew poll ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/ ) after the referendum to join russia found that 88 % crimeans supported the notion that kiev should accept it and only 4 % were against , saying kiev should not accept the referendum . 
  clearly a vast majority agreed with what happened . 
  since ukraine was n't even going to let the people decide as people in kosovo in 2008 decided unilaterally , it could be said that it would never happened if not for russia . 
  of course , the poll also noted that most of eastern ukrainians still want to be a part of ukraine , and i 'm fine with that . 
  it 's ukrainian territory . 
  but crimea was russian . 
  if a russian premier took away ukrainian territory in 1954 , i bet ukraine would ask for it back in 1991 . 
  russia was weak then , it could n't say much . 
  now things changed a little . 
  **** i 'm not saying takeover of crimea was right . 
  however , i am saying that i disagree that comparing the two does n't work . 
  i think it works very well , in fact , i think what russia did was much better , no ? 
  riiight , like the nato would ever give it to ukraine ... first of all , they wo n't know how to operate it . 
  secondly , russia just got done seizing a bunch of ukrainian weapons , that 's like letting your friend borrow your bike knowing he lives in the ghetto and someone else will steal the bike . 
  secondly , money . 
  i doubt any of the nato members will want to pay for this , even when pooling money . 
  but if they do pay for it , they will never give it away . 
  what 's the point of giving it to ukraine ? 
  it 's retarded , ukraine has no navy by this point , what will cover this ship ? 
   america does of course . 
  lol , if america buys this ship , putin should just keep making orders and have us buy them up just to bankrupt the us . 
  well , of course , us wo n't ` bankrupt ' , that 's not how the us gov ' t works , but it will be quite amusing nonetheless :p, 
  just wondering , how many nations embargoed or sanctioned turkey and how was it carried out , when turkey invaded northern cyprus with nearly 10,000 dead , missing or wounded on the greek cypriot side ... and i am honestly asking , not just being snarky , because i have no idea what sanctions turkey faced . 
  i do n't see anything on wiki though . 
  did they continue receiving arms from the west ? 
  i 'm not sure why you 'd use such a harsh word , even if his language was n't polite , because he is n't exactly wrong . 
  just because they were made in poland does n't mean russia does n't know how to build them , i mean , they were build for the soviet navy and back in the 70s the warsaw pact existed , with a tight-knit cooperation . 
  russia has all the plans to build them , they just need shipyards and the workers to do it , which russia does have . 
  the problem is that the cost of restarting production of those is probably high . 
  russia probably saw the purchase from france as both convenient and expedient time-wise . 
  that is n't to say that russia could n't build them if it absolutely had to . 
  tough words coming from a nation so weak now ... territorial disputes are a bitch , imagine if russia harboured such deep resentment for having lost crimea ? 
  oh well , i suppose it would n't make much difference in the end , but all the same , ukraine got to enjoy crimea for a bit , now it 's over . 
  putin is a bastard , i 'm sure we can agree on this , and he 's a terrible , terrible monster that should be put down asap , but all the same , i ca n't say i am sorry to see crimea back in the russian fold . 
  [ apparently crimeans agree with me , rather overwhelmingly too , according to a comprehensive , us-based pew poll ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/ ) . 
  poll shows that most ukrainians , even in the east , want to continue being part of ukraine , but an overwhelming 88 % of crimeans say that kiev should recognise the referendum ( which was bullshit , but i still think the majority voted for union with russia ) compared with only 4 % who replied ` no ' . 
  given that crimeans support what happened and that ukraine would have denied any pathway for crimea to split away , i do n't see why ukrainians should be so angry , other than understandable nationalistic regret at having lost territory . 
  however , if the crimeans support the current status , then attempting to change it will run counter to their wishes , which would make ukraine the ` bad guy ' . 
   did russia pay for that crimea ? 
  no :p but neither did ukraine pay for crimea in '54 -- and by a ukrainian premier . 
  moreover , for a country so eager to erase its soviet legacy , ukraine sure did like getting crimea , however symbolic it was ... 
  i think crimea should be russian , but alas , there was no legal way to do it . 
  now putin did it illegally , come what may . 
  i always thought his strategy in the east of ukraine was to escalate it as much as possible until in the end he swoops in like a generous peacekeeper . 
  after ukraine and the west shat their pants over eastern ukraine , crimea is going to be forgotten . 
  muscovite tsardom with vsevolod putin i the greatestest and the most manly and straight contests your claim , ahem . 
  back off you gay-nazi western lapdogs !, 
  technically you are correct . 
  with land transfers comes the transfer of all the things on the land . 
  for instance , russia did not demand stuff to be dismantled from crimea when it carried over to ukraine by the soviet , ukrainian-born premier khrushchev .
