  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  you can always create ` reasons ' why x is a fault of y nation if you 're a national with a victim complex who is looking to put all the blame conveniently on a nation that just happens to be the one that you happen to dislike . 
  i do n't think the west is responsible for wwii and i do n't think ussr is responsible for it . 
  hitler is . 
  period . 
  sure , hitler had * reasons * why he was pushed to a state of mind that led him to take such views and then have them popularly received in germany . 
  however , those reasons however reasonable do not absolve him from the guilt that a warmonger carries . 
  much in the same way , putin has * reasons * why he was pushed to a hostile state of mind and while * some * are very reasonable reasons , overall it does not absolve him from the guilt that he and his supporters carry for warmongering . 
  ***  one could argue that had ussr not signed ribentrop-molotov pact with hitler - there would be no german invasion on poland ( poland in 1939 had 1 milion strong army , worse quality than german , but strong enough to survive for a few months against 3rd reich - and hitler knew it ) . 
  you misunderstand the fundamental nature of that pact , if you start off your argument with such a fundamental error , it 's really bad for the rest of your argument . 
  i do n't know if you have access to jstor , you probably do n't since you have n't studied history in the us most likely , [ but this is a very interesting journal article you may find very surprising . 
  ] ( http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/152863?sid=21105519679431&amp;uid=3739256&amp;uid=2&amp;uid=4 ) stalin did not want a war with hitler - or he did not want it yet , at the very least , as stalin realised he was weak in 1939 . 
  he tried to make sign an agreement with the west prior to signing molotov-ribbentrop . 
  those failed of course , the west hated communism and did not wish to create a defensive pact . 
  stalin was very paranoid that the west was channeling hitler to attack ussr , and the west in fact was doing that , the west did n't even make any active war on hitler when he had his way with poland because the west was hoping he would simply attack eastwards and leave them alone , also take care of communism as a bonus . 
  poland would collapse against germany with or without ussr , and it would do so fast . 
  look at france and the bef , they lost miserably against hitler . 
  hitler had next to nothing protecting germany on the western border during the polish invasion ( you said so yourself ) the west had a chance to strike when the time was good , but they did not and they would not , they were hoping hitler would leave them alone if they looked scary enough and go after ussr , just as hitler said he wanted to anyway in the mein kampf . 
   eventually france and uk would invade hitler from the back ( for real not that pathethic excuse france did ) , and poland could defend for a few months at least on the vistula , and that would be the end of ww2 . 
  germany had almost no soldiers at home in 1939 . 
  utter fantasy , do n't let your nationalism blind you to history . 
  no reputable historian i have ever heard of ever postulated such a scenario . 
  look man , i am very sorry for what my country did to yours . 
  it was fucked up . 
  i 'm not very sorry for invading poland , poland was an expansionist power in the 20s who invaded ukraine , your erstwhile allies lithuanians and even seized a bit of czechoslovakia when hitler was slicing that pie . 
  moreover , the majority of the land seized was n't polish anyway . 
  * however * , i am * very sorry * for katyn and the stalinist repression of the poles . 
  those were dark days of my country 's history and we killed a lot of innocent poles . 
  but you ca n't let your animosity for ussr create a preposterous version of history that has no basis in fact . 
  thank you for understanding , one reason i like this sub is that even though it is not a very russia-friendly place , it is a very reasonable place where an argument can change views . 
  ca n't say the same for / r/russia alas . 
  the saddest part is that / r/russia probs has more expats than russians , so they do n't even have the excuse of being stuck in russia . 
  good counter-argument . 
  i 've thought and read a lot about this , i 'm a russian who majored in history at a us uni , believe me , i am not brainwashed but at the same time , i am very interested in the history of my own country . 
  however , some issues with your argument : * purges are bad , definitely , but manpower loss was small . 
  talent loss was serious , but hard to quantify . 
  maybe the purges robbed ussr of the next suvorov ( our greatest general ) , someone like tukachevsky maybe . 
  however , at the same time , perhaps some ineffective generals or officers were removed , who knows . 
  it 's all butterfly effect sort of stuff here , nobody is certain of the impact of the purges . 
  here is one thing we do know however : purges were effective in keeping troops and generals from mutiny . 
  remember what happened in wwi in russia ? 
  troops mutinied even though wwi eastern front was a walk in the park compared to wwii . 
  wars are n't fought to the last man , they 're fought until one side loses the will to fight . 
  stalinist ussr never lost the will to fight . 
  hitler pressed ussr very mercilessly because he knew it would be very difficult to make ussr surrender . 
  tsarist russia would have surrendered soon . 
  surrender is easy when there is no murderous cheka or brutal dictator in place , look at france in wwii . 
  * poland just recently got done fighting ussr that started with the polish invasion of ukraine ( poland was also invading lithuania , their former allies and they managed to get a piece of czechoslovakia too ) . 
  poland was not an asset to stalin , he knew that . 
  poles wanted their independence of course and they had previous grievances with ussr and russia in general that went before stalin 's rule . 
  * invasion of finland was a disaster , but it was important for two reasons : one , it prompted a lot of changes in the soviet military both organisation and equipment wise ; two , it persuaded hitler that ussr was easy to defeat -- `` we have only to kick in the front door and the whole rotten russian edifice will come tumbling down '' . 
  if ussr did well in finland , hitler would have been more wary of ussr and prepared better * here is where your lack of history background works against you . 
  or at least so i presume , what a lot of people who did not study history on a post-secondary level make the mistake of implicitly assuming was that ussr was somehow a natural ally of the west . 
  i know you do n't actually * believe * that , but you have to understand , the west wanted ussr gone more than they ever wanted hitler gone . 
  the west appeased hitler because they were more afraid of communism than fascism . 
  the west invaded russia during the civil war to help crush bolshevism , but it failed . 
  stalin knew the west would love nothing more than to have germany and ussr to fight until both bled dry , stalin always suspected that the west was `` channeling '' hitler by allowing him to take lands in the east - even when poland was attacked , the west just sat by in the sitzkrieg hoping that hitler would n't turn on them . 
  stalin would not attack prematurely , too many things could go wrong . 
  stalin was also always afraid that hitler would make a separate peace with the west because stalin was a paranoid man who thought the west was always creating conspiracies to destroy him and the ussr . 
  attacking germany during fall gelb could prompt a separate peace . 
  anyway , it was too risky , he had a lot to lose . 
  * a big issue , you are correct , many spies warned stalin of this . 
  it was one of his biggest mistakes . 
  however , it 's understandable why he thought so within the context of his mind , he knew he would have to fight hitler eventually , but he did not believe hitler would attack so soon and he was afraid of provoking hitler by building up forces in return , since stalin really did not want a war yet , he knew he was n't prepared . 
  * your last point can not be debated , it is definitely a failing without an excuse . 
  however , it is a very common failing of many world leaders in a hard fight . 
  look at poroshenko today for instance . 
  he refused to allow ilovaisk or debaltseve cauldrons to retreat until it was too late . 
  it 's a very human failure , we are all afraid that one retreat can lead to a slippery slope of a rout . 
  it 's not unlikely that a different leader would make the same mistake . 
   however , i think the ussr could have had a better leader than stalin definitely . 
  i do n't know who would be a good replacement though . 
  lenin hated stalin and was afraid of him , but [ this post of mine ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xsaiv/russias_gulag_museum_shuts_doors_amid_mounting/cp39ome ) here explains why i am wary of trotsky . 
  while he was the more favoured successor and a better man than stalin ( not saying much however ) i think his ascension to power would have other dangerous consequences . 
  are you talking about the great war ? 
  yeah , look how well it went for them ... stalin 's purges hurt a lot , many brilliant generals like tukachevsky were murdered . 
  however , the overall impact was debateable . 
  new leaders can rise from the existing ranks . 
  for all we know some ineffective generals were purged as well , ones that may have led their men to disasters . 
  the manpower was still there . 
  wars are not fought to the last man . 
  and stalin 's purges -- while they killed a lot of talent -- did not kill that many people to make a big difference in the war manpower wise . 
  wars are fought until one side surrenders , loses its will to fight . 
  tsarist russia collapsed pretty quickly in wwi . 
  why ? 
  two main factors . 
  firstly , it was not industrialised enough to sustain a total war like that . 
  however , secondfold , the more important factor was the political situation , which was not stable . 
  stalin 's purges cemented his power and created fear , fear that kept people in check . 
  please do n't take my analysis for tacit approval of stalinist methods or stalin . 
  i hate stalin , i hate putin , they fucked up my country . 
  however , nothing is black and white , everything has its own consequences . 
  there is no question about tsarist russia being able to resist hitler . 
  the only question is : if stalin did not seize power contrary to lenin 's wishes , would lenin 's replacement be able to resist hitler ? 
  perhaps trotsky would have taken lenin 's place . 
  trotsky was a much better man than stalin . 
  however , problems ... trotsky was against communism in one country . 
  trotsky was a ` true ' communist , in the sense that he was much more marxian than stalin and favoured a world revolution . 
  he would not button up in ussr , he would continue fighting wars with poland and other countries . 
  he was a jew also , uk would hate him once churchill took power because he was a major anti-semite .
