  backing this sort of highly general and subjective argument with numbers wo n't help . 
  i can throw back some numbers too . 
  it does n't matter because you can dispute my definition of ` diversity ' just as i can dispute yours . 
  us is most definitely the most mixed country in the world with immigrants coming from every corner of the globe . 
  but is it * diverse * ? 
  i do not believe so . 
  it is the most homogenous , standardised and artificial nation i have seen in my years of travel . 
  ` diverse ' is not the word i can use for it , at least not with my understanding of the word . 
  quantitative diversity does n't matter when the us culture is so good at absorbing all others . 
  it is a nation of the future , a modern nation that is a sign of the times to come . 
  the fundamental problem is that when i post something about america and mention that i am coming from a euro/russia perspective , i get downvoted to hell almost regardless of the message and all the amis get super huffy about me ` casting judgement without actually having lived here ' . 
  but i have lived here . 
  i also lived in russia . 
  i lived in both . 
  and yet any ami redditor - liberal , conservative , nationalist or even neutral - will invariably fling vitriol in my face , ranting about euros always being judgemental and assuming things about the us without actually knowing a lot and first-hand . 
  it 's very frustrating . 
  you can not criticise any aspect of the us as a foreigner , period . 
  redditors will kill you without the slightest shred of mercy . 
  so eventually i figured out that the trick was to not mention i was a euro or russia or foreign at all . 
  and voila , everything changed . 
  i have no reason at all to believe that you would have reacted any differently if you by chance would have stumbled on something critical i posted about americans . 
  it seems that all american redditors are touchy about it , or at least the ones who take the time to reply to me and downvote me . 
  redditors who circlejerk about us being a bad guy and so on will turn in a second on a foreigner for making a critical post . 
  of course , i only visit threads like those to offer a dissenting opinion . 
  so if i see circlejerk one way , i post something countering it . 
  this gets me the most downvotes ( on any topic ) or the most upvotes . 
  that 's basically how i feel about this . 
  it 's total bullshit . 
  if i came in like you and tried to categorise us without having lived there , i would be crucified . 
  even if i had a major in us history , the same goddamn redditors who are atheists would totally ignore facts in favour of their sentiments . 
  i am an atheist too - not like being gay gives you a choice - and yet i do n't think atheists are any different . 
  atheist redditors fall for the same traps they themselves will stone others for . 
  same goes for us redditors . 
  if reddit was a russian site , i do n't doubt the same would hold true - but since we are speaking of our reddit here , we will focus on what our reddit embodies , and not the hypotheticals . 
  i majored in history ... 
  it 's kinda my job to know . 
  granted , my focus was on antiquity , but i still managed to study russian history pretty well . 
  i know russian history and i know us history . 
  i know both very well . 
  i also lived in both nations . 
  and i do n't even have a rosy view of russia , if you noticed . 
  in fact , us is indisputably a better place to live than russia in almost all the indicators . 
  but one thing i do n't like is misconceptions about history or geography . 
  if you are a uni student , you can go ask your russian history specialist or just check on the ethnicities in russia . 
  there are a lot of very different autonomous republics in russia and they have very distinct peoples who have survived throughout millennia , not just centuries . 
  i do suppose the ` diversity ' term is subjective here , but those are n't immigrants - they are people who have always lived there . 
  well , and i am a russian , so yeah ... 
  i do n't just know a lot of them , i lived there . 
  you are polish , so it 's not bad , but not the same the same as living in russia . 
  you 're not necessarily wrong though , to assume that homophobia equals racism . 
  a lot of times the two things go hand in hand . 
  : s as far as people of different races , we have lots of people from central asia . 
  i do n't see anything even close to what i see here in the us with the blacks . 
  i am sure we have enough of our racists , but i have n't seen them personally and i do n't think they are a large percentage . 
  obviously , if we were put in the same situation as americans are in it would be quite likely that a lot of russians would become racists . 
  but we are n't in the same situation . 
  racism and homophobia are pretty different . 
  russians dislike homosexuality because they view it as unnatural , not because they are social conservatives necessarily . 
  of course , seeing homosexuality as unnatural * is * social conservatism in a nation like the us , but i have to explain to americans that russians are very alien people if they try to force their views on our culture . 
  as a pole you should probably have a better idea , but then again probably not considering that poland has a lot of social conservatives who still favour catholic values ( correct me if i am wrong , i 'm just repeating what * the economist * said ) . 
  in russia things like abortion that are hot-button issues in the us are n't even discussed . 
  usually homophobia goes hand in hand with anti-abortion activism because both are born of religion . 
  in the russian context however , the homophobia is not religious at all . 
  it 's just being a close-minded dick . 
  religion still does n't factor in much into our politics , although our arse-backwards orthodox church is doing its best to change that ( and putin is cozy with them , given their semi-secret dirty pact ) . 
  that 's a pretty big misconception about russia that only demonstrates the general lack of knowledge about russia in the us . 
  i mean , it 's understandable that americans do n't know much about russia , but the problem is that people who do n't understand something do n't seem to be hindered in making judgments on the things they have not experienced or read about . 
  russia has far more ethnic diversity than the us as far as actual separate cultures speaking their separate languages on their homeland . 
  us is a melting pot , but the end product is generally ` american ' with some ` flavours ' as i would say . 
  i mean , people have ` heritage ' and stuff , but it 's really absurd , having seen it first hand . 
  anyone who was born here pretty much loses their european ethnic diversity , from the sons and daughters of euro immigrants i have seen . 
  being muslim , for instance , often provides a separate counter-identity that allows them to be different . 
  but being a plain euro rarely allows the person to retain actual separate identity . 
  the us culture is very good at spreading and being attractive to people of all cultures . 
  the issue is that the russian population still makes up a high percentage of the general population - overwhelming in fact . 
  so in that it is homogenous . 
  but that depends on where you live . 
  the problem is that to americans or most euros russia is just one country with one people , which could n't be farther from the truth , given its size . 
  we also did not slaughter our natives , instead preferring to give them tributary status and leave them be , without even trying to convert them ( it was voluntary ) so that enabled russia to preserve many of its cultures . 
  which stalin did his best to undo , of course . 
  but stalin was just one man . 
  if you read the news , russians are more racist . 
  i do n't know if it 's true , but i thought it was because i figured , whatever , our country does tend to suck as far as the social aspects . 
  but then i saw that graph and really thought about it . 
  americans are pretty racist here , even if they try to hide it ( rather poorly , i must say , especially for the republican ones i talk to ) for russians ` racism ' is not even a word that we naturally use . 
  we do n't have many blacks , but plenty of asian people . 
  i never heard of anyone around me who was racist against them . 
  i 've never seen racism in russia , though i am sure it exist and is doing pretty fine . 
  but not like in the us . 
  the bigger problem in russia is homophobia . 
  that 's a real problem . 
  we really need to work on it and putin is n't helping here with his wily support of social conservatives . 
  i do not believe putin actually believes in the homophobic rubbish but he 's a cunning politician and he 's really good at exploiting the popular sentiments . 
  we have no excuse for being a homophobic country . 
  yeah , i 'm a russian who is also gay but i 'm in the states . 
  xp if it makes ya feel better , we did score fairly well in that other racism infographic , hah . 
  probably even a lot better than we thought , because racism is definitely alive and well here in the states , from my experience . 
  but to be fair , that 's probably one of the few social indicators that are n't better in the us than russia . 
  well , our education is better too . 
  heh , russian here , i was surprised by the results too .
