it is rather saddening to see diplomats lowering the level of discourse to that of `` i rekt ur mom m8 '' . 
  speak for urself skrub . 
  i thought his sick burn was toplel , rate it 8/8 top hippy-leftie b8 , m8 . 
  but really though , i had a chuckle , reminded me of lavrov , he can be rather blunt sometimes , which makes me smile . 
  diplomacy is too polite and impersonal imo , a little coarseness could make it more interesting . 
  :p anyway , my point was that i am not sure if ukraine was willing to use their arms and i think putin may have been crazy enough to try them . 
  think about it . 
  ukraine would never use nuclear arms . 
  it would be unthinkable . 
  anyone who would give the order would condemn 45mil or so people to instant or slow death , depending on how lucky they are . 
  nobody would use atomics over crimea . 
  crimea is not so valuable . 
  piss on principles , i 'd rather be enslaved than use atomics . 
  i 'd rather let us conquer russia ( shit , that would improve the country likely ) and even enslave us rather than use nuclear arms . 
  nuclear weapons will be the end of both nations . 
  russia has a lot of area , sure , cities are gone , but a lot of areas would still be inhabitable . 
  anyway , do n't make this a cock-measuring contest . 
  my point was that neither nation would use atomic warheads . 
  it 's just that people were saying that if ukraine had atomics , they would use them against invading russia . 
  i do n't think so . 
   and too close together to nuke eachother . 
  india and pakistan have a lot more empty land separating each other compared to russia and ukraine . 
  most of the border is covered by the rajastani desert . 
  a lot easier to nuke each other there than in russia/ukraine , which has no ` real ' border - towns , cities and villages are all over the border and the border is purely imaginary really , no real delineation like in india/pakistan . 
  think punjab , that 's the best way to compare an indian-pakistani border to russo-ukrainian one . 
   crimea was an invasion . 
  you send armed troops into another country , it 's an invasion . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  my second paragraph * literally * said ` dunno if crimea would happen ' . 
   `` strongest takes all '' is a barbaric principle that should not apply anymore in 21st century . 
  that 's ok , we are enlightened westerners who find civilised names for everything savage that we do , amirite ? 
  we call it realpolitik now , same bloody thing though . 
  ` barbaric ' is a bs term anyway , i majored in history , we 're allergic to that word by now . 
   you cheered for crimea but you in fact cheered for application of that principle . 
  i cheered for the * fact * that crimea was brought back into the russian fold . 
  i wept for the illegitimacy of the process and the fact that i realised just how batshit insane putin was . 
  he 's a crazy megalomaniac , everyone knew he had a longing for ussr ( many of us do ) but not many imagined him actually acting out on it in such a way . 
  i am as much ukrainian as i am russian , i was born in the soviet chernovtsi , now chernivtsi to two moldavian parents and raised to speak in russian , but i also learned ukrainian and romanian . 
  it pained me to see the two nations at a state of a war-but-not-quite-war . 
   `` indiscriminate shelling '' is not what turned people against ukraine . 
  i subscribe to / r/ukrainianconflict and i watched all the vice dispatches . 
  it 's fucking hell over there . 
  but yeah , you 're right , russian propaganda played a huge role in it , it 's a zombification yup , the lies on the russian tv are beyond belief . 
  it needed a catalyst though . 
  the ato was that catalyst , that grain of truth that makes the propaganda more believable . 
  i watched the operation in horror , it was terrifying , russia has a lot of blood on its hands . 
  turning the two brother-people against each other . 
  ` russian ' or ` ukrainian ' does n't really matter , we are one people -- our differences are political and geographic , but not cultural at all , we are one . 
  * were * one . 
  thanks to putin , that camaraderie is forever tainted . 
  for that alone he deserves to rot in the seventh circle of hell . 
  still though , ukrainian army went in guns blazing , it was n't an ` ato ' like the west does it , you do n't use grad and su-25s to barrage cities if you want to win the hearts and minds of people . 
  i do n't think most people in the east started out wanting to separate or wage war against kiev . 
  well , now the ones who remain there hate kiev , good job . 
  propaganda wo n't make a difference , when your home , your car , your friends and relatives are destroyed , you do n't care . 
  you do n't care who or why did it , you hate that person . 
  india and pakistan have skirmishes all the time , they 're nuclear . 
  putin would n't * invade * ukraine , but a lot of ` volunteers ' could still make their way . 
  then the ` volunteers ' will get heavier weapons through the rebel-controlled border . 
  it will be step by step , salami tactics . 
  i do n't know if crimea could have been taken over if ukraine had nukes though ... maybe , who knows , but it would be a lot riskier . 
  still , putin is a pretty brazen devil , he knows ukraine would never use nukes because russia has enough to flatten every square kilometre of ukraine into radioactive ash . 
  it would be suicide . 
  ukraine is n't the same as the us or china , ukraine would n't use their nukes . 
  nah , nothing is more corrupt than our current gov ` t , you 've got ta be kidding me if you think anything is . 
  putin organised corruption to the next level , he made it an art form . 
  his corruption is not a crime , it is not a byproduct -- but it is a carefully planned and created institution . 
  it is what it is by intent , it happens because putin wills it , not because men are ` corrupted ' -- how can it be ` corruption ' if it is the endgoal of his political system ? 
  corruption is the failure of a goal , the dilution of a goal , not the aim . 
  thing is , when do you use nukes ? 
  it 's a tricky act , ukraine would never use its nukes because that would mean total retaliation from russia that would turn ukraine uninhabitable for next 200 years . 
  the eu and nato would obviously tell ukraine to get bent before using nukes because fallout . 
  [ nuclear weapons only matter if you have the willingness to use them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe ), 
  you 're absolutely right , russia was wrong to illegally annex crimea . 
  however , crimea wanted out and ukraine has n't been letting it out . 
  on the subject of territorial integrity , ukraine and russia show that they 're very similar nations , the brothers that we are . 
  neither ukraine nor russia will let go of their territory even if the people demand it . 
  the only difference is that russia just happened to be stronger at this moment than ukraine . 
  if ukraine was the stronger party and russia was the one in turmoil , things would have been the other way around . 
  i know it 's a pointless what-if , but you 're kidding yourself if that 's not what would happen . 
  the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . 
  russia will now suffer because of an autocratic idiot who went too far , because russia is not and will not be as strong as west . 
  and i do n't begrudge that to the west , they are stronger and everyone who is strong acts in their own self-interest . 
  either way , i 'm sorry for all the mess putin caused . 
  i cheered on crimea , but donbass is a fucking ugly business , very , very very vile thing that russia did to ukraine . 
  sure , ukraine has a lot of blood on its hands too in donbass , you guys went in guns blazing and turned a lot of civilians against you with indiscriminate shelling . 
  but the whole thing was a russian-planned , russian-coordinated destabilisation act . 
  now donbass is fucked , they 're a joke of a nation , run by criminals and i doubt putin will do the right thing and annex them or hand them over to ukraine if he somehow could . 
  i really feel bad for people of donetsk , they should be a part of a bigger nation , whether it is ukraine if they will accept ukraine or russia ( not that the world would allow it ) . 
  putin does what he can get away with , just barely . 
  he wo n't attack eu . 
  / figures a vanu would be from sweeden ( ok , i joke , i am vanu too , it 's just that in my country homosexuality and spandex is frowned upon ), 
   i 'm just saying there need n't be any ethnic stereotypes in play in the process of pulling wrong stuff out of your arse . 
  just faulty thinking . 
  it 's a mix of both , let 's just leave it at that  you got ta be kidding me if you do n't think russians do n't get ethnically stereotyped on this sub . 
  if i read one more post about how russians ` crave ' a ` strong leader ' on this sub i think i am going to turn straight and start voting for putin just to spite the shitstains on this sub who say that stuff . 
  holy shitball generalisations , why do n't you stick to re-enacting ss with their rest of your airsoft buddies instead of posting purportedly factual statements about actual history ... 
  it is n't racist , i did n't say that . 
  i just said it 's like a racist making fun of blacks having small dicks .
