  i mean , i do n't know much about how people feel there . 
  i know the difference between french and non-french flanders though , maurice druon 's novels were hugely popular in russia , they 're one of my favs :d for instance , i was born in soviet ukraine to parents who were both born in soviet moldova , but i consider myself russian as i speak russian and identify with russian culture and nation . 
   words like genocide or totalitarism are politically misused and it only create problems like guys calling the katy\u0144 massacre a genocide . 
  so if you argued with technical arguments that the holodomor was n't a genocide and get crucified , that is only pure circlejerking . 
  for two months i argued about stalin 's legacy on this sub and gotten over 500 net downvotes , no kidding . 
  i wrote essay-long posts but ultimately got downvoted because while i called stalin a horrible murderer , i argued that ussr did not engage in genocide vs poles , even though we killed at least 100,000 of them . 
  i never argued that holodomor was n't a genocide though . 
  i just do n't like it when people equate holodomor to the holocaust and say hitler = stalin . 
  i do n't have anything against calling holodomor a genocide . 
  even if i am willing to call both genocides , implying there was equivalency in hitler 's and stalin 's plans in incredibly disingenuous . 
  i was just using it as a hypothetical in this thread . 
   i am not stating that the congolese murders were not an horrible crime and i am not whitewashing it at all . 
  i am just saying , the numbers do not make a genocide . 
  but see , if i say the same thing about holodomor , this sub will crucify me . 
  do you see what i mean ? 
  it 's somehow ok for westerners to say this , but not for a russian . 
  i mean , you 're not technically wrong in the sense that congo did not appear to be a concerted effort to eradicate an ethnicity . 
  the issue is , these days were are calling a lot of mass killings as ` genocides ' . 
  words are what the make of them . 
  however , i can guarantee you , nothing looks worse than someone of the aggressor nation trying to white-wash a historical crime . 
  it just looks bad . 
  if i try to white-wash stalin 's crimes , it will look really bad too if i say that holodomor was n't a genocide . 
  either way i call it , a lot of ukrainians were murdered . 
  so if they want to call it a genocide , i think the victims deserve some recognition , even if it 's not a technically correct terminology . 
  holodomor needs more recognition , russians need to face their historical crimes more , it will help us mature as a nation . 
  they were semi-deliberate . 
  they made the situation worse but the excuse was that the famine started itself . 
  same story in holodomor . 
  started with a typhoid epidemic at least where my grandparents lived . 
  then bad harvest two years in a row , epidemic kept raging , then it went into holodomor . 
  they remember eating tree bark ground up to make flour with grass ` salad ' . 
  terrible times . 
  in both the indian and the ukrainian case , the authorities made the situation much worse by diverting food supplies . 
  for that matter , yes , the irish famine was also like that , there is a chilling similarity in the irish and ukrainian famines -- the uk/ussr both kept vigorously exporting food from both countries to make even more money , all the whilst people were falling left and right . 
  if one is genocide , then all three are genocides . 
  or conversely , if one denies one of these being genocides , then none of them were genocides . 
  irish one had the least fatalities , as emigration was a possibility for many . 
  a little known fact , early 19th century ireland had twice the population of modern ireland . 
  insane fact considering how massively the world population across the globe exploded in the mid to late 19th century and especially in the 20th century . 
  ukrainian one had many more fatalities , but the indian famines were beyond compare , they were stretched over a period of * three terrible centuries * of the british deliberately starving indians . 
  just in the late 18th century famines , estimated 10mil died as the british kept diverting foodstuffs . 
  the last one happened during wwii . 
  all three cases are equally reprehensible . 
  however , for political reasons , only holodomor is mentioned . 
  so holodomor was n't a genocide either ? 
  how about the congolese genocide ? 
  estimated 5-10mil dead . 
  apparently in the past thread where i had the discussion , many euros do n't consider that one . 
  or the genocidal policies of the british in india , specifically the bengal area ( tens of millions dead , even churchill was in it , he famously declared that the indians ` will breed like rabbits anyway ' and asked ` if gandhi was dead yet ' . 
  now , you can argue that neither one wanted to fully exterminate the local people . 
  i guess that means holodomor is n't a genocide either then , because stalin certainly did n't wish to kill all of ukraine , just kill enough to pacify them . 
  so which one is it then ? 
  will european nations own up to their genocides , or will they simply point fingers at russia whilst keeping their own stuff quiet ? 
  it 's all or nothing . 
  either admit to those being genocides , or stop pointing fingers at others if you can not come to terms with your own history . 
  can confirm , i shot 3 ukrops this morning !, 
  then the soviet actions in poland and ukraine were n't genocide by that logic , except the majoriry of euros in / r/europe are big , rotten hypocrites who whitewash their history and then self-righteously rail at russia . 
  if i said holodomor was n't genocide i would be crucified on a cross of downvotes, 
  wow , let me take that argument and teach / r/europe why holodomor was n't a genocide !, 
  i bet you guys would totally upvote and agree with me !!!, 
  let me just edit a wiki article , because we know that a wiki article is the final arbiter in any argument  btw , just so we are clear , the nazi mods are on wikipedia . 
  read about it , it 's a big issue . 
  i mean nazi in the figurative , not literal far-right sense . 
  although some are far-right too . 
  the point is that wikipedia is curated by mod who all have their pet issues . 
  so when 100,000 poles are killed by ussr , it 's a genocide . 
  but when millions of congolese are killed , it 's not . 
  some estimates of dead congolese reach over 5-10mil even . 
  **** edit : i love the bias of that allegation btw . 
  the guy you quoted has a ba in history . 
  fun fact : so do i !, 
  we seem to have equal credentials . 
  neither of us have submitted our statements to a peer-reviewed journal either . 
  funny how the bullshit machine works ? 
  you know how many people have a ba in history ? 
  millions . 
  his words are oddly quoted too , clearly by someone with an agenda . 
  `` red herring '' is a word that you will rarely find in historical journals , that 's argumentum ad neckbeardus . 
  arguments by logical fallacies only win arguments online , in history or in law , logical fallacies are n't the end all arguments , you can call anyone 's argument logically fallacious by throwing out some lists of logical fallacies , but that will never win you an argument . 
   there was no concerted effort to exterminate the congolese people - the belgians just brutalized them and killed them wantonly . 
  i can say that about ukraine and holodomor , but then i 'd get downvoted to hell on this sub ( for a good reason ) . 
  there was n't an concerted effort to wipe out the ukrainian people at all , stalin desperately needed ukraine because it was an economic powerhouse . 
  he just wanted to batter it into submission . 
  ukrainians were not racially discriminated against ( in a meaningful way ) either , so you could say it was a pretty good situation . 
  but was it ? 
  i do n't think holodomor was very good . 
  / r/europe needs to agree on definitions . 
  if holodomor is a genocide , so is the congolese genocide , even more so . 
  definitions of genocide vary . 
  i tend to be on your side - i believe genocide has to be a concerted effort to exterminate a people . 
  otherwise it 's just mass murder . 
  still evil of course . 
  however , recently it has come into fashion to describe mass murder as genocide , especially when it is politically convenient . 
  so when 100,000 poles die at soviet hands , it 's a genocide , but when maybe a million or more russians die , it 's not . 
  i 've had quite a few people insist russians were n't genocided even though ~ 20mil died in wwii and then maybe 1-2mil died under stalin . 
  i guess that was all accidental deaths . 
  i really ca n't tell you what is genocide anymore . 
  so in order to be fair to all , i will take the stance that * everything * is now genocide . 
   i understand the reasons but they are all soft/ambition/sentimental reasons and non of the one i 've heard are economical . 
  and i find this particularly disturbing .
