  not a single ukrainian complained about the ` forced russification ' of crimea , because everybody in the region appreciated that viper 's nest being squashed . 
  it 's absurd how far up the arse this sub has its head . 
  sure , what putin is doing now is wrong . 
  but they act like russia has been nothing but literally hitler since its inception , there are numerous top comments here every day that hammer in the notion that russia has always been ` cancer ' and russians always ` savage ' . 
  lovely stuff . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  nobody calls americans savages . 
  cause that 's evil stereotyping . 
  but russians are fair game . 
  double standard . 
  do n't lie to me and tell me that euros give a shit about russians or care about dead brown people . 
  because it is n't so . 
  neither are ` people ' to quite a few users on this sub it seems . 
  much enlightenment . 
  such progressive outlooks . 
  i am using us as an example . 
  to gauge reactions you need a standard of comparison , are you not capable of comprehending this ? 
  ah , so it is better to break some shit and then leave the country and wash your hands of it ? 
  then let isis slaughter the survivors ? 
  a + if putin 's actions resulted in 1/10th of the deaths that iraq war caused , the west would have an aneurism . 
  but when us does it , it is ok because america ` did not annex ' . 
  yeah , duh , who wants an unstable middle eastern country . 
  us instead now owns the oil contracts , so it got exactly what it wanted . 
  which in my view makes it 100x worse than the worst excesses of crimea . 
  which btw , was practically bloodless , deaths only came from a drunken scuffle , less than four total iirc . 
  right , just like people called americans murderous savages here !, 
  / s also , i guess the germans got off pretty lightly after wwii , following your logic they should have been all shot for crimes against humanity . 
  correct , and a very good point . 
  canadian immigration system is probably the best in the world , you have a points based system that is very organised . 
  us is very selective too , but having worked at us immigration law firms , i 've always heard the lawyers pine for the canadian system , it makes a lot more sense than the often arbitrary decisions the uscis officers make based on their prejudices and emotions . 
  that being said , i do not believe that central asian immigrants are bad for russia . 
  i know far from all russians will agree with me here , but russia has a lot of problems with our own population , central asians may be less educated , but they work hard and drink less , ca n't go wrong there . 
  think of them as `` mexicans of russia '' to put it in perspective . 
  gee , thanks for your wise advise , oh dear sage !, 
  let me march up to putin now and tell him how i wo n't vote for him ever again because he invaded a country !, 
  that will show him !!, 
  it is funny , americans re-elected democratically the man who led a un-illegal large scale invasion of a sovereign nation that resulted in 100,000 s of dead men , children and women , plus over 2mil orphans . 
  yet nobody calls americans savages even though they have the benefit of free media and free elections . 
  russians have neither and yet we are all savages somehow , even though i personally do not support putin . 
  something smells like bigotry and double standards here ... 
  but nah , le enlightened europeans could never stoop to racism and bigotry !, 
  that 's what russian savages do !, 
  yeah , i know you 're not a ` russophobe ' , you 're not the one who is saying how russians are savages like some other people that i replied to here . 
  crimea was a very multicultural peninsula , it was the crossroads for many empires and changed ownership quite often . 
  most of the peninsula other than the coasts was empty though , and so was the area that is now called ` novorossiya ' by the separatists . 
  they are [ referring to this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/novorossiya ) . 
  russia conquered this land from the ottomans , before it was empty because that 's where the crimean khanate slavers and troops went through before raiding russia . 
  cossacks were paid to stop them , but there was only so much they could do . 
  eventually under katherine ii the great , the entire area was conquered by russia . 
  in the early stages of ussr , lenin gave the ` novorossiya ' area to the ukrainian ssr . 
  then krushchev , a ukrainian premier , gave crimea to the ukrainian ssr , but it was a symbolic gesture because for russia crimea was everything , it still held a close and tight grip on it due to the military bases there . 
  however , what lenin did was too long ago , it is too late to correct that mistake . 
  the historical area that was once novorossiya is now settled by ukrainians . 
  russian-speaking and mostly russian-culture , but still ukrainians . 
  crimea is a difference case however . 
  it has been a majority russian for over 100yrs and it has had a russian supermajority since wwii , as in 1940 it was exactly 50 % russian . 
  it has been russian for as long as we still consider it relevant . 
  it has been russian longer than novorossiya has been ukrainian , so unless ukraine feels like giving back all that territory the wiki link shows , i feel that crimea is a fair trade . 
  in 1993 russia planned to take crimea back as ukraine wanted to nullify most of what ussr did , but then our constitutional crisis happened , culminating in yeltsin 's coup . 
  since then crimeans held several referendums to join russia , but despite winning them , ukraine has ignored them . 
  i do n't support putin 's actions , but at the same time , people who say `` crimea should have been russian only through a fair referendum recognised by ukraine '' are ignoring the fact that ukraine would never recognise it unless held at gunpoint . 
  ukraine does n't like to lose territory any more than russia , we are two culturally almost identical countries , although putin is doing his best to make sure russians are set back several decades while ukrainians move forward ... 
  tatars never made up more than ~ 30 % of crimea fyi , check the historical census data . 
  well , the 19th , 20th and 21st century that is . 
  ca n't speak for before . 
  however , before does n't matter because if we go back 300yrs , we may as well go back even further back in history and say that tatars are bloody invaders , rapists , pillagers and slavers . 
  which they were , they were the bane of the rieczpospolita , cossacks and muscovy . 
  i 've been to stuttgart , frankfurt and berlin , so i have some familiarity with germany , but can you explain in detail why ? 
  why hello , enlightened european ubermensch , how goes your aryan day today ? 
  well , i hope , your superior genetics no doubt make your life better and easier . 
  ah , to be racially superior , if only i was born a proper euro aryan like you and not the filthy asiatic ruskie that i am ... 
  pfft , you decadent , soft euros , we russian men are stronk , we go on ` extremal turism ' as we say . 
  we drink vodka and then get an ak and go on a real life paintball course . 
  minus the whole paint and plus the whole ` actual bullets ' thing . 
  ca n't beat the excitement !, 
  considering all the crazy stuff we do such as base jumping you think it is so crazy for some poorly educated , propaganda-fed vatniks to go fight some irredentist , imperialist ideal ? 
  immigration keeps the us population growing however . 
  which in turns keeps their economy growing . 
  russian population has also stopped falling , i know this is taboo on this sub , but europe can learn from russia too , thanks to immigration and more kid-friendly laws our population stopped falling and is now growing . 
  i do n't see what 's the issue here . 
  the article clearly stated ` optimal transparency standard ' several times . 
  `` optimal transparency '' is also known as `` opaque and muddled '' in russia . 
  the two autocrats are just sharing tips on how to rig elections better , / r/europe should stop fucking bullying these two poor oppressed , beleaguered tyrants , they have enough issues defending themselves from the aggressions of islamofascists and ukrofascists . 
  [ `` it 's not the neckbeard on your chin but the neckbeard in your heart '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/justneckbeardthings/ ), 
  what makes you think i 'm attracted to internet neckbeards ? 
  i hit on people on a strictly headshot-first basis . 
  ah , the ad hominem ... last refuge of the shitters . 
  i 'm willing to bet i am more fit than you are , unless you 're in actual sports . 
  i swim all the time , so i exercise every bit of my body , and i live in a climate where i can do so , unlike you ( unless you attend an indoor gym , which i doubt ) . 
  `` i 'm just asking innocent questions that just happen to make me sound like i am looking for an excuse to be intolerant towards other cultures '' what ? 
  how dare you call me intolerant ?? 
  did n't you know , if you reframe racist statements as * questions * , you ca n't be called racist !, 
  it 's [ diet racism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdyin6uipy4 ) , try it today !, 
  what does the accusations of oppression of russian minorities have to do with this ? 
  * and you are lynching negroes * . 
  russian says something something ? 
  better make sure i repeat something irrelevant to the current discussion but something that condemns the other party !, 
  i was making fun of the other user 's use of outlandish scenarios to somehow create enough sophistry to justify their desire to legitimise hatred of some cultures . 
  common tactic , it 's called ` jaqing off ' -- just asking questions , a way to suggest things under the guise of just asking questions , which is a cowardly tactic that allows them to deny accusations of being something bad by claiming they were just asking questions . 
  creating improbably hypothetical scenarios is another big red flag , you can prove nearly any point by creating a hypothetical scenario .
