  he was n't some victim , i never said that , you just could n't resist making a bumbling spectacle of yourself . 
  i 'm only describing what he did . 
  i am not passing judgement on his supposed victim status . 
  stalin was a world leader , all world leaders have their security concerns and motivations/fears . 
  i detailed his perspective , take it for what it is . 
  edit : here , i found a rehosted version of the journal article : https://www.webdepot.umontreal.ca/usagers/carleym/mondepotpublic/carley's%20web%20site/carley_dishonest.pdf the bibliography is seven pages . 
  there are your hundred sources . 
  is that enough for you so you could stop your lies and whining ? 
  it is from the institute of central and east european studies , university of glasgow . 
  they publish 8-10 editions a year on mostly ussr and their relations with the surrounding nations . 
  they have done so since 1949 . 
  they 're quite highly cited , i 've seen their name appear in my modern euro history courses , i 've used them before to write my term papers . 
  my favourite part : `` the negotiations which should have been most secret were leaked to the press on all sides and unfolded in an almost circus atmosphere , belying their deadly importance '' and here you are saying that i 'm spouting conspiracy theories . 
  i guess anything is a conspiracy theory when you 've never picked up a history book ... 
  i know , i 'm sorry about giving off that vibe . 
  i was afraid of that too , but i decided to post anyway in that form . 
  i think my whole passage explained my perspective , but it 's true that taken out of context , that part does n't look good . 
  problem is , if you do n't post something that is pandering pro-western and something where i grovel for a paragraph about how much my country sucks now , i get labelled as a putinist . 
  i 'm tired of doing that . 
  sometimes i do it , sometimes i do n't . 
  either way , i will get stereotyped by people who just want to argue with a strawman version of a putinist brainwashed russian rather than who i really am . 
  i love the west now . 
  and i hate where russia is going now . 
  but history is a different matter . 
  it was n't always black and white . 
  wwii history is really muddled and has a lot of ins and outs . 
  i said ` boo hoo ' because he was bemoaning gnp when my great-grandparents faced nazi genocide . 
  poles and balts on / r/europe ( fortunately not you it seems ) seem to be very selfish and ignorant of wwii . 
  poles or balts here never seem to mention the jews or the fact that hitler wanted to murder all slavs/balts as well . 
  it takes an ami , a brit or some other western euro to chime in with that , often times . 
  the balts/poles just talk about how their own countries suffered under communism whilst overlooking a monstrous genocide in the room that only the ussr stopped . 
  i feel like jews do n't exist in the eyes of those people . 
  my mother 's people do n't matter to them . 
  it especially bothers me when balts overlook that , because balts collaborate with the nazis to exterminate the jews in their own lands , but i have yet to hear a balt acknowledge that when i shove it in their face . 
  they just redirect with whataboutisms of `` well ussr was bad too ! '' . 
  i agree , ussr was bad . 
  i am very sorry for the shit we did . 
  but balts do n't seem to acknowledge their own part . 
  again , balts as in the balts in / r/europe . 
  i have a very close latvian friend and a good lithuanian friend . 
  they 're great people . 
  however , with the exception of you and another latvian on / r/europe , all the balts seem to be really ` far out ' there if you get what i 'm saying . 
  they will attack me the moment they see my flair . 
  i am accosted in random threads by balts who see my flair and feel the need to bring up their shit , or just to harass me when we 're not even discussing history . 
   but the next time you 're going to mention how desperate and ignored by the `` west '' stalin was , i 'll ask for some sources . 
  i gave you one , you ignoramus . 
  it is a well known fact that stalin was in the negotiations with the west to get a defensive pact . 
  it failed . 
  hundreds of sources mention it . 
  stop denying a fact , this is n't a debate , * it is a historical fact * . 
  yeah , and some people died or got raped by the americans in wwii . 
  shall we ignore context and say everyone is equally bad because some side killed many , some side killed more and some side killed less , but still killed people ? 
  neo-nazis already love making such comparisons , they love to talk about how ussr and us were no better than germany . 
  they use dresden or rapes in france for us , katyn or gulags for ussr and try to create equivalency . 
  it does n't work like that in the world of academia . 
  since apparently nobody else here ever got any post-secondary history education , i will enlighten you . 
  nazis have no equivalency . 
  period . 
  such is the consensus . 
  to say that they did would be to trivialise the horrors they perpetrated . 
  why do i want to do that ? 
  why do you want to argue this point with me ? 
  we argue . 
  that 's how it works . 
  it works both ways . 
  why is it that everyone on / r/europe is allowed to say that stalin was much worse , but when i disagree , i am a communist/putinist/stalinist ? 
  i can call you names too , i can say `` why do you want to do that '' in reference to saying `` stalin is worse than hitler '' . 
  i can call you a neo-nazi . 
  the putin way . 
  but that should n't be that way . 
  it works both ways , like i said . 
  lol @ your response . 
  now who 's the conspiracy theorist ? 
  your skewed views would n't last a single history course , but nothing i say will change your mind . 
  commie writers ... lol . 
  go home and cry about your personal victimhood status , poor poland invading ukraine , lithuania and czech republic in the interwar years , clearly the victim yep . 
  it depends on the context . 
  in / r/russia i would be attacking him , because some russians see him as a hero . 
  in / r/europe he is worse than hitler , so i take the position that can be construed as ` defending ' him . 
  is that so difficult to understand ? 
  there goes the selfishness again . 
  clearly if your own area suffered less under one side , that side is less bad . 
  what about the jews , eh ? 
  forgot about us , eh ? 
  we do n't matter , apparently we do n't exist in the baltic countries . 
  well , probably not after the nazis ( and do n't forget to thank baltic collaborators , you guys took care of us really well ) . 
  that kind of thinking is what led up to the nazis . 
  they 're not after me , so i wo n't mind them . 
  thing is , nazis would eventually slaughter the balts too . 
  i ca n't believe i still have to repeat this fact , it 's not a secret you know . 
  unless you had blue eyes and blond hair or proven german ancestry , you were dead if you lived anywhere east of oder . 
  yeah , you sure showed me !, 
  why debate when you can just yell obscenities to the other person !!, 
  read my personal story of my grandparents , then you will know why i used that word . 
  they would be dead if not for ussr . 
  and i would be dead . 
  and your sorry ass too if you are a balt or a slav . 
  that 's a generalised term of course . 
  we were talking about immigrants from maghreb swimming over to europe . 
  in that context , whites are powerful .
