  instead , due to the fundamental nature of our communist authorities , it would be very politically 'em barrassing ' for the authorities to admit , how shall we say , that they fucked up * royally * . 
  therefore , it was chosen that the whole thing would be swept under the rug . 
  germans did that too for a time being . 
  then around the late 60s and early 70s they began coming more to terms with their past and taking the time to teach the people why what they did was wrong and why they could n't weasel out of their responsibility by claiming that they were n't that into hitler anyway . 
  even after , it was still a common trope to take certain men and claim they were n't really that into hitler when in reality they were . 
  remember * das boot * ? 
  that scene where they all are like ` fuck hitler lol ' ? 
  they had to make sure that we knew that our protagonists were clean . 
  clean kriegsmarine , clean wehrmacht , clean luftwaffe . 
  the trifecta of denial . 
  then find a scapegoat . 
  the ss . 
  perfect . 
  now dump all the blame there . 
  problem with ussr was that we did n't educated our people that stalin was bad and why . 
  we did n't do enough of that . 
  we denied it , we did not follow the german example of first denying but then making it right . 
  since we never made it right , an opportunistic , nationalistic dictator like putin had a perfect opportunity to dig up stalin 's cold corpse , dress it up in nationalistic finery and then parade it for his jingoistic version of russian history . 
   where the priority was to assimilate other cultures and lead the europe rather than mostly making money problem was , colonialism was sold to the french public as a money-making opportunity ( * well , that and also a very important component was national pride , france under napoleon iii was engaged in all sorts of grandiose nationalist exercises , such as starting wars to defend ` national honour ' , playing well into the hands of the gleeful prussians * ) . 
  let 's not beat around the bush as americans say , colonialism was a venture of greed , not some absurd cultural exchange mission . 
  french intended to make money too . 
  you guys simply managed to comically mismanage your colonies :p ok , ok , i am being too mean , but really though , while your cultural policies were progressive , the notion that the ` priority was to assimilate other cultures rather than making money ' reads like it was taken from a french pr booklet . 
  france made rather voluminous losses from its colonies due to poor management . 
  even uk , as ` praised ' it was back then for its profitable colonies was n't making that much of a bank from their possessions . 
  one fact that i remember hearing and remember the fact stunning me was that the profits from the uk-us trade during late 19th century were over ten times the profits from india , which was their primary profitable colony , as many other uk colonies were also net losses . 
  colonialism was abandoned not so much because euros become progressive , that 's too much goddamn back-patting there . 
  colonialism was abandoned because national pride became too expensive to maintain and the profits from indirect exploitation and trade were much greater than from direct exploitation . 
  tell me about it , yeah . 
  my main objection to the article is that it 's a sub-header . 
  the article exists in a way i suppose , but you see my point about it not having a dedicated article . 
  imagine if the holocaust was a mere sub-header somewhere under the ` nazi germany ' article , oh and titled ` judaic humanitarian disaster ' . 
  the title makes me legitimately angry , what a fucking load of politically-correct , sanitised-sounding historical revisionism , a fine example of the fair and balanced nazi wiki mods editing stuff . 
  wikipedia is not a lumbering colossus of mods with agendas to grind , they settle down and spread their roots deep , so you can not dig them out . 
  try to edit some historical articles and no matter the amount of sources you bring with you , you will see edit after edit removed . 
  i 've seen this quite often . 
  what happened with congo was a * genocide * . 
  practically any intro course on colonialism makes a special note of it . 
  european nations mistreated a lot of nations . 
  however , congo was a special case . 
  if there was one colony that was run under a genocidal policy , it was congo . 
  not just plain genocide , but a genocide that was cruel in what europeans of that day would describe as ` uniquely asiatic in its despotism and barbarism ' . 
  instead the article gives a title that makes you think there was a flood or something there and the belgians could n't airdrop the rice fast enough to feed the starving kids , or some trumped-up bullshit of that sort . 
   they are just not mentioned , like germany , what they did in africa is nothing compared to ww2 , so people do n't blame them for that . 
  wrong , they 're not mentioned because european history is still inherently racist . 
  nobody cares about the negro . 
  look at the wiki article on the belgian congo genocide . 
  oh wait , it does n't exist . 
  the congolese genocide was one of the biggest new things that i learned whilst studying for my history major . 
  * i did not know it existed before either * . 
  i came into the uni already knowing a great deal of history , it having been my lifelong interest . 
  however , african history i knew little of . 
  african history is swept under a rug of eurocentrism . 
  which , hey , i understand , i find euro history far more interesting to study . 
  that does not excuse the situation however . 
  congolese genocide has claimed around 6mil lives estimated , too . 
  some estimates are higher , some lower . 
  however , those 6mil are n't white/european . 
  they do n't have any money or power behind them . 
  even ukrainians got their genocide recognised , and we are n't that rich really , heh . 
  but congo ? 
  it 's a forgotten genocide . 
   what they did in africa is nothing compared to ww2 see , will repeat that again because i find it very amusing to come from the mouth of a pole . 
  if i say that what ussr did was nothing compared to nazi germany , i will get a swarm of mostly poles and balts barking at me . 
  however , here we have an example where the belgians managed to kill approximately similar numbers of congolese in a time when the world population was much smaller and technology far less advanced , so thus it was proportionally even larger genocide . 
  what belgium did to congo was far worse in scale than what ussr did to poland . 
  however , since europeans tend to forget their mistakes easily , congolese genocide is completely forgotten , as i said , not even in possession of a wiki article . 
  wiki articles are a new standard for notability . 
  if it has a wiki article about it , it exists . 
  most people have little time or patience for academic journals or scholarly monographs . 
  of course , it 's a human thing , we care more for those near us than those far away , however -- since we are speaking * directly * about this topic , i find it humourous to hear your ` no comparison ' comment . 
  north america is not a well-liked example in the studies of african colonialism because due to a multitude of factors , the colonisation of africa took on a different character . 
  for instance , the british did not go out of their way to create misery for natives in their american colonies ( though a different path was taken in canada ) . 
  it was the colonists who took on a more hostile stance , the british administrators did not wish to expand or wage war on the indians , and mostly kept their treaties , well , mostly again . 
  in africa the problem was that the brits simply considered the african inhabitants as ` savages ' and not even in the sentimental manner that they did in north america ( again , we will look the other way when it comes to canada , under the argument that it was the canadian semi-autonomous management by then ) . 
  i do n't want to turn this thread into a pro-french circlejerk , the colonial treatment was still deplorable and terribly exploitative . 
  however , by the standards of the time , napoleon iii was fairly progressive in this regard . 
  north american french lands were different because it was largely all-male colonies . 
  it is an observable fact that whenever colonial conquerors bring their own women , the end result is very negative . 
  it allows them to create a highly stratified society based on racial divisions . 
  french made little in the way of concentrated efforts to populate their possessions . 
  the lack of that influx of new settlers really helped in keeping the tensions down , and the intermarriage further catalysed the relations . 
  however , all of this was not a result of ` enlightened policy ' but simply a byproduct of neglect . 
  neglect by the french government was what allowed the balmy relations to continue . 
  had the french government taken a more active stance in securing , settling and making their colonies in na more productive , we would have seen a great deal of strife , i can assure you . 
  much in the same way , the balmy russian relations in siberia and central asia were made possible by the fact that the russian government did not make an effort to settle or develop those lands , instead being content setting very light mandates for tribute , which were less onerous than the taxes demanded by the previous rulers . 
  if russia was overpopulated and we actually made an effort to settle our possession , we too would have anticipated heavy tension and likely a war of domination . 
  belgians really went far and beyond with cruelty though , cutting off hands of all the people and burning villages because of the profits from the plantations being redirected via skimming them off , leaving the natives to pay for the stolen profits with their lives ? 
  also , the estimates of deaths are pretty massive , 4-6mil or so . 
  british exterminated tasmanians , indian famines were very similar to holodomor in many way , yet it 's interesting that i never hear any comparisons made . 
  either way , the cruelty of the belgians was more shocking , and yet there is n't even an article on the belgian genocide in congo despite the overwhelming amount of deaths and the systematic policy of destroying natives in congo . 
  french and german colonisation was much more benign , though still in some ways bad of course . 
  i 've taken several colonial african history upper-level courses as a part of my ba , i had one nigerian , two white and one ghanaian professor . 
  all agreed that the belgians were the worst , brits second and germans and french the least bad . 
  french actually wanted to treat their colonies as a part of france itself and to assimilate them , instead of simply using the natives as slaves and keeping them separate . 
  not that they did n't exploit natives , but there was a marked difference in the approach . 
  it 's interesting that russia was also similar to france , we had a very laissez-faire colonial policy in siberia and central asia , people were given light taxes and allowed to keep their land , livelihood and even their culture or religion , unlike the cases were with the western colonial powers . 
  however , in the caucasus region the colonisation was bloody and marked with resistance from famed figures such as shamil ( if anyone read tolstoy 's * hadji murat * , the story touched upon that rebellion ) . 
  the siberian people were under worse conditions when the mongol-leftover khanates ruled them and the central asian people were in a highly volatile and violent region , both of these places preferred russian rule . 
  caucasus region was historically fiercely independent , sectarian and clan-like , very difficult to pacify . 
  call it the scotland of russia if you will , minus the eventual ` civilisation ' that scotland came under , unlike the chechnya-dagestan region today .
