  i dont think a brother would do that . 
  i could agree russians as nation are more of a brothers to us , but their politics definitely not !, 
  and brotherly they sell us the most expensive gas . 
  some in bulgaria say , that its better to be invaded by germany , than liberated from russia, 
  same here , now we have hybrid version of capitalists/communists even worse ... 
  there goes socialism for you . 
  i 'm so pissed because of those holidays , first we had easter , now a week later we have anoher 6 day vacation , everyone is not working but me , sucks to be working in the private sector, 
  not fantastic at all , but sadly its something that needs to happen ... 
  thats what they want you to believe , its the same scheme here , opposition or not , they all lobby for the same guys ... you hate putin ? 
  you vote for opposition , and the opposite ... win/win situation, 
  well , shit, 
  you are a whole religion off , gypsies are not muslim , there used to be a church in our hood it was full with gypsis every sunday . 
  they all sang song for jesus and how he is their savior ... 
  the only gypsie muslims were those that claimed to be 100 % turkish , because they wanted to be accepted as turkish people , not bulgarian or gypsies . 
  oh come on , you dont have problems with gypsies ? 
  maybe europe wouldnt know how you dealt with those kind of problems , but we do . 
  if a gypsies stole anything , a lynch mob would kill it on sight . 
  i dont say its happening now , but it used to on regular basis . 
  i wont mention your how you treat kurds in your non-xenophobic society !, 
  as i said i lived in a mixed hood , i 've seen things first hand and know alot of people from turkey and i 've been there myself . 
  i 've lived in a mixed hood with gypsies and i can tell you , there is absolutely no way to integrate them . 
  you may say the goverment doesnt want to integrate them , but then why they didnt integrate in france or uk ? 
  they dont want to work , they are lazy , they will rob you at the first possible situation . 
  i know stories that , you will never believe to be true . 
  they 've been like that for hundreds of years , ever since ottomans brought them here . 
  they were used for prostitution and robberies . 
  because they invest money , so that gas can be extracted , refined and so on , and in the end they will get cheaper gas . 
  its was discussed in bulgaria too , good idea , but doubtful germany and france would agree . 
  atm they buy cheaper gas than anyone else , they would lose that huge advantage ... 
  its a scheme by the book, 
  i 'm pretty sure this is exacly what he said , i really dont know why they took us in , i 'm happy they did , but that eu rep should be glad that his country didnt had the red plague ( communism ), 
  you would 've not said that , if you 've lived in bulgaria or romania . 
  it is possible we make a visible contribution , but its just highly unlikely , not to say impossible . 
  also south stream will be under construction if eu does not block it ... 
  then we cut food supplies ... 
  what if there is a small uk town of 1000 romanians living in it and there is close to non uk people living in it , should its territory belong to romania ? 
  doesnt ukraine have an army ??? 
  its their territory , how is the army letting such things happen ? 
  veto would be a stupid thing to do, 
  signed, 
  thats what politicians do , they put people against people , very sad i hope yanukovich gets hanged, 
  triple coalitian of bulgarian socialist party ( ex communists ) , movement for rights and freedoms ( ethnic party ) and ataka ( nationalist party ) dark times for bulgaria ... 
  i shit you not , our goverment voted this wednesday in the parliament , plans to exchange knowlege about media , culture , education and science, 
  no politician arrested , but our goverment made contact with north korea , we even sent mp to syria ( foreign investments are going to sky rocket , people love dictators ) , atleast we 've got that going on , infrastructure projects already getting cancelled by eu , we are super, 
  whats the whole story ? 
  i 'm kinda curious how is this happening , ministers/mp getting sentenced ? 
  is it payback from goverment/opposition ? 
  in 24 years in bulgaria not a single minister/mp has been sentenced to jail . 
  thats what politicians do , they put people against people ... 
  well , the guy is right ... 
  one of bulgaria 's mp said that there is a positive vibe in the ec 's report , f ** king socialists, 
  you guys have a corrupt politicians sentenced ?? 
  in bulgaria there is no such thing , not a single politician has ever been sentenced to prison for the last 24 years ... 
  go ukraine , i hope you succeed , your story brings tears from my eyes . 
  respect from bulgaria, 
  i was hoping atleast euromaidan was succesful , since \u0414\u0410\u041d\u0421withme failed in bulgaria ... 
  i 'm not hating , but its not like you didnt had it coming ... 
  the whole `` bonuses '' deal was insanity ... 
  needles to say its absolutely the same in bulgaria , unless we publicly hang them , nothing will change . 
  this is horrible , today i read another article about a 1 yo baby beaten to death by some man ... what is happening to this country, 
  we already do , god damn gypsies ... 
  i was interested to check it out , as i am bulgarian , but those ads ruined it ... 
  sounds good on paper, 
  this is how corruption works , someone is probably draining money from city 's budget ... 
  no way eu will agree to this ... 
  get real , there is no one to vote for ... 
  its the same shit in bulgaria too , there is no way , we can fight corruption on our own , eu should directly take matters in their own hands . 
  socialism must be eradicated , its a fucking disease, 
  how is it going to increase the number of prostitutes ? 
  less and less people will use they services ... 
  we are at 176 days of anti-goverment protests ... communists are hard to take down . 
  yes , go ukraine !, 
  russia 's goverment in ukraine must be overthrown , in bulgaria we 're in the same shoes as you . 
  the most likely outcome is for putin to `` retire '' from politics and put a new puppet president/government . 
  i call it the `` vietnamese dog market '' . 
  eastern europe too poor for that coke, 
  just `` the empire '' will be suitable . 
  the russian propaganda channels will blow up . 
  to steal your jobs . 
  everyone has more in common with europeans than the middle east . 
  the one men that was interviewed had the best response . 
  the women demand sacrifice from men , just like women suffer especially in their situation . 
  i think both parties are right for themselfs and those who dont want to fight , should not be blamed . 
  its not like its their first military crisis in that region for the last i donno how many years ... 
  educated *, 
  i 've watched how he was running out of your parliament once , pretty funny, 
  same in bulgaria, 
  thanks merkel, 
  actually the reason turkey refuses to take money is because , demands will be made from eu or whoever . 
  like providing good living conditions , health care , food etc. 
  now they dont have to answer to anyone and i think they 've made a good decision . 
  sarcasm so good, 
  they dont pass it to each other , because that would be unproffesional !, 
  they work for different countries . 
  shouldnt our smuggling problems be solved first and then join the schengen area ? 
  seems kinda reasonable to me !, 
  srs question , was that supposed to be english ? 
  also probably the biggest celebrity in bulgaria for the last 15 years ... 
  nothing feels as good as sticking it up to romania, 
  [ i feel it ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2839/11552952473_bd22e5bae1_b.jpg ),
