here irish tourists are always drunk and every time i see one all i hear is `` fock off '' extremely entertaining ... once at golden sands i went to ask some dude something , turns out he was irish . 
  how did i knew ? 
  he told me to go fock off :d, 
  nice, 
  i can only dream about this happening in bulgaria ... 
  did any on you read the article ? 
   it says in its annual enlargement report , out on wednesday ( 8 october ) , that `` the intergovernmental agreement signed between serbia and russia to build the south stream pipeline is not compatible with the acquis [ eu laws ] '' . 
  its the same in bulgaria . 
  our ex pro-russian government signed a really shitty deal and eu intervened . 
  ultras are stupid fucks in any country ... 
  take that western europe !, 
  i see what you did there, 
  personally i dont think any one is struggling in dealing with russia ... 
  the only problem the politicans are facing is the population that wants them to do something ... 
  yep , everywhere around the world , not just bulgaria, 
  it made sense to all submissions to me ... 
  reputation as a reliable arms dealer during a conflict is very important for france, 
  ok i understand your position , things are not simple, 
  i doubt russia will want to take the entire union , but they can sponsor terrorist organizations ( its the new fashion ) just like they do in ukraine right now . 
  and those ships you are about to sell them , will be a major part of that . 
  i wonder what your position would be if in that plane , there were more than 150 frenchman ... 
  the time will come when russia steps on eu land . 
  a year ago no one would 've tought russia will invade ukraine ... 
   what a fucking joke . 
  you didnt have say your post is a joke , i already knew it . 
  i read the same on bulgarian forums . 
  i honestly belive people are that dumb . 
  and not a single pro-russian will believe any of this . 
  germany ... 
  socialist government = total collapse, 
  the only reason , they stopped you is to get bribed ... 
  atm 's are working fine, 
  http://imgur.com/kzmv4jm best i could do in a hurry, 
  for those , that are unfamiliar with extreme corruption , let me summarize it for you , why the run on banks . 
  the main priority of every government we had so far , or anyone working in government job is to steal as much money as possible , any way possible . 
  when it comes to schemes for draining government money , we are the best . 
  they simulated bank crisis , all the media covered it . 
  all politicians started talking out of sudden , how the mafia is trying to collapse the bank system and how the government should give money to the bank . 
  and boom , fresh capital for kgb 's bank :d edit : i still can not believe how smoothly they pulled it off . 
  same thing in bulgaria , even a law in the parliament was voted , but then people realized how stupid the whole deal is and abandoned the idea, 
  good guy france , selling weapons to the enemy . 
  well there isnt atm , its just a political scheme in bulgaria for a fresh capital for a certain bank with reputation of political connections . 
  i was surprised ec fell for that ... 
  11/12/14 are spot on, 
  `` the historical `` backstabbers '' '' could you specify how are we backstabbers ? 
  thats pretty strong claim !, 
  i can say the same thing about serbia and serbian-bulgarian war , but i dont and i dont keep it against serbia . 
  i 'm truly jealous about how are you fighting corruption ... 
  gypsies and communists . 
  this is so one-sided comment . 
  ss is currently `` frozen '' , because its not meeting eu standards ... 
  you cant stop them, 
  gerb are probably the least bad , but still kinda the same . 
  the thing is gerb 's leader loves to build things and at least we had that going on , he went heavy on infrastructure , exactly in the peak of the eu recession and people did not like that ... 
  pro-eu gerb will win , they won last parliament election but did not have majority ... 
  the other 3 parties i talked about made government . 
  this eu elections gerb 's win was even more brutal , 15 % difference between the ruling party and gerb , in their favor . 
  if you try to provoke police or anyone here , protesters will immediately report you to the proper authorities and get you removed . 
  all 4 parties in the parliament are talking about goverment resignition and new parliament election this year , but date has not been set yet . 
  the current setup is soooo ugly . 
  triple coalition of socialist , ethnic party and anti-eu/nationalist party ... 
  barely a years has passed and yet so many fuck ups !, 
  turns out our pro-russian goverment handles protests way better than yanukovich :d the ruling goverment made everything to make sure protesters are unprovoked, 
  turks here in bulgaria are fine , politicians are creating the barriers between us all over the balkans, 
  whats even more absurd is that the leader of bsp ( ex communists ) is leader of pes in eu parliament, 
  this is not sanction . 
  the current pro-russian government and parliament coaliton is literally voting laws that are `` suggested '' from gazprom to bypass eu standards for this project . 
  obviously we cant have russia dictating bulgarian laws in their favor , so eu and its allies stepped in . 
  if the standards are met ( which they are not ) , the project will go on . 
  atm no 3rd party is allowed to use the pipe to transmit gas , which is exactly what russia wants ... 
  personally i want this project to be finished , but if it meets eu criteria , meaning other suppliers can use it as well . 
  because when you are poor/have a shitty life , you hate on almost everything . 
  left lane driving is a spot on argument :d, 
  gypsies are in his comfort zone , check out his visit to bulgaria ... 
  its unheard of , i just hope the rest also get what they deserve ... 
  bulgaria 7.62 % voters turnout at 10:00 , as information from cik http://results.cik.bg/ep2014/aktivnost/index.html english version http://www.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;ie=utf8&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fresults.cik.bg%2fep2014%2faktivnost%2findex.htmll, 
  barely felt it in sofia , we had guests from france , they had a little panic attack :d, 
  what pisses me even more is , eu standing and doing absolutely nothing !, 
  now that is how you make a report . 
  employment does not mean integration, 
  source ? 
  0.1 % of them maybe , personally i 've met handful of integrated gypsies , out of tens of thousands ... 
  i wont go into any stories . 
  i 've already sent you a dispatch of roma people . 
  no need to thank me , pleasure is all mine . 
  lets steal their jobs, 
  as much as i dont like what you say , it is true , i 've tried so hard , to explain to people how good eu is for us , but their answer always is `` eu gave me nothing '' implying that no direct money was given to them ... people think that eu is free money . 
  no one is bothering to explain that eu is providing us tools , which we can use to `` grow '' our country . 
  for me the red plague ( communism ) destroyed us mentally . 
  only in my wildest dreams ... 
  damn , i wanted to take someone 's job , but those ukip posters ... 
  great , we 're making fools of our selves , again . 
  thats why i dont post anything here . 
  that all bulgarians are gypsies ... 
  exacly what euro-pessimists needed ... 
  wow , its the same in bulgaria , just with sirians ... 
  funny conclusion and even more funny comparison with italy . 
  i agree not everyone shares my toughts , as i never said they do , thats why i said `` some '' . 
  mostly old people are pro-russian , because of communism 's heavy brainwashing . 
  dont forget that russia toppled , a pro-european goverment a year ago .
