  wan na trade some ukrainians for some syrians ? 
  romania why you do this to us ? 
  the russo-turkish war 1877-78 , which leads to the re-establishment of bulgarian state , after almost 5 centuries of ottoman domination . 
  [ russo-turkish war 1877-78 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_%281877%e2%80%9378%29 ), 
  2 years ago , we had pro-russian government and we were desperate to take it down . 
  at the peak of the protests i remember seeing group of tourists visiting sights next to the parliament ( where the demonstrations were ) , nobody gave a shit , it was actually interesting for the tourists . 
  once i overheard some people speaking in english and talking about problems in bulgaria and why we protest . 
  only once i saw some black guys getting scared from the approaching crowd and running away , funny if you ask me ... 
  absolutely agree , maidan was dying slowly as well , but yanukovich decided its good idea to sent berkut to beat and shoot people ... we know what happens next . 
  they took our jobs, 
  because that law should be abolished . 
  it will happen sooner or later . 
  currently bulgaria is overflowing with immigrants and they are not allowed to leave . 
  they can walk around the country freely , cant find jobs here and guess what they will start doing sooner or later ... 
  wtf , every eastern country talks how it will be gas hub for europe . 
  first greece , later bulgaria and now romania ... 
  so is the queen , janeway ? 
  the dublin regulation is going to blow up straight in our face ... 
  i 'm sorry alcohol/gambling is not good for your health , i try to stay away from these things . 
  the czech republic for obvious reasons : drugs & women . 
  i dont have issues , i have different views of politics, 
  my blood boils every time my dad says that ... . 
  i dont know if this phrase applies for you guys , but we say `` better to be invaded by germany , than to be liberated by russia '', 
  aka rich stays rich , poor becomes poorer . . 
  thats a hit under the belt ... 
  i had friends that used to study in the netherlands , they all complained about dutch people being super disrespectful towards foreigners . 
  i had a female friend that told me they used to wake her up , in the dorm she was sleeping in , every morning with the bulgarian national anthem . 
  the only logical conclusion :d, 
  are not nato members supposed to spend 2 % of their gdp for defense ? 
  this was so hard to watch , i feel sorry for the russian people , i like them and they do not deserve this !, 
  russia would 've saved so much money if , they just bought crimea ... 
  i know , i 'm just super jelly . 
  whats even worse is they peacock all the time ... 
  not true , the young generation is leaning heavily towards the west . 
  good chunk of the older generation is still brainwashed by the communist propaganda and dream for the old soviet times , but not alot . 
  thats because feminism is taking over western societies . 
  if this happens in eastern europe , her gold-digging desires would 've been laughed off the court room . 
  sometimes i 'm happy i dont have to deal with feminism in my country !, 
  i just cant understand , how fucking stupid you must be , for wanting to side with russia and leave eu/nato ... 
  this is key . 
  if putin is gone , chances for civil war will be high . 
  i guess when everything in your country is in order , feminism takes over . 
  they wanted the old soviet times ? 
  they have it now . 
  thats how people used to shop behind the iron curtain . 
  my parents tell me stories how the whole family would go to the store and wait behind all the other families so they could buy oranges or bananas , once or twice a year . 
  well at least we got off with the least damages , after ww2 we even kept some old lost lands . 
  but yeah , losing two ww 's sucks . 
  good times, 
  its all propaganda from soros !, 
  there is a risk when you give credits , thats why the interest rates in shitty countries are higher than lets say western europe . 
  because there is higher risk of you not being able to repay your loan . 
  creditors acknowledge that . 
  the contract was signed before those rules came in play !, 
  i wouldve not minded , but we got screwed over ss by eu, 
  because it was blocked and now germany makes ns2 , sounds kinda like eastern europe got f ` ed in the asa by eu . 
  the netherland has been blockibg bulgaria into schengen for years now ... they dont give a shit about anyone !, 
  unbelievable ... 
  the dutch has been blocking bulgarias membership to schengen for a long time , no surprise they will block ukraine . 
  what an embaressment !!, 
  doubtful, 
  wait who says that ? 
  europeans ( us ) or turkey ? 
  the problem is that tax payers are the one paying for that . 
  its obvious that we dont want to pay for people who dont want to learn our language . 
  if its a private television , i wont care at all !, 
  this is funny , greek farmers have been blockading bulgarian borders for more than a month now . 
  i have a dream ... 
  if greek farmers could also stop blockading our borders that would be great !, 
  looks like we are slightly better at failing than you , suck it !, 
  krum was the most badass khan we had ... 
  yeah , sanctioning turkey will be like a shooting yourself in the head , twice . 
  especially it will be a severe blow on eastern europe . 
  the world is not all sunshine and rainbow , infact the most of the world is opposite of that . 
  definitely not overpaid , but they dont deserve a lev more !, 
  we had some famouse karate guy visiting years ago , boyko showed him some moves . 
  not with germans in usa [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21642222-americas-largest-ethnic-group-has-assimilated-so-well-people-barely-notice-it ), 
  as bulgarian my first tought was turkey . 
  probably most important economical ally . 
  politically i would say romania . 
  i dont recall having any problems with romania at all !, 
  as bulgarian i see black ppl everyday , tons of asians as well . 
  i dont mind them at all because they have no religious demands . 
  middle east refugees on the other hand ... 
  personally i 've never expected them to be educated , but all of a sudden a small , but very loud group of people started claiming they are indeed highly educated . 
  great , more refugees . 
  believe me , none of those who voted for majority two round system had any clue what its consequences are . 
  i seriously doubt atm , there are any paid trolls . 
  there might 've been , but no way atm . 
  lots of people are sympathetic to russia , mostly 40 + year olds , mostly low paid employees . 
  what they do basically is complain all day . 
  thats why they appear in high numbers . 
  regular people wont bother . 
  in the long run , like 30 + years , they will be just a cheap human resource . 
  although now they are a huge burden . 
  i am bulgarian and i know only about 2-3 cases like this , none directly . 
  overall not a good idea to leave the kid to do w/e it wants . 
  i doubt they will end good , but even those whos parents work here aint better at the end of the day . 
  its definitely not common . 
  our business plays it smart , not out government .
