  [ although maybe a universal basic income would be a better solution ] . 
   i do n't understand this mentality . 
  you study law , right ? 
  unemployment is very low in the uk and with english law you can work all over the world . 
  in london there are shortages of workers in many many professions and especially the legal profession . 
  now is an incredibly good time to be looking for work : you have loads of options !, 
  i have to admit , i 'm rather pleasantly surprised [ shocked ? ], 
  that you 'd remember what sort of degree i was applying for . 
  you 've got it basically right , although i 'm still only applying at this point [ currently on a gap year ] for german and politics or european studies . 
  although i probably only said that i was applying for a `` politics '' degree , [ i generally only mention the side of the degree which is relevant to discussion at the time ] . 
  but i 'm not very daunted by the my own jobs prospects . 
  fortunately i managed to get alright grades [ but they could have been better ] at a-level , at a god sixth-form and am in a degree which would lead to a career i genuinely desire to enter [ journalism , and maybe politics a few/decades years down the line ] but my sympathies and worries are more with those that have n't benefitted hugely from the primary and secondary education system . 
  i obviously ca n't speak for the rest of europe , but i know that less than half of school leavers today will go to university , and out of the 45 % which do go on to do undergraduate degrees , many of them will get degrees which set them up poorly or set them up for a job they do not want to do , or a job which has awful employment prospects . 
  it 's this majority of the population that i am talking about . 
  personally , i work all through the day [ with regular reddit breaks ] and most of the night * and enjoy it * because i am doing things i like , but most people are not so lucky . 
  edit : obligatory sorry for the wall of text . 
  firstly , i think you 're misinterpreting the kinds of emails which this would restrict . 
  this is n't saying that no emails will be able to be sent after a certain time of day , like stocks on the stock exchange . 
  it would only limit employer/employee emails , and even that it would likely only include * work * related email . 
  and secondly , i would contest that there are that many career options available . 
  i do n't know anybody who does n't have an angry employer breathing down their neck all the time , and demanding trying to shove extra work onto employees ( even if they do n't realise they 're shoving work onto them ) . 
  this is for high wage earners as well as minimum wage earners . 
  i really doubt that the individual has much choice in which career they go into at this point . 
  yes , that 's all very well in theory , but the problem is the jobs where you are * not * expected to answer your email at all hours , on all days are in fast decline . 
  it 's becoming increasingly difficult to find jobs which actually work for employees . 
  now , you might say that if you want a job that works for you , then you should accept more `` responsibility '' but what if you want to have a life outside of work ? 
  i do n't think an economy where people are n't allowed to lay back for a while each day , start a family and all the rest of it , i do n't think that is an economy which works for its people and this is where i start advocating for laws like the on in the original post which make the job market work for those who want jobs . 
  we need to make sure that there are enough jobs out there for people to be able to live their own life , without sacrificing their life to their job, 
  that 's actually come up already . 
  he claimed that the only person fit to be his secretary was his wife , and that he thought no other woman was capable of being his wife . 
  although in my opinion the assumption that your secretary needs to be your wife is kind of nepotistic and just wrong . 
  i do n't think most people who have secretaries use their wives for it . 
  otherwise , who would they cheat on their wife with ? 
  but does the finance career necessarily have to be so stressful ? 
  do all of those emails necessarily need to be checked before you clock in the next morning ? 
  i mean , sure , you might want the freedom to work yourself to the bone , but i think people 's freedom to work a job which does n't consume their entire lives is also important . 
  additionally , the proposed law ( so far as i know ) does n't say you ca n't work ( from time to time ) at an unsociable hour in order to make a conference call with sydney . 
  time zones do complicate this matter significantly , but we should n't say that `` that just would n't work in this industry '' [ whatever that industry is ] and then let the idea moth ball . 
  the way in which various professions function need not necessarily be the way they function forever . 
  they can be changed , especially with help from the law . 
  our racists are better than those foreign racists, 
  there was an apocalypse and then things became even worse, 
  i would n't say it 's so much ` nitpicking ' as being true to the idea of the question ( `` which country las [ successfully ] invaded you ? '' ), 
  rather than sticking arbitrarily to the letter . 
  the glorious revolution just does n't * feel * like an invasion as far as i am concerned , which is why i 'll argue that it is n't , because it was n't really an invasion like the nazi invasion of eastern europe was . 
  or do n't . 
  let 's not get anybody assassinated by the kgb if we can avoid it . 
  i always love to see a good bit of original content which actually enlightens the situation !, 
  good job , 
  we 're certainly not supporting a syrian state in the same way we are supporting an iraqi state , but our actions in iraq will certainly help reinforce the syrian state and we are definitely not fighting the syrian state at this point in time , which means we 're inadvertently supporting it . 
  although it was n't the second democracy i was referring to ( that 's afghanistan ) . 
  the point is , that we 're fighting against the rebels and the usurpers in this situation , rather than the established forces in the region . 
  if we were fighting syria then we would be undermining stability in the area , but anything we do to harm * any * state in the region undermines stability in the region . 
  now , the question of whether undermining stability is ever justified is a different matter . 
  things which syria 's president is doing certainly make us question whether we should attack or not . 
  stability is not always a good thing . 
  sometimes you should fight for what is right . 
  but that 's not what the middle east needs right now . 
  i would be more willing to support ( at least , permit ) a * stable * yet evil state in the middle east , because what the middle east needs is stability , rather than endless revolution . 
  progress can be built on stability . 
  little good can come from endless chaos . 
  the plural was more in there because there 's a large possibility that we 're going to have to go back to afghanistan at some point in the not so distant future to keep the taliban at bay . 
  to be fair , this time there already exists an iraqi state , and a syrian state which we are supporting , rather than destroying which is what we did in the last several wars in the area . 
  we 've driven out the extremists from government in large portions of the middle east and erected democratic governments in their place . 
  this is us supporting those democracies that we created . 
  edit : got a lot of comments regarding the `` supporting syria '' point , [ please read my other comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hjind/uk_parliament_votes_524_to_43_in_favour_of/cktdgod ) before quibbering over it . 
  did nobody read the article ? 
  it 's an eu rule which prescribes that animals be unconscious when they are slaughtered , but grants an exception for religious rituals . 
  so animal rights already have at least a small level of eu competency , but they decided that whether or not religion should be an exception up to the member states . 
  you 're not allowed to discriminate between different eu nationals , but there 's a lot of different ways to discriminate . 
  for instance , the weedpass is based on residency , rather than nationality . 
  so if you live in the netherlands and are an eu citizen , then you can get a weed pass and smoke up to your wallet 's content , assuming you move to one of the places with which has weedpasses ( some provinces do , but others , like amsterdam , are the same as they 've always been ) . 
  it 's the same for university education . 
  you have to charge the same no matter where the national comes from within the eu , but you do n't have to give them student loans . 
  this is why it 's actually cheaper for me , as a uk citizen and resident , to study at a ( more expensive ) uk university than one on the continent ( because continental universities are cheap or free , but offer little to no student loans ) . 
  there 's also something similar with benefits , but that 's more complicated . 
  so , it 's effectively a form of discrimination , but not technically so , in the eyes of eu law and interpretation . 
  do you mean legalise , or do you mean decriminalise ? 
  if you believe people should n't be penalised ( punished ) for using them , then i agree , and i hope most other people would too , if the option was explained to them . 
  but it 's a whole nother matter to legalise it . 
  i mean , i 'm not so sure people should be able to buy heroin in the super market . 
  just does n't strike my like a recipe for a healthy society , and is potentially dangerous to individuals if they have such free access to dangerous substances without a proper understanding . 
  this came up in an askreddit submission the other day . 
  it was something about `` hey rest of the world . 
  tell us some american foods you do n't understand '' or something equally stupid ( yes and i was stupid too for even looking in the thread ) . 
  but , in so many of the threads there were people saying `` but you can get bread just as good as in germany , with all the same amounts of selection , if you just drive for five hours from one of the major cities ! '', 
  the problem with that , is it 's not impossible to get the foods we have in europe ( yes , we know about the immigrant culture [ s ] and the ` diversity ' ) but it is often difficult to find and not very common . 
  so yes , i think that in new york , a city of 20 million ( which is about equivalent to all of scandinavia , combined ) there will be a kebab shop which sells d\u00f6ner kebab like you find it in europe , but they 're certainly not the norm and they 're probably quite hard to find , just like finding virtually all ` american ' style foods is possible in virtually every european country ( apart from the vatican city and maybe liechteinstein ) , but it is very difficult to find most of them , and some are almost impossible . 
   there 's some clouds and grass good job on making the most pr out of what you 've got , but you 're trying to sell my a horse with a broken leg here . 
  i 've heard a lot positive about net neutrality , but then again i know that the problem is largely american . 
  for instance , usually we dot have to worry about our internet providers throttling our internet connection * to the same extent americans do * because we live so close together that we usually have * multiple * choices of internet providers which creates competition which creates better services so maybe if the problem of ` fast lanes ' is n't so severe here , we should avoid legislation in order to allow innovation ? 
  but i do n't really know . 
  as a rule i do n't like the idea of ` fast lanes ' and i find it hard to see a way in which net neutrality could ever be bad . 
  which is why my default position is to be for neutrality, 
  basically , yes . 
  an austrian would have to renounce their citizenship . 
  additionally , i do n't know what would happen if an austrian was in a country which gives citizenship by virtue of being born there . 
  this does n't usually happen in europe , because we do n't tend to give citizenship away like that , but it 's an interesting question . 
  the original europeans who made the project knew we 'd never stick together if it was just about doing the right thing . 
  so the made an economic union to make it `` not only militarily impossible , but economically improbable '' to start a war between a fellow member of the european project .
