  i know that , in principle , a euro now is worth half a dollar in the future because if you have one euro right now , you can invest that euro and do more with it , where as if you only have a euro in one year , you want have as many opportunities to make your money multiply . 
  however i do n't see how that fits in with what you 're talking about . 
  it seemed more like you were arguing about liquidity of assets as opposed to time value of money . 
   our correspondent says the uk agriculture minister abstained in voting on one of four new regulations , arguing that some member states wanted to go back to the days of butter mountains and wine lakes . 
  what does that mean ? 
  and looking smug . 
  and this is why it 's a good thing that nobody takes welsh separatism seriously , and they 're allowed to host their cool dragon flag without trouble, 
  i 'll have to keep an eye out for the name schrems is future . 
  it 's a legal challenge worth following . 
  i was filled with an urge to just come into this thread and write `` cunt '' . 
  i was looking at it from the point of view that , there 's hundreds of thousands of financial organisations throughout the world . 
  any one of them could make some big prediction . 
  i could make a prediction that the ez is going to collapse . 
  it does n't mean it will happen . 
  it does n't mean it 's very likely . 
  there 's so many different ways to read the situation , there 's bound to be a million different interpretations from the thousands of different financial institutions, 
  wake me when something actually happens . 
  some obscure or even non obscure entity saying something could possibly happen in some time period is n't really of relevance . 
  germany * could * also collapse within six months . 
  a lot of things * could * happen . 
  anyway , the eurozone crisis became pretty uninteresting when we realised that the eu government was not going to let the eurozone collapse and that when they said they would do anything , they meant it . 
  i have faith in them . 
  when the euro actually starts collapsing , i 'll take note . 
  but for now , it 's just people speculating that something might happen and that that something might lead to other problems . 
  it makes me sad . 
  i also blame it entirely on nick clegg , this is coming from a liberal democrat supporter who 'll probably vote lib dem in 2015 . 
  the electorate loves a good chance to stuck two fingers up at politicians , this can bee seen in just about every by-election ever and eu elections and also here , in the referendum . 
  because the av-referendum was basically `` look , here 's nick clegg 's big policy thing !, 
  do you know what would really ruin nick clegg 's day ? 
  do you know how angry you are at him for that whole tuitions fees nonsense and for allowing the conservatives to get power ? 
  well , you know what to do . '' . 
  yeah , if the lib dems had been more popular when they had the av referendum , things might have actually worked out . 
  the lib dems would not have been so massively unpopular if he had n't made that stupid ` persona pledge ' about tuition fees . 
  he ruined the uk 's chances of electoral reform for another near-century because of that . 
  also i kind of blame the electorate and the media for buying so completely into the `` we hate nick clegg '' thing that chances for electoral reform were ruined . 
  there were obviously a lot of people who did n't like it for good reasons , such as being sceptical of any sort of change in the uk 's ancient institutions , but i have a feeling that the av-referendum might have passed had it not been for the fuck up of the whole thing . 
  i mean , it might not have , it probably would have been close . 
  yeah , that 's basically where i stand . 
  define client ... 
  i 'm using safari and am on a mac, 
  i guess , but perhaps he 's only learned how to say `` sorry i do n't speak x '' in the eu 's 20 odd other languages , and has n't gotten around to english yet because he does n't think it 's as an important language as the one 's he 's already learned . 
  or maybe he 's just a very busy guy , as most politicians are and he just does n't have the time to learn how to say singular phrases in any language . 
  i do n't want to start pretending like i know anything about this man . 
  i know nothing and so until some harder evidence comes into place , i 'm not gon na assume he was actually doing anything . 
  innocent until * proven * guilty . 
  i do n't think there 's enough proof here currently . 
  i think the mep ( assuming he 's innocent ) knows enough english to know he 's being accused of something , but not enough to retaliate appropriately . 
  additionally , i have no idea how long that journalist was following him , i 'd be a bit peeved if some italian started following me around my place of work for 20 minutes talking at me in an aggressive tone and shoving a microphone in my face . 
  perhaps i would start getting quite stern with him . 
  probably would n't let things get violent , but then maybe this mep is also just a bit of a loose cannon . 
  there 's a lot of alternative possibilities . 
  i keep trying to connect and it just starts loading , forever . 
  this is n't all that uncommon . 
  spain invades gibraltar 's territorial water every so often ( months to maybe over a year ) and then the coast guard usually comes and tells them to bugger off . 
  ~ ~ i disagree . 
  it is above the eu 's competencies to dictate how education should be done , but it is most definitely within the eu 's competency to only support certain things . 
  the eu could support education without supporting nationalism in education . ~ ~ edit : sorry , thought this was a different thread . 
  still , it 's not above the eu 's competencies . 
  the eu ca n't force member states to do things they do n't agree to ( at least in this area ) but it can coerce . 
  soft power and soft law are the favoured instruments of the eu and i love to see them used . 
  * research and innovation i 'm hoping the european space agency gets merged with the european union . 
  oh that would make me so happy . 
  yeah , i do n't personally see education as a means of passing on heritage . 
  i mean , it can be and it often is , but i do n't think it necessarily should be . 
  i 'd much prefer that education be about educating people and not about passing on a narrative of giving a europe or [ insert nationality here ] centric view . 
  just teach the important facts in what ever subject and let the students make their minds up . 
  to be honest i was running out of hateful and hated figures to use for examples . 
  there 's not that many and i could n't just use right wingers and fascists . 
  alex salmond 's alright . 
  he has some good points even if i do n't actually agree with his argument . 
  it 's just the way he talks that irritates me . 
  something about it ticks me off . 
  like i say , it 's a decent cause . 
  what he stands for is ok , even if i do n't agree it 's best but i find him personally a little irritating . 
  given that farage is n't that personally irritating ( so long as you keep him away from european politicians ) so i would say salmond and farage are broadly comparable . 
  but they are merely comparable and salmond is definitely the nicest of the bunch . 
  he still pisses me off though, 
  it 's not an advantage . 
  denying certain points of view representation is never a good thing . 
  this is democracy . 
  every one gets represented . 
  i do n't care if you 're a fascist , you get to vote and your vote should count just as much as mine . 
  yes fptp keeps out fringe groups like the bnp and ukip which to many people is a good thing . 
  but you 're denying people their bloody representation in government . 
  how would you feel if a moderate party you support could n't get representation because the political system was full of right wing nationalists and authoritarian communists ? 
  you 'd feel pretty pissed at the political system , would n't you ? 
  well that 's exactly what you 're saying is ok when you say that this is an advantage of the fptp system . 
  every one 's vote should count as equally as possible . 
  last point . 
  do you know how many governments have actually won a majority of the votes since 1945 ? 
  well , given that to form a government in the uk you need a majority of the seats in parliament , you would expect that most of the uk governments post 1945 have a majority of the votes . 
  well you 'd be wrong . 
  only one government got a majority of the vote since 1945 and that is the current government , because we have a coalition and the vastly underrepresented liberal democrats get tons more votes than they do mps/seats . 
  that 's a fucking outrage . 
  how can you command democratic legitimacy if only 40 % of the people voted for you ? 
  and yes , it 's very common for the ruling party to get less than 40 % of the vote . 
  as far as every one 's vote having an equal say , that 's not doing a very good job . 
  yeah , in case it 's not blatantly obvious i 'm heavily pro electoral reform in the uk . 
  edit : just checked again on wikipedia , the last time a uk government got a majority of the vote was in [ 1931 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_1931 ), 
  did n't hollande use to be part of the socialist party of france ?
