  * that said * i have never found a good france joke on reddit apart from in two or three subs ( / r/unitedkingdom and / r/britishproblems ) . 
  on a lot of the internet it is literally lol french surrender wwi and wwii lol which is repetitive , boring and stupid . 
  but a lot of british people will manage to fit it into a conversation in a way you just could not see coming , and you laugh more at the ingenuity of the design of the joke than the lul french bit of the joke , although that bit is still humorous in the sense that shitty knock nock jokes are funny . 
  tl ; dr : british humour is complicated and weird . 
  so you ca n't speak anything aside from portuguese and english ? 
  this will significantly limit the kinds of jobs you can do . 
  you 'll probably be stuck mostly in the uk ( or what 's left of it ) , ireland , maybe malta and certain jobs in the nordic countries and netherlands . 
  it 'll certainly be a world away from what you 're used to , unless you want to go to portugal or potentially spain , but i imagine that wo n't be different enough and you will have a very difficult time finding work there . 
  hehe you think that rebellion meant anything between britain and france ? 
  that was the international equivalent of sleeping with someone else to get back at your ex/spouse . 
  there was quite a big kurdish protest in my town yesterday . 
  i was quite surprise . 
  i did n't think there were that many of them here . 
  when the isis situation start there was a pro-iraqi one as well with banners like `` iraqi = !, 
  terrorist ! '', 
  and so on . 
  french martians , they 're the worst . 
  when britain leaves the eu i need to be able to cross the channel as fast so that i can get to germany and make an asylum application , where they 're constitutionally bound to accept it ( or something ) . 
  then i live my life happily with eu citizenship . 
  i do n't know why you waited until literally the minute i removed your post , but i 'll reapprove the submission, 
  sorry , but this submission has been removed . 
  if op comes forward with an appropriate source then it can be approved again, 
  can we get a source for this ? 
  one post has had to be removed already today for being incredibly poorly sourced . 
  if a source does n't appear soon , i will have to remove this submission . 
  sorry , but this submission has been removed due to being poorly sourced ( [ as per rule three of this subreddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) ) . 
  if one looks at the original thread , that has thankfully been linked to by op / u/anarchtea , one can see that after the creator of the map realised he has not included an entire eu member states ( and then hastily uses the fill tool ) he does not change the statistics accordingly . 
  maybe they got it right on their second attempt , but that 's not quite good enough unless a more comprehensive break down is provided . 
  it might be good enough for / r/mapporn and a fair amount of their content is really good , but we try and ensure that all of the content on / r/europe adheres to basic standards . 
  now kiss !, 
  you know 35 is bigger than 29 and that decrease means `` to become smaller '' ? 
  but you said it has decreased from 29 % unemployment , which to me sounds like a * rise * rather than a fall . 
  literally the only reason i am supporting the hs2 project is because its final destination is at sheffield ( until some hypothetical hs3 gets discussed a century from now ) . 
  i was hoping for the video of the british army driving their tank through a mcdonald 's drive `` thru '' which was caught on cctv . 
  unfortunately my tank was attached the back of a lorry :(, 
  no , the other eagle is just awful . 
  it looks like it is suffering from cholera or the plague , where as this one just looks like it is a bit sad . 
  what exactly am i supposed to be looking at ? 
  this post has been removed due to editorialising the title . 
  you may submit the link again with an appropriate title which reflects accurately what the linked submission says and i hope you will not try and bend others words in future , especially on such a sensitive topic . 
  let 's try and be civil with one another , please . 
  calling each other stupid and arguing tit-for-tat is demeaning for both of you . 
  well , when i was driving from sheffield ( where i live ) to london ( where i do n't ) we saw a tank on the m1 , once . 
  so sometimes you see things !, 
  i would like to see eurosceptics accommodated more within the european project . 
  i mean , the project ca n't go on if it alienates huge swathes of the population , but it just feels like there is no way to do so . 
  it 's like having a chamber filled with monarchists and republicans . 
  you are * never * going to be able to find a compromise on the issues those two groups find important , because they 're ideologically opposed . 
  i wish it was n't so . 
  but yours feels more consistent !, 
  with mine you can just see that i went straight to visit berlin , munich , auschwitz and amsterdam , [ edit : and gothenburg , ] which are n't really known for being representative of their countries ( no capital city is ) . 
  at least if you drive through you get to * see * ordinary people who do n't live in the capitals . 
  [ this thread makes me feel so bad about how little of the world i have seen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vdpfg6p.png ), 
  i think for the purpose of colouring in the map , i would be * slightly * more liberal . 
  i mean , one does n't travel in order to get somewhere , one travels for the * journey * and the * experience of travelling * . 
  i think if you happen to have stopped somewhere and spent at least three hours there ( not including travelling through on a car or train ) then you can colour it in . 
  well , personally i see them as consistent , but in retrospect maybe i should have used a more repcise term . 
  most of the countries fluctuate within a given norm , going both up and down , where as the graph for europe wide elections only goes down ( due to the influence of new members ) . 
  for a few of them they 're actually rising compared with the previous election . 
  and yeah , 40 % and 45 % is n't great , but it 's also very average for a second order election ( which is any election other than for the national leader or parliament , e.g. 
  welsh assembly and local councils ) . 
  would you recommend getting rid of local councils just because they do n't have very high turnouts , or removing the scottish parliamentary just because only around 50 % turnout ? 
  i need to not remind you as well , that in uk elections only about 60 % of people turnout . 
  anyway , i 'll admit that broadly you have a point , turnout is low and is part of a trend downwards , but i disagree with how severe the implications of the ep 's turnout is , and how significant the downwards trend is leading me further to question whether anything significant can be drawn from this `` lack of public support '' given that the trend for downwards support is n't very significant and turnout itself is n't much lower than in a lot of national elections and about in line with most other second order elections . 
  at worst , the turnout was 0.5 % lower than the year before . 
  additionally , turnout in european elections remains quite consistent over time , but the additions of new member state that have generally lower turnouts , which is why the general turnout in europe wide elections appears downwards , because every five years or so since the ep has been around has seen new member states . 
  well , it is n't always that stable . 
  we used to have a fair amount of fighting amongst ourselves . 
  a majority of of europeans who turned out to vote did in fact not vote for a nationalist and/or eurosceptic party . 
  it would be counter democratic to hold their opinion in higher esteem than the * very large * europhile majority which the european people voted for . 
  i mean just [ look at the european parliament broken down into different political parties ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sbumxji.png ) . 
  everything in between s/d and the epp is avidly pro european , and quite a few of the `` others '' and `` independents '' are pro european . 
  we should make a solution which is more acceptable to eurosceptics in the future , but unfortunately those who are eurosceptic generally will not accept much compromise and in the absence of any ability to compromise we must follow what the majority want , which is more europe and not less , as proved by the election results . 
  so yes , there are a lot more eurosceptics in the european parliament than before , but there is still a clear pro eu majority and the eurosceptics are unwilling to compromise so if you 're following a democratic argument you have to concede that we must do what the majority want , which is europe . 
  try being more specific and.saying what country . 
  there 's no eu laws on this that i am aware of maybe even try / r/eulaw, 
  we could eliminate all murder , torture and animal cruelty on the planet forever using one simple solution , kill all the humans . 
  this would lead to an slight initial jump in the murder rate , depending on how figures are collected , but it would more than make up for itself over time in lack of murders . 
  why the quotes ? 
  they 're not necessarily my police :p, 
  do you know what sort of laws it would deal with ? 
  i 'm assuming only eu laws , but surely that would be mostly limited to things like companies violating health and safety regulations , and there 's already a good way to deal with member states not enforcing those regulations , which is to have the european court of justice fine the member state for non-compliance . 
  seems like the eu is taking a dramatic step forwards in any case . 
  having an actual eu body which administers a service is a huge change , as opposed to the normal modes operandi which is to have member states do it , but perhaps with the eu facilitating co-operation . 
  edit : i just did some reading on it , and something else interesting is that all heads of member states ' governments need to assent to the creation of the public prosecutor in order for it to come into existence . 
  that means david cameron and other eurosceptics assented to it , which is interesting . 
  so , what does this thing actually do ? 
  i understand that it 's supposed to prosecute for violations of eu law , but what 's specific to this organisation which makes it more effective than allowing the courts in member states to do it ? 
  the thing is , the song is about peace and fraternity amongst peoples and so on , but what 's the point of singing for peace , but the eu is an organisation which was constructed for the cause of peace . 
  it 's not like politics exists in some abstract world . 
  the things ode an die freude is about are the very same things the eu is about . 
  we should n't be afraid of acknowledging the politics of what we consider to be ordinary things . 
  oh god , i forgot that we might appear in / r/all quick , everyone , stop upvoting things . 
  we do n't want the rest of reddit to find us !, 
  better yet , use video games to learn italian !, 
  find ones with dubs or subs ( steam is very good for this ) and play them in your target language  you get to learn and play !, 
  it 's a very good immersion technique, 
  i do now . 
  and now i also feel stupid . 
  english people are also quite famous for their siesta 's .
