  you could n't be more specific about who you 're actually talking to , could you ? 
  their background could be extremely important and even if you think they 're not very well know , we do have wikipedia on hand . 
  general questions : * `` where do you see the eu heading in 20 , 30 , 40 years ' time ? 
  * `` where would you like the eu to be in 20 , 30 , 40 years ' time ? '', 
  * `` do you think the eu should be democratically reformed ? '', 
  * `` how do you think the eu should be democratically reformed ? '', 
  * `` do you see the eu expanding in the near or long term future ? '', 
  * `` what new eu states do you see the eu expanding into , when and why ? '', 
  * `` do you think the eu is too bureaucratic and do you think something should be done ? '', 
  * `` what do you think should be done with environmental policy ? '', 
  i would n't bother ( personally ) asking about the eurocrisis . 
  they 'll have answers to deflect that question on hand , and even if they do give you a straight answer it 'll be so complicated and jargon filled that nobody will understand it example of something which is relatively hard to understand ( note , it is entirely fictional ) : ^ ( `` the ebc plans to bring the crisis to a close in an exponential curve downwards . 
  this will be achieved with debt mutualisation techniques such as has been tried by the bos . 
  more specifically this will be used with the creation of the debt mutualisation pact , written in accordance to the article 1.002 of the lisbon treaty and with reference to precedents established under the pact of bonn . 
  the president of the ecb and the council of the european union and the president of the european commission shall meet together to discuss sovereign debt obligational *** blahblahblah *** '' ) i 'm not knowledgable enough in jargon to make this as hard as i 'd like to understand . 
  the euro crisis is a big issue and everything , but it gets enough coverage as is , and whilst it 's important and everything , no one really wants to more about it . 
  well , at least i do n't . 
  what 's really interesting to me is the democratic deficit and the future of the eu in terms of federalisation . 
  these things are definitely touched upon in the press , but not with nearly as much coverage as the euro crisis and when it is discussed ( in uk press ) it 's normally because of ukip which means the coverage is inherently , odd . 
  this might have been an overkill response . 
  i would have liked to keep it shorter , but i hope it was of use to you anyway . 
  i 'd love to find out who these policy makers are and what they said . 
  i 'm not gon na pick up specifically on why i think you 're wrong , but i am going to say that it is a very bold claim to say that things now have suddenly changed . 
  i would argue that history offers an explanation . 
  every time communication speed was dramatically increased with things like messenger pigeons , telegrams , the railway , telephones , planes , roads . 
  however languages have continued to diverge even with these new ways to interact and keep our languages uniform . 
  you 're making a very bold claim . 
  be aware of that . 
  in no particular order : paris amsterdam london rome vienna it 's a generic list i know , but there really is n't anywhere like these places on the planet . 
  they all attract wildly different people for wildly different reason and thus have very different atmospheres . 
  where as i think brussels and strasbourg might be very nice and if i could extend my list they 'd definitely be included , i do n't think they 're quite as unique as the others . 
  i might as well include my full bucket list here anyway : the already mentioned five , brussels , strasbourg , berlin , moscow , krakow , dublin , edinburgh , belfast , stockholm . 
  i 'm missing out some spectacular places like barcelona and athens , but i know i 'm missing out on them . 
  it 's just that i know i could die happy without having ever been to them , where as i 'm not quite so sure about some of the others . 
  maybe nordic can into anglosphere ... 
  they can english enough , and often english better than some britons . 
  ireland has already into anglosphere . 
  maybe netherlands too ? 
  but france can not into equality for gays . 
  britain can into most equal place in europe . 
  even more than scandinavia . 
  we are of deserving place in glorious scandinavian utopia . 
  not with silly backwards french who can not even into language equality . 
  britain can into language equality !, 
  in london , language is so equal they made a new one of out hieroglyphs so that we can all understand just as bad !, 
  can britain into nordic too ? . . 
  populism ? 
  i see what your saying , but i think you only have a point because i left my wording too vague . 
  yes it is a ban , in the same way we ban things unhygienic alcohols because they 're not safe . 
  it 's not a ban on alcohol , just unsafe alcohol . 
  you 'll still be able to use oil dispensers , there 's just certain restrictions on some dispensers for the benefit of the consumer and the seller . 
  the point is , you 'll still be able to pour olive oil onto your food which is pretty dramatically different to all the headlines which state something different . 
  i 'm still gon na withhold judgement on this . 
  it sounds like the legislation is being drafted to solve a problem and i have no idea how bad this problem is . 
  perhaps it is worth it , perhaps it is not . 
  i 'm not gon na judge on this one . 
  i liked it anyway , 
  to be fair , there 's a difference between the headline  eu to ban refillable olive oil jugs and dipping bowls and what the article says they 're actually doing  from 1 january 2014 , restaurants may only serve olive oil in tamper-proof packaging , labelled to eu standards so now all of a sudden it 's not a ban , but simply something put there to improve hygiene standards . 
  also , the bbc seems to be using the daily telegraph as its source , so i 'd still be a little skeptical . 
  do i think they have better things to be doing with their time ? 
  yes , but i also acknowledge that making sure standards across the eu are the same is basically the eus job . 
  this is the first thing i thought when i glanced at the headline and saw it was from the telegraph . 
  it might well turn out this is just a stupid euromyth , like many others in the past . 
  it might not , but i 'm going to withhold judgement . 
  we 'll change our relationship status on facebook imminently :p, 
  i think that if you hold a particular view point , you 're more likely to support a party which holds that viewpoint if you 're more right wing , you 're more likely to vote conservative than if you were left wing . 
  if you are anti austerity , you 're probably more likely to vote labour . 
  if you 're pro europe , you 're probably more likely to vote liberal democrat . 
  non of these are definite `` if you think this , then you will do this '' . 
  you 're simply more like to do the thing if you hold that view point , it 's not a definite . 
  so if you 're eurosceptic , you 're more like to vote conservative or ukip than if you did n't . 
  however , if you were eurosceptic * and * left wing , then i guess they cancel each other out . 
  different parties have different polices and thus entice different voters  yeah it seems like different people from the uk give different reactions to being associated as european . 
  it 's almost as if we 're a nation filled with 60,000,000 different people :p i would n't listen to closely to my views on being associated with europe . 
  i love it . 
  i think that it shows that others with less bias ( bias achieved by being a part of british society ) see us the way we are , which is of europe . 
  perhaps they ( and i ) see it wrong , but i like to think the outsider point of view further validates my own . 
  i also like to think that if my point of view is true , it as good implications for the future , such as further political cooperation of the eu . 
  personally i never mind because that is the view i also take personally . 
  however those who disagree with me on that , might dislike americans making that subconscious observation . 
  i might find it interesting to talk to them about all the pecularities in the distinctions of europe ( european continent , european council , european union , not in europe completely but there is a little corner , in europe but not happy about it , in europe but maybe leaving , ect ) but i doubt they 'd want to listen . 
  personally i do n't mind americans calling europe one country/entity . 
  from my point of view , it sort of is what with the council of europe , and the european union . 
  i 'd like them to acknowledge some of the differences , but i really do n't mind . 
  i 'm trying !, 
  fuck you too !, 
  there 's a discrepancy between what the people want and what the high ranking politicians want . 
  there 's seldom been an anti eu head of government and seldom an anti eu leader of one of the three main political parties . 
  even the mps are far more pro european than the electorate . 
  so to say that `` britain/the british are pro europe '' is a bit of an over statement . 
  i think on the whole the population is , but also the eurosceptics have been almost completely unrepresented in parliament . 
  there have been some rather more extreme people who 've proposed that the breaking down of larger european countries is a necessity or at least would be very useful , because otherwise some states just dominate smaller ones . 
  for instance , if france , uk , germany and poland all agree on something , the whole european union has to go by it because they hold a majority of the population . 
  personally i think it would be nice , but it 's for those places to decide of they want to be devolved . 
  if they do n't , they can be a huge eu state , if so , they can break down themselves into their smaller regions like the uk countries and the german l\u00e4nder . 
  to be fair , it 's probably right i was caught out . 
  i spend far too long deliberating over whether to use one `` d '' or two . 
  then onto worrying if i 'd spelled mercury right . 
  and stephen fry . 
  of course we also used to have freddy mercury of queen , which must certainly earn as a percentage point or three .
