  so we can take advantage of the fact that such technologies today are almost infinitely cheaper . 
  so the costs associated with a like-for-like reproduction of the apollo programme would be significantly lower than at the time . 
  they would still be significant , but nowhere near the original sum . 
  additionally : this is n't a version of the iss either . 
  the incoming esa chief has said already that he intends the project to largely be a cost-saving exercise which will make minimal use of humans and large use of robots , which are much more cost effective in space ( as philea and curiosity have clearly demonstrated ) . 
  so the costs would be significant , but they 're not trying to re-create the iss . 
  it 'll be much more minimal than that . 
  and the project will likely be making use of co-operation with the other space agencies like nasa and maybe even the russian , chinese and indian equivalents . 
  another aspect of esa worth considering is the fact that it is a european body , rather than a national body , which means that there are no arms concerns effecting this . 
  organisations like nasa are largely funded for military purposes and the apollo programmes are largely side projects ( they were developed as a sub set of the missile race , which was a subset of the cold war , rather than any sort of altruistic love for humanity ) . 
  all of the money which goes to the esa goes towards general purpose space development . 
  non of its money goes towards benefiting the military industrial complex . 
  so in this sense esa is much more cost effective than other space agencies . 
  tl ; dr : a ) things are cheaper now than they were then b ) it 's not actually as difficult as other projects like the iss which we 've already done c ) we 'll be making use of robots to limit costs d ) we 'll be working with other space agencies to share costs and expertise e ) the esa is much more cost effective than other space agencies , meaning that comparisons with non esa projects are always going to give a worse impression than is real . 
  in conclusion : yes , it will be expensive , but the whole point of this project in the eyes of the incoming esa director is to demonstrate that manned and unmanned space exploration is economically viable . 
  he 's been stressing this the whole run up to his term in office . 
  there 's a whole raft of things which are going to be deployed to make sure this is viable in comparison to other projects and i have a certain amount of faith in the new director to make his commitments come true . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at . 
  the philosophy papers allow for a great deal of lateral thinking . 
  you can can argue for almost any points of view on any subject ( and i have seen people argue for almost every point of view i imagined possible ) and still get incredibly high marks if they argue it properly , by making points , backing them up with examples and explanations and demonstrating how they fit in with other key ideas and what other key thinkers might have thought of them . 
  it 's really not very much based on the text book at all . 
  the esa is already the second best funded space organisation on the planet after only nasa . 
  i do n't think they 'll need more funds . 
  they 'll just try and redistribute the funds they 've already got, 
  they actually mention aliens in the video . 
  we gon na go oppress some bacteria !, 
  yeah the mars comments were basically a `` no we have no plans to go to mars '' but the moon comments were much more substantial . 
  the new german director has been signalling his interest in a moon base for quite some time and he really seems set on the idea . 
  there 's a quote of him enthusiastically supporting it everything i read about him , so maybe , just maybe , esa will actually do a moon base, 
  so you 've made a new account now to get around the ban ? 
  notice the `` parts of some '' phrase . 
  he 's very much separating the extremists from the majority of ordinary muslims , which is fine . 
  he 's not blaming islam , nor is he even bringing culture into it . 
  there is room for a critique of parts of islamic society in the uk and europe , it 's just that it has to be done in a non xenophobic way . 
  cameron is very much trying to toe that line and he seems to be doing it correctly . 
  i just hope the policies that willeventually come from this do n't go further, 
  i would n't exactltly call pe high brow . 
  they 're more up their own arses than anything else . 
  they 've got somewhat of society right to be because they 're good at what they do , but they toot their own horn so much ( there 's not a single issue i 've read where they do n't mention how something they predicted came true ) . 
  i think their self aggrandizement makes them seem better than they are which makes them seem high brow when quite often they 're just a little bit obtuse, 
  hmm that 's true . 
  a comparison of the economist with other periodicals would be appropriate . 
  i ca n't really talk about le observateur because my french is n't really good enough to read high level french papers like that on a regular basis ( i can sort of manage le monde with a dictionary and * a lot * of time ) . 
  i 'd say that der spiegel and the economist have a great deal in common . 
  i often describe der spiegel as a slightly more left wing and german version of the economist . 
  but i think the economist is still the more respected of the two , because the economist is strictly a politics paper and is strictly marketed at executives whilst spiegel is a lot more broad , and features a lot of society stuff . 
  i personally prefer der spiegel because it 's a bit more broad and a bit less focused on markets but that also means it 's a bit more `` wobbly '' and uncertain of itself or its target audience and is therefore less well respected . 
  i 'm not a big reader of zeit but from what i 've seen i think the same criticisms of spiegel apply . 
  the economist has a very specific group it 's targeting at the top of society whilst zeit is a lot broader . 
  one of the economist 's slogans was `` never has something so good been read by so few for so long '' it even blows other uk periodicals out of the water in terms of readership . 
  the new statesman and the spectator are the left and right wing ( respectively ) responses to the economist in the uk but they 've just never managed to write as good as the economist does . 
  i like these periodicals , but their essays are often long for their own sake and they quite often lack a real analysis or * raison d'etre * . 
  it 's often just opinion for opinion 's sake , rather than saying something worth while . 
  where as the economist always has a really interesting take on world events which is backed up by excellent information . 
  so yeah , even though it 's not the periodical i read the most ( that 's spiegel and the statesman for me ) it 's still probably the highest quality paper on the market . 
  yeah exactly . 
  this is why i like philosophy . 
  i mean , i 'm extremely confident in my social democrat and atheist beliefs , but i can also totally understand why people believe what they believe and i know that there are weak points in my own beliefs too , that people from the other side just ca n't accept . 
  once you 've been forced to really empathise and understand another point of view it just gives you that sense of humility that you ca n't get any other way . 
  if you 're writing at the top level , it 'll be between three and four pages with a computer . 
  edit : if you want examples , here 's the papers i wrote for a similar exam called `` ideologies '' on [ liberalism ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0b-dobuirjamqzghwnjdju19rutbsyxn5ry1zx3llytvpmhg0&amp;authuser=0 ) and one on [ socialism ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0b-dobuirjamqzvdtt1r2q0d4uzhwvevqtta1bhhwoe9qnwf3&amp;authuser=0 ) . 
  this exam is a 50/50 split between knowledge and understanding , where as the ordinary philosophy exams require almost no knowledge marks at all ( although you obviously have to be knowledgable ) . 
  still , it 's the best example i have to hand , 
  has sweden banned a party before in the last 50 years ? 
  oh that 's a point - i guess there was the government shut down around that period . 
  * but * that seems like much more of an american thing than a european one . 
  i mean , america has a huge tradition of government shut downs because of divided government ( happened twice under the clinton administration , for example ) but european countries usually do n't have this problem because we fuse our legislatures ( parliaments/congress ) with the executives ( prime ministers/presidents ) so that divided government can never happen . 
  i mean , in the uk if a government ca n't pass a budget , then the government is dissolved and new elections are held . 
  in the us everything just shuts down ( and both sides refuse to compromise ) . 
  so it 'd be a very odd critique for the economist to be making, 
  it 's actually one of the highest quality newspapers you can buy . 
  it 's certainly ` above ' the normal european dailies like * the times * , * le monde * and * frankfurter allgemeine * . 
  it 's sort of like a more political , and somewhat more in depth , version of the * financial times * . 
  i actually think the images are a really great feature , because of what they represent of the newspaper 's journalistic style . 
  they do n't believe in sticking just to the piles upon piles of text . 
  a lot of the best info-graphics that get posted to / r/europe are actually from the economist , because they really * get * the value of explaining information visually and the front covers are a part of that . 
  it 's just that tabloids like the sun tend to give visualisations a bad name simply by association ( although if you look at some of their political photoshopping , it is actually quite funny and on point for the message they 're trying to get across ) . 
   america turns european what was the commentary behind this one ? 
  i do n't remember anything happening in the us in 2013 which could be described as being particularly european . 
  was it something to do with the run up to the mid terms ? 
  good . 
  a bit less excitement in the politics of italy would be very beneficial, 
  just fyi there 's nothing wrong with acknowledging that islamic extremism exists . 
  it 's just that the mods remove stuff that says islam = isis or `` all muslims want to blow people up ! '', 
  or `` does anybody else think we should deport/imprison/execute muslims based purely on their religion ? '', 
  nobody denies that extremism exists and cameron 's somewhat pointed out the obvious . 
  saying that `` there is extremism in some communities '' is about as substantial as saying `` some muslim communities quietly condone communism '' it 's probably true , but he 's not making any sort of quantitative statement about the numbers or proportion which makes it almost meaningless, 
  marks are the points which are awarded . 
  each year , for each exam there 'll usually be 100 marks available . 
  so if your question has 50 marks it 'll make up about half of the entire course . 
  i was talking to someone who did the social sciences major at a gymnasium but even then , doing the most philosophy friendly course possible , the philosophy still only consisted of a couple of weeks, 
  tbf : gcse is only for 16 year olds , but the french baccalaureate is for school leavers at the age of 18 from what i understand . 
  so the uk equivalent would be a-levels , which as i 've explained in another post ( as someone who 's done a-level philosophy ) are basically at the same level . 
  edit : if you want to see what the a-level questions are like [ look no further ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tsgfs ) . 
  as you can see , it 's a little bit harder than a multiple choice question on `` i think therefore i am '', 
  yeah that 's not really like re in the uk . 
  it 's taught relatively well here . 
  they try and split their time between the major world religions ( christianity , islam , budhism , jewdaism , ect ) with a bit more time being dedicated to christianity.its also taught by notmal teachers who have to adhere to a national corriculum rather than anybody whose church appointed ( that would be incredibly strange here ) . 
  re teachers are quite often religious , but they have to teach impartially and they generally do a good job at it . 
  it 's quite a nice subject from what i understand , although i was home educated for that period so i ca n't speak from experience .
