  logical reasoning is n't the strong point of xenophobes . 
  i mean , they already caricature an entire country of millions of people as having one opinion . 
  if we removed the flair , they 'd just assume that everyone who had certain opinions was greek/etc . 
  at least under the current system people from their countries ( and who are easily identifiable as being from other countries ) can jump in and help , which ruins the xenophobes argument . 
  secondly , people who do n't want to be identified with a particular region or country do n't have to be . 
  they can use an eu flair or use no flair at all . 
  so , those are just my initial points of view, 
  with the ` he should be in the labour party ' bit : you 've got to keep in mind that labour can be very authoritarian . 
  they introduced anti-social behaviour orders ( asbos ) which can be handed out for literally anything . 
  plus , they wanted to be able to detain people got weeks ( or maybe months , ca n't remember ) without trial and without telling them why . 
  they also presided over the rolling out of cctv in the uk and probably set up gchq along with it . 
  the liberal democrats opposed all of that . 
  a labour party led by corbyn , burnham or cooper would have all these problems . 
  plus , the lib dems are unrepentantly pro eu , where as all the other parties are at best lukewarm and at worst avidly in favour of leaving . 
  also , lib dems have a clear conscions on iraq and syria , where as labour has never apologised for it ( although corbyb will , if he becomes leader ) . 
  those are excellent concise descriptions . 
  you could go places, 
  what do progressives stand for ? 
  i thought they were just essentially a mix between liberals and socialists , which is essentially what social democrats are ( e.g. 
  german sdp , british labour party , french spcialist party , etc ), 
   for all the crap that other flaired users get , they usually do n't run into problems regarding `` you 're not european you ca n't post this . '', 
  russians and britons get this . 
  i think you 've touched on a good point , but your application would have been far stronger if you had pitched yourself as a user who 's discriminated against , rather than an american user who 's discriminated against . 
  it 's good that you 've raised it as an issue, 
  if i 've got time later i 'll have a quick search and try to find you some examples . 
  as for what can be done : i think you 've got to look at a mod 's role not only as somebody who removes content , but somebody who provides the parameters in which discussion can take place . 
  there 's things we can do to set the tone and incentivise certain ways of communicating over other kinds . 
  for example : we can create scheduled threads such as `` what happened in your country this week '' and we can make megathreads such as the grisis megathreads . 
  megathreads do n't always involve the filtering out of content from the rest of the subreddit . 
  usually they 're there to supplement the rest of the subreddit and provide a focal point . 
  but aside from creating specific threads ( and the influence of these threads are not to be underrated ) we can also subtly tweak the subreddit css to alter behaviour , especially by making the upvote/downvote buttons invisible or make a warning pop up when you mouse over , etc. 
  this can have a huge effect on the kinds of content which gets upvoted/downvoted , which spurs further change as people become accustomed to the new sorts of popular content and try to imitate it . 
  we can also do things to the vote counters , such as making it invisible for longer ( or permanently ) . 
  we could even add deltas , like / r/changemyview does . 
  in fact , i personally am toying with the idea of providing regular discussion threads for specific events and issues which uses / r/changemyview 's deltas . 
  so , there 's a range of things we can do to make this place better , and i think that we 'll tentatively experiment with some of them once we 've added more mods and have the many power to do it . 
  it 'll take time , but rome was n't built in a day , and nor will this subreddit 's quality rise over night . 
  but it will rise , if i get my way . 
  i think there certainly is animosity towards americans on the subreddit . 
  i find that sad and wish it would stop . 
  ** however ** it 's nowhere near as bad as any of the animosity which any other flaired user gets . 
  i 'm literally a moderator of this subreddit and a huge europhile and i 've been accused of euroscepticism at times because of my british flair . 
  and that 's without getting started on greeks and russians . 
  they have it by far the worst . 
  so i think that / r/europe has a problem with xenophobia in general , and discussions can quite often become derailed or toxic because some users are prejudiced against other users based on their flair . 
  discussing something with another user and then saying `` well you would say that , you 're [ insert nationality ] ! '', 
  or `` yeah , trust the [ nationality ] to think [ insert opinion ] ! '', 
  is never helpful and is far more prevalent than it should be . 
  so i think we could do with fighting xenophobia * in general * on the subreddit , but i see no reason to focus on americans . 
  they 're not carefully nor are they on purpose choosing their word to convey a propaganda message . 
  they were choosing their words deliberately to craft a good article , as i explained ( it was necessary to use the words `` with the police '' for later on in the article otherwise it would not have made sense ) . 
  editorialising, 
  if you pick this short section of dialogue from a much longer report and add a large amount of emphasis on the inclusion of just three words ( `` with the police '' ) then i agree it appears bias , but you can make anything appear bias if you shorten it down to a couple of minutes and focus on just three words . 
  as it stands , those three words are actually incredibly important for the rest of the report , which goes on to detail that the migrants and asylum seekers got rowdy because they thought the police were involved . 
  if you just said `` and then the migrants and asylum seekers got rowdy '' but omitted that the police were present when the woman fell onto the track , then the story makes no sense . 
  i do n't , no . 
  the bbc is one of the only impartial organisation that exists and it is essential in the fight against left and right wing extremism . 
  extremists have an incentive to discredit impartial news organisations because that makes extremist propaganda sound more believable ( because there are no other trust worthy sources which exist to discredit it ) . 
  i see the criticism here of the bbc as totally unjust , unfair and driven by an agenda rather than by real events . 
  that 's why i 'm defending the bbc here . 
  it did nothing wrong ( which you can see by reading all my other comments in this thread ) , has a good reputation and is essential for fighting ignorance and misinformation . 
  if the bbc really has a `` crazy left wing '' perspective then it should be easy to document ten cases . 
  the organisation has been around for almost 100 years , and the online site has been around for over a decade . 
  we 're talking about * proving * institutional bias across an organisation of at least tens of thousands of people . 
  ten articles is an * extremely low bar * to pass for proving something so serious . 
  just to clarify , you 're saying that the bbc implied something ( i.e. 
  they did not say it ) , from your perspective ? 
  which is definitely not a lie ? 
  that 's the main point i 'm trying to prove : that the bbc did n't lie and that , therefore , the op title is in fact entirely false . 
  secondly , if you pick this short section of dialogue from a much longer report and add a large amount of emphasis on the inclusion of just three words ( `` with the police '' ) then i agree it * appears * bias , but you can make * anything * appear bias if you shorten it down to a couple of minutes and focus on just three words . 
  as it stands , those three words are actually incredibly important for the rest of the report , which goes on to detail that the migrants and asylum seekers got rowdy because they thought the police were involved . 
  if you just said `` and then the migrants and asylum seekers got rowdy '' but omitted that the police were present when the woman fell onto the track , then the story makes no sense . 
  i actually said the exact opposite in this thread . 
   the bbc is fantastic and its by far the best there is . 
  tthere 've been mistakes in the past and there will be mistakes in the future , but it will continue being fantastic because the mistakes are so few and far between . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jimgg/bbc_lying_about_hungarian_police_as_an_immigrant/cupmlp2 it seems to me as though you just lied . 
  that lie being that the police said the police pushed the woman to the ground ( which is n't true ) ? 
  that 's what everybody in this thread seems to be saying , apart from the bbc journalist never says that the police pushed the woman to the ground . 
  he says that there was pushing and shoving and that the police were there ( which they were , and which is an incredibly relevant detail for the rest of the report which the op does n't show ) which is all true . 
  he never says it was the police which did it . 
  in fact , he never apportions any blame whatsoever . 
  so how is it a lie ? 
  source ? 
  edit : how can it be outright deception if the bbc journalist never even says that the it was the police that pushed the woman onto the track ? 
  at most it is implied ( and i do n't think it 's even implied , because the words which imply it are necessary context for later in the report ) , but if something 's implied then it 's hardly deception and it 's definitely not `` outright deception '' is it ? 
  you 're being hyperbolic, 
  how is it lying if the bbc never said it was the police that pushed her ? 
  the bbc journalist never says who pushed her to the ground . 
  a video which has a rogue hand on it and in which the woman is off screen for part of the time . 
  anyway , i do think that the man is mostly responsible for the woman ending up on the tracks . 
  my main argument is that i do n't think the bbc is lying because they do n't prescribe any blame to anybody for how the woman ended up on the tracks . 
  just that there was pushing and shoving . 
  i 'm not saying that i do n't think the man is mostly responsible for the woman ending up on the ground . 
  what i 'm saying is that the bbc did n't lie because a ) the bbc journalist does n't say who pushed the woman to the ground ( so he ca n't be lying about the police pushing the woman to the ground if he did n't and does n't deny it ) b ) there 's a rogue hand which appears on shot and the woman is not always in shot , which further confuses the matter . 
  basically , yes . 
  it looks a bit like an individual with a reporter trying to blur the facts if you look at this tiny piece of dialogue all by itself , but if you keep in mind the whole report then actually it makes perfect sense why he used the words he did . 
  it 's just people trying to shit on the bbc in my opinion . 
  okay that 's fine . 
  it 's just that the op says `` bbc lying ... '' which is what i take issue with . 
  i think that you 've got to keep in mind that this is a tiny piece of dialogue out of a much longer report .
