  you have all the answers it seems , why not give them to me ? 
  show me what you would do . 
  i 've said what i would . 
  the high court ca n't strike down government legislation , only apply it . 
  police or the home secretary will apply to have a particularly organisation banned and the supreme court will decide whether to allow it or not . 
  and the supreme court does n't have a lot of power of interpretation . 
  this new law will probably be very specific and give the supreme court justices no way to weasel out of it . 
  what they could have done , was declare it incompatible with the human rights act , which wouldnt have done anything , but then the european court of justice may suspend our membership of them , which would then suspend our eu membership . 
  but we 've already pledged to remove the human rights act which means if it goes to trial it will need to go all the way to strasbourg which will take many years and we 'll likely hve had the referendum by then . 
  you can see how all of the conservatives ' pledges are starting to fit together . 
  it 's hilarious even if you have read into it . 
  notwithstanding the fact that being intolerant of intolerance is still intolerant , that is not the argument theresa may used . 
  she 's saying that they do n't want extremists in our society , simply because they are extreme and they do n't fit and they do n't support our values . 
  now , that 's fair enough . 
  i do n't agree but it is a popular conservative point of view . 
  but then theresa may goes and uses britain 's culture of tolerance as an example of something which the extremists do n't support . 
  shes saying that extermists do n't fit into our society , whilst saying britain is a liberal society . 
  it 's * really * backwards . 
  a ) we ca n't help all of them , so we should help nobody ? 
  let 's at least help those we can . 
  i 'm not saying we should accept everyone . 
  there 's no danger of letting in small numbers . 
  b ) i do n't think it should be based on proximaty . 
  anybody should be able to apply from anywhere . 
  the only reason the med gets special treatment is because people are frequently risking their lives and dying tryin to get to safety in europe . 
  it makes it slightly more urgent than other areas , but our responsibility is still to all of humanity . 
  c ) i totally agree . 
  we should increase international aid to these countries and target it more affective ly to solve the problems at their root . 
  but there 's we should also try and save as many people as is reasonable in the mean time . 
  i think that answers all of your assertions pretty squarely . 
  theresa may ( the home secretary ) 's justification for this was hilarious : ` we should exclude extremists because they do not support our society 's values of personal freedom , tolerance and pluralism ' see if you can spot the hypocrisy in this sentence, 
  and i 'm saying that this is not an excuse for not fulfilling estonia 's obligations for humanitarian crises . 
  will refugees fit perfectly into society like a glove ? 
  of course not . 
  should you accept them anyway ? 
  definitely , because the problems they cause are so insignificant in comparison to the problems they 're facing . 
  i think you 're forgetting how long the war was . 
  i mean , the persecution of the jews in germany lasted approximately from 1932 to 1945 . 
  for the earlier asylum seekers it might have looked like they 'd never return , but a huge number of them suddenly did when the war was over ( and many went to israel ) . 
  i think a lot of the middle east today is similar . 
  it 's easy to describe the region as just endlessly at war , but europe looked like that from 1914 onwards . 
  i think one day we 'll suddenly surprised and a lot of the refugees will return, 
  it 's not europe 's job to deal with the entire world 's problems ** but ** it is our responsibility to do our fair share . 
  all nations in the world should make a contribution for humanitarian crises like these , and that means taking on a few refugees until the crisis situation in their countries simmers down, 
  basically all the belgian refugees to the uk in wwi moved back as soon a s the war ended . 
  they left almost no remnants in british society and they 're only notable for how little impact they had . 
  we 're talking about hundreds of thousands of people here . 
  this is just the one i can name off the top of my head, 
  some , these people should die in a war zone or because of government persecution rather than create a bit of unemployment in estonia ? 
  seems a just a little bit self centred . 
  if all of europe just says `` we do n't want you people weighing down our economies '' ( which is n't even sound economics , but whatever ) then we 're effectively condemning them all . 
  i think we can suffer a but if unemployment for the sake of saving a few hundred thousand lives . 
  i thought you guys were all the same person for quite second , and you 'd just accidentally commented the same thing multiple times , but nope . 
  about 7 germans all at once have the same idea ... 
  if that 's not ordnung , just do n't know what is, 
  of course they 're crap , but that 's like half the point of eurovision . 
  being crap 's never stopped any of the others from.winning, 
  a few individuals , who happened to be the democratic representatives of the people , who were elected with a huge majority . 
  the imgur link ( [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35pw98/pew_surveys_americans_german_on_the_usgerman/ ) ) . 
  it 's different websites , but fundamentally the same content underneath ( just demonstrated in a different way ) . 
  also , people can see the url in the imgur link quite clearly and go to the link you posted quite easily . 
  thanks for being so understanding . 
  how do they feel about the fact we have euro-parites ( epp , s&d , alde , etc ) but that parties on the national level campaign as if they all have nothing to do with their euro party ? 
  euro parties : how do they work ? 
  this is one of those questions that you * can * wikipedia the answer for , but it 's * much * more interesting if you get it from the lion 's mouth , because they put emphasis in all sorts of places that a wikipedia/news article just does n't . 
  lots of little details come out that you would n't expect . 
  also , how do they see euro-parties changing in the future ? 
  also : what role do communities play in the europarliament ? 
  to what extent do the offer real oversight ? 
  sorry but this has been delisted because it 's already on the front page . 
  i do n't know much about singapore . 
  i always thought that they were a democracy that just happened to continuously vote the same party in all the time ( mexico and south africa used to be democratic one party states too ) . 
  am i right with this ? 
  can someone with more knowledge about singapore chime in ? 
  i do n't reckon it will have changed that much . 
  i mean , the bnd affaire is bad , but it 's got nothing on the nsa personally hacking merkel 's phone . 
  today 's bnd affaire with the french and siemen 's is just more of the stuff we 've become used to . 
  i do n't think it 's like that . 
  modern germans do identify their germany has being distinctly different from the one which existed prior to 1945 ( as well they should ) but there 's an awful lot of cultural content in german media about the transmission of guilt , and how modern germany is responsible for it 's passt . 
  they even have the fancy word vergangenheitsbew\u00e4ltigung which roughly translates to * coming to terms with the/your past * . 
  so although germans do n't see their germany as the same one which hitler ruled over , they do see them as intrinsically linked . 
  so i think the reasons for germans not holding wwii as significant for us/de relations has other causes . 
  yeah , about half the time something about the uk is mentioned in german media ( or at least the german media i occasionally read : frankfurter allgemeine and spiegel ) it is pertaining to the uk complaining about the eu , or something which can be interpreted to that effect ( e.g. 
  rise of ukip ) . 
  if you 're a german and all you ever hear about the uk outside of harry potter movies is that they constantly want to distance themselves from you , then it does n't naturally engender a positive attitude . 
  there 's also iraq . 
  continental europe still has n't forgiven us for iraq . 
  we 've had absolutely no chance in eurovision since then . 
   also just going to point out the uk is n't pulling out of the echr it will still have the same position as a court of appeal , just the human rights act is going to be repealed and replaced with a new bill of rights that will probably be very similar . 
  a ) whilst the uk will still be a signatory to the echr , this means that court cases pertaining to the echr can not be heard in the united kingdom and must be taken to the strasbourg court . 
  this effectively means that most cases of human rights abuses will not be documented because the european court of human rights in strasbourg is so back logged that it can not deal with the cases it already has an very rarely takes up new ones . 
  b ) the `` british bill of rights '' will most likely * not * be similar to the current human rights act . 
  if the tories had no problem with the current act , why would the change it ? 
  additionally , cameron has pledged to remove the human rights act * within his first 100 days * of office and also to replace it immediately with a british bill of rights . 
  you are not going to be able to properly draft a sturdy bill of rights , or any piece of legislation , in the first 100 days . 
  not to mention that michael gove is now in charge of the ministry for justice , and he is known as one of the worst operators within a ministry on account of his inability to take advice from other others , a trait which would be very valuable considering michael gove has * no training in the law whatsoever * and almost every other justice secretary * ever * except for * one * other have had proper legal training . 
  a british bill of rights is going to be * far * worse than the document it is replacing and will likely not be worth the paper it is printed on . 
   i 'll second this , organized racial politics has never taken root in ireland , though you might get individual racist sentiments . 
  so long as you completely ignore northern ireland where they popularised a new word to describe the racial politics of that area : sectarianism . 
  there was also the ira and its modern day descendants which was active in the republic of ireland .
