  something being federal is not an inherent positive and it definitely should not be seen as such . 
  and voting is a big responsibility which requires the labourious undertaking of becoming a citizen . 
  interestingly i we do not have a right to vote as part of the [ european convention on human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights#article_11_-_association ) . 
  i had to check because i thought we did . 
  anyway , if you want to vote then become a citizen . 
  that is the right of a citizen and if you care enough about the country you 're staying in , then you should care enough to pass a citizenship test . 
  there 's no point getting angry about not having a right to vote in the country you 're staying in . 
  you ( probably ) already have the ability to send your vote back home . 
  it 's not like you 're being denied your ability to vote if you can already send a vote back home to your country . 
  it 'd be nice if we could vote in what ever country we had residency in , however there are also a lot of good reasons why that is not the case such as : whether you should be allowed to vote in more than one eu state , the administrative costs of letting all eu citizens vote willynilly , the opportunities for fraud , that it is very difficult to get member states to accept and many more . 
  last point , is n't `` universal european right to vote '' kind of a nonsensical phrase ? 
  i mean something ca n't be both universal and confined to europe ? 
  surely it should just be a `` european right to vote '' , right ? 
  i would n't call two downvotes a lot . 
  the bit where the colonial powers took control of the entire middle east and divided it up into different mandates for decades . 
  however that 's * historical * blame . 
  europe can take part of the blame for pretty much every problem we have today if you look at it * historically * . 
  but apart from that i do n't know how it 's our fault . 
   i feel sorry for the uk that this is even considered by some . 
  you really should n't . 
  there will always be people who consider some silly idea . 
  i bet there 's tons of stupid ideas which have been proposed by members of the austrian government . 
  there 's no point feeling sorry . 
  this 'll go to some sort of committee ( probably the first of 20 ) where it will get put down for being stupid . 
  there 's not much to worry about . 
   li made a point by not including brussels on his first trip abroad , with berlin being the only eu capital he visited after a stop in switzerland , which became the second european country to sign a free trade agreement with china after iceland . 
  harsh :(, 
  i guess we 'll agree to disagree . 
  i see no reason why democracy is such a special way of running a state . 
  it 's my favourite way by a long way . 
  however , i do n't think my opinion should ever outweigh the opinion of an entire country . 
  perhaps you think you 're some how more intelligent than a nation of 60 million people . 
  but i do n't . 
  even if i am more intelligent than a nation of 60 million people , that does not give me the right to tell those 60 million what to do , unless they ask me to . 
  preserving democracy at all costs , sounds kind of against the spirit of democracy to me . 
  so i can not accept it . 
  democracy is forever in danger of living through a period of idiots . 
  that 's the danger . 
  we live with it . 
  we accept it . 
  and we always let the majority rule . 
  otherwise , we 're not really following the spirit of democracy . 
  how do we know the wbc did n't kill anyone ? 
  and why should we try to preserve that democracy if a majority people in that democracy do not want democracy ? 
  protesting is a right . 
  you have a right to protest . 
  you have a right to peaceful demonstration . 
  that right can not and should not be taken away simply because the people in power disagree with it . 
  if it happens that these protestors * somehow * manage to convince 15-30 million people in the uk that they should have less rights and less democracy , then who are we to say we should stop them ? 
  that goes against every thing that democracy and free speech is about . 
  free speech and democracy are not about spreading more free speech and more democracy . 
  they 're tools . 
  they 're tools to make our lives better and if using those tools to make our lives better we realise that we do n't want these tools for what ever reason , then we should get rid of those tools . 
  these people have a right to make that claim . 
  no matter how much i disagree with them . 
  yes , however `` minority protesting so they have more rights '' is not the only thing protest is for . 
  protest is for any sort of message or cause . 
  protesting to have less rights as some thing that should be allowed . 
  we can discuss it , hear their message and discuss why they 're wrong . 
  the issue here is why they 're message is wrong , not whether they should have the right to do this . 
  they have that right . 
  rights are n't things that you sometimes have . 
  they ca n't be taken away sometimes . 
  they are rights . 
  you have a right to them . 
  did you actually read what i wrote ? 
  i did n't mention irritation . 
  i mentioned inciting violence . 
  js mill has a good definition for where the limits on free speech should be . 
  he thinks that all speech should be free and accepted * until it incites violence * . 
  or incites something which will restrict on the ability of others to be autonomous beings , but that 's being pedantic language . 
  it 's good line to draw and it 's the line i use . 
  if a man told you to jump off a building , would you do it ? 
  the man who told you to jump is surely at fault , but so are you for listening to him . 
  the individuals here can not escape blame . 
  they did the things . 
  religion did n't . 
  religion might have put the ideas in their heads , but they were the ones who went thought about it and accepted it . 
  not true . 
  jews had problems virtually everywhere in europe and had done for centuries . 
  they were blamed for the death of jesus and thus catholic europe put up laws restricting where they could work and sanctioned them to ghettos . 
  this forced them to work in things like finances where they became even more hated because , who does n't hate bankers ( they have a nack for stirring up hatred for themselves ) ? 
  these laws had been kept in effect for hundreds and thousands of years by the time the nazis came all over europe . 
  it was not just germany who was racist , and it was definitely not just the nazis . 
  racism and xenophobia were prolific . 
  or the people . 
  i mean , it 's unclear whether islam condones what the london machete maniacs did or not . 
  i like to think that it does n't on account of how many muslims there are and how few of these events have happened . 
  anyway , the people did it . 
  maybe the religion told them to , maybe it did n't , but the those two individuals are the ones who took it literally and cut of a man 's head . 
  ect, 
  when you were referring to `` are massacred on mass in pakistan '' i thought you meant that the muslim sect was in pakistan and thereby in pakistan alone . 
  i 'm going to look up the figures for how large a proportion of the uk muslim population is made up of ahmadiyya . 
  * fuck * , i may have to apologise . 
  i 've mixed up my definitions and got atheism confused with secularism . 
  in a * secular society * there is no agreed religion/belief . 
  in a * secular state * there is no official state religion and there is separation between the church and the state . 
  basically every time i referred to secularism in my previous post , i was sort of referring to atheism . 
  which is a mistake . 
  secularism is ( from what i understand ) more akin to agnosticism .
