  the international community has a right to go in and sort out the problem for the betterment of the entire apartment building . 
   that 's a massive fucking violation of international law no it is n't , because they 're doing it through the un , which requires all the united nations security council members to agree , along with a majority ( or super majority , i ca n't remember ) of all un members to agree . 
  in terms of legality , this is pretty much as legal as it gets . 
   you ca n't attack another country because refugees are fleeing from there we 're not attacking another country . 
  we 're attacking a non-state actor . 
  we 're not bombing a foreign government . 
  it 's somewhat analogous to the assassination of osama bin laden . 
  i do n't know anybody that would seriously argue the assassination of bin laden was an attack on the state of pakistan . 
  an quite possibly illegal incursion into pakistan 's borders ? 
  yes . 
  but an attack on pakistan ? 
  and this intervention gets around the problem of the bin laden assassination because we 're actually getting un approval for this , which the americans should haven . 
  this is all completely ignoring the fact that for all intents and purposes , libya is not a state at the moment . 
  there is no law enforcement or effective central government . 
  it 's literally classified as a failed state . 
  it 's hard to attack something which for all intents and purposes does not exist . 
   finally it does n't solve the problem that these people are refugees and need help i totally agree , which is why i said we should be stopping these problems at source and accepting refugees where we can . 
  i think that is the main way to solve this problem . 
  however i also think attacking the smuggling rings themselves is also a good idea for reasons i will explain in the next paragraph . 
   it just destroys an avenue they use to escape their situation . 
  we 're actually stopping smugglers from putting these refugees in harms war . 
  we should help and accept refugees where possible , but we should absolutely stop them from going across the mediterranean in these extremely dangerous and unsound vessels . 
  over 1,000 refugees drowned in one week because of these stupid smugglers and the fact they take no safety precautions whatsoever . 
  if we 're going to help refugees , we should stop them from crossing the med with these smugglers . 
  let 's not forget as well , that these smugglers are quite likely to just steal all your belongings and your freedom if you go with them and sell you into slavery . 
  i know what these people are fleeing from is awful and they need help . 
  we should absolutely provide that help in the form of asylum where possible , whilst we help solve these problems at source in places like eritrea and syria . 
  but these disgusting smugglers should play * no * role in this . 
  all they do is help themselves at the expense of those in need . 
  good . 
  this is something i 've been calling for ever since the crisis popped up on europe 's political radar . 
  we should deal with the causes of the huge numbers of refugees and help refugees where we can , but in the mean time we should be attacking these illegal smuggling rings and stopping them from putting scared , defenceless people in harms why by carrying them across the mediterranean in vessels which are often not fit for purpose . 
  if we attack their assets they will be less able to put more people in danger . 
  it will also limit other harmful activities these rings are involved in that do not related to the refugee crisis in the mediterranean , such as smuggling of sex slaves into europe and the transportation of illegal substances like weapons and drugs . 
  attacking these crime rings is really a no brainer . 
  it just makes sense . 
  this submission has been delisted under rule 2.5 . 
  i 've seen it . 
  there is still no original source . 
  all that the indepenent is doing is picking up on a map which is going viral , but is still fundamentally unsourced . 
  i 'm sorry but we 're not going to allow this . 
  it 's * the * source , but it 's still not good enough . 
  i do n't ask for sources just for the fun of it , i ask for sources because we want the content on / r/europe to be backed up by real evidence . 
  there 's no source anywhere proving that this map is accurate or how this map was made . 
  it 's quite obviously been drawn by hand with a simple guesstimation of where the coal fields are . 
  and yes , it 's good enough for / r/mapporn , but that subreddit has such an extremely low bar for quality . 
  a significant proportion f the maps there just objectively wrong . 
  that 's why we ask for sources . 
  we want to promote a higher quality of content, 
  twitter is not a reputable source . 
  sorry but this has been delisted . 
  why were so many vips put in a helicopter together ? 
  what were they doing before the crash ? 
  i 'm starting to regret not coming to the / r/europe meetup . 
  shhh , let them think we 're all ugly so we can overcome their expectations, 
  i 've not given my opinion on this anywhere throughout our exchange ... 
  oh is that what you were talking about ? 
  there 's not gon na be a parliamentary vote on the eu . 
  there 's going to be a referendum and the whole conservative party is behind that . 
  that 's why i 've hardly been mentioning eu stuff , because there is n't going to be much apart from that . 
  and the numbers for that are already there . 
  and for other pieces of legislation , they just wo n't support them because it 's the conservatives doing them . 
  it will make the government immobile , unable to create a record worth defending and potentially lead to an early election . 
  like i said about three times now , because those 81 will rebel and neither labour or snp will support it . 
  leaving cameron with 250 mps , maybe 260 if you include lib dems and others . 
  that 's not enough to pass anything . 
  i 'm not just talking about eu legislation ( which there will be hardly any on , apart from the act creating a referendum ) . 
  i 'm talking about economics , law and order , welfare , environmentalism , and everything else . 
  we 're physically ugly to make up for our accents , and the fact we can hit on 70 % of european people because they all speak our language . 
  we have so much choice that we needed a forfeit to make it fair . 
   the current government have a majority of 99 over labour what do you mean here ? 
  the conservatives only have about a 15 seat majority . 
  they may have 99 more than labour , but that does n't matter . 
  there 's not going to be a motion of no confidence in the government . 
  the fixed-term parliament act makes it so you need 2/3s of the house to agree to dissolve the government . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  what i 'm saying is that the government wont be able to pass any legislation because there 's so little ideological unity amonst the governing party and the opposition hates the conservatives so much they do n't support anything of theirs . 
   blair had a successful first government with less of an majority i think you mean major . 
  blair had a majority of over one hundred at first , and about 30 at the end . 
  i think the conservatives remember it , but the rebellious bunch see that as better than supporting policies they do n't agree with . 
   northern island ** more power to the shettlands !, 
  yeah , i 'm gon na be fascinated watching who the next leader is and how they change the party . 
  i 'm predicting a big break between scottish labour and uk wide labour . 
  that way they 'll be able to support some sort of proper return to new labour territory ( although not under that tarnished name ) whilst pursuing a different , harder left strategg in scotland . 
  there 's not gon na be a government on the eu though . 
  there 's going to be a referendum , which all conservatives support . 
  the problem of a rebellious wing is that they do n't just rebel over one thing . 
  cameron is going to be pushed to the right on everything from welfare , to cuts , to defence , to law and order , and foreign policy . 
  even if he tries to pilot through progressive legislation , he 'll likely be befuddled by the snp and labour opposite , who hate his party on a severe personal level and wo n't support him on anything . 
  i think it 's the same in the uk . 
  i happen to live next to the only university in the uk that offers luxembourgish as a course ( univeristy of sheffield represent ) . 
  the electorate seems to simultaniously think they 're too right wing whilst voting for an even more right wing party . 
  the cameronians are definitely in firm control of * most * of the party , but a good chunk of thirty rebelling mps ( i 'm fairly certain the rebellious , right wing of the conservative party is larger than this ) could remove cameron 's majority . 
  not to mention , that conservatism is * strong * in the party . 
  [ a majority of conservative mps voted * against * the same sex marriage act ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marriage_%28same_sex_couples%29_act_2013#house_of_commons ) . 
  if the liberal democrats had actually kept most of their mps , i would have recommended cameron coalition with them because i think he has more in common with the lib dems than he does with his thatcherite wing . 
  tories will definitely split . 
  what happened in the [ 1975 referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975#party_support ) , was that the governing party allowed its members to campaign either for or against it , so long as they did it outside parliament . 
  it 's the only time in recent british history that the concept of collective responsability , where members of the government have to resign if they disagree with something the government has decided , has been completely ignored . 
  otherwise , the government normally always publicly agrees on everything , and if they disagree publicly they ~ ~ get fired ~ ~ * resign * .
