  what happened to new caledonia ? 
  you just ca n't stop can you ?!, 
  ^ ( german commas are like the banks ; nobody is quite sure how they 're supposed to work ), 
  yep , for about three or four years now . 
  i try to write all of my comments first in english and then in german , but i often forget to . 
  *** thank you . 
  i 'm adding the corrections . 
  question  unter allem bedingungen/under all circumstances should i say `` under alle * n * bedingungen '' or `` alle * m * '' ? 
  ich lasse das urtext jetzt korrigieren  -- * thank you very much for the corrections , and your explanations were particularly helpful !, 
  it appears that i 've made fewer mistakes than on average . 
  i 'm having the original text corrected now  *, 
  yeah , but i 'd be surprised if any significant number of greeks here are n't actual greeks . 
  you 'd have to be into some deep / r/conspiracy stuff to believe that any big number of the greeks here are n't actually greek by any reasonable definition, 
  in my defence , i 'm not so much complaining about the down votes , as complaining that people are n't telling me * what * think is wrong . 
  i 'm fine with down votes if you 've got a reason ; it 's just that nobody seemed to be giving one :( how can i do better in future if i do n't know what i did wrong in the past ? 
  just gon na take this moment to remind people of the rules . 
   ... lazy useless cunt that stole the money from his country while tax evading . 
  that sort of thing contributes nothing to the discussion . 
  if you see people being so pointlessly rude and aggressive , please report them . 
  [ it 's part of rule 1.2 . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ), 
  yeah , but at least we 're actually talking to real greeks directly , even if it is a somewhat subjective subset . 
  it 's much more interesting to talk to 20 real greeks than 20 articles by british people who 're trying to tell you what the greeks think . 
  the articles have different benefits too , though, 
  i 've had a glance over the information and sadly there does n't seem to be an obvious link to a proper break down of their methodology . 
  but the `` theoretically could have worked '' part imo seems to refer to the next part of the same section which specifically excludes students under 25 and anybody under the legal working age ( children ) , and also people over the age of 60 ( retirement-ish age ) . 
  it 's unlikely that they took into account spousal partners and refugees because the information on that is extremely poorly collected and distributed . 
  most of the information comes from the censuses , but those censuses only ask about things like age , religion and number of household occupants . 
  they do n't ask about visa statements so far as i know . 
  it means the information is separated between different departments in many different countries and therefore the information ca n't be put back together again easily . 
  i 'd be surprised if eurostat manages to achieve it edit : what 's with the downvotes ? 
  if you think what i say is against the reddiquette or if you disagree with what i say , then plead tell me * where *, 
  in my opinion , `` non eu migrants '' should only cover migrants who have visas which allow them to work . 
  so , yes . 
  it might also be worth doing some sort of calculations as to the total value of their work . 
  it 's worth noting that a major reason for non-eu migrants not working in comparison to nationals and eu citizens is because many non eu nationals are not allowed to work . 
  many are refugees and many are here in spousal visas , whereby they can come over in order to be with their husband/wife but not work under any circumstances . 
  i want to second politico 's playbook . 
  it 's reall the only thing out there, 
  yeah , did n't syriza 's whole economic platform depend on a debt renegotiation ? 
  varoufakis has been instrumental so far in the negotiating process, 
  we look forward to doing more like it in the future , as the need arises , 
  thanks !, 
  it was quite stressful doing the write-ups at 4 am yesterday and 10 pm just after the result was clear . 
  glad to know it did n't go to waste, 
  yeah i agree they 're technically two different things , especially in the financial market place , but in european politics it 's basically just a euphemism . 
  the same people usually end up with the debt in roughly the same form , but some of it is forgiven . 
  least that 's what happened on the last restructurings, 
  a `` debt restructuring '' is what the politicians called it . 
  a `` haircut '' is what the journalists called it . 
  from what i understand , debt restructuring has usually been a polite way of saying that the part of the debt is being forgiven , yes . 
  the op essentially says what this user is saying , only it provides a list of scenarios and explains * how * the future of the eurozone will be determined . 
  part iii is the most up to date at the moment . 
  when significant new developments happen , likely following merkel and hollande 's meeting , then there will be a new right up . 
  but the write up currently in the op of this thread explains what will likely happen next . 
  i ca n't believe we forgot to change our snoo 's flag :(, 
  i agree , but the concessions that they do make will quite possibly be weak enough to allow greece to survive within the eu , and maybe even prosper . 
  if debt forgiveness does n't happen , then i do n't see greece staying in the eu, 
  tsipras actually has quite a lot of leverage . 
  if greece becomes a failed state at the eu periphery , then that 's still the eu 's problem in the same way the libya turning into a failed state has caused huge problems for the eu relating to the migrant crisis . 
  the eurozone countries quite easily have the power to save greece by forgiving their debt ( of which the ez owns 60 % ) , and they know that debt is never going to be repaid anyway . 
  so , is the ez willing to led greece burn , and suffer the consequences that will have on themselves , just for the sake of demanding some money that they 're never going to actually get ? 
  this option also paves the way for prosperity more than the other . 
  if they 'd have picked know , it would have certainly meant crushing austerity , and continuing drops in living standards for greeks . 
  which could have been called a disaster , although greece would almost certainly have remained in the eurozone . 
  but with this option , greece might end up leaving the eurozone and the eu and end up collapsing as a semi-failed state . 
  but it could also stay inside the eu and prosper hugely with new debt forgiveness . 
  or even prosper outside the eu . 
  there 's really a lot of options open at this point . 
  it all depends on the next few days, 
  it 's explained in the op , 
  tbf : you could say that quote no matter which outcome happened . 
  what ? 
  cameron originally said the referendum for 2017 , but after coming to office decided to have it earlier in 2016 because they won a surprise majority and did n't want the uk referendum to clash with german and french elections . 
  just post the information as a comment and one pf the mods will add it to the main thread, 
  please forward this to the mega thread, 
  please forward this to the megathread . 
  this has been removed under rule 2.5 . 
  i believe polls close at 7 o clock . 
  we should get an exit poll at thattime . 
  the first results will usually be within two hours of polls closing at the best counting offices . 
  but we wo n't get a final result until tomorrow morning ill double check this info and add it to the main page, 
  that makes sense at first , but my problem is that it means putting the bbc and deutsche welle in the same basket as al jazeera and russia today . 
  the point where the bbc and russia today start being put together is the point where the tag stops being useful because they 're just nothing a like . 
  the thing which distinguishes the bbc from russia today is the same thing which distinguishes the sun from the guardian : editorial independence . 
  that said , there 's also obviously the `` editorial '' tag that we want to add , which just distinguishes if something is an opinion piece or not . 
  so in the end i can foresee us having four different news typed flairs . 
  * propaganda ( for non editorially independent media ) * reporting ( e.g. 
  the main section of any non propaganda media ) * editorials ( for opinion pieces ) and maybe * editorials - op ed ( for editorials which are not written by permanent staff , as with the guardian comment is free section ) . 
  it would n't be a `` daily mail '' tag it would be a `` biased '' tag ( or some other similar word ) . 
   this fucking website complains about its right to bully fat people and talk about lynching black folk but also wants to ban or give massive labels to news agencies they do n't like . 
  i wan na point out that i 'm actually fine with the banning of / r/fatpeoplehate and the fappenning . 
  both were quite harmful in my opinion . 
  there 's a lot of people on reddit . 
  they do n't all have the same opinion . 
  the reason for the blackout was largely unrelated to the fat people hate complaints , and it was n't even necessarily anti-pao ( although it definitely was n't pro-pao either ) . 
  i 'd appreciate it if you did n't throw is all in the same bucket , and tar us with the same brush . 
  it 's possible that in a group of 8,000,000 ( which was approximately reddit 's population last time i checked ) have a diverse array of opinions , especially when we all like to stick to our own special subreddits most of the time . 
  do you have any left wing examples , which are on the same level as the daily mail ? 
  maybe the daily mirror now that i think about it ...
