  did you just reply to your own comment ? 
  `` catholic church '' ? 
  european media needs to be just a little bit quicker :p, 
  well no , you 've not lifted it straight from the text . 
  you changed it in two key ways . 
  you substituted `` he '' for `` the imf '' and you put a quote around the word `` austerity '' . 
  additionally , you did n't even take the ` quote ' from the submission 's own headline , or even the the first paragraph . 
  you 've * selectively * chosen a specific quote , and then not even stuck with that quote directly but changed it . 
  we ca n't allow people to selectively chosen quotes in the article , otherwise people would post great long articles and quote certain bits of it in the headline out of context , which would given an entirely different meaning . 
  selectively picking quotes is a form of editorialisation . 
  look , arguing with me is not going to get your post reinstated , however , if you repost the article with the appropriate headline then that 's fine and we 'll allow it . 
  those are the rules . 
  i actually ca n't find what you 've written as a title in the article anywhere , and even if i could , it would have to be from the article 's title itself , or at least the first paragraph . 
  what you 've written is from neither and is therefore you projecting your own opinion of the piece . 
  you can resubmit the article with the correct submission title . 
  i do n't see how threatening us is going to help you get what you want . 
  if you want to make a meta post , then the mod team is entirely ok with constructive criticism . 
  please do not just use it as a way to circumvent the delisting of your submission though . 
  have a nice day . 
  sorry but this has been delisted under rule 2.5 . and 2.6 . 
  2.5 mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances 2.6 content which does not fit with the theme of this subreddit and/or is not relevant here shall be removed ( e.g. 
  domestic us politics or economics in argentina ), 
  this has been delisted for editorialising . 
  light blue and dark blue are both conservatives . 
  the light blue ones are more of sarkozy and merkel 's conservatism ( which can be called christian democracy ) whilst dark blue is more a mixture of one nation conservatism and neo-liberalism . 
  this is david cameron 's bloc . 
  they used to be in the same bloc but cameron took them out and created the dark blue bloc in 2008 because light blue was too positive towards europe . 
  azure is pretty hard line eurosceptic like ukip and five star movement , but they try and play down their racism . 
  grey does include a lot of extremely racist parties like the front national and golden dawn , but it also includes any other non aligned parties . 
  it 's mostly the far right , but there are o the parties there too . 
  sorry but we 've removed this submission because theres a different version of the exact same story on the front page already . 
  the final selection point ( which is more than just the ep appointing the ec . 
  i mean the whole technical nomination by the european council and the election of the european parliament ) . 
  the internal party elections would be interesting too though . 
  so it 's a russian dish , but it 's also a ukrainian dish and a polish dish and a hungarian dish ? 
  well it 's certainly not a british dish so i 'll take it . 
  it 's bloody delicious . 
  the russo-ukrainian family i stayed with lied :( time to send stop sending them christmas cards !, 
  every body knows ukraine 's just like an eastern european version of belgium !, 
  best answer : [ borsch ] ( http://eatable.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/borsch-bread.jpg ), 
  thank you for your understanding , 
  yes . 
  the thing with the voting meme that was going around , was that it happening during the eurovision period . 
  the rules were significantly relaxed over that whole weak to accommodate the more jokey atmosphere . 
  we then decided it would be better to let the voting meme die out of its own accord rather than arbitrary killing it halfway through . 
  it 's an apparently odd decision , but given our understanding of how reddit works , it makes sense . 
  some things slip through the net . 
  not everything which makes it to the front page should be on the front page . 
  if you see content which is not in line with our rules please report it . 
  the submission you linked to did not have any reports so it did n't really pop up on our radar . 
  the way we qualify if something is low quality , is if we would be ok with significantly more content like this . 
  your submission is fine * on its own * . 
  and is quite interesting , but if we got inundated with them it likely would n't be and would dilute from our main themes , which is based around current events , especially those events which cut across borders , and discussions of pan european themes such as film , art and language . 
  the president is elected by the citizens . 
  you vote in a european election for a member of european parliament ( mep ) who is campaigning on appointing a specific presidential candidate to office . 
  all of the major parties have a specific candidate associated with their party . 
  this is almost the exact system which is was used in most eu member states , like germany and the uk . 
  i do n't think the times is like the new york times . 
  it 's probably one of the closest in that it 's a well respected national newspaper which has supported parties on either side of the divide , but it 's nowhere near as respected the new york times , nor can it set the national debate like the nyt can . 
  i 'd say the bbc is more our ` paper of record ' , although it 's not a physical paper . 
  and i do n't think there 's anything which sets the national agenda like the nyc does . 
  no they ca n't . 
  the ecb has a lot of fiscal powers , but it ca n't set tax rates . 
  that was very interesting overview of the political change which was going on at the time of the 2014 european election . 
  i wish it had talked a little bit more about what the actual voting procedure ( the spizenkandidat system ) actually involved , as opposed to other methods , simply because i know many elements of the media like to label it as undemocratic when it is in fact one of the most democratic systems available . 
  the documentary itself was a little mute on that specific point . 
  i do n't know why they 'd need to make an international agreement with eritrea to speed up their own asylum procedures . 
  which this integration will certainly account for . 
  the free trade with georgia is far from comprehensive . 
  it would be ridiculously expensive still to shift assets from eu countries to georgia because there are still trade barriers in many areas . 
  additionally , georgia will likely be expected to continue harmonise its tax regime with the eu as well . 
  if it 'd obviously just a euphemism where the name is irrelevant then we wo n't remove . 
  if you make it appear is though that is their name , we will remove . 
  if you say `` see you later alligator '' it 's fairly obvious the user 's name is not `` alligator '' . 
  use common sense . 
  ceo of major company : `` we 're going to move our headquarters out of the world 's largest economy , the european union , and thus forgo ** all ** of the potential earnings , rather than pay some tax on those earnings '' managing board `` you 're fired '' the only reason companies can current abuse the system of eu tax rates is because eu countries allow complete free trade between them , so companies can easily move assets from country to country with no costs and then get the profits in the lowest tax country . 
  if they move outside of the eu or associated countries then there will import and export tariffs which will make moving the profits around entirely unreasonable und unprofitable . 
  so the incentive will be gone and profits will be declared largely in the countries they were earned . 
  because they 're working on an entire agreement with the eritrean government . 
  ordinarily there is no need for this because you can just reject the asylum applicants individually and send them back using the ordinary procedure . 
  if they 're creating a more comprehensive agreement , then it 's going to have much wider effects . 
  i have no idea what their name is , but if you use a personal name which could infringe on their privacy it will be removed . 
  please do not do it . 
  please do n't use personal names unless the user has specifically said it 's ok to use it . 
  surely , that 's just a justification for sending * some refugees * back who have lodged specific false asylum applications . 
  but what the norwegian government appears to be doing is sending back eritrean refugees * en masse * because some of the claims are illegitimate . 
  seems very cruel to me . 
  that advert for untouchables is great . 
  it makes it seem like an oddly english movie , given the obvious class divide which is going in . 
  it 'd be very interesting to see how a french director deals with that . 
  it looks very funny ; i 'll definitely give it a watch . 
  and i 've seen goodbye lenin . 
  by far my favourite german film , but i 'd say it 's become one of the fee truly european films because the way the film deals with the changes after the fall of the soviet union are pretty relevant everywhere in europe . 
  very good film . 
  oh wow , that guy has gotten more awards than i knew existed . 
  are there any of his films that you would particularly recommend ? 
  it seems like he 's done them on everything so i 've got no idea where to begin . 
  what 's he best at ? 
  well , we did n't start `` this mess '' . 
  we 've been involved , yes .
