  there 's certainly no other ways i could have furthered my career goals . 
  it 's not like i could have spent that time actually , i do n't know , working on my career . 
  nah , much more economical to waste hours every day on reddit . 
  that 's the real way to get ahead in life . 
  / s can i just break out of my sarcasm for a moment to say how personally insult i am ? 
  i 've spent hours trawling through modqueues , deleting spam , developing new website designs , rule lists , and now i spend a large part of summer trying to organise amas because user base of this subreddit indicated that that 's what they wanted , and you accuse me of being self-serving for all this ? 
  the urge to start profaning is almost overwhelming . 
  you might want to just mention it explicitly next time . 
  i ca n't do the hover over text from my tablet , which is how many of us use the site . 
  easier to keep everybody on-board edit : anyway , thanks for clarifying, 
  he should absolutely explain it to the british people , but before the referendum cameron is renegotiating the constitution of the eu , which means negotiating with all the other eu members . 
  i think that all of europe should be included in that discussion , because all of europe is involved in rewriting the eu constitution . 
  but not just that , this effects the whole european project . 
  this is potentially a turning point in the entire european project and i think that means we need to have a public discussion about where this project is taking us , and what better place for that than the european parliament ? 
   that 's right , our most prestigious university is n't even ours . 
  you know your flag is a flag of europe , so we have no idea what country you come from . 
  i just assumed you were from sweden, 
   verhofstadt , a former belgian prime minister , took aim at cameron for claiming that the eu process is n't democratic enough while so far failing to initiate a debate with the eu 's one democratically elected institution . 
  cameron has promised that britain will hold a national referendum before the end of 2017 on the country 's eu membership . 
   `` david cameron has often accused the eu of a democratic deficit . 
  it would therefore be very strange for him to turn down an invitation to openly discuss his proposals , '' he said in a statement . 
  one of the things which annoys me immensely about the politicians who accuse the eu of a democratic deficit is that they seem to make almost no effort to improve the situation , and cameron is the epitome of this . 
  he accuses the eu of being undemocratic whilst having all the important discussions which will shape europe 's future in private . 
  but it does n't stop there . 
  let 's not forget when the european parliament demanded that junker be made the president of the european commission , in accordance with the eu wide election that had just happened , and cameron was one of only two heads of government that voted against the idea ( the other was hungary ) . 
  if you actually want to make the eu more democratic , why do n't you let the directly elected parliament determine who the president is , you know , like they do in the uk and most other european democracies . 
  and whilst you 're at it , why do n't you renegotiate in a transparent way , rather than rallying on these back room deals . 
  a discussion in front of the european parliament would be a great start . 
  source ? 
  i 'm gon na third this . 
  went to auschwitz ; i did n't see a single tour guide who looked like they were born before 1980s . 
  please do n't editorialise, 
  obviously i agree about limiting drama etc , but if the identities of the mods who are monitoring the thread were kept to be kept secret then it would just create more drama . 
  people would accuse us of secretly allowing [ ayatollah khomeini ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruhollah_khomeini ) to moderate or something ridiculous . 
  if you make things secret then people just assume that you 've got something to hide , which we have n't . 
  much less drama is made if you 're transparent . 
  some people will try and make mountains out of mole hills , but so long as we do our job properly ( which i 'll personally be making sure we do ) then those mole hills will be seen for what they are . 
  the main point i 'm getting at is that we 've got pretty much everything we need planned out . 
  just like to echo this . 
  it 's very useful to us , especially reporting comments ( please report comments anywhere on the subreddit ) . 
  there 's also going to be mods on standby , but they 've all got names, 
  of course . 
  i 'll try and get into contact with them asap . 
  btw , you 'd be amazed how much of an effect tweeting at these people about doing an ama can be , especially if they 're serious twitterers . 
  it often only takes a handful of tweets to get people to take something seriously, 
  well it is an `` ask me anything '' so there 's no reason you * cant * ask it, 
  i 'll add him to the list, 
  already on front page . 
  already on front page . 
  yes , and i encourage you to do so . 
  just remember to be respectful about it ( that goes for everyone ) . 
  and knowing that everybody 's so jealous of us brings tears to mine < 3, 
  it 's `` american football '' but for real men who do n't need to wear full body armour to protect themselves getting tapped on the shoulder . 
  they also do n't stop every two seconds because people who play rugby actually follow the rules of the game . 
  also , rugby typically has no advert breaks because it 's usually broadcast on the bbc , unlike american football , which has so much advertising that it 's legal to show all of them to most european viewers ( which means if you watch american football broadcast in many european countries the adverts will be replaced with actually content , like interviews and analysis ) . 
  so rugby is basically better in every single way than hand egg . 
  farage is actually already on my list of people to contact once we 've got a bit more experience under our belt , along with [ guy verhofstadt ] ( http://youtu.be/p84tn0z4jqm ), 
   israel strikes foes in neighbouring countries all the time and has yet to see a real consequence no real diplomatic consequence ( apart from the hate of the arabs , who hate israel anyway ) , but there is a moral dimension . 
  somehow firing rockets into a city filled with civilians does n't seem like the the ` right thing to do ' . 
   it would be better to have ten thousand coast guards die than violate libyan sovereignty . 
  last time i checked only one coast guard had died . 
   all this mess happened because gaddafi did n't want to be in usa sphere of influenc ... aaaand because he sent fighter pilots to airstrike protesters ( who , fortunately , flew to malta instead and switched sides ) . 
  maybe gadaffi was somewhat of a force for good at some point , but eventually he became worse than the people he was keeping in check . 
  we did that with a surprising un mandate , that we were n't expecting . 
  russia and china either abstained from the un security council vote or voted in favour , which is highly unusual . 
  russia trusted that we were only doing it for humanitarian reasons , but then we used the airstrikes to target all government buildings etc , which was basically against the purpose of the mandate but not the letter . 
  there 's no way russia * or * china would let a un security council vote pass again . 
  it would be against international law . 
  we 've indeed been cracking down on people , and i 'd like to especially thank / u/dclauzel for that . 
  he 's done a far more work on this than i , and therefore it 'd be completely unfair if he were not to receive mighty praise for it , especially when he gets such criticism for his troubles . 
  i highly expect the quality of the subreddit to increase over time , especially as we enter august . 
  [ i 've outlined here my reasons why ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hcbld/changes_in_reurope_moderation/cud7j71 ), 
  the actual reason is because these smugglers are based out of north african countries , especially libya , and in order to stop them we need to get into libya , which means either getting permission from the government ( which is impossible due to civil war etc. ), 
  or sending soldiers into the country themselves to target the smugglers , which would effectively be an invasion . 
  additionally , you 've got the problem that tracking down the smugglers in libya * accurately * , without harming civilians or bystanders is almost impossible because , again , libya is in a civil war . 
  it 's not like there 's a shop in the middle of benghazi which says `` people trafficking here ! '' . 
  that 's not to say we should n't try . 
  the european governments are doing what they can ( i believe the marinostrom project was hailed as particularly successful iirc ) but legally and financially speaking , what they can do is very limited . 
  almost nobody is against hunting down human traffickers . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting upvoted for this . 
  you 're just painting a picture of somebody who does n't exist , or at least is unrepresentative of any large group , and attacking that instead of adding any actual information or opinion against anything which actually exists . 
  [ i 'm reminded of this video by cgpgrey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re3j_rhkqjc ), 
  there 's only four comments deleted by mods at time of writing , and they should n't even show the '' [ deletion ] '' bot at all ( but several others have been deleted by the users themselves ) . 
  if you advocate violence , then your comments will be removed as per usual ( which is what the several removed comments did ) . 
  if you want to encourage people to do the things pictured above , then i encourage you to find somewhere else . 
  also , please do n't break any of our other rules . 
  they 're there for a reason . 
   these people are too mostly economic refugees or worse , criminals and extremists source, 
  so currently the trains are going around the country instead of through it because the building work on the zimmerberg base tunnel ii ( zurich-thalice ) is suspended . 
  why is there no tunnel between zurich and zug ? 
  all i can see is a black dotted outline instead of a read one like the other two, 
  cough / u/saltysolomon cought, 
  i think that it 's main viewership in western european countries comes from people who 're passively watching it on terrestrial tv . 
  like , sometimes you 're waiting ten minutes for the next programme to come in so i switch to bbc news to see today 's headlines while i wait . 
  some other western europeans use euronews for this . 
  so that 's one source of viewership which is easy to underestimate . 
  it 's also apparently very popular in non-eu european countries as a main source of news ( or so the article says ) . 
  that 's part of the reason they have news broadcast in russian , turkish and arabic , despite no countries where these are national languages being contributors to euronews . 
  it 's excellent public relations . 
  the way i 'd look at it , is that it 's not going to be anybody 's main sauce of news , the same way that reddit or the bbc is for some people , but it fits into the ecosystems of news organisations quite well in that people will use it as a secondary source of news , and a window into pan-european news when they want it .
