  i would n't be at all surprised if the uk was down as a supporting country despite the there having been a vote which completely rules out uk action . 
  it 's probably murdoch in disguise, 
  david cameron made a [ speech ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js_x5z9nxqq&amp;feature=player_embedded ), 
  [ a map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/europe_countries_map_en_2.png ) . 
  seriously it makes talking about this stuff a lot more tactile . 
  when you tell people `` there is this intergovernmental organisation called the eu and people from france and germany and the netherlands and the uk all join in with it '' it makes people understand * a lot * better if you can simply explain `` and here is the uk , france , germany and the netherlands '' . 
  it sounds stupid , but it 's a great place to start . 
  make sure every one knows what spain is . 
  what ireland is . 
  just simple stuff like that . 
  if people do n't understand the foundations then you 're going to have trouble later . 
  if things get very advanced then there 's this crazy circle chart which explains the difference between the various european organisations : eu , eurozone , schengen , council of europe , ect . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1a/supranational_european_bodies-en.svg/500px-supranational_european_bodies-en.svg.png ) . 
  oh and obviously the eu wikipedia page is full of good resources , but that stuff and the euler diagram might be a bit advanced . 
  hmm , it corresponds to year groups in the uk . 
  i 'm year 13 . 
  year 13ers are either 17 or 18 years old . 
  so if we take away 7 from 13 to get 6 we should have 10 and 11 year olds . 
  if you want the flag of reino de portugal e dos algarves then feel free to ask the mods . 
  they 're usually very hospitable to these sorts of things . 
  just make sure you provide a link to an image of the flag you desire . 
  it 's you !, 
  i felt so helpful that day with the fair thing :p, 
  spain 's waisted millions , so obviously the logical thing to do is waste millions more ? 
  if you read through the discussion here and the article it is actually a lot more logical than it first appears . 
  i think ultimately it is a bad idea , but it is nowhere near as bad of an idea as it would appear at first, 
  just like to chime in here and say i agree that the title is misleading . 
  unfortunately i could n't find a way to elaborate the situation properly and quickly so the only real option was to continue with the independent 's rather dramatic headline . 
  which is why we have this discussion  people come in and spout their opinion and put each other 's opinions through various tests and the best idea will prevail and rise to the top . 
  it might not rise to the top of the thread but people who read it will be convinced by its logicalness and practicality . 
  the discussion here has definitely opened my eyes to the complicated arrangements of languages in belgium . 
  i feel as though there is good intention for the region of menen to do as it is doing , but i think that ultimately it is silly to restrict people from using a specific language . 
  languages are there to facilitate communication and it is bizarre that the government would actually restrict people from communicating in a certain way , no matter where or how . 
  i know understand that menen is completely in the * legally * to do this , and that they are even morally in the right to not be obligated to speak to people in french , but actually going full circle and banning communication in french ? 
  odd . 
  quebec and ontario are provinces in canada . 
  most of canada speaks english apart from quebec where french is the majority language . 
  the government in quebec are very zealous to ensure that french remains the majority and de facto language of quebec , far more seriously than in belgium . 
  so someone who moves from ontario who speaks english would probably not be able to get by very well because he would not be able to rely on people their speaking english , this includes members of government . 
  edit : words where they did n't belong, 
  obviously the us constitution is a prime example of this because it defines black africans in the united states as legally half a person when dishing out the number of congresspeople . 
  i think what 's important here is that from a belgian perspective if someone from wallonia is in flanders then that person from wollonia is , sort of , not in their country . 
  i mean , belgium is a federal country . 
  if you move from ontario to quebec your not awarded the same privileges as someone who is a citizen of quebec . 
  to extend it further , the eu has twenty something official languages , however that does n't mean that you can use any language you want in the place you reside . 
  think of a bulgarian moving to england and speaking no english . 
  it feels odd having belgium actually restrict the use of french rather than letting people communicate in * whatever * language they want , be it dutch , french , german , english , russian , bulgarian . 
  i mean , if a bunch of english civil servants want to talk in bulgarian , seems odd not to let them . 
  maybe if that specific work place does n't like it they can see to it but there 's no point doing it on a national level and restricting it by * law * . 
  kind of feels like the government getting all up in your business, 
  yeah it seems like a relatively nuanced thing that a lot of people could over luck . 
  like an american in britain not knowing how to make a cup of tea . 
  it 's not like a they 're not understand an cultural behavioural thing like not talking to anyone one the london tube . 
  that 's a sort of cultural thing that you just do n't fucking talk to stranger on public transport . 
  ca n't think of a us parallel but i 'm sure they are there and i 'm just ignorant of them because i 'm stupid european :p, 
  i would add that eurotrashers are n't necessarily stupid about it . 
  sometimes they have a point , but it 's their delivery of that point which is frustrating . 
  or they can be very ignorant about it and have the double wammy of being both irritating * and wrong * . 
  it used to be tesco < sainsbury 's < aldi < ldil but now tesco feels like it 's just dropped off the list completely and everyone else moved up a spot, 
  really annoying europeans abroad . 
  imagine the stereotype of loud americans in scotland saying `` oh is n't it so quaint here in england '' and just generally treating the culture of the place they are in with ignorance and sometimes arrogance . 
  obviously most american tourists are fine just like most european tourists are fine , but it 's the minority which give the reputation to the rest . 
  just imagine rich french , german spanish or what ever families going to america for some reason and really * not * enjoying it and letting everyone know that they are not enjoying it . 
  that 's one kind of eurotrash . 
  there is another though . 
  it 's less to do with tourists and more to do with the internet . 
  usually this kind of eurotrash is associated with scandinavians and their social democracy . 
  if you see someone on the internet going on about how amazing their country of sweden , norway or whatever is and how america has an overburdened prison system , ect that 's considered to be a kind of eurotrash . 
  with this kind though , it 's more about * how * and * when * they say it as opposed to what they are saying . 
  personally i usually agree with them , but i wont say anything because they 're being a dick about it . 
  that 's the pivotal thing . 
  edit : [ example one ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1kpwvw/the_americans_are_asleep_post_pictures_of_free/ ), 
  a 'll fucken ' lob ya ' won yar wanker yoo looken ' fer eh feight ? 
  despite being in a thread specifically for swear words it just does n't feel right to aggressively write words like `` cunt '' `` bitch '' and `` wanker '' at someone :( they 're just such horrible words, 
  perhaps but that edit at the beginning ? 
  it 'd be kind of odd for a country to let itself be absorbed into another one simply to get eu privileges . 
  one of the main benefits of eu membership is that it allows the countries inside it with a lot of protection against the world making being a larger state a lot less practical . 
  for instance scottish or catalonian independence would probably be taken a lot less seriously if there was n't a huge likely hood of them becoming eu member states anyway . 
  it means that you will definitely retain a huge amount of links with the country you were previously part of . 
  there 's actually a movement who advocate for the breaking down of larger eu member states like germany , spain and the uk into their constituent parts because being a big block is n't particularly helpful to them anymore ( or wont be , in the vision of this movement ) and would make representation within the eu more fair . 
  so it would be very odd for the very reverse of this to happen with moldova and romania . 
  i think it 's unlikely that one member state would want to intervene really badly but the rest of the eu would n't . 
  if somewhere like australia or the usa was under attack , i think it highly unlikely that the eu would n't come out to help in force . 
  if the issue is n't enough to have most memberstates on board that it probably is n't that big of an issue and the population of that member state probably wont be 100 % for intervention anyway . 
  i just think it 's highly unlikely that the situation you envisage would ever come into reality is what i am trying to say . 
  if there was such a wide disparity between one member state 's interests and the others , then the whole concept of the eu is broken and we should revert completely back to nation states without any eu . 
  well the eu already has much more power over its members than nato does , notably through the european court of justice which can fine member states for not implementing eu law . 
  nato has no similarly powerful procedure apart from a real politik reaction from other member states which we have seen has not happened , at least in the case of defence spending . 
  so the funds would probably come from member states , provided that the council of ministers agrees to the legislation . 
  the european commission ( executive office ) would probably be pro this kind of a move because historically they like having more power and the article indicates that meps are mostly for this kind of a project also . 
  so the only remaining hurdle would be the council ( where the heads of the 28 member states meet ) . 
  thank god he got a bad response . . 
  i know sometimes the comments section in this sub can get pretty racist . 
  i mean , just type in `` gypsies '' or `` roma '' into the search bar, 
  when some really bias nuts make the claim that * `` hitler 's vision has been realised !, 
  * '' or whatever because merkel is basically in charge of europe , i ca n't help but think they have a point . 
  i mean , ultimately the message they 're trying to put across never makes any sense to me , but i do kind of agree with them that merkel has a lot of the control that previous european super powers like hitler and napoleon had wanted to be . 
  i just do n't see it as a bad thing . 
  i fear the people saying it 's a bad thing far more than i fear merkel . 
  she 's proven to be pretty passive as a leader .
