  events need to run their course and the various sections of ukrainian society come to arrangements with one another . 
  no good will be reached by seeking vengeance on whatever idiot decided to shoot a rocket at a civilian aircraft . 
  in all likely hood , it was probably trigger happy rebels messing with their new russian hardware who could n't tell the difference between civilian and military crafts ( tbf , they are miles up in the sky ) . 
  no good will be achieved by hurting them . 
  it wont make the plane any less destroyed , the families any less hurt or the passengers any less dead . 
  cutting someone who has cut you does n't make your wound heal any faster . 
  it just means you both hurt . 
  healing can happen quicker for everyone if we do n't seek vengeance , and instead seek reconciliation and forgiveness . 
  sanctions usually have all of the same problems , and they would in this case . 
  they just make us feel better because we 're disconnected from the damage we 're doing . 
  take , for instance , when we sanctioned iraq . 
  who do you think is hurt by that ? 
  the country as a whole , yes , which is the point , but mostly the worst off . 
  mostly the people who have hardly enough money to scrape by are suddenly plunged under . 
  a few people always starve , or die of cold . 
  [ there 's a un report which backs me up on this too , if you think i 'm pulling it out of my arse . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1995/12/01/world/iraq-sanctions-kill-children-un-reports.html ) the number of people estimated to have died because of the sanctions is , indeed , shocking but also take into account something arguably worse , which is [ the damage to people 's quality of life ( as in iran ) ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/oct/07/iran-santions-suffering ) . 
  an airstrike makes us feel bad , because we can see what happens and we can see who to blame . 
  sanctions are worse because of the damage they inflict and because we do n't feel like we 're doing anything wrong . 
  i my response initially talked about military action , because those are the things people are familiar with and are useful for illustrating what intervention leads to . 
  i was talking about the principle of intervention being wrong . 
  here , i am pointing out that sanctions have the same effect , which is a much more technical question and deserves its own comment . 
  it 's all very well saying `` omg how awful is the european union and its people for not doing anything !, 
  it has an obligation to help ! '', 
  but we had an obligation to help libya when gadaffi was oppressing his people , and that 's lead to a borderline failed state where armed militias can hold the country to ransom . 
  one of the main objectives in afghanistan and iraq was to improve the lives of the people living there . 
  with isis advancing through iraq and the taliban breathing down the neck of a country which can hardly even hold elections , it 's looking like we 've failed on both counts . 
  it 's all well and good , high and mighty to say that we should ` help ' but when that ` help ' only sometimes leads to a country which is better off than before the ` help ' then i think perhaps it would be better for * everyone * if people minded their own business . 
  it 's easy to say we should ` do something ' and even that it is our duty to , but if we really take a long hard look in the mirror , maybe we 'll realise that we should do the hard thing , which is let evil happen so that goodness can grow . 
  the ukrainians will find their own version of what is good . 
  it 's not for anybody else to tell them what good is . 
  hopefully , they 'll decide that their idea of good looks a lot like ours , and that they 'll join the eu so that we can all work towards that together , but that 's a settlement ukraine must come to alone . 
  otherwise , ukraine will just become a bloodbath inbetween the western bloc and the russian bloc . 
  we 've got to do the really hard thing and not get involved . 
  i think that had more to do with location , than who 's ` side ' they were on . 
  the balkans , with notable exceptions , like greece , put up little resistance to being controlled by either side , which avoided the devastation reeked on countries like the uk and their geographical locations meant they did n't become a front line of any major theatre , like poland . 
  the balkans is quite similar to scandinavia in this respect . 
  it 's hard to say the scandinavian countries picked a definitive ` side ' but instead choice to remain as neutral as possible which , in conjunction with not in between any two powerful states , ensured they would remain relatively unscaved throughout the war . 
  i think there 's three very good obvious reasons which can be pointed at . 
  there 's a lot of nuisances as well , but these are nice big ones to point to . 
  slovenia was never ` in the communist bloc ' like the rest of e-europe . 
  slovenia was part of yugoslavia , which was nominally communist , but not subservient to moscow . 
  as a result , it could pursue independent economic policies ( and avoid some of the damages of the poorly planned transition from pseudo-communism to ` capitalism ' ) but also meant that it somewhat benefited from both the ussr + commie bloc and the usa + western bloc trying to court it with nice aid packages . 
  for instance , despite it being communist , it received marshall aid . 
  the other obvious reason is that it was part of austria hungary , and was part part of austria hungary for a lot longer than most of the other former yugoslavian states . 
  for instance serbia was also part of austria-hungary , but only immediately before the great war , after which austria-hungary was dissolved . 
  austria-hungary was , obviously , a great power in its time . 
  the third and final reason is that it transitioned from being a member of the yugoslav republic * very smoothly * . 
  the break up of yugoslavia is characterised as being very violent . 
  if you mention the name srebrenica , the bombing of sarejavo to anybody who was old enough to be watching the news in the 90s , they will instantly become several shades sadder . 
  however , slovenia was the first country to leave and had few ethnic minorities which made it happen almost bloodlessly . 
  however , croatia ( the next to leave ) was less pleasant , and by the time bosnia-herzegovina tried to leave the army started getting * seriously involved * which eventually ended up with the usa , under a nato umbrella ( iirc ) , bombing belgrade . 
  so slovenia avoided both the more destructive elements of the communism-capitalism transition and most of the destructive excesses of the yugoslav break up . 
  1982 , never forget . 
  everyone seems to be reporting on what der spiegel has reported , but i ca n't find a link to the actual der spiegel article . 
  makes it sound a bit hyped up . 
  if she was serious , she 'd have made an announcement . 
  she would n't leave sensitive information like this lying around , and if she did , more than one news organisation would have found it . 
  until der spiegel name their source , or merkel makes an announcement confirming the reports ( something which she has done the exact opposite of ) then this is nothing but a big foray into interesting but unlikely hypotheticals on the distant future, 
  i feel as though i , personally , won that game . 
  they would n't have been able to do it without me , yelling at the tv , with profanities . 
  just wait until the united colonies of space rise up due to excessive dried fruit taxation . 
  i think a better question would be , could we emigrate if we left the eu ? 
  or where to ? 
  it 'd be so much more difficult if we left , because of all the freedom of movement principles being withdrawn . 
  out of idle curiosity , what is the work that you do , of which its nature leads to a familiarity of american and italian law ? 
  there would n't really be much point in someone writing a book on the 28 different eu countries . 
  it 's not like there 's any lawyer which is going to specialise in * all * eu countries . 
  lawyers tend to focus on one area of law within their own country , and if there are variations in the legal systems inside of a country , then they 'll have to specialise even further . 
  for instance , if you 're trained in scottish law you ca n't be a lawyer in england because they operate under different legal traditions ( and visa versa ) . 
  the number and specific eu member states is also fluid , so if you wrote a book about the 28 member states , you 'd probably be one member state short ( or too far ... ) by the time it hits the presses . 
  so yeah , you 're gon na want to buy specific books on the countries you 're interested in . 
  if you want to have a * significant * knowledge of how * each * of these countries operates , then it 's really going to be a huge undertaking for you . 
  if you want to just know the basics and be able to understand the daily newspaper politics , then likely all you 'll need to do is visit the ` politics ' section of all the respective countries wikipedia pages , and if that 's not enough than the ` politics of [ insert country ] ' pages . 
  reading a whole book on * each * is going to leave you drained . 
  if you 're planning on studying law , or something , then you 'd be much better of specialising to * one * country . 
  for instance , british lawyers only need to know about eu law so far as it effects the uk . 
  they do n't need to know literally everything that goes on there . 
  there 's a lot of useful stuff on the european union ( which i 'll get to in a minute ) but if you 're looking for any kind of synoptic overview of european governance in general , then you 're going to come up empty handed because there 's almost no unifying characteristic of european governance . 
  t hammer this point home , here 's a brief overview of the variety : some practice civil law , some practice common ; many are monarchies , even more are republics ; most of codified constitutions , one does n't even have that ( uk ) ; some grant diplomatic immunity to elected representatives , some do n't ; some practice presidential systems , and others parliamentary . 
  you can find all different forms of democratic governance in the eu , which makes having some kind of basic overview impossible , because there 's no overriding similarities between this diverse group of nation states . 
  now , they do at least all have one thing in common . 
  they 're all members of the eu and so they all participate in most areas of eu legislation . 
  if you want a nice introduction into the immediate history and functioning of the european union and then i 'd recommend [ the oxford press 's * a very short introduction * series , which has an edition on the european union ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-european-union-introduction-introductions/dp/0199233977 ) . 
  it really is very short ( only a hundred pages , smaller than notebook sized ) but crams a lot in with very concise language . 
  i think it 's the only kind of book on the market which will give you such a good grounding of all the fundamental elements of the european union without becoming long and convoluted . 
  if you want something more specialised , i recommend reading it * after * you 've read this . 
  despite not being the.tallest thing , the uk still has the tallest building in the european union http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_shard, 
  pick based on what you 're good at and what you 're interested in . 
  there 's plenty of jobs in all of them . 
  the economy is bad at the moment , but the overwhelming majority of people can and do get jobs , and apart from the gip countries , even a majority of young people can still find employment without too much trouble . 
  the situation will also likely be better in several years time when you leave school/university . 
  if you do what you enjoy now , it 'll lead you towards a career path that you 'll be more willing to put more hours into and earn more and progress further up the the career path . 
  do n't focus exclusively on money , and least of all should you tailor your education to the needs of today 's economy . 
  the economy will be different in 5 or ten year 's time , when you leave education . 
  if you 're * really * interested in doing well in the employment market , pick the language of a country which will be a large economy or a large growth economy * when you leave education * , but not now . 
  for instance , germany is booming at the moment , but 10 years from now , maybe better work opportunities will be available in poland , estonia or even turkey , romania and russia ? 
  and that 's just remaining in europe . 
  also , pick industries which will be in demand * in those countries * . 
  for instance , do n't train to be a computer scientist in estonia , because by the time you enter the work force , the estonian education system will have started releasing the fruits of its new curriculum which makes computer science classes mandatory .
