  we should help those who are still trapped too . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  yes , we intervened in iraq and libya and those countries have deterriorated , but i think a ) we should remember what those countries were like before . 
  saddam was literally committing genocide against the kurds and gadafi ordered his pilots to drop an airstrike on a crowd huge crowd of protesters ( fortunately they defected to malta rather than slaughter innocents ) and b ) we should keep in mind that sometimes when we do nothing things get worse anyway , as happened in syria with both assad , and islamic state ( which has become successful largely because assad let it grow , and develop into something worse than him that the west hated more ) or even afghanistan , which before 2001 was left alone by the west until it eventually attacked nato countries . 
  it 's not as simple as `` if we left them alone everything would be fine '' . 
  different problems have different solutions . 
  people do not risk their loves crossing the mediteranean ( or the mexican deserts/us border patrol , for that matter ) because they want to have a bit more money in their pocket . 
  the reason most of them cross the border is because they fear for their lives back home . 
  most people would n't risk their lives crossing these borders if they did n't feel as though their lives were threatened if they stayed where they were . 
  that 's why the number of migrants between the middle east , north africa and the european union has shot up so much in the past year . 
  many people in the levant and north africa have started packing up their bags because they realise that the conflicts in their regions will not stop soon and that the longer they stay the greater the risk to their lives . 
  if these countries were at least stable , but still poor , then there would be less refugees , and there would be elss refugees trying to flock over the border . 
  we do n't know exactly where these boats come from , because most migrants dispose of their documentation in order not to be sent back . 
  some probably come from eritrea , some come from elsewhere to . 
  if you made a map of horrible places to live in the middle east and north africa , you 'd probably find there 's a strong correlation between those places and where these migrants come from , libya and the levant area ( iraq and syria ) chief amongst them , but also places like mali , niger , chag , sudan/south sudan and eritrea . 
   ` major ' opposition parties ( so no david cameron , who refused to take part because he 's a spineless arse ) nick clegg , leader of the smaller coalition party , the liberal democrats , also was not there , but that was because david cameron vetoed him going . 
  i actually thought this was the most interesting story , but it is largely to do with the way the interviews were organised and how the negotiations between the broadcasters and the political parties played out . 
  this is only the second general election where we 've had national debates , so they 're far from entrenched in our system . 
  so , this is a scandal because the ministers were hypocritically wasting jet fule and creating a large carbon footprint ? 
  tl ; dr so , essentially , most of the parties are in broad agreement on austerity ( which is/was the big campaigning issue of the other two major eu countries that held/are holding elections this year [ uk and greece ] ) . 
  the main difference is where the cuts will take place , not the size of those cuts . 
  and all of this is to the backdrop of economic stagnation due partly to the ukraine crisis , and also to the backdrop of an aging population . 
  the only party that might upset the boat is the true finns , but even they wo n't change much , apart from being less pro eu , pro immigration , etc but not enough to have a huge influence . 
  the centre party might also raise the retirement age in order to deal with the aging population ( which could work well if there 's a coalition with true finns , who want less immigration , which would deal with the aging problem ) . 
  anything i 'm missing ? 
  seems like it 's too simple . 
  can a fin condense down for me what possible side effects this election could have domestically and internationally please ? 
  sorry but thus has been delisted under rule 1.3, 
  no he is n't . 
  he 's pro in the sense that he a ) likes free trade and b ) sees no reason yet to oppose ttip . 
  it 's not exactly ringing endorsement , but they 'd probably say that it 's too soon to have a serious opinion . 
  in comparison to most europeans , simply saying ` lets wait and see ' is seen as being pro ttip, 
  i kind of wish i had written ethnicity instead of culture . 
  when those rules were written , culture was only been used in a loose sense of the word . 
  i think i felt compelled to use the word culture because there are certainly some instances where calling your culture better than someone else 's is just offensive and therefore wrong . 
  like if you start saying african culture is inferior and therefore europeans should adopt the white man 's burden and colonise them ( i.e. 
  show them guidance ) . 
  very few people would say this , but if they did it should be removed and therefore we should have a rule outlawing it . 
  and even if the word ethnicity had been used instead , i still think there would have been a vocal outcry . 
  perhaps it would n't have been quite so large , but it would still have been loud . 
  many people try to claim that british people do n't see themselves as european and that they do n't value european culture etc. 
  i figured my rebuttal would pack slightly more weight if it was done in a different european language . 
  that , and i accidentally started writing in german and lacked the enthusiasm to start over . 
  the thing with that is , you have to define * exactly * what a `` legitimate '' and an ` illegitimate ' article are . 
  the moderators determined that a lot of the articles yesterday were being brigaded by severely islamophobic groups ( we 're not talking about moderate islamophobia here ) and that we did not have the modpower at that time to deal with it . 
  therefore , the only option open to us to accurately ensure we did n't allow white supremacists and islamophobes a platform to spread their violent ideas , was to create a singular thread . 
  we did * not * want to stop this story from being read . 
  all we wanted was to avoid giving violent groups a platform . 
  were mistakes made ? 
  yes . 
  we should have acted much quicker , and we should have announced much more clearly what we were doing in every instance . 
  the moderators have no love for arbitrarily removing articles . 
  whenever an article is removed , there are specific objectives in mind , and all of it ultimately comes back to enuring that the subreddit is as high quality as possible . 
  sometimes we do n't explain ourselves very well . 
  i think that 's the main thing which needs to be fixed . 
  i 'd just like to point out that , regarding image posts , the quality of the image posts to / r/europe are * much * higher than almost anywhere else on reddit . 
  almost all of the images are infographics , and all image posts are well sourced . 
  this is in stark contrast with almost any other subreddit . 
  even on largely infograph or map related subreddits like / r/mapporn or even / r/dateisbeautiful frequently lack credible sources , or even any sources at all . 
  it 's very easy to be critical of other 's actions , especially when one has little or no experience of their situation/duties/responsibilities . 
  if you would like to offer concrete suggestions for operating the subreddit differently , rather than just saying ` this is n't good enough ' then the mods will be happy to listen . 
  however , i highly suspect that the suggestions you put forward would overalp 90 % of the time with the policies the subreddit already has or is already pursuing ( and has encountered delays due to unforseen obstacles ) . 
  i can understand why they choose not to spend much time here ( although i wish that was n't the case ) , but i do n't understand why / r/europe is n't a geo-default for them . 
  no idea . 
  no idea why regarding the uk and russia either . 
  i do n't think the admins put an awful lot of thought into it tbh . 
  i 've considered taking out advertising for / r/europe targeting reddit users from those countries , to help balance the number of users from various places . 
  the sub already has a huge number of northern europeans and anglosaxons in comparison to eastern europeans ( russians included ) and the big three romance language countries are vastly underrepresented given their population . 
  it 'd be a shame if it became even more skewed . 
  and switzerland , turkey , serbia and russia . 
  i do n't believe any good candidates in australian time zones presented themselves to us last time , although i do n't really know because i only became a mod in the last round . 
  if any good candidates present themselves in the next round , we 'll consider them . 
  i do n't believe any good candidates in australian time zones presented themselves to us last time , although i do n't really know because i only became a mod in the last round . 
  if any good candidates present themselves in the next round , we 'll consider them . 
  there is a list of specific examples in the rules page linked in the sidebar, 
  there 's a handy list of examples on the rules page , which you can find listed in the side bar . 
  we also allow people to become moderators based on merit before a anything else . 
  americans have the benefit of being able to surveil the subreddit whilst the rest of us sleep . 
  huh , why would you have been scared of high pitched voices ? 
  and yeah , german native speaking girls have much higher pitched voices than normal . 
  in the north , outside of a pub . 
  wot th ' fuk ah ya talkin ' ` baht ya fancy cunt . 
  ah swear daan , on me mum 's life ah 'll start one if yuh do !, 
  ^ ( this is a broad approximation of how many of the locals speak . 
  i 've tried to use apostrophes to indicate both contractions and glottal stops . ), 
  you 're aware that russian and turkish are possibly two of the hardest languages for english speakers to learn , whilst spanish is perhaps the easiest ( based on common ancestry and shared vocabulary ) ? 
  the english aristocracy spoke for a brief period ( and by a brief period , i mean a few hundred years ) mostly norman french , or a descendant of it . 
  english monarchs until roughly the beginning of the 1600s also claimed the title `` king of france '' because we owned calais , but then we lost calais , but we still claimed it was rightfully ours and therefore we owned the only bit of france that mattered . 
  the french period has had a huge influence on the english language . 
  in theory , english should have developed as a largely germanic language , and become something like swedish , german , icelandic , danish and so on , but with more celtic language influences . 
  but instead you get all these fancy latin words via norman french like * economy , stability , currency , military , translation , station , initiation , abbomonation , nation , creation . 
  * if you follow the michel thomas school of language learning , you can gain a base in any romance language ( read : portuguese , romanian , spanish , italian , romansch , catalonian , spanish etc ) of about 1,000 or 2,000 words just by learning how to recognise all of the latin ( norman french ) loan words from this period , which takes about 30 minutes . 
  it 's the same way we call the french cheese eating surrender monkeys , and the germans krauts . 
  i 've never seen anybody take it so hard as you 're taking this right now . 
  * please , separate the languages using the spacebar !, 
  it 's god and my right . 
  it 's the british national motto and appeares on the uk coat of arms ( which is itself on our passports ) . 
  and no , we do n't really know what the significance of this phrase is . 
  god damnit . 
  this is like the one hundredth time i 've spelled something wrong because of the way i pronounce it .
