  it depends on the quality of source it links to . 
  if you can only link to non credible sources , then the content is as good as wrong and might has well have been made up by a random with ma paint and no real information . 
  let 's make sure that when we say something is true , that it actually is . 
  but it 's not in the spirit of this subreddit , where like to deal in information which is real . 
  this submission has been removed . 
  please provide a source, 
  this submission has been removed for lacking a source . 
  it will be approved if a ( non wikipedia ) source is provided, 
  thanks for the gold btw . 
  means a lot , especially compared to some of the insults being thrown at me in a different thread had to remove . 
  i was half under the impression you 'd don it by mistake, 
  huh , that slipped through the net . 
  it happens . 
  i 'm not here 24/7 . 
  i 've removed it now , even though it wo n't do much good given that it 's so old, 
  yeah there were a lot of posts on here without sources and i 've just removed all of them . 
  i 'm not here 24/7 so things often slip passed for a few hours . 
  normal procedure is for the op to post the source at the same time as the submission . 
  thanks for providing the source so quickly . 
  i 've 're - approved, 
  yes . 
  of course it needs a credible source . 
  either way this wo n't be allowed due to it being low quality and largely irrelevant . 
  sorry , but this just is n't the place for this sort of content . 
  maybe try / r/mapporn . 
  this has been removed . 
  belongs in / r/europics, 
  this has been removed because the assertion in the title does n't have a source, 
  this has been released removed . 
  belongs in / r/europics, 
  this has been removed . 
  this has been removed for being low quality and lacking a source, 
  huh , you learn something new everyday . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of english broadcast television . 
  the amount of attention i pay to foreign television is non existent . 
  still , i feel a little bit diminished by not even recognising the name ... 
  i should enrich my [ pop ] culture knowledge a bit more . 
  `` meret becker about her turbo sex at the ` crime scene ' '' and yes . 
  that makes just as little sense to me as it does to you . 
  i 'm not sure i want to know either . 
  but then again , part of me is curious now . 
  oh look what you 've done to me ... 
  i know what you mean , but this is actually very ordinary for an up and coming political party . 
  it takes time . 
  in the uk we 've had * a lot * of ` up and coming ' political parties which have looked like they are going to absolutely smash the existing political order , but they never do because they are always * too * new . 
  the best example of this is the liberal/social democrat alliance in the election of 1983 . 
  in the years preceding the election they had opinion poll ratings of 50 % support ( which is almost unthinkably high ) but by the time of the election they only got 25 % of the vote ( as opposed to labour , one of the two major parties , getting just 27 % ) . 
  the thing is , the liberal/sd alliance only got only about 20 members of parliament where as labour got about 200 . 
  political alchemy always screws over new parties . 
  it took another 30 years before the party could get its political support into the right geographic regions and obtain 50 mps . 
  with spain it should n't be so bad because your electoral system is much better . 
  but it can still not work out very well . 
  for instance in the uk european parliament elections of 2014 , which use a very similar electoral system as in spain , the liberal democrats managed to still get screwed over and get only 1 mep , where as their number of votes alone would have given them 10 . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , podemos could take a long time to make an electoral break through , even if the political will is there . 
  i think they 're all employees of the european parliament , judging by some of their usernames and the lack of any comments on all but one of their accounts . 
  that said , [ one of the moderators ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/kiki_ka ) does seem vaguely active , even if they are mostly posting about the european parliament . 
  funny tit-bit : most of their content that is n't posted to / r/europeanparliament is posted here . 
  ahh , it means `` near and dear '' which is * only * used in a positive way ( where as expensive/teuer is usually a negative thing ) . 
  is this a good translation ? 
  it 's easy to say people have no ideology when they live in a world which completely accepts their ideology . 
  if you picked up the german social democrats and dropped them in the uk or america you 'd find they would have a lot of principled stances against the status quo . 
  but if you put a revolutionary in a world they like , then they probably wo n't revolt, 
  at least they 're trying !, 
  and here 's it [ flipped upside down ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ruwmttk.jpg ) for those who want to look at the german section . 
  the headline is `` welcome to germany , mr tsipras ! '', 
  and the small text by tsipras 's head is `` fifty reasons why to us the greeks are dear and expensive '', 
  this submission has been removed under rules 6 +7, 
  this submission has been removed because op has provided no evidence that the headline is correct , nor that there is a link between the headline and picture . 
  this submission has been removed because it has no source, 
  well usually the thing about communist writers is that they have a somewhat evidence based view on how society will change and normally they 'll get it mostly correct apart from a few crucial details . 
  orwell 's the best example of this though . 
  the thing is , they always try and portray these differences as inherently negative or negative by association with other things but usually in reality i personally find them quite difficult to see as worse . 
  do you like great gatsby ? 
  i tried to read it recently and just could n't finish it because i found it reall boring, 
  and ? 
  enjoyable , but not hugely gripping ? 
  and ? 
  was is it good ? 
  do you have any experience in economics and if not , is it still understandable, 
  are you attending church or anything in addition to reading the bible ? 
  i 've always been interested in getting some first hand knowledge but i 'm worried that if i only read ill be missing out on what religion is all about , which is how it 's applied and how the clergy actually interpret it . 
  that 's basically the crux of [ hassan 's new statesman article ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2015/03/mehdi-hasan-how-islamic-islamic-state ) on why islamic state is n't islamic . 
  isil has a very direct and * literal * interpretation of the qur ` an but most islamic scholars do n't believe that such a literal interpretation is correct ( hassan provides a long list of islamic scholars who claim so ) . 
  if i were just to read the bible straight , keep fear i 'd end up with just as incorrect of an interpretation ( it 's how the bible is interpreted that matters , after all , not what it actually says ) . 
  just finished * what 's left ; how left lost its way * by the observer journalist nick cohen . 
  essentially the book argues that liberals and especially left wing liberals ( i.e. 
  socialists and social democrats ) should stop seeing other cultures as intrinsically different and stand up for human rights and social progress no matter where or for who . 
  but more specifically it 's arguing that the war in iraq under tony blair and george bush jr. . was essentially a good thing ( or at least , not a bad thing ) in the same way standing up to serbia in the break up of yugoslavia was a good thing and standing up to hitler in wwii was a good thing . 
  i 've since started reading * the orange book ; reclaiming liberalism * which was written in 2004 four by quite bunch of senior members of the liberal democrats who would eventually become leaders of the party . 
  for instance , i just read the section by nick clegg on the european union today where he set out a lot of very interesting criticisms of the eu but from an intensely pro-european perspective . 
  he argued in favour of giving the eu primacy over foreign affairs and much else ( very interesting , coming from the now deputy prime minister of the uk ) but also that the eu parliament 's role should be diminished in favour of increasing the role of national governments and parliaments in eu legislation due to the lack of a real eu * demos * . 
  looking forward to reading the chapter by vince cable on economic social justice and what that means to him . 
  i 've also got tony blair 's biography out of the library to read but am not really looking forward to it . 
  the thing is huge . 
  i 'm also 30 % of the way through the second game of thrones book , which is quite nice change of pace . 
  it 's very nice to relax with , when i 'm not reading newspapers , redditing or reading the other books mentioned, 
   `` again '', 
  der spiegel has been the german language 's leading weekly popular political magazine for a long time now ( similar to the space the economist occupies in the english speaking world ) . 
  so comparing der spiegel to its closest competitors would n't actually reveal very much because we can assume already that they 'll have higher sails figures . 
  the thing about decline is that it is relative .
