  iceland was invaded by the united kingdom . 
  later british troops left because low troop numbers whilst american troops acquired their previous british occupant 's positions . 
  command was eventually given over entirely to the usa ( why not if they 're the ones with most of the troops there ) . 
  the wikipedia article on the invasion of iceland is very interesting http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_iceland the british basically sailed up to iceland and `` invaded '' but what 's not mentioned is that the icelanders and icelandic government just went a long with it . 
  there were basically no casualties during the entire occupation . 
  the thing is , there 's a lot of people round these ` ere parts of the internet who would genuinely say something like that with a straight face . 
  so chances are what you said was serious and was treated with a serious response . 
  sorry , lowest common denominator is ruining all our fun , but that 's the way of the world . 
  if it 's not plainly obvious you 're joking then people wont interpret it as a joke . 
  i think cgpgrey 's presentation on the [ `` digital aristotle for everyone '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vscam17o-m ) might be of interest to you . 
  it might not be . 
  for reference , cgpgrey is born in america but adopted the uk as his home in later life . 
  not sure if he counts , but it 's an interesting presentation non the less . 
  [ the royal society of art ] ( http://www.thersa.org ) has a [ youtube channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/thersaorg/videos ) which features a whole host of great thinkers and speakers . 
  my favourite speaker to be featured by them is sir ken robinson who made [ this delightful speech ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdzfcdgpl4u ) about education . 
  be careful to check who 's actually giving the speeches . 
  it has a strong bias towards british speakers ( it is a british institution after all ) but they wont exclude americans , or other europeans for that matter . 
  and , evidently , it features mainly british speakers and not european speakers . 
  but maybe other countries have something similar . 
  i am curious what you mean by `` the information society '' though , perhaps people could be of more use of you explained what that is . 
  it 's highly possible that i know what you 're talking about but have n't attributed a name to it . 
  welcome to british journalism . 
  if you think using loaded language like that is bad , you 'll probably not want to venture much further . 
   there are more than enough people who would happily give her awa so long as you ignore 42 % of the german population , 
  you 're asking for an awful lot . 
  party platforms are incredibly convoluted and complicated . 
  newspaper editors take days and sometimes weeks trying to distill all the information down into a readable format . 
  if you were more specific it might be possible , but at the moment , that 's an awful lot of work to explain , especially concisely . 
  i think thatcher would be on level with obama . 
  keep in mind , she never even tried to ~ ~ nationalise ~ ~ * sell off * the national health service which is much more socialist , left wing institution than obama care is . 
  since thatcher british politics has become a lot more right wing and a lot closer to america typed spectrums , but britain is still definitely a lot more left wing , even if we are creeping more in a rightwing direction as time goes on . 
  haha , good one . 
  no american politics is a lot more right wing than just about any mainstream politics in most of europe . 
  even if obama is on the left of the american political spectrum , at best he would be in the centre of european politics and probably quite a long way into the right . 
  if you look at the way germany has responded to the edward snowden stuff you 'll find they * definitely * do care . 
  but it might also be that german voters do n't necessarily see the pirates as a solution . 
  cut the labour , the conservatives and * maybe * the liberal democrats up into smaller parties first and then put merkel as head of the largest one . 
  i 'd love that ... 
  i might be a closeted germanophile, 
  would you rather a figure like merkel be in charge , who always works towards gaining consensus and compromise , or have someone who 's ideologically driven and is going to attempt to impose that ideology upon the world while they 're in office ? 
  i 'd much prefer merkel . 
  she has her objectives but pretty much everything is negotiable to some extent . 
  a lot of the politicians in the uk are all about confrontation and laying down your ideology over the five year term . 
  not much compromise, 
  how so ? 
  a pressure group , whose main goal is to increase the usage of renewable energy , is trying to make the government use more renewable energy . 
  * shock *, 
  it 's interesting that all the polls indicate the the cdu will increase their share of the vote . 
  i would have figured that after being in office so long her popularity would have gradually decreased and stagnated , not continue to climb . 
  i heard a criticism of the the union once . 
  one of the things it features was an exclamation that the union flag did n't even feature scotland because it used the wrong shade of blue . 
  it appears from the pictures that there 's more than one shade of blue which is acceptable for the flag of saint andrews . 
  any scot know what 's up with the two different colours/shades ? 
  coincidence or ? 
  i do n't keep up with tv very much ; could you give me a couple of examples ? 
  i think it 's because people can pretty easily identify gb , france and germany as the three most influentially ( three largest gdps and population in the eu ) where as pretty much every other european country just is n't quite as populous or does n't have quite as large a gdp . 
  it 's silly to marginalise the rest of europe because of this though . 
  these three are the most influential trio , but if you count up the rest of europe or the eu you 'll find the make up less than half the population and less than half the gdp . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i remember learning that one of the reasons for the eastern block ; s complete collapse was because after the initial blow eastern block citizens started realising how much more wealthy the first world was compared to the second world . 
  that then fuelled people 's desires to fully burry the soviet union and become capitalist . 
  but it sounds like that version of history was quite wrong . 
  has american influence really been important for the past 50 years ? 
  would n't it only be for the past ~ 20 years since the fall of the iron curtain ? 
  i watch the tv series of this is england . 
  it 's an ok show , but i found that there were too many rape scenes with sad piano music . 
  i think saying that the optimism is `` unfounded '' is a little harsh . 
  this optimism has its foundations in a quarter of economic growth , increase in consumer spending in spite of government expenditure dropping . 
  this is evidence that austerity is working in ireland . 
  it 's exactly how austerity was predicted to work . 
  a few years of economic hardships as government expenditure is slashed and then eventually the private sector will compensate . 
  this is part of the evidence for that . 
  look , nobody 's breaking out the bunting and fancy hats but there is reason to be optimistic . 
  there are reasons . 
  there is a grounding for this optimism . 
  it 's a start . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm right but i 'm saying maybe i 'm right and that you 're just as wrong as you think i am if you believe that there is n't even a chance that this is evidence of good news . 
  ireland * will * return to economic growth at some point . 
  that much is almost inevitable . 
  what 's to say that wont happen soon and that these are n't indicators of it ? 
  it will come eventually . 
  what 's to say it wont come now ? 
  seriously , give me your evidence that proves ireland is not ready for a recovery . 
  i have mine right in the linked article . 
  and i do n't want you to prove to me that ireland * might * not return to economic growth now . 
  i wont proof that it definitely wont . 
  do keep in mind that this gdp growth is only for this quarter . 
  if you multiply it by four you get 1.8 % growth per annum which really is n't bad . 
  obviously this is only one quarter , but it 's been * a long * time since there was anything to be cheery about in ireland with regards to the economy so now there 's finally some reason to be optimistic . 
  do n't go counting your chickens obviously , but nobody is . 
  it 's just hope , that 's all . 
  not expectations . 
  only hope that this is evidence that the recession is finally coming to an end . 
  we 're not counting our chickens , just hoping . 
  huh , apparently i ( born and raised in england ) should vote for sinn fein in 2014 . 
  interesting, 
  there 's a whole load of reasons that ukraine should n't be treated the same as turkey . 
  ( each numbered by the order i thought of them ) ** firstly ** the population of ukraine are culturally much closer to the majority of the eu , at least in terms of public perception . 
  i 'm not so much talking about good governance and commitment to the free market but more about things like religion and shared experiences with the rest of ( eastern ) europe . 
  being protestant , catholic or agnostic is n't strictly speaking part of the criteria for eu membership , but it is very indicative of other values .
