  the uk 'd probably still end up paying the largest chunk as it has the most to benefit , but you know , every little helps and the eu 'd love to get a european flag on it . 
  apparently it was proposed by a unionist mp in the 1950s [ wikipedia article ( well worth the read ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_sea_fixed_crossing ), 
  it probably would have been sounded better pre 2008 and if i replaced the word balkans with greece . 
  i just thought the train times from rome and athens would be incredible . 
  as i said in another post , it 's more about the symbolism and vanity than practicality . 
  though who knows how useful these things might become . 
  turkey may join the eu one day and maybe one day greece and italy will not be having economic trouble and this train link would be incredible useful , profitable , ect . 
  most of these probably would n't be worth the cost , but i 'd love to see them happen !, 
  ireland such a big island ( in terms of land area ) and separate from britain by such a small amount of water . 
  it 'd be so great to be able to literally get one train from brussels/london/amsterdam / berlin straight to dublin or belfast . 
  it 's more for the symbolism than the economic benefit . 
  or even in the words of one us president `` we did it not because it was easy , but because it was hard '' . 
  to be honest , i 've always been a fan of vanity projects , like the moon landings & the shard & the panama canal and forth bridge and holland . 
  ah , ok i see what you 're saying there . 
  member states might still be more receptive to the idea than we give them credit , but you 're probably mostly right . 
  if a full political union was proposed today , it would certainly not pass . 
  i do n't know why some people are so anti referendum . 
  i 'm extremely pro europe , but surely we should actually have a referendum sometime . 
  maybe if the big parties like labour and the liberal democrats actually put in some work into campaigning that the eu was good instead of just letting the press and farage negatively campaign indefinitely , then maybe they 'd actually win the referendum and they could make him go away and deal with more serious issues . 
   considering the hostile attitude 99 % of member states have i think you might be making out that parties like ukip , true finns and germany first have more influence than they do . 
  there 's certainly hostility towards the eu in every country , but that by no means means the country is hostile to the eu . 
  it 'd be very surprising if there was no opposition to it . 
  there 's always two sides to a story . 
  axel sch\u00e4fer , vice chairman of the spd ( germany 's second largest political party ) , came to my sixth form yesterday and some people ( myself included ) asked him questions relating to the eu 's future and he saw it becoming stronger . 
  that 's also similar to angela merkel 's view which is to retain the status quo or give europe more power . 
  99 % of eu countries are ** not ** hostile to the eu , however in 100 % of eu countries there are * movements * which are hostile to the eu . 
  sorry , i just thought you were blowing something out of proportion there . 
  also , an important `` not yet '' reason is that the eu still has a troubling democratic deficit issue . 
  i would like it to be reformed before it becomes the major sovereign . 
   the 19th century ` nation state ' is dissolving , either because of supranational entities like the eu , the multi-ethnicity of western countries , and the strong determination of identity . 
  all european countries have this ` nation state ' logic at the core of their identity . 
  i 've seen this said before and i 've always found it a bit odd . 
  the european union at the moment is supra national and intergovernmental . 
  so it , at the moment , is relatively distinct from a nation state . 
  however , so long as the eu remains not being a nation state , that means its members are . 
  if the eu becomes so centralised that the nation states are no longer * nation * states then the * eu would be a nation state * like the . 
  so , the eu is n't going to abolish the nation state in europe , it 's just replacing it with fewer nation states . 
  so i \\ ve never understand this attitude towards nation states saying that `` they 're going to be abolished '' . 
  they 're not , some of them just might be replaced with a bigger federal entity . 
  that danish island has to be one of the best connected in the world now . 
  it 's now connected to the mainland of denmark , the mainland of sweden and the ( by proxy of one german island which has an additional tunnel anyway ) to mainland germany . 
  so britain 's been connected to the mainland , so has scandinavia . 
  we 've tunnelled through the alps . 
  you could also mention the amazing subway systems which were an epic building project in themselves bellow london and paris . 
  i think europe 's starting to get a bit of a reputation for these sorts of building projects . 
  now i 'm just waiting for the bridges/tunnels for these : * heel of italy and the balkans * [ ireland and britain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_sea_fixed_crossing#cite_note-10 ) * [ spain and morocco at the straight of gibraltar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_tunnel ) edit : included links to wikipedia pages about some of the proposed tunnels . 
  do n't think the italy/greece one is popular enough to garner its own wikipedia page . 
  we kept napoleon out using our winter ? 
  til !, 
  i 'd debt a considerable amount of money that every national eu government waists several times in excess of that figure by the hour . 
  might as well give a prize for some one to make a cool logo . 
  just because something somewhere is bad , does n't mean you should exclude other things , like art . 
  there 's a quote from shakespear states something pretty similar . 
  maybe it did . 
  either way the european constitution did n't come into affect , sadly . 
  perhaps all the naming mess would have been cleared up ... one can dream . 
  could someone explain what a `` giro '' is ? 
  the wikipedia page was confusing . 
  the blue tit being found all over europe i think is n't exactly to do with the motto of europe `` in varietate concordia '' but it is more about one of the founding ideals of the europe union . 
  we 're all a collection of very different people , but we have a lot in common . 
  the blue tit is a good example of that . 
  and my ^ ( winston churchill ) axe !, 
  the poster itself actually does n't affiliate the eu with it very strongly . 
  all it does is say a bunch of pro european unity things and have the european commission 's logo next to it . 
  i get what you mean though . 
  either way , i would n't base my knowledge of the event solely on a poster . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe_day as i said in a different comment , the eu is annoying very closely affiliated with europe day , but the two are n't necessarily linked . 
  there 's a huge amount of association between the two , but you do n't have to celebrate the eu if you celebrate europe day . 
  if i was french i could celebrate bastille day without celebrating the government of the day . 
  i would be celebrating my country , and not its political institutions . 
  as with europe day , i celebrate europe and its people and its culture but not its government . 
  i think that it would be better to simply rename certain jobs rather than replace them  borosso is more of a pirme minister , or chancellor . 
  so why not name him so ? 
  presidents are generally heads of state so rompuy can be president of the european council/president of the european union ; whilst borosso can be prime minister of the european commission/prime minister of the european union ; schulz can simply be speaker of the european parliament ; and draghi can simply be called head of the european central bank . 
  these names are not only simpler but also more descriptive of what their jobs actually are . 
  i think some of these people are more known than we give credit . 
  borosso and rampuy may not be as well known as your head of state , but i think they might be on par with high ranking cabinet ministers like teresa may ( home secretary , very important ) or william hague ( foreign secretary , importance : high ) . 
  given how famous these very * very * important people are and how important the heads of the european union bodies are , it seems about right . 
  they 're as famous as their jobs deserves . 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  i checked and do n't even have that option on my preferences . 
  odd . 
  to me it sounds non threatening and could be a synonym for something relating to the `` allow subreddits to show me custom styles '' or the `` display links with a reddit toolbar '' options . 
  europe day is about europe and not the european union . 
  though there are undesired links between the two . 
  you can celebrate europe day without celebrating the eu , and i fully advice it  i celebrate the queen 's birthday ( our national day ) without celebrating westminster . 
  i do wish that we could celebrate europe and europeaness without having to celebrate the eu . 
  i 'm pro both of them , it 's just that when i celebrate the queen 's birthday i 'm celebrating the country and not the government . 
  if i was french celebrating bastille day or american celebrating independence day i would be celebrating my country and not my government . 
  it feels as though europe day celebrates the eu a lot more than most national days celebrate their respective government bodies . 
  i want to celebrate europe and not my government . 
  the country is something we can bond over , but politics will always be divisive . 
  while we 're at it , could we get rid of some of the presidents of the eu/europe ? 
  we have between two and four at this point . 
  * borroso * rompuy * schulz ( eu parliament , less important ) * the head of the european central bank who i forget the name of all of them hold the title `` president of ( something , something ) europe/european '' . 
  gets really confusing for those not so acquainted with european politics/news and i 'm sure it alienates people . 
  it 's our right to have cctv cameras to protect us from ourselves !, 
  uk uk uk !, 
  do n't worry , the press would easily turn that around . 
  the endless stories of how europe is ruining our economy , * not through the various financial/currency problems * , but through giving us so many holidays that we lose productivity !,
