  saying `` people in europe do x '' implies that it is somewhat widespread like americans saying `` i 'm irish '' ( despite being not irish in anyway ) . 
  europeans who practice neolithic/celtic religions is similar to the proportion of americans who are in the kkk ( not that being a druid is anything like being in the kkk , it 's just that it 's a very exclusive group ), 
  birmingham ( england ) has a huge number of differences to london , new castle or cambridge , but i would n't start saying that they 're not all part of a wider english/british culture . 
  all of the cities and groupings inside the usa are much more similar to each other than they are , say , to canadian cities or mexican cities . 
  it 's distinctiveness from things outside the group and * relative * similarity to things inside the group that defines whether or not its a homogenous culture , not whether or not absolute difference exists . 
  you 'll always be able to find an absolute difference , but at the end of the day english cities are all a lot more like each other than they are french cities or scandinavian cities , which is why i would say england has a distinct culture . 
  tbf , i do kind of sympathise with what you 're saying , and it 's hard to say that as a brit to an american . 
  britain 's role in wwii , i think , is often over stated . 
  however , i do also think that america 's role in both world wars is overstated in the european theatre ( asian theatre is obviously a completely different matter though ) . 
  i certainly think that truman is an equally important president as fdr in terms of effects on world history . 
  fdr was the one who pushed the usa 's legally bound neutrality to breaking point which led to the usa getting involved in the war which did have a huge effect , even if that effect is often over stated . 
  truman was involved in the post war settlement , which is basically as important as the entire war ( what 's the point of starting or joining a war , if not to change/decide how it ends ) . 
  dropping a nuclear bomb is not that significant to world history . 
  it 's certainly a big deal from a moral point of view , and it will always stand out as the first time nuclear weapons were used . 
  however , at the end of the day they were just two really big bombs and neither of them killed as many people as the fire bombings of tokyo did . 
  churchill has a lot of similarities with roosevelt imo . 
  churchill could have chosen to continue its appeasement policy after they realised what a fight it would be to contain nazi germany . 
  british involvement in the war certainly saved western europe from either being under nazi occupation or soviet occupation . 
  if britain had surrendered ( which , as the blitzes continued would have seemed like an ever more appealing idea ) then there would have been no bastion of resistance to the germans in europe , apart from in the far east . 
  the thing which potentially makes him important is that he could have decided to make britain surrender , but he did n't . 
  also , his military tactics played a huge role in us being able to win the battle of britain and hold out . 
  other leaders might not have been able to do that . 
  and he played a huge role in shaping the settlement . 
  but , if not for him , there would have been a lot of other british prime ministers who would have taken similar choices . 
  not all of them . 
  he still deserves a lot of credit , but i do n't think he quite deserves to be in the top five most influential figures in european history of all time . 
  to anybody that things queen elizabeth ii , queen victory , winston churchill or any other great british figure should be on the list , why ? 
  i 've also thought these figures had a fairly limited effect on europe , outside of the uk and ireland . 
  you really do n't deserve to be getting downvoting . 
  it 's kind of stupid . 
  anyway , whilst this is indeed only your opinion , opinions can still be judged based on criteria . 
  just because it 's your opinion of what the top five are , does n't mean your opinion ca n't be wrong . 
  though i do like you taking an interesting slant on the question whilst most people pick from a fairly limited pool ( which even i have done ) . 
  i 'm not so sure that the leader 's actions were predictable . 
  i think it was pretty certain there would be a germany-soviet conflict , the uk was definitely pre-inclined to fight against germany rather than do anything else but with the us it would have been much more unpredictable . 
  they had neutrality by act of congress but roosevelt heavily implicated the us with the allies by embargoing one group , and lending resources to the other . 
  i think you 're placing a bit too much importance on being the `` first '' to do something . 
  for instance , even if the roman emperors did follow alexander the great 's example of a ruler ( which i 'm skeptical as to whether they really did that much , outside of hairstyles ) , it 's highly likely that they would have become the people they become independently . 
  i mean , i could have been the first person to develop fire , but that does n't mean all the people around the rest of the world who developed fire after me were stealing my ideas . 
  it 's also possible that certain civilisations later on might have taken note of ancient greek history , but would have embarked on the same journeys they did whether the had cited the greeks or not . 
  i 'm not arguing that a lot of greeks are n't hugely important to european history , but i do n't think that greece is quite worthy of occupying all the top five spots . 
  what about cesar , hitler , marx , columbus , napoleon , einstein , newton , genghis kahn , bismarck , john locke , descartes , leonardo di vinci . 
  karl marx was a good one that i 'd forgotten about . 
  i very nearly put the whole orchestra of world war two leaders in mine as well , but it lead to me to a difficult question . 
  should one include franklin d. roosevelt ( and potentially harry s. truman ) in that list ? 
  i could n't decide whether or not to . 
   jesus is on the top of the list , no question . 
  even if you disagree with christianity , and even if jesus himself never actually existed , christianity has probably been the single most important advent in the western world . 
  if christianity would have taken the same path it did whether or not jesus existed , surely that means jesus himself had relatively little influence on world and european history , and therefor is relatively unimportant . 
  he 's the figure head and symbol of a very influential movement , but the man himself is not very important . 
  gandhi 's totally the most influential european of all time . 
   dolph hitler/joseph stalin/franklin roosevelt/harry truman *** winston churchill *** ** ftfy !, 
  martin luther the reason why people closer to the top of the list are progressively more modern , is because the more modern they , the greater a role they played determining that world war ii happened , and the result of that war . 
  the reason i place such significant importance on world war ii is because world war ii completely change the paradigm of how european nations work together . 
  the core european powers ( most notably france and germany ) have been at war for centuries but now they are the most populous and largest economies in a shared currency union . 
  the nature of the eu might change , and the international paradigms might change again , but france and germany as well as several other core eu currencies fevestated by various european conflicts will be economically and politically connected for centuries . 
  even beyond france and germany 's unification , it has , in the long term , encouraged democracy to spread to spain and portugal , after the fall of the dictatorships and to the former eastern bloc . 
  it 's also brought about organisations and charters independent of the eu , like the european council and its convention on human rights . 
  it brought about the organisation for security and co-operation in europe . 
  it brought about * the united nations * . 
  all of these changes to how the world works will endure for a long time beyond today . 
  the intergovernmentalism fostered in the aftermath of the second world war , will stick around for long after i 'm dead and gone . 
  it 's for that reason , that the leaders who played a role in all of these new features of humanity coming into existence , are some of the most important characters in human and european history . 
  on this note , i was quite surprised to see the hugely negative response in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  not that i expect them to be positive towards , it but 200 + comments and it being at the top of that of the sub was still a surprise . 
   megathread was created to solve the situation when half of the / r/europe front page was filled with ukrainian-related topics in other words , the megathread was created for posts regarding ukraine . 
  this is not a significant development and even if it was it should go in the megathread because then all sorts of other people will come along and post information that they think is `` important '' and then we 're in exactly the same situation we were in before the megathread . 
  i go and check out that thread every day and then i go back and check / r/europe for all the other news . 
  the thing is , normally ukip just does n't turn up and does n't vote . 
  for instance farage has only voted 45 % of legislation he was able to . 
  yet , they all mobilised , turned up , and deliberately voted against . 
  very odd . 
  na , i think it 's gon na be warm lions . 
  as the earth gets hotter lions will spread out from africa and start consuming the entire world , and global warming will have caused it so they 'll be warm lions , which are like ten times worse . 
  it 's like saying super mutant lions . 
  you know how in all of those films people get effected by radiation and then get magic powers ? 
  well global warming is weird and scary like that too , so it 'll probably also give animals super powers . 
  * yeah !, 
   it 's a major development of the situation , so it 's better to discuss here , and not in the megathread . 
  better for whom ? 
  better for those who want to discuss the ukraine crisis ? 
  perhaps . 
  better for those who want to enjoy other news as well ? 
  not so much , which is why the ukraine mega thread was installed in the first place and why there are entirely different subs for it . 
  i do n't even feel like this is a particularly relevant development as any one who 's been following the situation knew that the anti-terrorist operations were going to restart , given that they were only called of for an easter moratorium . 
  a significant development would be something which was not such a forgone conclusion and actually had effect on the situation . 
  as it stands this has no effect on the situation because nothings actually happened yet . 
  if you posted a thread later after the ukrainian troops had actually encountered something or achieved something , then you might have an argument . 
  this definitely belongs in the megathread . 
   canada and the uk do n't have two-party systems or strong majority governments * yes we do * . 
  the uk is currently in coalition but this is almost unprecedented in uk history ( there was a labour minority government in the seventies which relied on liberal support , but that was a minority government not a coalition ) . 
  it is likely to return to the long term tradition of either labour or the conservative party forming majority governments . 
  there are other uk parties , obviously , the greens , ukip and the liberal democrats come to mind but these are minority parties who have never seen political power in westminster apart from in the 2010 government which as i have said before is nearly unpresedented . 
  canada is very similar . 
  it has a two party system but other parties do exist . 
  there has recently been some change in this , as in the uk and i am not sure whether the two party tradition is likely to continue or not in canada , but apart from in its most recent elections its always been one of the two main parties forming a majority government . 
   do you still need some sort of medial certificate to buy weed ? 
  it varies depending on what state , but in california you basically have to turn up and say `` please '' and you get a weed card . 
  there are , however , some states which do n't allow medical marijuana at all . 
  but about half the states now have access to the drug in some form or another .
