  you ca n't really say that about asia because of japan , china and iran . 
  still , as bad as empire is and everything ... you ca n't say it is n't impressive . 
  4/5 continents . 
  we should totally plant a european flag on the moon and mars, 
  hmm ? 
  europeans have colonised four continents . 
  who else is better fit for the job of colonising space ? 
  whilst this looks like progress on the russian side , i think there 's a good chance they 're just doing it to appease the west , specifically france , into sticking to the official un route of intervention and thus never intervening . 
  thee 's been some powerful-ish words coming from france about syria . 
   * he said that if the united nations security council could not make a decision , one would have to be taken `` in other ways , '' although he did not elaborate on what those might be . 
   * he told french broadcaster bfmtv that `` there would have to be a reaction with force from the international community '' if assad force 's gassed civilians . 
  [ source ] ( http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/08/22/20129755-reaction-with-force-needed-if-syria-chemical-attack-verified-france-says?lite ) from the sounds of if russia or china blocked sending in even a team to figure out if chemical weapons were used then france or other western powers might just start ignoring the un and intervene anyway . 
  so it is in russia 's interest to look like the un is doing something even if russia and china are only going to block any and everything which effects their interests in the area . 
  so it 's a token gesture with no real force behind it in my opinion , but i hope to be proven wrong . 
  i 'm just not going to get my hopes up . 
  you 're doing an awful lot of self posts recently beefat99, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
   average iq , non-corrupt president haha , good one . 
  yeah this is the reason i did n't upvoate the thread . 
  what the fuck is `` better '' ? 
  you could use `` make better '' to mean or to justify doing anything . 
  we 're not invading france . 
  we 're making it better . 
   i agree , and i would argue that all of them are right i think you 're * mostly * right , but i would n't go so far as to say that all younger generations are right about their predecessors holding back progress . 
  i mean , as time marches on , usually progress is following quickly behind . 
  but every so often we will take a big step backwards or end up on a huge detour from real progress . 
  the rise of fascism in the 1930s is the prime example . 
  a step in the wrong direction which had to be corrected a few decades later . 
  it was a step made almost everyone at the time and it was a step in the wrong direction . 
  i 'd like to use a different example but unfortunately fascism is the only one which is so indisputably a mis-step and something so well known . 
  ahhhhhh this is how i 've spent my summer holiday so far . 
  broke out fallout new vegas . 
  once i 'd played that for 60 or 70 hours ( keeping in mind this is my third play through so far ) i decided to play fallout 3 instead and so far i 'm on about 20 or 30 hours . 
  i did n't plan to do this . 
  it just happened . 
  and it was absolutely glorious . 
  i regret nothing . 
  well i 'm here are n't i ? 
  well i 'm heading to munich/m \u00fcnchen in late october/november and we 're gon na check out the city and check out the surrounding wildnerness which basically means we 're going to see [ neuschwanstein ] ( http://www.baviere-quebec.org/imperia/md/quebec/tourismus/neuschwanstein_bild.jpeg ) !!!, 
  it 's * literally * the castle that the disney castle was based off of . 
  it should still be reasonably sunny so you might be able to do this surfing thing on the lakes there , but i 've ( as of yet ) not been so i could n't really tell you . 
  anyway , i 'm not going to sing the praises of that too much because i 'd worry i 'm misleading you . 
  i mean , if a german is reading i 'd love some advise myself of what to do in the city/region . 
  if you want something a bit different from the normal touristy attractions and places which you would normally holiday to , i would recommend luxembourg . 
  the city itself is actually , largely a [ un world heritage site ] ( http://goo.gl/aohjm ) and it 's not somewhere a lot of people have been , so you get culture ( browny ) points for that . 
  other political parties have been in far worse situations than this and still made huge come backs . 
  do n't count your chickens . 
  even if the party dwindles and makes losses compared to previous elections it 'll still probably get a few percent of the vote and that 's uncomfortable . 
  google translate :  this visit will make international headlines - probably even more negative . 
  because on tuesday strache, 
  i 'm not sure what the audio was there for . 
  it 's not like it helped validate that anything was correct . 
  you could n't make out what they were saying at any point or even if they were speaking at all . 
  does n't really help make the transcript seem any more legitimate . 
  seems that a political party 's stance would be `` my vote is worthless therefor i wont vote '' considering that they want people to turn out and vote for them , even in wards where people feel their vote is worthless . 
  odd . 
  maybe there are more right wing than i thought . 
  hmm , it depends where in england . 
  if you 've lived in the south ( south but not including certain areas of london ) then yeah , that bit of the uk is pretty hugely different to scandinavia . 
  but if you look at the rest of the uk like the north of england , scotland , wales , the south west , northern ireland then you start being able to see the cultural similarities . 
  for instance , look at the policies which the scottish national party are pursuing and you realise that it starts to look quite similar to norway , especially in terms of oil and renewable energies . 
  i 'm from the north personally and just about everyone i know , irrespective of age , gender or profession aspire to a more scandinavian way of life rather than an american way of life . 
  it does beg the question of what the majority of the uk wants though . 
  i mean , * almost * half the population of the uk lives in the south . 
  it 's an interesting one . 
  i used to know a bunch of people who 'd go up to a field in the peak district every year and ` party ' for about two weeks until the farm owners are about to tell them to leave . 
  the owners provide this weird toilet block thing . 
  it 's not a nice place to begin with but every year someone , some how always manages to smear poop up the walls in the boys ' toiletting area . 
  happened three years in a row now and know one knows who it is every time . 
  some people think it might be an animal but i doubt a dog would be able to smear the poop up so many different walls and so high . 
  i do n't drink much anymore . 
  heheheheee sounds about right, 
  hm i think a lot of the memorials serve double duty . 
  in sheffield there 's war memorials fuckin ' everywhere if you keep an eye out . 
  but usually they were built for wwi but then modified to commemorate wwii also . 
  food in britain is excellent . 
  british food is terrible . 
  with the notable exception of fish and chips . 
  but british food can be amazing too , but only if you like big , stogy , greasy food . 
  it 's lovely and filling and full of flavour , but if you do n't feel like eating it it can make you feel a bit sick . 
  royals are n't important enough any more . 
  get cameron to marry rajoy . 
  and if cameron is too important then we can use prince nick or something . 
  i 'm surprised how few people are saying england to be honest . 
  ( do n't read : disappointed ) . 
  i mean every one in this sub speaks english and the job market is reasonably good compared to a lot of the souther countries and i 've only seen two people say they 'd move to england so far . 
  come on , we ca n't be that bad :(, 
  i agree . 
  it really does undermine your point . 
  i would kind of agree with you if you were n't over stating the facts so much . 
  it makes it very hard to take what you say seriously when you slip in gross over generalisations and make the situation akin to some third world country . 
  `` britain has a tradition of curtailing freedom of speech '' . 
  yeah i can see that there is a modicum of truth in there but that 's like saying `` nick clegg is literally worse than saddam hussain and hitler combined '' . 
  yeah maybe nick clegg 's a bit of a disappointment but it makes your message is completely lost on me because you 're distorting the facts so hard . 
   the uk , where there is a long tradition of curbing free speech . 
  yeah if i had to pick one thing which was bad about northern ireland i 'd pick the periodic riots . 
  kind of ruins the image . 
  if those would just , you know , not happen every year then i 'd probably think ni 's a lovely place . 
  but sadly it always feels kind of tainted for me because of it . 
  i 'm just very used to the idea of the place being kind of in a worse condition then the rest of the uk and would expect that to be reflected in the statistics .
