  in the case of the the various pre 1600s people of the americas , it was more than just their achievements which were wiped out . 
  i 'll make everyone think i hate it but secretly , inside , deeply i 'll be loving it ^ ^ but ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ tell ^ ^ anyone, 
  that 's like trying to square a circle or divide by zero, 
  they 're part of the family , but can unfortunately hardly ever make it to the family gatherings because of personal reasons . 
  they can be included !, 
  all of em , relatively speaking that is . 
  i 'm pretty happy with my quality of life and think we 're doing fantastic compared to all those countries which the west steamed rolled over the top of in previous centuries . 
  there 's only 500 million of us and when you think about how bad people have it in the middle east , rural china , indonesia , india , africa , and even mexico and latin america . 
  we 're doing pretty good in world terms . 
  it 's very easy to get lost in the doom and gloom of the headlines but really , but ask yourself this , would you rather be born in greece as a greek citizen ( or any other eu country for that matter ) between 1990 and 2010 or would you rather be born in the middle east in the same period ? 
  or rural china ? 
  or any of the other places i mentioned . 
  yeah , it 's kind of hard to expect people to know what / r/europe 's current calendar of regular events is , if they have to be on checking the sub a few times a day for like an entire week . 
  and even then there 's not really a guarantee . 
  yes , your britannic and unrivalled majesty , who without you we would be lost and hopeless without vision , we the people of the earth agree to unite under your glorious field of red , white and blue of which the combination of colours is your own creation , and to bask in the glory of the superior british race and all their marvellous inventions which include winning the world cup , beating hitler , and civilising the rest of the world . 
  we agree to do all of the above most graciously and are glad that you picked us , the entire population of the earth to carry out your orders instead of one of your various species which reside on other inter-galactic bodies like gama-123 and newton-32b . 
  thank you gracious overlords , we will carry out your task with all due speed, 
  the recent sunny spell makes that seem less true . 
  it made me realise i love the cold weather . 
  back in the day , she was a butter face . 
  the stereotype i 've found with italians is that they 'll `` communicate '' like crazy with their hands and voices , but almost all of it is indecipherable . 
  like when they get angry at a foreigner and just start arguing in italian despite knowing no one else speaks it . 
  it is mostly just a stereotype though :p, 
   i finnish girl once told me , that the finns are the italians of scandinavia . 
  can confirm . 
  source : there was one finnish guy at the national session of eyp and he was cool as hell . 
  there are no photographers watching , i promise . 
  they 're similar but not the same . 
  the pivotal difference being that mock the weak is shit and who 's line is pretty good . 
  but after that mock the week only ever does one liners ( which is kind of like what we 're doing here ) where as who 's line they 'll do entire made up routines and guessing games and keep continuing the joke and extending it . 
  they 're quite different styles of show , but with some similarities . 
  but i guess for the purposes of explaining you could use either , but it 's probably still better to use who 's line as an example because it 's a better show and more people have heard of it . 
  germany : `` oh come on , surely you can buy a submarine or something ? 
  everyone needs a submarine ! '', 
  what about sausages ? 
  it kind of supports what a lot of people have been saying , that developing economies will provide the way out of the global recession and that europe and co will be able to jump onto that train with exports . 
  i 'll probably go look at precisely where the increase in uk imports is . 
  i put the odds at 60 % that a bric country is contributing heavily . 
  literally he means `` the holocaust hast never taken place '' . 
  so spot on !, 
  this is the response i gave someone else in the same thread  it 's good to look at this from multiple perspective , but i really do n't think the athletes are too important in this . 
  it sound ridiculous saying that athletes are n't important to the olympics but hear me out . 
  2,600 athletes went to the 2010 vancouver olympics ( according to wikipedia at least ) . 
   i 'd wager that the number of russians subjected to legal and institutional discrimination is well above that . 
  based on the percent of lgtb in liberal societies like the uk and usa which puts the gay population at between 3 and 5 percent that means that there are very roughly speaking 7 million russians subjected to such discrimination . 
  this figure is very rough , but no matter which way you look at it the number of lgtb russians is going to be at least seven digits long . 
  that rather blows the number of olympic athletes out of the water at a meagre two thousand six hundred . 
  that 's a drop in the ocean compared to the millions of persecuted lgtb russians . 
   further more , the olympic athletes are simply being denied a great luxury , all be it a luxury they have worked hard to obtain . 
  but a meagre luxury and honour non the less . 
  where as what is happening to lgtb russians is not simply that they are having a few luxuries removed but that they are having their quality of life ruined and by some interpretations being denied their rights ( the european convention on human rights , of which russia and the whole rest of europe bar belarus is a signatory , enshrines that people have a right to marry and to a family life and lgtb people in russia have neither ) . 
   so what i 'm saying is that the athletes are pretty irrelevant in this regard . 
  yeah , it 's regrettable that they might not be able to compete , but that is a sadness that is easily justifiable compared to the lively hoods of the russian lgtb community which is faces far worse hardships and in far greater numbers . 
   i 'm not saying that i do think the olympics should be cancelled all together , but i do n't think that the issue you raised should be a reason to not cancel . 
   edit : whilst this post is still only seconds old i 'd like to also point out that boycotting the 2014 winter olympics is also , in the eyes of stephen fry , a preventative measure to stop the situation for a minority group deteriorating even further . 
  stephen draws a lot of parallels with hitler and the olympics then and how it legitimised hitler in the eyes of many people , including germans whilst he was persecuting jews . 
  stephen fry makes the argument that allowing putin to host these games would do the same and thus justify the things he is doing both to putin and to his electorate as well as the international community . 
  the idea is to let the whole world know that this must be stopped and then the pain that lgbt people have suffered must be reversed and prevented from getting even worse . 
  i see . 
  as an aside , you 've really travelled around a lot . 
   do n't think of europe like it 's the us . 
  we 're not a very homogenuous bunch and there are large differences ******  europe has a big racism problem but nobody wants to admit it so europe is huge and varied yet the entire continent has the same problem and not one of it 's 500,000,000 inhabitants in it 's various varied cultures is willing to admit that it is a problem . 
  sounds like you 're giving conflicting information . 
  well most of those countries are pretty identical culturally . 
  i mean , switzerland , germany and austria all speak german and i 'd be quite surprised if they did n't all share a lot of cultural characteristics like the brusqueness . 
  i 'm friends with quite a few austrians ( ich lerne deutsche und meine \u00f6sterreichisch freunde helfen mich ) and from once they get down slating their fellow german speaking neighbours for all manner of things ( in a similar way i 'd slate the welsh , scottish and irish ) they 'll occasionally mention that they are basically the same people living in different places ( which is how i would describe the english , scottish welsh and , to an extent , irish ) . 
  tl : dr from what i understand peoples in the german speaking countries are pretty similar . 
  as for italians and the dutch ) , well , i know the dutch share it to an extent ( they expect you to say when you want a refill instead of pestering you and asking about it ) but i really ca n't say with anywhere near as much certainty . 
  basically what i am trying to say is that you 've travelled around a lot of places with this very brusque culture . 
  are you sure you 've not just been a victim of the infamous german ( how do you say this ) ` brusqueness ' ? 
  they 're known for being very frank about things and not dressing up their words to make them appear more friendly . 
  they 're also known for not fake smiling or anything . 
  it can look like hostility . 
  my apologises if you 're born and raised in that region , in which case you 're probably fully aware of this . 
  out of curiosity , which bit of the continent do you live in ? 
  it depends what part of each country . 
  in every single european countries there are places that you should n't go . 
  these places sometimes change slightly depending on what kind of a person you are . 
  there are places in my own city i would n't go simply because i 'm white ( i live in england by the way ) . 
  just like there are other places in the other english cities that you should n't go to because you are ` of colour ' . 
  but what 's important is that in pretty much every european country you 'll be fine in most places . 
  there are some places that you you should n't go , obviously , but that 's true everywhere . 
  i mean , there are places you should n't go irrespective of how you look because in some places you ' l get mugged no matter who you are . 
  so basically , you 're going to have to do it on an area by area basis . 
  for example if you were looking at london , you 'd have to evaluate whether southwalk is an appropriate area and if not , check out brixton or the square mile or something ( i do n't actually know anything about these places ; never lived in london ) . 
  the only real difference you 'll find between countries is the number of these avoidable locations , but as i 've said , you 'll be able to get around pretty much every where in every eu country . 
  not so sure about non eu countries which is important given that you 've said you 're interested in the balkans , but i 'm sure someone from the region will pop their head in and verify that they 're pretty much the same as everywhere else , at least in this regard . 
  what stephen fry is suggesting is not that individual nations withdraw their athletes as happened in 1980 and 1984 but that the entire olympics are either moved or stopped altogether . 
  so it 's not very easily comparable to your examples . 
  i 'm not saying that we should use athletes as political tools . 
  i 'm saying that the entire olympics should not be held in russia as a message to all that this sort of thing is not appropriate . 
  sure you can call it using the olympics as a political tool , but not using athletes as a political tool . 
  the athletes , as i have said , are irrelevant . 
  as for non lgbt russians being ok and even advocating discrimination , that does n't make it ok and stopping the olympics would help stop the spread of such kinds of thinking . 
  as fry pointed out , hitler hosting the olympic games legitimised him and his message in the eyes of many germans and made many more germans accept him . 
  the same thing would happen in russia . 
  many russians who are currently not quite accepting of putin would see him as more accepted in a national context and subsequently see all of his and his colleagues views as more acceptable . 
  that 's not something we can allow in terms of what it might justify the russian government to do with its lgtb minority . 
  i 've never understood this criticism . 
  i 've heard a polish person make it about poland but he was being a lot more honest and genuinely did blame the allies for not liberating poland .
