  i 'm the queen , of course we can use the royal one , as we embody the nation, 
  there are tescos in china ? 
  wow , i had no idea how successful that brand had become . 
  any story about tesco on the international market is basically how it is failing to enter the us market . 
  * clap clap clap clap * good show !, 
  i think we 'd need some one to write a ph.d level report on that question if we were to get anything like a reputable answer . 
  yes , the electorate is inherently uninformed compared to specialists and experts . 
  yes , it is an inherent flaw of democracy as forcing people to vote contradicts the very freedoms democracy supports . 
  the thing is , it 's not only an unrepresentative portrayal of public opinion , it also means that the elections have less legitimacy by virtue of people not turning out . 
  an election with 1 % turnout will never have as much legitimacy as one with 80 % or 100 % . 
  even if the 99 % had every ability to vote , it still does n't mean that they have entirely consented to the result . 
  not voting is merely a sign of not voting . 
  one could not vote out of apathy , contentment or * not vote because they disagree with the whole system * e.g. 
  russell brand or the various referendums during the breakup of yugoslavia where the oppressed group in a given area would typically boycott the referendum . 
  if you do n't see something as legitimate or worthy of being legitimate , then one typically does n't participate with that thing . 
  you ca n't determine that all abstentions were through apathy . 
  a non vote is a non vote . 
  it does degrade the legitimacy of whatever is being voted on . 
  it does more than merely providing a slanted view of a public 's opinion . 
   and on top of that the failed vote to oust the president happened while swoboda and right wing protesters with firearms forced the parliament to oust him do you have a source for this ? 
  from what i understood , for the majority of the crisis it was [ government men who are in the parliament with armed weapons ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26304842 ) and the only day they were not present , was the day when the vote to oust yanukovych took place . 
  if there were armed maidan protesters * in parliament * then that would put the authority of parliament 's decisions in serious jeopardy and i might be inclined to call it a coup as well . 
  however , as someone who followed and continues to follow the crisis day by day , i would have thought i 'd have seen something about this by now . 
  you 're right that the three quarters majority required for impeachment was not quite reached , as only 73 % voted in favour of impeachment , however it is unclear how many abstentions , absentees and negative votes there were . 
  there were about 20 abstentions , then the three quarters majority will have been easily reached and impeachment valid . 
  however i ca n't find any numbers regarding abstentions on google and in english so i ca n't pursue that point . 
  even if the impeachment of yanukovych is n't valid ( which i believe it is ) the calling of new presidential elections , and therefor the appointment of the newly elected president , is legitimate because they were given assent by the sitting president ( which happened not to be yanukovych , because he was unable to president , by virtue of not being in the country ), 
  it 's still a bit of a stretch to imply that an election with 30 % turnout is as legitimate as an election with 55 % turnout or higher . 
  it 's also not the same because in the eu we were voting for a parliament , where as in ukraine they were voting for a president . 
  i agree with the sentiment of the article and i agree that whenever you see the results of an election it 's implied that those who did n't vote are n't counted , but it 's still important to remember that 's not a like for like comparison . 
  i would n't say ` apples and oranges ' but maybe ` apples and pears ' ? 
  it 's not really the same , but there are enough similarities to draw some meaningful , if tentative , conclusions . 
  i believe the democratic basis for the three svboda ministers was that the svboda party coalitioned with father land ( the second largest party , after the yanukovych 's party of regions ) which allowed the two to form a majority which they used to oust the previous government and the sitting president . 
  it should be noted that svboda have a lot more than the 1.6 % shown in the linked article , because the linked article is counting the ukrainian presidential election which was this week , whilst those sitting in the ukrainian parliament were elected several years ago with a small , but much larger percentage of the vote . 
  seeing as they are a member of a majority coalition government , it only stands to reason that they should get a few ministerial positions as heads of departments . 
  coalition governments always give disproportionate amounts of power and influence to the smaller members , however , the larger partner in a coalition always yields more power overall so it usually ends up being quite fair . 
  so the situation is worse in that svboda have a lot more of the vote in parliamentary elections than is shown in the link , but the situation is also more positive because the overthrowing of yanukovych was done legally , through an elected parliament and replaced with an appropriate figure ( the speaker of the ukrainian parliament , as the deputy president and pm had fled along with yanukovych ) . 
  the new parliament also then held elections for the new president , which were legitimate and further distance the government from fascism . 
  it 's a pretty positive situation , all in all . 
  i think turkey is already pretty firmly in the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  it 's within various pan-european clubs , such as the customs union and does most of its trade with eu countries ( france , the uk and germany make up 18 % of its export market , where as russia only makes up 4 % ) . 
  let 's also not forget that they are a nato member , which is the epitome of the western bloc . 
  eu membership is a far flung goal , and maybe even a dream at this point , but they 're still very much in our sphere . 
  i do n't think we should let them have eu membership without making the proper reforms . 
  once they are within europe , there is only so much we can do to ensure democracy , the rule of law , respect for human rights and economic reforms are embraced in turkey . 
  we should n't waste that card on a distant thread from russia . 
  the thing is , whilst we have laws which can force information to be removed , that usually only removes it from one specific place , but the information will have spread to several other places already . 
  doing it through the search engines stops people 's access to all the sources of this defaming material . 
  or at least in practice . 
  we 'll have to see how it goes . 
  i think it 's a good principle and a principle that we should improve , but i think that the implementation of this is poor . 
  at the moment it looks like people will just be able to contact google and ask them to remove it . 
  google then has the option of taking it to court or just accepting . 
  the problem is , google is going to err on the side of caution and accept a lot of things which have a real right to be on the internet . 
  i like that it is being done through search engines , rather than the current method of closing down each , individual site that violates someone 's privacy , because as anybody who 's seen a picture viral knows , that just does n't work . 
  recognising search engines as a legitimate and distinct part of the internet is recognising the current realities of the situation and helps us find an effective remedy to the infringing of people 's right to be forgotten . 
  it 's just that this ruling is clumsy and is far too open to abuse . 
  i want the right to be forgotten , but i also do n't want an internet open to censorship in this way . 
  i 'm glad that progress is being made , but i 'd prefer to return to the status quo before this ruling and wait for a proper solution to come , rather than having this dangerous solution in the meantime . 
  anybody else thing that this juxtaposes quite nicely with putin 's meetings with the leaders of kazhakstan and belarus ? 
  seems to perfect to be a coincidence . 
  according to the wikipedia page * costs at the moment are around # 15,000 per kilogram , but would drop to # 650/kilogram with skylon , including r and d . this is the main reason i get excited about it . 
  it is a somewhat plausible method of getting things into space cheaply . 
  there also seems to be a genuine market in space exploration expanding hugely . 
  for instance , virgin galactic is * finally * meant to have its first flight this year and google co-founder larry page recently started pumping money into some sort of interesting asteroid mining program . 
  there 's also other space tourism companies pudding to compete with virgin galactic . 
  there 's recent rise of spacex in america as well , which is a huge boost for the private space industry . 
  china 's also got * its own space station * operational . 
  it 's for these reasons that i am very optimistic about the future of space exploration in my life time . 
  one of the things i 'm really looking forward to is a slightly more cordially space race between the european space agency ( which is the second best funded space agency * in the world * ) and the chinese space agency , and possibly with nasa as well . 
  china and the eu really have the potential to turn the tables in terms on russia and the us with this one . 
  so yeah , very exciting times we 're living in . 
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_ ( spacecraft ), 
  or i could just ask you what you mean which has worked out very well in this instance and i am very grateful for your speedy reply , 
  anybody have a timeline for what the next hurdles are and when we will get the answers ? 
  it 's a very exciting project . 
  so you mean `` and '' as in those three combined or `` or '' as in those three individually are all bigger than the eurasian union ? 
  pooropean union, 
  hmm , it 's more culturally important to russia than that . 
  remember that the kievian russ , which later went on to morph sort of into the modern russian state began in kiev , ukraine . 
  it 'd be like the usa losing new york or some other important state ( s ) on the east coast , but keeping washington . 
  nobody ever expected ukraine to end up outside of moscow 's direct control , and when the soviet union split up ( which was hugely unexpected ) nobody ever expected that ukraine would stop being pro-russian . 
  it 's basically the same system used in parliamentary democracy . 
  you elect representatives ( mps et al ) , and then those representatives vote for the leader ( first minister , prime minister , chancellor ect ) . 
  the only distance is the system is slightly further away . 
  our own systems are woefully undemocratic and the eu is actually a lot more democratic than an awful lot of european countries ( my own included ) yet the eu gets most of the blame . 
  strange . 
  and napoleon did n't care about eradicating the monarchy , which is why he crowned himself emperor and tried to start his own line of succession !, 
  i agree with you that lincoln gets more credit than he deserves , but i am not arguing with you about that . 
  you are ignoring my real point , which is that you are applying when set of standards to famous dictators and another to famous democrats . 
  i think it 's pretty apparent at this point that you are using double standards and that your point ( that almost no great leaders were elected ) does n't stand up to even moderately close inspection . 
  and churchill also got elected again in 1951 after clement attlee had been pm for a while . 
  democrats tend not to go around starting pointless wars , which are the things that make most admired dictators , like napoleon , famous . 
  it does n't stop their achievements , when war finds them , any less of a testament to their great leadership qualities . 
  and lincoln overthrew a centuries old tradition which literally enslaved millions of people and shaped the north american continent just as much as napoleon shaped the european continent . 
  i 'm not saying napoleon was n't a great man ( actually i think the term is quite arbitrary and glosses over all sorts of other important factors ) but that you should apply the same standards to ` dictators ' that you do to democrats , and visa versa which you 're obviously not doing . 
  i 'm accusing you of having double standards in order to prove a moot point . 
  and napoleon started a costly war against russia which took thousands of french and russia lives for no good reason other than some appeal to nationalism , yet you consider napoleon a great leader . 
  double standards . 
  winston churchill , franklin d roosevelt , lloyd george , woodrow wilson , clement attlee ( as deputy pm to churchill ) great domestic leaders : charles de gaul ^ ( ( should be along side attlee , but leaders of the french resistance were n't elected , so he 's as president of france ) ^ ) , margaret thatcher , hermit kohl , theodor roosevelt .
