  other news sites reporting on the incident : major french newspaper * le figaro * : [ ` une fusillade \u00e9clate en plein paris ' ( gun fight in the middle of paris ) ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2015/11/13/97001-20151113filwww00400-une-fusillade-a-paris-a-fait-plusieurs-morts.php ) main newspaper * le monde * : [ ` une fusillade fait plusieurs bless\u00e9s dans le 11e arrondissement ' ( a shooting injured several people in the 11th district learn more about ) ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2015/11/13/fusillade-meurtriere-a-paris_4809485_3224.html ), 
  opportunity = !, 
  prosperity . 
  i 'd say that germany is - land of relative prosperity ( compared to most the rest europe , although compared to select other countries like in scandinavia that 's obviously not the case ) where as the uk is the land of opportunity . 
  the uk has a lot of opportunities to get very wealthy , with * huge * side effects for inequality . 
  many regions in the uk rank in the poorest ten regions in the whole eu ( places like rotherham and north wales ) . 
  so poverty is a very real thing in the uk for a lot of people . 
  germany , on the other hand , is much more egalitarian and far far fewer people are in poverty . 
  it 's not perfect . 
  there 's still inequality and poverty , but to a far lesser degree than in the uk . 
  depends what you want out of a country really, 
  to be fair , if you hang around other news subreddits you get to use them quite often . 
  still , although i personally support the german holocausr denial and verheztung laws , it 's still a pretty morally okay stance to stand up for free speech . 
  i do agree that this is a fact ( which can be proven right or wrong ) and therefore can be subject to higher legal status , but still . 
  i can see where the people who are saying that this is a curtailment of free speech are coming from . 
  supporting free speech is definitely not the same thing as being or supporting a holocaust denier, 
  i really does n't looklike many people are defending her . 
  i can hardly see any comments doing that , let alone upvoted ones, 
   daesh upvotes for use of appropriate name . 
  -- apropos the rest of your comment . 
  i agree it would have been resource intensive to maintain the occupation along the lines of japan or germany post 1945 . 
  however , i think the world , including the united states , will pay more in the long term for not solving the problem decisively . 
  japan and germany ( and italy ) have become strong u.s. / western allies and trading partners . 
  iraq has become a source of international terrorism that we will have to expend resources to fight , and will likely have to back up in the future in some sort of third gulf war . 
   italy 's anti-terrorism chief giuseppe governale , announcing the details of `` operation jweb , '' called it `` the most important international police operation in europe in 20 years . '' if this is the most important for 20 years , what happened 20 years ago that was so important ? 
  and we 're quite right to do that . 
  just because somebody is a criminal does n't stop them being human . 
  and so long as they are human they have human rights . 
  human rights apply to everyone , everywhere . 
  we can not be complicit in allowing torture and murder . 
  this is one of the main things that makes us better than the terrorists . 
  we can do for more than that . 
  and we have to to far more than that . 
  all that is needed for evil to succeed is for good people to stand by and do nothing . 
  it 's not good enough to just hope that with some luck they 'll be voted out of office . 
  you have to make the effort yourself to figure out what a real alternative is , to promote that alternative , vote for parties that support it and encourage others to do the same . 
  we ca n't afford to wait another five years . 
  catastrophic climate change will be locked in by then . 
  we need serious emissions reductions to be started in one or two years around the western developed world otherwise it will be impossible to make the necessary reductions . 
  we need governments that are serious about climate change as soon as possible , not limp wristed political promises for the next decade . 
   at one point the queen chatted for a few moments with italian prime minister , silvio berlusconi as a few inches away the french president nicolas sarkozy held an animated discussion , through an interpreter , with us secretary of state hillary clinton . 
  it 's somehow an utterly strange experience to imagine berlusconi anywhere near our queen . 
  it makes me feel somehow uncomfortable . 
  it 's also interesting how all of these people 's positions have changed utterly since this article was written in 2009 . 
  sarkozy was voted out and is now trying to be voted in again . 
  berlusconi is out , and under corruption charges ( sort of ) and clinton is no longer secretary of state and is running for the presidency . 
  the charles is still there though , unfortunately . 
  hmm , that 's interesting . 
  i 'd never considered the distinction between national parliaments and national governments in this way regarding eu politics . 
  normally , for all intents and purposes , they 're the same thing . 
  still , the european council may be imperfect ( well , it is imperfect . 
  let 's be honest ) but i do agree fundamentally with the point of the council . 
  there needs to be representation of the national governments ( or national parliaments ) at the eu decision making level , and on legislation . 
  i 'm all for a common european approach , because we 're all just europeans , but i would be lying if i did n't believe there were many smaller cultural differences between us which should be taken account of at the highest levels of decision making . 
  so there is definitely a need for national concerns to be aired out at the eu level , which is what the council does . 
  maybe some changes should be made to the council , but fundamentally it or something like it should always exist . 
  i 'd rather have it in its current imperfect form , than not have it at all . 
  michelle obama touched the queen ? 
  i did n't even know they 'd met . 
  i certainly heard nothing of it on this side of the pond . 
  yeah , i bring this up all the time in the uk too . 
  the eu is actually significantly more democratic than the uk itself , because it uses proportional representation and actually has a codified , powerful constitution ( and constitutional court ) . 
  it even has a bill of rights !, 
  so shockingly , i am pro-eu precisely because it is so democratic . 
  not something which makes much sense to people when i first mention it ... 
  hmm , i do see her shaking hands with members of the public at these big events where they 're all behind crowd barriers , so maybe that 's the use of the gloves , yeah . 
  commoners are n't allowed to touch the queen , nor are any other commonwealth citizens ( that is , citizens of countries where the queen is head of state , such as the uk , canada , australia and others ) . 
  but citizens of other countries can , because they are unbound by our conventions . 
  [ this is the picture from the normandy landings commemorations ] ( http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bpcm2ficyae5qc0.jpg ) . 
  as you can see , the new zealand high commissioner ( a commonwealth citizen ) is touching her elbow , which is a big no-no and he got told off later . 
  but so is obama , but that 's fine , because he is n't a commonwealth citizen . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i guess this is the only instance where a commonwealth citizen is allowed to touch the queen . 
  ordinarily , we 're not allowed to touch her under any circumstances . 
  there was a bit of a fiasco when the prime minister of the new zealand touched her elbow or something at the commemorations of the normandy landings . 
  you know they did that for the last election ? 
  [ here 's one of them , hosted by euronews ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhafgcpexes ) . 
  interesting tit bits : current greek president alexis tsipras stood as the left block 's commission candidate , and the european conservatives and reformists ( david cameron 's block ) as well as europe of freedom and direct democracy ( nigel farage 's ) declined to stand candidates , because they do n't believe in eu democracy . 
  ... you know the americans are n't the only people who elect their head of government directly , right ? 
  i mean , the french do it already . 
  just because the americans do something does n't automatically make it bad . 
  there may be problems with directly electing the commission president ( there are definitely some issues to address ) but the fact that america uses a similar system is n't one of them . 
  with the selection of the commission president , you simply need a majority ( well , a majority under the qualified majority voting system , which takes into account population , somewhat ) but if you want to * change the system that the commission president is elected with * then you need to have treaty reform , which requires consensus from all the different eu member states and no vetos . 
  you have to please * everyone * . 
  with the selection of the commission president , you only need to please most people . 
  that 's how coalitions work ... coalitions are when multiple parties work together in their common interests . 
  this is what happens in most european countries most of the time . 
  for instance , ever chancellor since the creation of germany has been put in place by a coalition of parties : never just one party . 
  the nomination of junker was the same . 
  the alde , s&d and epp blocks all worked together to endorse junker , which gave them 76 % of the votes eu wide . 
  and 76 % is more than half ; it 's a majority . 
  that 's the worst argument against democratic reform imaginable . 
  you do n't cut corners on your democracy to save costs !, 
  why do n't we just stop having elections altogether ? 
  that 'd save loads of money !, 
  it also would turn us into a dictatorship . 
  living in an * effective * democracy is worth the money . 
  and ** it hardly costs anything in the first place **, 
  to be fair , it is definitely possible to move from one type of these schools to a different one even relatively late , if you 've got the enthusiasm and drive to do it . 
  when i did my german exchange for school one of the five germans had just moved from either a realschule or hauptschule into a gymnasium ( academic school ) despite it being his penultimate ( second to last ) year of education .
