  but that 's just it . 
  he 's the only one and i 've had arguments with a lot of people . 
  well some of us will be awake at 2am anyway . 
  kind of like you are right now  may as well watch the results as they come in . 
  plus , there 's a lot of interesting information about where the particular vote is concentrated , which demographics voted which why , for what reason , and what are the political consequences ? 
  some people think it 's important . 
  let 's facilitate that . 
  ( and at least they 're not like me , as i 'm actually spending the whole night at the physical vote count ) . 
  * in my opinion it would be a good idea to rerun these threads . 
  / r/europe has become much bigger . 
  therefore there are loads of new users that have never heard about these threads . 
  i also agree with you that older users ( e.g. 
  me ) would enjoy it if these threads were to occur again once more . 
  to be fair to scotland , they have been absolutely * royally * fucked over . 
  there were two clear pledges made by all three westminster leaders at the referendum . 
  a ) the best way to protect scotland 's eu membership is by staying part of the uk and b ) that scotland would get ` devo-max ' or the maximum amount of devolution of powers to scotland . 
  neither of these things have happened and the referendum was two years ago . 
  i did n't support independence at the time and i generally am sceptical of referenda at all , but in this instance : fair game . 
  if we leave the eu and both pledges are completely broken then for the sake of democracy we should re-run the referendum . 
  that 's true ; does n't change anything though ; there 's still no plan . 
  that 's not really what 's been said . 
  they use the word ` controlled immigration ' a lot and then say that this ` controlled ' immigration would include greater links with the commonwealth ... which includes countries like pakistan and india which the right are constantly vilifying . 
  you can go down the argument of saying `` oh but at least we 'd be in control '' but i do n't actually care if we 're notionally in control or not . 
  what i care about is a solid immigration plan . 
  that plan can be within the eu 's freedom of movement rules or outside it , but it needs to be a plan . 
  and the thing is , we 've got a clear strategy for how to deal with it whilst we 're inside the eu but fuck all plan for what we 'd actually do immigration wise when we leave . 
  so we could easily end up in a situation where we have maximum sovereignty but are also completely fucked . 
  do you want sovereignty or do you want * real * control , as opposed to some theoretical notion that does n't actually help anyone . 
  which is why it 's a good thing that we have an opt out of ` ever closer union ' . 
  if the uk government ever wants to give the eu more power then there has to be an additional referendum . 
  this was laid down in uk law in 5 years ago . 
  the referendum is status quo or leave . 
  it 's not leave or eu superstate as vote leave are constantly trying to assert . 
  which is why i commented to clarify . 
  the way you worded your initial statement implied that it would be illegal , so i asked and upon closer inspection you 're merely saying that it would cause problems with russia , which is very different . 
  i 'm not trying to catch you out , i 'm just trying to more accurately understand what you are saying , 
  but it 's not * illegal * . 
  the whole point of doing this is that russia would n't like it and it would get them to leave ukraine . 
   well , ukraine is not in nato , sending troops in a sovereign country without its permission is breaking international rules . 
  if ukraine allows nato troops in , what rules are we breaking ? 
  and again , you 're stating that all muslim syrians are islamists with absolutely no basis . 
  if you had any reason to believe that all syrians were islamists then you would have stuck to your original number . 
  hmm , it 's almost as if you pulled the number 3,000,000 out of thin air and it 's not actually based on anything ... 
   not even going to grace you with a reply if your brain is so dysfunctional that please try not to attack other users personally and remain civil . 
  phrases like this simply upset other users . 
  if you want to convince people , try and be nice . 
  it 's far more effective . 
  so syrians = islamists ? ... 
  what about the [ 10 % of syria 's population which are christians ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_syria ) i 've never heard of a christian islamist yet !, 
  there was a question about halfway through ` should n't money raised for science be spent in british universities by a british government on british science ? ', 
  or something to that effect . 
  i think poliakoff missed a chance to have a really good answer : no it should n't . 
  because science is n't confined to one nation or another . 
  there is no such thing as british science or french science or german science . 
  there is just one science . 
  and we should work together , cross border , in the ways that poliakoff explained in previous answers , in order to make the most advancements . 
  science does n't care about borders or nationalities , and so when we 're deciding how to spend our research money , neither should we . 
  a ) have co-existing national and eu armies means than france 's ( and any other eu member 's ) autonomy is not reduced at all . 
  that 's the point of having them co-exist . 
  b ) the benefits are 1 ) increased efficiency savings through economies of scale 2 ) greater ability to perdue european interests in places like balkans , ukraine and the middle east where it has been too difficult to coordinate amongst 28 different armed forces with competing and incompatible command structures . 
  3 ) it would back up the eu 's diplomatic powers vested in the high commissioner for foreign affairs . 
  so there 's actually quite a lot of benefits . 
  hehehe , that extra circle on the percentage sign . 
  so small , yet so meaningful . 
  you do n't necessarily need to outsource it . 
  it 's likely that if an eu army ever comes into existence , that it will exist along side the 28 national armed forces ( at least for a while ) . 
  so france can continue invading north africa when it wants but there 's also an eu wide army which everyone contributes to for collective defence and keep intervention on eu related matters . 
  because it is a fantasy from a uk perspective . 
  uk is not obligated to integrate further with the eu and if we do i integrate further then we have to hold another referendum . 
  there 's zero chance of us joining an eu army without a majority in the country supporting it . 
    and then accuse my argument of being weak and me of being a liar without explanation . 
   i did n't do any of these things . 
  --  it kind of falls apart ` your argument is weak '  the fact that you 're trying to reframe the argument as ` only moving houses ' ** shows you know it 's more than that ** . 
  ` you 're a liar '  ** i did n't do any of these things . 
  well , if you move from bristol to cardiff then you are moving to a neighbourhood with a different government , language and coinage . 
  if you move from newcastle to to glasgow then you also get a different legal system , currency and coinage . 
  you keep saying it falls apart , but it does n't . 
  you 're not actually giving a fundamental difference between moving from kent to calais than moving from bristol to cardiff . 
  you just keep reasserting that it 's different , and then accuse my argument of being weak and me of being a liar without explanation . 
  kind of insulting to be fair . 
  i 'm sure you do n't intend to be , but that 's the result . 
   the fact that you 're trying to reframe the argument as ` only moving houses ' shows you know it 's more than that . 
  uh , no . 
  i 'm reframing it in a way which i believe is more accurate and more representative of the true situation . 
  and i am doing it because you quite clearly have a different point of view , so i need to illustrate where our views differ . 
  you * can * disagree with people * without * insinuating that they 're somehow lying or out to get you . 
  that 's essentially all it is . 
  are you honestly telling me that c. 2001 moving from kent to calais was more extreme than moving from kent to northern ireland . 
  all you 're moving between in the kent-calais example is a small portion of water that you can get a train under and an imaginary border which does n't exist in practice . 
  there 's nothing special about moving from one country another . 
  you 're still british no matter where you live and should be given the rights according to that status . 
  whether they 'll return or not is irrelevant . 
  what matters is that there is state our there looking after their interests . 
  so long as they have not acquired the citizenship of the country they are resident in then it is our job to ensure their rights and livelihoods are protected . 
  you ca n't take away one of their most fundamental rights simply because they moved house and then fall it `` generous '' . 
  it 's anything but !, 
  you still contribute financially , you just do n't do so to the uk . 
  the only thing those people have done is decide to move abroad to a foreign country . 
  uk citizens are still dependent on their uk passport for their rights to stay in that foreign country .
