  as someone an a-level government and politics student i 'd like to point out that `` protecting the rights of the individual '' is entirely not part of the tradition conception of what a democracy is . 
  it 's only c. 1600 and onwards that democracy began getting its notion of `` protecting the individual '' . 
  democracy in its most fundamental and traditional sense is that it 's government for the people by the people . 
  protecting individuals is not a distinct part of that . 
  however many democracies came to favour protection of individuals because that 's what most people who live in democracies want . 
  if a romania roma gets caught by the police in another european country , would n't they just be deported back to romania ? 
  however , if romania was a member of schengen , would n't roma people travelling around be unable to be deported back ? 
  ( i 'm genuinely asking . 
  i do n't know what the answer is ), 
  sorry i was quite irked by the article that i neglected to think through my spellings and so forth . 
  i do n't think or speak in perfect rp english ( regional accent/dialect ) so typing ` properly ' does n't come as immediately as other things . 
  if i found an entire family to be complicit in a lot of crime i would separate the parents from their children so that the children have a chance to grow up into contributing members of society . 
  if any family member had actually committed enough crimes then they would be sent to prison for a period and not be allowed to be the legal guardian of their children anymore , again , so that the children can actually grow up properly . 
  they 'd be allowed to see each other , obviously . 
  i really want to emphasise that all of this is focused on rehabilitation and not punishment . 
  if this were to happen i would feel awful for the family ( s ) as a whole and all the individuals in it , but i do believe that they will all be happier people because of it , given enough time . 
  something a long these lines . 
  it sounds extreme , but i really believe that if a soft approach is taken then they wont change and only painful drudgery will come of it . 
  rehabilitation needs to happen . 
  so it 's more important to throw people out quickly than to administer justice properly ? 
  ^ ( edit : spelling ), 
  the thing is , i do n't think that a slow solution will work . 
  it 's like a drug addict . 
  sometimes you can fix the problem nicely and softly . 
  but sometimes all those options run out and you need to go for a detox to flush the drugs from your system . 
  i used to think that treating roma people differently was racist , but then i had someone explain the thing to me . 
  it 's hard to tell the difference between someone complaining about roma people and your normal straight up racist * at first * . 
  they say largely the same things , but you find what ( often ) they 're actually complaining about has little or nothing to do with race and * everything * to do with culture . 
  most people will probably treat roma folk fairly normally if they were n't part of this atrocious culture . 
  they cause fights , they steal , they litter and vandalise things , and disrespect people even when someone is trying to help , and when the police might be getting close they move on . 
  non of this has anything to do with their genetics . 
  what it has to do with is the that these people were brought up to think that doing this is ok . 
  they are brought up thinking that society will not accept them because they 've always been aggressive towards society and society has always been aggressive back . 
  then they reproduce with other people in the roma community and the cycle starts all over again . 
  it 's cultural , not genetic . 
  you can criticise me for being a cultural imperialist who imposes his values onto others and you 'd have kind of a point . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  i do n't think that a culture which condones stealing and all manner of other things belongs in the european union or anywhere else . 
  i think it needs to move or change . 
  it ca n't continue and it ca n't continue here . 
  yeah , but that 's not really news . 
  just a fact of life :p, 
  i 've changed the post to say seats instead of votes so as not to be misleading . 
  you are definitely correct . 
  could you elaborate on the thing about the albanian mafia ? 
  i 'm almost starting to think that the roma problem is going to need to be solved by a higher power . 
  i mean , the roma are basically stalling european integration and virtually no country has the capability to make them become productive members of society . 
  they 're such a problem for so many people that something really needs to be done . 
  everyone would be so much better off for it , including the roma themselves . 
   income in this year is going to raise for about 1 % just thought i 'd say that it 's probably better to say `` by 1 % '' rather than `` for 1 % '' otherwise it sounds like you 're going to say `` for 1 % of the population '' and then start occupying wall street or the area outside saint paul 's cathedral in london whilst playing some bongo drums . 
  oh if it 's only about as big as the gdp of cyprus it ca n't be worth that much much then , can it ? 
   a somali-immigrant turned socialdemocratic politican have been accused of taking part in human smuggling operations . 
  he 's planning to run for president of somalia in the next election . 
  you can run for president of somalia in sweden ? 
  does somalia even have elections ? 
   german only , hey , it 's also in french !, 
  to be fair to the parties , some of the scandals you 're mentioning are not * that * heinous . 
  for instance the greens making useless jobs is a criticism which you could place on every single government in every country ever . 
  i could even argue margaret thatcher created pointless jobs during her time in office . 
  ok , it 's not good that they made jobs that did n't get used , but is it really a heinous crime or , in your words `` fucked up '' that they did that ? 
  and your second point about the sp\u00d6 and that national broadcaster . 
  from what you 're saying it 's more like someone who happened to be a member of the party did something a bit stupid which happens to be very widely known . 
  it 's hardly a criticism of the party at large . 
  additionally , a lot of parties have really awful people in them but it does n't actually speak that much for the parties at large . 
  when i went to school there were some truly * awful * teachers there , but the school was excellent in spite of those individuals . 
  tl ; dr/conclusion : i think your criticisms of political parties and political culture in austria is a little weak . 
  it shoes examples of political figures being assholes or sometimes political parties being negligence , but that 's nothing new or surprising no matter where you look . 
  edit : i would like to say that whilst i disagree with the conclusions which / u/redmo came to , i think that it it he provided some interesting information and should n't be downvoted for it !, 
  does the austrian political system have a 5 % of the vote minimum to enter the nationalsrat , like in the german system ? 
  fortunately they seem to be the only major league * far * right party . 
  there was a good comment i saw about merkel 's victor in the german elections . 
  it went something like : the right-wing/right-of-centre politicians did n't win the german election . 
  all that happened was that there was only one ( respectable ) right-of-centre party to vote for . 
  the left-wing and left-of-centre parties are completely fragmented . 
  the left wing actually got * more ~ ~ votes ~ ~ seats * than the right wing . 
  but we consider it a victory for the right-wing-leaning politicians because they have a unified front . 
  getting back on topic , it looks like a similar thing might be happening with the fp\u00d6 , but thankfully they 're nowhere near the support merkel 's christische demokratische union has . 
  they have a united front which makes them look bigger . 
  hopefully there are n't many political parties which would consider allying themselves with the fp\u00d6 , which is where the their influence will really be tested . 
  if merkel 's party got 42 % percent of the vote , but had absolutely no chance of getting anyone to ally with her party then that 42 % would n't be that useful . 
  however , i would appreciate an austrian 's opinion on this . 
  when i got off the plane at schiphol airport and walked up to the train terminal i remember seeing all the destinations for the various trains on the displays . 
  they said things like den haag/the hague , frankfurt , brussels , paris and i think there was one for berlin . 
  it as a british person it really made you feel like you were in europe . 
  all of these international locations available to you . 
  all you need do is get on a train . 
  when i 'm at manchester train terminal and most of london 's train stations i feel very much insulated from the rest of the world , but if ( when ) you see all of those european locations and potentially people from those locations passing through , it ( would ) make you feel as though the place you are standing is part of this bigger picture rather than insulated from it . 
  because you need a majority to govern . 
  how else are you going to get a majority to govern with ? 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  if they were both elected houses i would have assumed they 'd have equal powers . 
  in the uk we have an upper house which is appointed rather than elected ( house of lords ) and as a result has few legislative powers . 
  people have considered making it fully elected but one of the main arguments against that is that then we 'd need to give it real power . 
  odd world . 
  it 's shocking how many politicians keep claiming to reintroduce things which even they wo n't have the power to change . 
  for instance the right to life is guaranteed by the european convention on human rights . 
  senior tory party members have said the same thing . 
  you can 's just pull out of conventions like that , even if you 're the president or prime minister . 
  austria would have to leave the eu if it pulled out of the echr because you need to be a member of that to be an eu member . 
  currently this is the representation in both houses .
