  i mean , there 's a difference between saying `` the megathreads have huge problems , but are the least bad option if they are properly managed with a bunch of requirements '' as opposed to `` yes . 
  megathreads are awesome and we should always use them for everything '' . 
  yes , they are both ` positive ' towards them , but it just bears remembering that there 's a huge chasm between those two opinions , even though they 're both `` positive '' . 
  -- this is a short least . 
  we ( the mod team ) know we do n't have the time to actually vet all of our applicants 100 % , which is why we 've decided to just publish this short list and allow the community to do a large part of the vetting procedure . 
  so we focus on identifying candidates who have positive traits , and pushing them to the top of the pile . 
  it 's only at this stage that we start identifying their negative qualities . 
  there 's a good chance we will remove one or two mods from the short list . 
  ragnar 's positive qualities were that he has lots of mod experience as a moderator , had language skills iirc and was broadly very professional in their manner most of the time . 
  non of that disqualifies any of the criticism levelled against him , and we will decide after this thread is over whether we will stick with him as a finalist or not . 
  this was actually quite interesting . 
  i had n't thought to tally up their opinions on it in a for/against fashion . 
  it 's interesting how balanced it is ( although i know it is leaning more one way than the other ) . 
  it 's also worth noting though , that for/against is n't an accurate portrayal of any of their views on the matter . 
  each of them wrote at least one whole paragraph on the subject . 
  it 's a little disingenuous to simplify it down this much , although if you keep that in mind , it is interesting . 
  please try and be civil . 
  using insults adds nothing . 
  it 'd be unfair on those candidates that did n't make it if we started publicly shaming them . 
  the candidates that have n't made it to the short list wo n't be made mods , so there 's no benefit in discussing their applications . 
  the only significant outcome would be that it would embarrass those candidates . 
  we have no wish to do that , and we respect and thank all those candidates who put themselves forwards as moderators . 
  it was extremely gratifying to see such a large amount of people ready to put themselves forward to help . 
  they should be commended for their enthusiasm and nothing else . 
  i think that 90 % of users do not post exclusively to / r/europe ( although some do post exclusively to / r/europe ... which even i find odd ) so it would be silly not to take that great wealth of data into account . 
  for instance , if somebody says in another subreddit `` i hate niggers '' and then in an / r/europe posts says `` yeah , but they 're a nigger '' it 's gon na be pretty clear to us that they were n't using sarcasm , or trying to make a joke , but that that is an actual representation of their views . 
  we do n't ban people based on what they do outside of the subreddit , but we do take what you do outside of our subreddit into account . 
  nope . 
  i just wanted to make all the applicants cry . 
  you 'd be surprised , actually . 
  just as some examples off the top of my head . 
  * frequently , users of this subreddit also use their national subreddits , like / r/italy , / r/france or / r/de ( or other non-english subreddits such as / r/libre , / r/schland , et al ) . 
  it can be very useful to identify what is going on in these other parts of reddit . 
  just as a very basic example , we can transfer ideas from them . 
  for instance , the friday culture thread is somewhat inspired by similar threads on / r/france , which we would n't be aware of if we did n't have french speaking moderators . 
  * but a more specific example is that sometimes we need to identify if a user is deliberately trying to push an agenda or is an alt , and for that it is useful to monitor a users entire comment history , which is impossible if they comment largely in non-english subreddits . 
  * it 's also often useful if we receive a submission which is from a non-english source to have somebody who speaks the language natively to evaluate if the title has been editorialised or not . 
  often subtle changes in the headline , too subtle for google translate , can have very significant effects on whether something has or has not been editorialised . 
  it is essential to have capabilities in these languages in such instances . 
  * not only that , but cultural context is also essential in evaluating what some users are saying . 
  for instance , we have a no tolerance policy on advocating violence in this subreddit , but it is often essential to have a cultural understanding of a said region to evaluate whether what they said was advocating violence or not . 
  if one was not aware of what the book mein kampf is , then they might think the phrase `` i agree with the principles set it in mein kampf by adolf hitler '' is acceptable , but anybody with a basic understanding of the history of nazi germany will know that it is not . 
  this seems obvious , but with other regions , such as the balkans , it is necessary to have somebody from the region who has that cultural context . 
  edit : * oh i forgot the most obvious one : sometimes people switch randomly into writing exclusively in their native languages , often deliberately to avoid moderation . 
  i saw a report just the other day of a comment written in swedish where the reporter claimed the user was calling somebody else a pig fucker , or something . 
  i could n't do anything about it because we have no swedish speaking mods on the team and i had no idea what they were actually saying . 
  it 's a mixture . 
  you can see their applications [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j57p8/reurope_is_looking_for_new_moderators_apply_here/ ) ( use cmd + f and type in their names to jump to their applications ) . 
  some users stood out to us because they are long time users of this subreddit , with a good reputation , such as / u/zurfer25 and / u/hjongoldrake . 
  others stood out to us because they had experience as moderators elsewhere ( such as / u/mberre who moderates / r/economics ) . 
  some of them had one , or both of the previous , but also had other merits , such as being active during different time zones ( / u/perseus0807 , / u/must _ warn_others ) or language skills . 
  many had a mixture of all of these . 
  in addition to , not instead of, 
  i do n't blame them . 
  the iraqis have been oppressed by their own government for decades under saddam and the sectarian violence has turned sunnis and shiites and christians and kurds and arabs all against each other . 
  what 's the point in fighting a war for a country and people that do n't care for or about you , nor you for them . 
  it 's a miserable state of affairs . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like taxation . 
  you pay according to your ability , just like a country should accommodate refugees according to their ability . 
  i love this . 
  this is getting saved to my funny image folder for future laughs, 
  `` counter evidence of just as much weight '' you mean mud slinging by pressure groups like the heartland foundation which is funded by big industries such as the koch brothers and exonmobil ? 
  you 're aware that the sole purpose of these groups is to muddy the water and confuse people , so that green policies which might save us ( but hurt their profits ) are n't implemented ? 
  the science behind their slander is thin at best and usually non existent . 
  the science against man made climate change is overwhelming and overwhelmingly supported by climate scientists . 
  it 's amazing that the opposing side which does not believe in man made climate change has been so thoroughly and completely discredited by the facts . 
  they do not have a let to stand on . 
  if you let yourself believe that there is still any uncertainty in this debate then the heartland foundation and other climate denying organisations have achieved their objective . 
  it 's like trying to disprove gravity . 
  it 's not up for debate . 
  i am not the representative for all 60 million british people . 
  i can only speak for myself . 
  the quotas are n't the issue here . 
  the issue is specifically these interpreters . 
  i am personally in favour of having a system to distribute refugees around europe . 
  it just makes logical sense to me . 
  if we force greece and italy to deal with it all by themselves then it will spell ( further ) economic ruin for those economies which will kick back on the rest of the european union . 
  because of the interlinking of our economies in the eu when one nation prospers we all share in it and when one nation flounders so do we all . 
  a refugee distribution system is in each european countries best interests for these reasons . 
  but there are also moral obligations not only to the refugees themselves ( that is , the ones who are legitimate refugees which is about 50 % of all asylum seekers in europe ) but also to our european partners . 
  it is unfair on the italians and the greeks to let them share this hardship alone , never mind the poor syrians and afghans and eritreans who 've had their houses bombed and their families killed , of which these interpreters are only the most obvious example . 
  i 'm in favour of a refugee distribution system for europe , but the main thing i 'm saying here is just that we have an obligation to help these afghan interpreters and people like them , who have a legitimate reason to flee and especially those who have put their lives at risk to help us . 
  is 97 % of the climate scientist community agreeing that there is man made climate change not enough evidence ? 
  the scientific community seldom ever so strongly unites itself like it is on climate change . 
  this overwhelming majority agree that climate change is happening , that we 're causing it and that it is going to have drastic consequences very soon . 
  is that not enough ? 
  what more evidence do you want ? 
  the way afghan interpreters have been treated us truly shocking . 
  they knew that they were putting their lives in danger when they began to help nato forces against the taliban . 
  they helped us when they did n't have to . 
  and now that we 've left afghanistan we 're literally leaving them to the wolves . 
  if you helped western forces during the war there that 's basically a death sentence at this point . 
  we have an obligation to these people . 
  maybe not all of the asylum seekers that turn up on our borders are legitimate , but we have worked responsibility to these interpreters . 
  they stuck their necks out for us . 
  many of them have already been killed for their help . 
  we could at least provide them with sanctuary, 
  it 's amazing how many things are ` jokes ' yet said entirely seriously . 
  it 's also quite amusing that you do n't seem to want an in depth discussion despite being in literally the discussion section of a discussion website on a highly political topic .
