  having your own unique language makes these benefits harder to obtain and accentuates and develops differences rather than making us closer and uniting us . 
  edit : just clarify : when i use the word ` insular ' i 'm talking about intellectual and cultural insularity rather than political insularity . 
  hebrew and a few others might be doing fine today , but what was the real benefit ? 
  a nation does n't need it 's own language . 
  australia , the the uk and the usa manage to maintain their own national identities fine , just like the germans and the austrians do . 
  sure , diversity is nice and everything , but in this circumstance it comes at a cost . 
  years of education , and in some cases it leads to a closing off from other cultures rather than opening up . 
  for instance , if the british spoke a different language to the americans or the australians or the irish or so on then i 'd feel * closed off * and * disadvantaged * . 
  in the instance of ireland it * so far * is working alright , because english is still the majority language and pretty much all irelanders can speak english fluently , but what about 50 or 100 years down the road ? 
  what if irish took english 's place and people 's knowledge of english become comparable to their current knowledge of irish ? 
  ireland would be a more closed off culture . 
  ... maybe , also maybe not . 
  i think my country 's historical preference for an uncodified ( this term is preferable to unwritten ) constitution is caused by the electorate and the political elite 's desire of governmental flexibility , rather than the other way around . 
  our rights are weak because the electorate wants it so , the electorate does n't want weak rights because we already have them . 
  obviously a history of stable governance despite ( or some would say , because of ) our uncodified constitution has fostered trust in the continuation of the system as it currently stands . 
  i 'm trying to point out the ways in which the history of british governance does and does not effect the current stance towards in rights , because in doing so i 'll have demonstrated that it is less clear cut than simply ` largely because of an uncodified constitution ' . 
  the electorate 's preferences are complicated , diverse and numerous . 
  pratiqueras-tu ta fran\u00e7ais \u00e0 la france ? 
  learn a few phrases in every country your visiting , and learn them somewhat properly . 
  introduce yourself in the appropriate manner , and then ask either in the language or in english if they speak english . 
  it 'll endear you to * everyone * you talk to , because it means you 're making an effort to fit in , be friendly , be respectful and so on . 
  it does n't take a lot of work to learn how to say ` hello , excuse me , thank you , do you speak english , goodbye ' in one or two languages . 
  it 'll even make it a lot funner if you revisit these languages at a later date to try and learn them more properly . 
  it does n't matter if you ca n't actually pronounce them properly , as some languages have sounds not present in english ( e.g. 
  the \u00dc sound in german and french , pronounce by whistling an ` e ' sound ) but if you make yourself understandable and apparent that you have tried to pronounce them properly will work wonders . 
  one last thing . 
  do keep in mind that some different dialects of the same language use different greetings or phrases for some of the above said phrases . 
  for instance , in the southern german speakers regions ( austria , bavaria ) they say ` gr\u00fc\u00df gott ! '', 
  ( lit , greetings god ) but in the north the say something less archaic ( just a simple ` guten tag ' , maybe ? ) . 
  economic devastation during wwi , as the western front of wwi basically only hurt france and the low countries , but not germany . 
  so by the time wwii rolled around , france had the serious disadvantage of being once already , then dealing with the great depression , where as germany was only dealing with the great depression , but not fiscal devastation . 
  furthermore , germany combated these problems by stealing the wealth and resources of nearby countries in order to create an effective army . 
  there was military incompetence on the side of france , but even if they had properly defended themselves they would have been destroyed by the germany war machine at most a year later . 
  so the overall result would have been the same even if they were properly prepared . 
  so i really do n't think it is fair to blame france for being defeated quickly in wwii . 
  the odds were stacked against them from the very start , and they had one of the most impressive grassroots resistance movements in europe . 
  i 'm not gon na bash america and say ` conversely , america did even less than the french ! ', 
  america 's roll in particularly the european theatre of wwii was quite important . 
  maybe less so in wwi , but still significant at the very least . 
  the thing is , america did not `` win '' either war and it is disingenuous and borderline offensive to make such claims , * let alone to be making such claims genuinely on a t-shirt * . 
  all the major actors were * vital * to the result happening the way it did . 
  if one had not played their roll ( ussr , usa , uk , germany ; uk , france , russia , germany , austria-hungary and probably the usa and italy ) , things would surely look very different . 
  to claim that one actor ` won ' the war is to disregard the part played by the others which is offensive . 
  i know europeans generally do n't take their own nationalism very seriously , and are n't prone to publicly causing a fuss , but that does n't mean a lot of people will very quietly be * very * disgruntled should such a claim be made by an american whilst in virtually any european country . 
  it 'd be weird to have an interrail pass which covered rome , paris , spain , berlin * and athens * but * still * be only regional . 
  however , if that 's not the acropolis , then maybe it could still be regional, 
  no such discussions have taken place . 
  it 's literally just so that ukip and eurosceptics can have something to say when people point out that leaving europe will leave us economically and politically isolated . 
  sometimes they also talk about the brics but , that 's silly for a lot of other complex reasons which are n't appropriate for 4 am gmt . 
  it 's not a viable alternative and no evidence has been gathered by ukip because it would almost certainly discredit the idea . 
   nobody is saying that the there should be no human rights in the uk at all . 
  the uk has a long tradition of rights . 
  the proposal is that the uk enacts its own bill of rights whilst we advocates of the repealing of the hra are n't openly in favour of weaker human rights , they are in practice . 
  for instance , think it is a true triumph in terms of human rights that it took so long for abu qatada to be deported . 
  it had n't been proven beyond all reasonable doubt that he was a terrorist and even if he was a terrorist he does not deserve to be subject to torture ( i do n't want to live in a society that promotes the idea of ` an eye for an eye ' ) . 
  however , people who are against this and against the hra in general , advocate for us ` being able to deport anyone * in the name of * *** national interests or safety . 
  *** ' it 's right there in the wording that they are favouring * national * interests over the interests and rights of the individual . 
  we should not be incorrectly punishing people in the name of ` the greater good ' , and especially not in situations like with aba qatada when there were obviously alternative solutions which did not involve deporting him to lebanon to be tortured . 
  so i favour devolution of power to a european level on this issue because it provides * greater * protection for human rights , where as in the uk a lot of the querks of the system ( e.g. 
  lack of a codified constitution ) and of public opinion mean that human rights end up being * incredibly weak * . 
  i also think there 's a lot to be said for having * the same minimum human rights * over a large area , but that 's a different issue and my main advocation is because it makes our rights so much stronger than in the british system alone . 
  would like to respond to each one of your other points in turn , but given the amount of time and words it has taken me to write out a response to one point and given that it is 01:54 already , i 'm afraid i will have to leave this one , despite having an awful lot to say on why the eu 's social chapter is a very good thing . 
  exactly . 
  the anglosphere option is n't an option . 
  the commonwealth of nations + usa and ireland just is n't as interested as ukip and certain members of the conservative party like to think . 
  australia , canada , new zealand , the usa and ireland all have their own distinct interested , most of them confined to their own regions , whilst the ` other ' commonwealth of nations member states are spread throughout africa and asia with appalling living conditions and human rights records , so not the kind of people the uk would want to be associating with . 
  personally i do n't want any of this , but the main thing moderate eurosceptics want to see is an opt out on the social chapter of the european union . 
  that 's the sort of thing which prohibits companies from people able to work their employees to the bone for 12 hours a day , without breaks . 
  there 's also the european convention on human rights . 
  we ca n't opt out of it without also leaving the european union . 
  it 's extremely unlikely we 'd be given an opt out on this even if the most sympathetic eu commissioner was in charge , let alone juncker . 
  a lot of britons dislike it because it stops us from being able to deport potential terrorists like abu qatada ( spelling ? ), 
  because he might be tortured without trial . 
  it 's considered totally abhorrent that humans should have rights that can not be taken away from them , simply by virtue of being human . 
  we 'd probably also like a more binding verdict on prisoners getting votes . 
  atm the european convention on human rights prescribes that everybody of able mind be able to vote , but the uk just ignored that bit of the convention and does n't give prisoners the vote anyway ( it 's not like minority rights should have suffrage , in order to ensure that a good deal between the prosecuted and the rest of society is reached ) . 
  so far we 've not been persecuted by the european court of human rights or the european court of justice , but we 'd probably like a more formal opt out , just in case . 
  those are the really * big * ones . 
  i think it 's more to do with the actual information which is coming out about the eu . 
  nick clegg had a good comment about it after he finished his last debate with nigel farage which went * something like * this ` we 're not going to change the entirety of british public opinion in just two hours of debate . 
  what the liberal democrats have begin here today is started to make a genuine case for britain 's continued membership of the european union . ', 
  those debates several months ago were very much * the beginning * of a vocal pro-europe voice which has been absent * for decades * . 
  people have had little but anti-eu stories and often euromyths thrown at them from the newspapers , both tabloid and broadsheet . 
  now that there is a vocal pro-europe element , we 're naturally going to see a change in public opinion as people become aware that a pro-eu side of the argument even exists . 
  should n't that be `` eastern empire '' because \u00d6st means east but without an \u00a8 umlaut ) and reich means empire , as in ' * the third reich/der dritte reich * ', 
  the reason i would n't give it to the ecr is because , whilst they might be the fourth largest party , they do n't represent the fourth largest amount of voters ' interests . 
  i do think eurosceptics should be taken more seriously , but you have to keep in mind that the the liberals , the socialists and juncker 's party are all actually much more like each other , than they are like the ecr . 
  but anyway , personally i think it 's all void because schultz should get the presidency again , being the leader of the second largest party . 
  i 'm pretty sure we economically dominated south america after spain lost control , but before america was economically powerful enough to be the dominant player in its own region . 
  the only countries we did n't ` have serious vested interests in ' were small countries that played the game very well and usually had very good natural defences ( e.g. 
  japan , switzerland , sweden , greece ) or countries that spent most of their time being exploited and defended by somewhat else ( e.g. 
  most of west africa , and certain parts of central and west asia ) . 
  there 's that interesting map which keeps floating around of all the places which were conquered by europeans , and every single country on earth is filled in , apart from the interior of china and iran . 
  japan is coloured in , but it really should n't be because it was beaten by a country which is european by descent , rather than actually european . 
  in this instance , it means `` wot ? '', 
  it 's pretty crazy when you think about how the eu has formed . 
  a significant amount of sovereignty is pooled in it , but hugely different levels depending on what country you are and your country 's attitude towards europe . 
  you do n't find this multi-tier integration anyway in the world , except in europe . 
   they will ceace to exist within our lifetime please point to some evidence that this will happen . 
  the only real evidence of change we have so far , is that readership is going down .
