  likewise , do n't try and be an english-chinese interpreter in china , because there 's plenty of people in china already to fill that niche , who 're willing to work for less than you . 
  focus on things you can learn which other places or people ca n't do so will . 
  i suppose , but then do n't we do the same thing with reddit admins ? 
  the existence of a weak point does n't make it less democratic , imho . 
  doing as the outcomes are always determined by the people english masse . 
  it 's also a very useful rule , because it allows people who are literally just causing a nuisance to be removed . 
  depends how it 's used . 
  i 'm not one to delve into hypotheticals of what a group of people i 've never met get up to in the internet , especially when it regards the removal of comments , as the application of the rule necessarily removes the evidence that it should have been used in the first place ( as well as the evidence that it should n't have been ) . 
  we really are n't in a position to make these judegements . 
  would there really be a problem in having someone who 's able to access the archmod 's account ? 
  so long as , despite their ability to do say , they do n't , all is fine , yes ? 
  basically , yes . 
  calling an idea idiotic is very different to calling an individual an idiot . 
  one attacks what someone is saying ( which is fine ) the other attacks the person ( which is less so ) . 
  however , i think the rule is more geared towards much more intense breaches ( e.g. 
  flame wars ) , rather than mini-jibes ( such as calling someone an idiot ), 
  because companies and * charities * ( which i hold in higher esteem than companies ) require strong direction in order to achieve the service they provide . 
  democracies tend to to-and-throw as the few percentage points required for a majority shift from side to side . 
  take , for example , environmentalism . 
  if left to the scientific community , a group of specialists , then a plan of action would have been created and instituted by now . 
  however , we have n't because we live in democracies where finding a consensus or even a majority agreement on whether man made climate change exists and what to do about it is impossible . 
  we 're immobilised by our desire to give everybody representation . 
  whether we 'll save our planet or not continues to look unclear . 
  for small specialised organisations it 's the same story . 
  if you put 60 thousand people in a forum and asked them to run a subreddit , you 'd find similar results as when you put 60 million people in a country and ask them to solve climate change or just run their country . 
  even know western in liberal democracies we rely on periodic elections where the choices are provided to us by political parties , rather than making the electorate truly free to decide anything at any time . 
  the more precise a service you 're trying to provide , the less and less effective democracy will be at achieving it , and subreddits , companies , charities and specific government agencies ( the food standards board , the dvla , ministry of intelligence ) do indeed offer very specific services . 
  i 'm going to throw one bone to democracy right at the end here . 
  i think in the case of countries and the really important things ( law and order , education , crime and punishment , war ect ) those who make decisions should be broadly subservient to the people . 
  the people should have the initiative to make * value judgements * about what is important and what their little sphere of the world ought to look like , but then it should be up to smarter people than them to decide how these things ought to be carried out . 
  the people have a role , but that role is not to be geniuses or experts or to decide what is true and what is not ( e.g. 
  glob warming ) . 
  their job is to make it clear what they want . 
  however , for companies and subreddits and in a different way , charities the whole thing is so precise and people can do easily ` vote with their feet ' that these whole domains ought to be in the hands of technocrats , rather than democrats . 
  ps : sorry for spelling mistakes ; writing this on amazon kindle , which makes apple 's autotorrets look like nothing edit : i thought it pertinent to point out that whilst i 've been very critical of democracy , it does have one ** practical ** point which makes me prefer it over all others as far as governing a country is concerned : it ( usually ) holds people to account to account in a way unthinkable in a non-democracy . 
  it helps stop the dissent into totalitarianism found elsewhere , although this requires an aware and active electorate not found in most first time democracies ( weimar germany , eastern europe 1945-50 ) . 
  obviously this does n't apply to subreddits because they 're subservient to the law of the land and we have the ability to ` vote with our feet ' , but i thought i should make it clear i 'm not * actually * arguing for scale abolition of democracy . 
  you do know democracy does genuinely have faults ? 
  you do n't have to argue that in terms of national governance it is the most preferable system , however many other spheres of civic and private society do not operate in a democratic way , * and they are better at what they do because of it * . 
  for instance charities operate according to their own constitution and companies operate based on share holders or in the case of ltds , one executive . 
  i think that subreddits are one of the many places which operate better by choosing a non-democratic system . 
   account age  1 year  500 + combined karma in any subreddit  be on reddit at least once per day to review the mod queue  moderate at least one other community of 1,000 subscribers everything except being a moderator of a large community . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  i 'm unfamiliar with these . 
   what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  greenwich mean time/british summer time . 
   what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe * favourite 1 the synthesis of news and cultural ( e.g. 
  ` how do you feel about ___ ? ', 
  ` what do they ___ in your country ? ' ), 
  topics and the ability to have a variety of meaningful or amusing conversations about these topics . 
  * least favourite the trolling , brigading and overuse of the downvote button here . 
  / r/europe is genuinely slightly more prone to this than other subs . 
   and what could be implemented to make it better personally , more strict moderating . 
  i think that subs like / r/askhistorians are excellent examples of subs done well . 
  democracy rule in subs is not essential . 
  yes , user creation and creativity is important , but little fantastic ever came out of a group of various people coming together and deciding what to do . 
  it means projects * lack * real direction , and lack the will to go far enough in either direction . 
  i 'm not going to repeat the ` it 'll turn into / r/adviceanimals ' trope , but it does mean that content tends to tilt towards the lowest common denominator content . 
  however , i recognise that internal subreddit-democracy is an element of / r/europe and so a more appropriate addition would be making addenda to the wiki which detail things like the weekly ` what happened in your country last week ' threads and their schedule along with other ongoing and deceased periodicals . 
  the benefit of making use of the wiki is not so much in the specific information that would be added to it , but that it would be a place where new information could be added in future and expand the / r/europe community . 
  i 'd also be very interested in seeing more interlingual elements added . 
   what would make you a good moderator ? 
  is this the bit where i 'm supposed to be very unbritish and actually say positive things * about myself * of all people ? 
  i 've moderated other spheres of the internet before and only stopped due to the financial difficulties of the owners , rather than my lacking the determination or commitment . 
  i use this sub very regularly . 
  i have a vested interest in ensuring that this sub sticks around and works well . 
  i just generally like doing something which i feel has value , which ensuring the smooth running of a subreddit does ( i 'm ensuring that a nice site is available * for others * to use ) . 
  so my motivation is there , which i think is what really makes a good moderator , or just anybody who does good work generally . 
  but i 'm also very good at staying on top of my workload , even when the work is non-essential . 
  for instance , i have a reading diet of about 5 newspapers a week , plus finding term for reading extracurricular work , plus language flashcards ( memrise.com ; french and german ) and then all of my education related reading ( history student ) . 
  i 'm consistently on top of this and would not find it difficult to add take on more . 
  sorry for the long post . 
  i understand that a lot of the applicants in this thread already are a better fit than me , especially given their previous subreddit moderation experience and css * et al * experience . 
  however , i felt i ought to post an application anyway , in case it is felt that i would be a good fit and that i would genuinely be able to help . 
  thank you for reading , / u/slyratchet, 
  just an interesting bit of back story . 
  you know that recent deal that putin made with xi jinping about selling russian gas to china ( at a very cheap rate ) . 
  it was obviously to offset the problems that would be created from cutting off gas to eastern europe and the ukraine , and also to offset the damages of any future sanctions . 
  you can see that putin was in damage control mode , because the rate which was agreed was significantly bellow what he could have got for it , but needed a fast deal and to be sure that the chinese would take it . 
  anyway , he putin was trying to do a similar thing with the japanese , which is a good idea considering they 're the third largest ( national ) economy in the world . 
  the japanese were definitely receptive to putin and it was looking like japan could really help russia mitigating any future losses incurred from the ukraine crisis , but thankfully what was always going to happen , happened , which was that japan sided with the west by putting a stop to putin 's attempts to get better access on the japanese economy . 
  japan did n't place sanctions on russia , like the united states and european union did , but they 're certainly not going to be easing relations with the russians . 
  what this all means is that it shows the two main asian countries ' positions in terms of international relations . 
  china has no problem forging agreements with russia and having them be more dependent on the chinese , despite what the west or anybody else thinks . 
  pursuing a very independent foreign policy . 
  the japanese , on the other hands , have no problems associating with the russians despite the ukraine crisis and would even do so warmly , but when it comes down to it they will fall in line with the rest of the west . 
  conversely ( as regards japan ) eu states and the usa were not really willing to foster warmer relations even in the early days of the crisis or even before it began . 
  this crisis has really shown where most of the important global players stand . 
  / r/bbcworld is one to watch . 
   verywhere and everyone else is pretty okay . 
  apart from the uk being literally halfway to an islamic version of 1984 , and most europeans being ` gypsy ' haters who 'd throw bananas at black athletes of they got the chance . 
  [ confirmed by the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-28177020 ) . 
  bbc takes a more cautious approach , saying that the only real evidence is that the ukrainian flag has been hosted above at least one government building in town , but that rebels could still be on the outskirts . 
  so on the whole , it looks like a pretty significant victory . 
  the rebel leader ( or the closest thing there is to a rebel leader ) has slavyansk . 
  so long as putin does n't pull another rabbit out of his hat , then this could well be the beginning of the end to the crisis . 
  on the whole , i do n't think there can be the same figure or figures on all the euro zone coins , because the reason europe today is integrated is because of the violence of people like charlemaine , hitler , stalin , napoleon . 
  these people showed us the terror of being at odds with one another ( hitler especially ) which is the very reason we rejected it and chose unity . 
  we ca n't be having hitler and mussolini on our notes which is why we should leave it to figures who did n't have any real impact on europe as a whole . 
  maybe we could put our great musicians ( mozart eg ) , writers ( shakespeare , voltaire ) , scientists ( newton , einstein , capornicus ) , explores even ( columbus , de gama , cooke ) maybe engineers ( turing ) .
