  i 'm sure that 's fair and in the interests of the community . 
  if your idea of evidence is some indisputable proof , then no , we do n't . 
  but you 're entirely missing the point of my argument . 
  can you even explain what my argument was , or ca n't you even read the complicated words ? 
  edit : i 'd like to further add that there is pictorial evidence of threads being deleted to in the link at the top of this thread . 
  i also believe that individuals ' testimony is a form of evidence . 
  i 'm taking the masses of comments being deleted ( of which there is pictorial evidence for ) , users being banned , ect as evidence . 
  some of what we have is simply word of mouth , but the word of mouth is very strong here . 
  additionally , the deleting of specific threads where david is mod are also counted as evidence . 
  yes , you can make an argument that it 's justified in all those cases and that this is just a which hunt , but i think you 'll have difficulty convincing anyway giving how much has been deleted . 
  please refer to the bit of my post where i say i do n't feel comfortable simply with the risk of him doing something in the future , due to these allegations . 
  yes , there is little evidence , because it 's nearly impossible to find evidence because if it was evidence , he 's deleted it . 
  so yes , i have little evidence apart from what people say . 
  but that 's all the evidence we 're likely to have anyway . 
  if this was a creationist verses big bag argument i would be agreeing with what you 're about to say ( that no evidence is not proof of anything ) but this is n't about creationism , this is about risk of a mod going bad . 
  how do you know if i 'm dyslexic ? 
  what 's not nice ? 
  being called a moron or being dyslexic ? 
  this is the internet . 
  you get called a moron all the time , and worse . 
  if there 's truth in what people are saying than maybe i take it onboard . 
  if there 's not i laugh it off and leave the person making assumptions about my life alone ( usually ) . 
  and as for being dyslexic , i 've learned to live with it . 
  it 's a problem i 've had my entire life and well , you learn that you read slower and more importantly that you just have to put more effort in for less result and sometimes you 're going to be slowing every one down be right clicking every other word for the suggested corrections or because every one has finished reading something except you because you take twice as long . 
  so to answer your question , it 's not that bad to be honest . 
  i pretty broadly agree with you here , but i wanted to point out that i do n't think any one is actually accusing him of doing this alleged link posting thing here . 
  people are stating that he does it in other subreddits and that this is evidence of corruption in other subbreddits . 
  so i do n't think anyone thinks that he is being corrupt here , but that he will be in the future . 
  that 's certainly my view . 
  it 's a sort of leopards ca n't change their spots idea . 
  additionally i think these `` rumours '' are too numerous for them there to be no truth behind them at all . 
  no smoke without fire . 
  i am reasonably convinced by some of the arguments against davidreiss and but i know there are multiple interpretations of the story . 
  so i 'm reasonably convinced by a few of the arguments * but * i 'd be willing to possibly put my faith in moderators like you if these stories were few and far between , but they 're not . 
  the evidence is there and not just on one occasion . 
  it could be wrong , but it seems like quite a jump to say that davidreiss is actually just a nice buy who never did anything wrong , and his simply the victim of a massive hate campaign , poor davidreiss . 
  either he 's the victim of a huge hate campaign or he 's actually a pretty horrible piece of work . 
  or somewhere in between . 
  but this is what is pivotal for me : even if he is the victim of some massive hate campaign and even if everything we 're hearing does turn out to be false , even if it turns out davidreiss is the victim here , i do n't believe it 's safe to leave him here . 
  he could turn out to be fine but i do n't want to wait until that happens . 
  there 's too much suspicion around him . 
  there 's a reason teachers are n't appointed if they have a criminal record . 
  that judge on that case might have made the wrong call , but it 's enough . 
  if a politician gets seriously tied up in a criminal investigation , that is enough to ruin his career . 
  he might be completely innocent , but do we really want to vote this person in knowing that there is the chance that they could be horribly connected to something ? 
  i probably would n't . 
  additionally on top of that , i think the community is speaking here . 
  they do n't want him . 
  i ca n't say for certain if that 's true , but i really think the community is trying to say something here and in the spirit of democracy i think the mods should listen and perhaps hold a vote on whether to keep davidreis or not . 
  like i said , i think there 's a possibility david is innocent in all this , but i do n't want to leave it to chance . 
  this is my favourite subreddit . 
  i do n't want to wait to see whether david is a good mod or not , i do n't want to take that risk , that risk being that my and many other people 's favourite subreddit is ruined . 
  i 'm really glad you 're being calm about this and taking time to write your reply . 
  i really think the bandwagon effect is present here and i 'm glad you 're somewhat representing the other side of the argument in a calm fashion . 
  i just wanted to thank you for doing that because no one else is . 
  i would have hoped david did it , but that seems too much to ask . 
  this will come in useful , probably . 
  dyslexic here also , that 's not an excuse . 
  you 're judged by the same standards as the rest of the world . 
  if you find spelling difficult , that 's a problem that you have to deal with . 
  if you ca n't fucking spell a word , google it or something . 
  i 've find that spell check will normally find the appropriate spelling very quickly . 
  do n't fucking say `` i 'm a dyslexic '' and then expect us to go , oh well that 's ok . no . 
  i do n't get away with that shit , neither do you . 
  say what you mean and put thought into what you 're writing . 
  an entire article about the european elections and it does n't mention the date anywhere . 
  sounds like he 's pulling a poland . 
  we 're not going to be able to join the euro on time , ^ again . 
  maybe we 'll be able to do it in another five years ? 
  we 're really committed to joining the euro !, 
  honest ! '', 
  well it depends how specific you want to go . 
  as someone studying philosophy in school ( sixth form ) i 've only heard of one of the philosophers you listed ( wittgenstein ) . 
  so i partly contest quite how diverse vienna was . 
  it was certainly filled with a lot of interesting people , but i think if you dig around a bit in a lot of cities ' histories you 'll find they 've actually played host to a lot of very important people . 
  this period in time might well be considered extremely important for all the very intelligent bankers it hosted , but i doubt any of us can name more than three , or that any one in the future will be able to name more than three . 
  anyway , london has previously played host to some of the greatest political and philosophical minds of the time ( mill , marx locke ) and also played host to same of the greatest scientific minds of the time ( robert hooke , newton , robert boyle , james cook ) . 
  i ca n't give you a specific list of people , but i think an accurate list of famous people from anytime period specific as the one you found is a nice find . 
  i hope this made sense . 
  dude , have you seen how many unique users have raised this as an issue ? 
  perhaps every one is an overstatement , but i do n't think you can deny there 's huge unease about him . 
  just look how many unique users in this thread are angry with him or how many users are angry with him in other threads . 
  that 's without mentioning other subbreddits which are which have a lot of disdain for him . 
  but just here , you would be very lucky to find more than a handful of people who support him , which are n't mods . 
  instead of saying i do n't have evidence , i put it in your hands to ask a handful of people and to look in front of you at all the people who want his resignation . 
  some people are really very pissed off with him . 
  that 's what happens when you 're a corrupt mod . 
  follow anonymous 's lead . 
  it 's a big deal , but this remains the only subbreddit i 'd actually voluntarily moderate if given the opportunity . 
  i vote for an elective , supreme , non hereditary , ~ ~ constitutional ~ ~ monarchy for europe . 
  modelled on the vatican . 
   b ) he 's a well-known mod of numerous large subs * and shit at it * i 'll point out that the community in / r/canada iirc forced his resignation because they hated him so much . 
  seriously dude , i highly recommend you get rid of davidreiss666 . 
  no one here thinks he 's a good mod . 
  the only evidence we have that he is good at doing anything is your ( and other mods ' ) word . 
  and there 's a lot of other evidence which says your lying to us about how good he actually is . 
  i , for one , feel quite uncomfortable with it . 
  i really appreciate what the mods do here , but i really do n't want that guy here . 
  i think he 's a loose canon waiting to fuck everything up . 
  sure , you can tell me `` well that 's what you [ and every one else in this subbredit ] thinks '' but , you 're really making us all very uncomfortable .
