  hopefully a neck and neck race where every one is running as fast as they can to try and stay in front of every one else and get the prizes . 
  definitely going to be some interesting decades . 
  that 's a very defeatist stance . 
  this bit particularly got me  what is democracy in a world where media gets to decide how the public views things ? 
  the media does not * decide * what we think . 
  it informs and frequently distorts . 
  it 's up to us to decide what we think with the information available . 
  you ca n't just give up and say the media is deciding everything so it does n't matter . 
  we decide what we think and ultimately who is in power . 
  you ca n't use that as an excuse not to bother . 
  i 'm too tired to hash this argument out fully , but i 'll give it a go . 
  just because the markets say some thing and that has an effect on our politicians and elections , does n't make it anti democratic . 
  a large portion of what people vote on is about the economy . 
  the economy virtually decided the 2010 uk election . 
  the economy is what the electorate want . 
  if the electorate did n't care about the economy , then neither would the politicians because they know it wont affect their vote . 
  some * individuals * are upset with certain policies for market reasons and they 're perfectly fine to do that . 
  they want financial prosperity for themselves . 
  people have always voted based on this . 
  i do n't see why it 's a problem . 
  i was under the impression it 's to do with laws that say `` you need x number of pilots in a plane if you 're travelling y distance '' . 
  even on planes with autopilot you need to have pilot ( s ) on stand-by . 
  usually the never do anything apart from watch movies in the cockpit ( on oceanic flights anyway ) and wake up to take the plane in to land . 
  so there would need to be amendments on all the flight safety legislation which dictates how many pilots each plane needs ( as there 's no provision for zero pilots ) and how much sleep a pilot needs . 
  additionally if drones of infinite sizes were allowed to be flown at the present moment i would be quite worried . 
  there 's * no * safety legislation concerning them atm apart from the legislation about pilot numbers . 
  so they ca n't just legalise them but not add the relevant safety stuff . 
  so that 's got to be added which means we get no drones in the mean time . 
  that 's my understanding anyway . 
  i was half expecting some thing much worse . 
  we make in britain coffee by boiling some hot water and getting a cup/mug ready to dispense the boiling water into . 
  before pouring the water add a back of this special variety of ground and charred leaves to the mug and apply two sugar cubes . 
  once applied add the boiling water and then milk on top of that . 
  stir/mix the bag in with the water and milk concoction until the colour is even and as dark as you like . 
  if too dark add more milk and repeat . 
  once perfect remove the back of charred leaves and put in the nearest pun or into a charred leaves back reciprocal if no bin is available ( normally in the form of a small dish on a table or in my case a small model wheely bin ) . 
  at this your special british `` coffee '' is ready . 
  you can drink and apply biscuits where suits your tastes . 
  in my household , that 's two or three mcvities milk chocolate digestives . 
  enjoy !, 
  yeah i got a bit a head of myself . 
  i 'm of the opinion that greece should n't have been let in and sort of included it in a list that it did n't fully belong . 
  personally my cut off point is the 2004 enlargement , but i think some of the democratic problems should have been fixed by then and i would n't have protested had more countries been denied entry prior to that enlargement , though i know that means the hard decision of deciding who should n't have been let in . 
  perhaps it should have been sorted before allowing spain and portugal in ? 
  but now i am just speculating and spouting my personal opinion . 
  my fundamental point remains . 
  the democratic issues should have been solved before 2004 at the very latest , but were n't and now the issues is extremely difficult to solve . 
  it would be nice to have ukraine in the eu , in the long run and using eu membership as motivation would definitely speed along that process . 
  however the eu is n't read for more big members . 
  personally i 'm of the opinion the eu should have expanded much slower . 
  the further east you go from germany the grounds for adding new countries just gets shakier and shakier . 
  greece , hungary , romania i think were too further than we should have expanded . 
  this is n't because those countries were n't ready ( though that 's a factor ) but also because the eu 's not ready . 
  there are problems with representation in the eu parliament and more importantly in things like the council of ministers and * oh dear * : treaty change . 
  treaty change is becoming impossible now due to the number of members . 
  the eu has to become much more transparent and much more democratic before it can start expanding . 
  i think it 's already a little over expanded ever since poland greece came . 
  we 've added a lot more member states since then . 
  it 's time to say enough and deal with internal problems . 
  if the eu ca n't maintain a competent government then it can hardly ensure peace in europe and the smooth running of things . 
  ukraine and turkey are just the point we 're realising these thing . 
  it 's really saddening to see some people in and some out due to arbitrary line drawing , but that 's the way it has to be until the eu reforms . 
  this is ultimately why i do n't want ukraine or turkey in at the moment . 
  in the future i 'd really love it . 
  i love the idea of a united europe , just not yet . 
  united europe does n't need to be rushed it can take time . 
  perfection takes time and we 're obviously no where near perfect . 
  i think you 're imagining what feeling a nationality is like and in a rather odd way . 
  i 'm like the most nationalist guy i know . 
  i wear a union flag scarf most days . 
  it 's a warmer scarf than i was expecting !, 
  however the scarf is mostly a caricature ( of myself ) . 
  i do n't feel british anywhere near as much as i feel happiness . 
  happiness , sadness , boredom , excitement , displeasure , pain , anger , love , compassion , ect those things blow any feeling i have towards my countries out of the water . 
  the feeling i have of british and i remind you it is an overly inflated feeling compared to most , is about as subtle as looking at a map seeing the uk , england , europe as the place i come from ; it 's as sublte as being in an english town and feeling more at home and more comfortable than being in a russian town . 
  nationalism or a feeling of national identity is n't some thing you really notice you feel unless you 've identified it and can pick it apart from other things you feel which is a very precise task . 
  for many it is as subtle as saying `` i am scottish '' . 
  why would you say you 're scottish , if you do n't feel scottish . 
  it 's up to you what you define yourself as . 
  you choose to define yourself as scottish . 
  if you choose to define yourself as scottish based on your definition of what being a member of a nationality is , that still counts . 
  that 's still partly based on feeling . 
  sorry for over long post which is hard to read . 
  tl ; dr if you say `` i am scottish '' that 's a manifestation of * feeling * scottish , almost what ever way you look at it . 
  feeling scottish is a very ** very subtle ** feeling . 
   i am scottish and i am british and i am european like you already do . 
  edit : additionally , if you said you `` were n't '' european , then you would n't `` feel '' european . 
  for instance , i feel german due to german heritage so if some one asked if i was german , i might sometimes answer `` yes '' , because i feel and partially identify as german . 
  additionally-additionally i know people who spend a lot of time between countries like the usa and uk . 
  those people often feel as though they * are * american and british , despite only having heritage for one or only having citizenship for one . 
  hope this helps . 
  you want norway to be included in eu statistics ? 
  join the eu then !, 
  we have elections and everything !, 
   nigel farage ftfy, 
   what does the skin colour tell us about a person ? 
  acts of righteousness and sins amass in the dermis layer of the human body . 
  sins represent themselves as brown , with mortal sins representing themselves as a darker shade of brown . 
  [ as you 're accepting the new mod-ship on behalf of the usa . 
  does n't red indicate even deeper sins than that of any black colour ?
