  switzerland and belgium are more of a ` salad bowl ' than a ` melting pot ' or maybe even a dinner plate , loaded with various foods , like some w\u00fcrst with frites and a lovely coffee , rather than one big fondue . 
  brb , gon na go eat . 
  i did n't say that the `` really pro-europeans , or at least anti-eurosceptics '' were particularly common in the uk :p just that the ones i do know have some vague plans . 
  additionally , even i am not gon na up sticks and move ( at least not right away ) . 
  i 'm just gon na get dual citizenship , which includes an eu passport . 
  i do n't want to be excluded from the european project just because i love on an island filled with people who do n't agree with me . 
  it 's like those times the swiss [ accidentally invaded liechtenstein . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein\u2013switzerland_relations#incidents_involving_the_swiss_military ), 
  i think sometimes we tend to overestimate how much support communism and the soviet union had from its own people during those times and today . 
  i mean , a lot of the really egregious stuff the soviet union did was in the early period of the cold war . 
  for instance the hungarian revolution was way back in 1956 and the prague spring was in 1968 . 
  but i 'm no expert , and it 'd be informative to hear from a hungarian and other ex warsaw pact peoples . 
  i think a lot of really pro-europeans , or at least anti-eurosceptics do have at least vague plans in place . 
  for instance , i 'm a uk citizen but a grandparent of mine was forced out of germany by the national socialists , which means that i can apply successfully for german citizenship , which i fully intend to do if we leave the eu . 
  there might be a war happening , but things could be so much worse . 
  i do n't want to be the guy who goes around saying that the thing which will solve the situation is in * escalation * of the situation . 
  i do n't see how that could help . 
  today , there 've been what ? 
  two thousand deaths and a few hundred thousand displaced persons ? 
  things could be so much worse and i want no part in them happening . 
  a diplomatic solution is still very much on the table , and i want to see that pursued . 
  i think that 's where the best solution lays . 
  how about nah . 
  we 're not interested in some dick measuring arms race with russia or placing far too many troops on their border which would only make them do the same on the other side and lead to check point charlie 2.0 ( i.e. 
  a tiny not-even-skirmish having the potential to develop into something several orders of magnitude larger than itself ) and furthermore , we ca n't completely alienate russia . 
  the whole point of the european project is n't to make a larger european state which essentially does all the same things states did in the past , but bigger . 
  its point is to ensure peace and co-operation amongst european nations and the world in general . 
  we 're not gon na be able to achieve that if we turn it into a biggest dick competition . 
  we need a co-operative russia we can work with willingly , rather than one which will cut our throats the first chance it gets . 
  the solution to this is not military , it 's political . 
  yeah , that sounds crazy given what we have now , but we need to leave ourselves open to russia calming down and getting back on the negotiating tables . 
  we have to both not alienate russia and aid in the development of a more fracture world , that 's what we learned in world war one , but we also have to not appease russia , that 's the lesson we learned from world war two . 
  those two lessons may seem contradictory , but there 's a fine line which we can easily walk down . 
  your suggestions are far too much in the wrong direction . 
  it 's the centenary of world war one . 
  let 's try and make it to the next one without repeating the same mistakes . 
  edit : just thought i 'd tell everybody that i am thinking of this from a european perspective , so there is no need to try and dumb it down for a ignorant brit . 
  it 's not like i work for the european youth parliament or anything . 
  i would n't have thought that response times had much to do with life expectancy . 
  i mean , i figured most people die due to natural causes and that they can see it coming and be in a hospital with their family when it happens , at least in most of the developed world . 
  response times will have an effect , but most people 's lives are n't determined by whether the ambulance arrived 10 or 20 minutes sooner or later , even if it does have an overall impact . 
  the impact , however , will almost certainly be compensated for by other factors , such as the dangers of inner city living such as gang violence , road accidents , atmospheric pressures ( exhaust fumes , ect ) and also the life style of the kinds of people who live in cities ( cities attract the sort of fast living , quick eating , unhealthy , constantly stressed people that just do n't exist in the countryside ) . 
  i would n't say / r/shitamericanssay should be in there . 
  it 's too america focused , oddly enough . 
  and , although they 're not * personally * my cup of tea , some of the eurospectic subreddits should be in there as well . 
  also , check how many rules that sub has in comparison to this sub , and keep in mind that that sub was basically invented because they though the mods over here were too harsh with the rules . 
  it is run by a bunch of people who / r/murica and is exactly the same as / r/murica except it is celebrating british things that represent the same values as in / r/murica . 
  it 's just not very english or british . 
  if you want a * real * british patriotic subreddit , than go to / r/britishproblems ( or , less often , / r/britishsuccess ), 
  yeah , but we do n't want or require a lot of co-operation . 
  so long as all the subs in question are committed to discussing specific , * non-america centric * content , then all is well . 
  we do n't need to have any kind of significant unity between ourselves . 
  the diversity , in fact , would be better if we do n't co-operate all the time . 
  pretty much all the european subs link to each other in the side bar and that 's really the best thing you can hope for . 
  ask for a tax break on the fuel you use to fill yourself up , and then make sure to dine employ a personal five star french chef to cook you pastries . 
  side note : that sub used to be moderated by the racist , sexist , holocaust denying / u/soccer but fortunately was recently declared inactive and one user of / r/europe put in a request for the subreddit ( which was accepted ) and then he made all of the mods of / r/europe mods of / r/eupolitics , so we basically have free reign to make a new european-politics themeed subreddit . 
  unfortunately , so far as i know , we do n't really know what to do with it as a subreddit or which direction it should go . 
  hmm , maybe , but i feel as though the uk is n't a particularlz good example because we have a severe case of * asymetric devolution * , that is , devolution which is uneven ( e.g. 
  scotland has huge internal governance , where as wales has few and england has non ; some cities also are entirely run by councils where as others are run by the much more independent elected mayor ) . 
  the thing is , in most cases this makes governance very difficult as opposed to symetrical devolution . 
  it would probably make more sense for ukraine to restructure the rest of its oblasts as well , rather than going on some crazy hodge podge system . 
  any system of asymetric devolution will inevitably lead to huge problems of inequality down the road , which is why developing the uk system has taken so long and onlz taken place in regions with an entrenched regional identity , where as hopefully the separatism in ukraine is more short termed . 
  and a majority of the british public, 
  quickly everyone , throw fuel on the fire and watch the for works !, 
  yeah , it 's kind of like ` that 's what she said ' joke but much less pretentious, 
  the thing is , ukip does n't need to win any election at this point in order for there to be a brexit . 
  it 's actually the conservatives , the current largest party , who need to win in order for there to be a referendum and then an exit . 
  however , at this point , that looks very unlikely . 
  they are n't a majority government at the moment , and that is on et the caveats cameron made to the referendum promise , which is n't often mentioned in the news . 
  currently he is polling a few percentage points behind the second largest party and there 's ukip as well as the lib dems ( the junior coalition partners ) who will split all the votes making it impossible for anybody to get a majority . 
  but it is still a distance , however distant , possibility, 
  rubbish to ukraine !, 
  they need it, 
  on that note : would n't you love to see nigel farage argue on behalf of better together ? 
  that would be hilarious . 
   when we do n't go places people often ask us to i sometimes ask my brother to go and masturbate in the street in front of the police , because i think it would be hilarious . 
  it does n't mean he 's not absolutely stupid for doing it . 
  sheffield . 
  some people would call it a city , but , come on , it 's a town . 
  oh i totally agree that mere cultural similarity is not grounds for a union of states . 
  i 've never argued for a single state consisting of the uk and new zealand , for instance . 
  the thing is , that it is in all of our interests for us to co-operate , but many people use this as an argument that the european project either wo n't work or should n't work . 
  however , in the example of the european union , it most certainly should . 
  i mean , for instance , you say `` why should my vote influence people in countries i do n't live in '' but that in itself has preconception that the national borders of today are somehow supposed to be there . 
  the thing is , we have to talk about what nation states do . 
  there are many services that we * expect * any reasonable country to provide or ensure . 
  for instance , education , healthcare , safety , access to food , shelter and water and many more . 
  now , many people have different opinions about what the state should provide and ensure , but what we can all agree on is that we can ensure/provide more services , if we * band together * . 
  even libertarians ( who hold that view that advocates the state intervene the least to ensure/provide services ) agree that borders are a burden and that they should be removed , but even this requires co-operation amongst nation states which ( if we 're imagining that this is still democratic-liberatiarianism ) requires some necessary merging of elections and power . 
  anyway , personally i , and many others , are of the belief that many of the challenges facing human kind can not be solved by the small nation states of today and that we must coalesce to solve problems like climate change , global warming , overpopulation , ocean acidification , the dangers of nuclear war and so on . 
  these problems can not be solved by millions of tiny luxembourgs or maltas or even relatively large estonias and scotlands . 
  if we allow ourselves to be divided despite the obvious benefits of integration , co-operation and coalescences of electorates , then we will be unable to provide the most important services mankind needs , the need for survival and the need to thrive . 
  but , anyway . 
  i 'm sure you 've found much to disagree with in what i have said , but i thought i 'd give you my reason , and i am sure others here will give you theirs , as the reasons in favour of such an endeavour are numerous . 
  i 've used these exact words to british people before . 
  if you catch the right ones in the right mood , they can be surprisingly responsive to the idea . 
  if there was a genuinely positive case made for the european union and european integration then i think the british might just go for it , if we 're given time . 
  wow , this one is much better than the one posted in / r/mapporn the other day !, 
  looks like something you might find in / r/infographics or on british influence 's facebook page  i particularly like the choice of colours !, 
  the reason i find the french jokes quite amusing is usually because they are usually very well constructed and unique jokes .
