  it 's about 00.01 % of the total number of muslims ( 60,000,000 is the total , and 6,000 is the number of fighters according to your source ) . 
  so your figures demonstrate that the number of extremist , violent-jihadist muslims is absolutely * tiny * . 
  and if every country pledges a billion euros ( which are worth more than dollars ) then we 'll easily match that , plus , we have a home-field advantage . 
  it 's much easier to influence people who 're already inside your country than it is to influence people who live hundreds of miles away somewhere else . 
  it 's so easy to do , that most people assimilate into a country 's culture simply be being present in it . 
  it 's taken this $ 100b wahhabism campaign in order to get a few hundred extremist out of europe 's muslim population of around [ 60 million muslims ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jan/28/muslim-population-country-projection-2030 ) . 
  plus , i think the correlation between poverty and radicalisation are pretty strong at this point , so simply addressing inequality ( as renzi has pledged to do ) could also solve the issue by itself . 
  -- ( by the way , do you have a source for the $ 100 billion figure ? 
  i 'm just curious so i can use it in future ) . 
  still , it 's an excellent idea . 
  if he even achieves some of this it will be great . 
  and hopefully his announcement will encourage others to do similar things . 
  i think that humans can believe they 're doing good , whilst actually doing bad . 
  like all those teenagers who go off to africa to do voluntourism are actually doing more harm than good . 
  i do n't believe they think they 're doing bad . 
  it 's just that that 's the consequences of their actions . 
  they 're good intentioned people who 're doing bad things . 
  do the consequences of your actions make you a good person , or do your intentions make you a good person ? 
  i do n't have an answer to that question . 
  the important take away from this is that most people 's * want to be good people * . 
  i mean , if you asked `` do you want to be a bad person ? '', 
  most people would say no . 
  so then the question just becomes one of convincing people that terrorism and islamist-wahhabi ideology is not the way to be a good person . 
  that there is a disconnect between their intentions and their actions . 
  that 's the true path to a good world , in my opinion . 
  it 's not about eradicating evil . 
  it 's about boring and tedious thinking through the facts to find the best way to be a good person and then doing it . 
  which has little to do with ukraine . 
  crimea got blacked out by terrorists, 
  source ? 
  if they 're obvious , what are they ? 
  really hard to say . 
  i do n't know how extensive this sort of thing is in the usa . 
  i hardly even know how extensive it is in the uk . 
  all i know is that my university ( university of shefield ) is pretty good . 
  the impression i get as well is that the sombrero incident was an isolated incident . 
  like , this made news in a lot of real papers , including left leaning ones . 
  the only reason they 'd do that is because it 's unusual or unordinary . 
  so my totally not an expert assessment is that it 's certainly present in the uk establishment but not pervasive . 
  yea fight russia over this would be reminiscent of the start of world war one, 
  there 's hate speech laws , not offensiveness laws . 
  hate speech is basically one step away from calling for violence against a particular group . 
  there 's no rule which says you ca n't offend people . 
  indeed europe has many publications who 's single purpose is to offend, 
  there 's a few examples of it in the uk . 
  i think the university of exeter banned sombreros and the university of cardiff cancelled germaine greer 's speaking event because she denied the existence of transsexuals . 
  that said , i think the sombrero thing was just bad management rather than anything dangerous . 
  it was also ridiculed by other universities . 
  and iirc cardiff later changed their minds and invited greer back . 
  yes !, 
  i 've bkg bought anything from starbucks in the last 9 months because of stuff like this . 
  and if you discount one accidental purchase , it 's been more like s year and a half . 
  and i do this as someone who regularly drinks coffee . 
  i ca n't be the only one who 's disappointed they just gave the submarine back , after all that ... you sail your ship into someone else 's territory and crash it , then you lose the ship !, 
  it 's probably using patrol aircraft from another branch of the armed forces , like the royal navy . 
  netflix is available for purchase in germany now , right ? 
  well , if you get a subscription and then use hulu or whatever it is called ( a vpn of some kind ) to make it appear as though you 're in the uk , you should be able to watch all of the seasons of hoc uk . 
  that 's how i watched it ( although without the vpn , because i live in the uk anyway ) . 
  -- season four will be really interesting . 
  i could never decide how i felt about season three . 
  it was different and interesting in a lot of ways . 
  i think that the ending lacked that `` shock '' value at the end that all of the others did . 
  ( i would mention what all of them were , but i 'm still trying to avoid spoilers on the off chance anybody else reads this ) . 
  season three though , it was much more left up to the viewer to think about what 's going to happen . 
  in my opinion , that 's a bad way to end a season , especially a season like house of cards . 
  you spend the entire season building up suspense , enjoying the intrigue , and then at the end you get a pay off . 
  you ca n't just have dull intrigue forever ... at some point there has to be that eureka moment . 
  on the other hand , i really enjoyed the emphasis that was put onto the emotional role of the characters . 
  like , an episode about what it 's like for a power couple in that situation is just interesting . 
  and some of the cinematography is just superb . 
  like that scene with claire walking around the white house at the end of s3 with all of the applause and then shutting the door on it ... 
  it 's very interesting when you pick up on the message behind it . 
  but still . 
  on the whole i was a bit disappointed i think . 
  it was good , but not the same good as the previous seasons . 
  i want to see how they build on it . 
  -- i wish they would just announce the release date already :( ca n't last much longer without my fix !, 
  it 's just that the title made it look like the story was that a russian tanker was grounded in scotland * right now * . 
  seeing as it 's misleading we had to tag it as such . 
  still funny and interesting content , which is why we only tagged it . 
  the user themself has ow deleted it though : / nothing to do with us . 
  i 'm sad that they did so because the content was fine . 
  [ you 're goddamn right ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/vb9b5 ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.thesaint-online.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/bake-off.jpg ) is one of the most entertaining things on television . 
  if you look at the article , you can see it 's only a couple of paragraphs long . 
  there 's really not much more detail than what / u/budna described . 
  the main thing they 're reporting on is just that there was a twitter storm against starbucks by french people , after starbucks tweeted out `` our thoughts and prayers go out to our colleagues and friends in paris , and the people of france '' . 
  obviously this is highly hypocritical given their tax situation and that makes the french twitterarti angry ( and rightly so ) . 
  yeah , the british house of cards definitely set the ground work for the american one . 
  that 's why i say the british version would probably have been great if you watched it at the time . 
  i still really enjoyed watching it from a historical point of view . 
  ( the fact that it 's written by michael dobbs , the former chairman of the conservative party , gives some indication that hoc is n't * purely * fictional , but is somewhat inspired his experience ) . 
  but the american version just expands and progresses on what the british one built and is , as close it as it is possible to be , objectively a better show . 
  all the things which were great about hoc uk were just improved upon in hoc usa . 
  i mean , i think the side plots are really one of the things that drive the show . 
  so more sideplots = better ( imo ) . 
  i think that it is better acted ( kevin spacy is just amazing ) . 
  also , the sex stuff is really boring and so i 'm glad that the us version had less of it ( though still more than i would have liked ) . 
  i also think that it is far better for having a whole array of genuinely interesting characters . 
  i mean , claire underwood is one of the main driving forces in the us version , but in the uk version she only appears in a few scenes .
