  this is a very good comment and i commend you for taking the time to write it . 
  i 'd like to say that i think the really interesting bit is the distinctions between privately owned propaganda sources and state owned propaganda sources . 
  i 'd say that fox news and the daily mail are quite possibly worse than russia today and almost certainly worse than al jazeera . 
  therefore , i think we should definitely find a way of including private propaganda in the list . 
  one possible way of doing this , is by looking at the organisation itself and determining to what extent it is journalistically independent of its owners . 
  the sun is owned by the murdoch press and there 's a famous alleged event where murdoch went into the sun offices and ranted that they were n't trying hard enough to stop ed miliband from winning . 
  so the sun is obviously not very independent of its backers . 
  on the other hand , the guardian is owned by a special trust which prides itself on journalistic independence , and the journalists themselves often decide by voting on what their collective journalistic stance is to certain issues ( such as elections ) . 
  there 's nothing wrong with having * a view * . 
  everybody 's got a view . 
  more specifically , they 've all got an * ideology * or a * weltanschauung * . 
  that 's fine . 
  but what 's not okay is when their ideology is being determined not by rational discourse and thought , but by vested interests . 
  those vested interests can be investors and financiers , or they can be states and governments . 
  how does this hold up as a rule ? 
  / u/wadcann kind of already included a counter point to your criticism . 
   i think that it takes people a while to learn the name/country mappings . 
  to extrapolate : although people can * see * the name of the organisation next to the link , they may not be familiar with its biases or whatever . 
  the landscape of news sources is ever changing and you ca n't expect every individual in the subreddit to be aware of all the various news organisations , as they come and go . 
  it would make sense to make the mod team singularly responsible for making people aware of that by tagging . 
  secondly : i think that whilst it might lead people to say `` of course the dm would say that '' ... it is a legitimate point to make , and it is worth being discussed in the individual article . 
  it will lead people to find alternative sources to verify the information , and also to contrast it with other pieces of information that the dm ( or whatever organisation ) did * not * include in their own article . 
  because of this tag and the people saying `` oh yeah well they would say that '' leads to a very useful and critical evaluation of the story in question, 
  there 's no such thing as pure objectivity , but the way i like to think about it , is like a spectrum . 
  there 's more biased stuff , and less biased stuff . 
  but thing of it , not just like a general spectrum , but like the spectrum of age . 
  you can have an age of 0 , at which point you can be no more young . 
  that 's the youngest you can possibly be . 
  just like there 's a point at which you are as biased as you can be , with the complete rejection of all facts , for instance . 
  but there is no `` end point '' for oldness . 
  you 'd agree that somebody who is 90 years old is quite old , but they 're not the oldest they can be . 
  just like you can say that the bbc is quite impartial , but it 's not the most impartial it can be . 
  just because it 's impossible to be totally without bias , does not mean that somethings are n't more bias than others . 
  and i think that this means there is a point at which we should say that the bias is so bad that it requires a special bias label . 
  it 's the same way , there 's certain things those under the age of 18 ca n't do . 
  there 's an arbitrary point at which we say `` this is n't good enough . 
  you need to be at least this old/this impartial '' . 
  they actually work together . 
  i 've explained this in other comments before , but what happens in a completely and totally `` free speech '' environment , is that somebody decides they have the free speech to stand up and shout so loud that nobody else can be heard . 
  that 's what happens to political subreddits without moderation . 
  we want to ensure that all sides in an argument have an equal shot at being heard , and that actually requires making people shut up , sometimes . 
  so rounded discussion and active moderation ( `` censorship '' ) actually go hand in hand . 
  well at the moment we 're applying flairs manually , so if a mod 's choosing a flair , they could just quickly open the link to check what sort of article it is . 
  there 's usually a distinctive layout when it 's an op ed article as opposed to their own opinion pieces , so it should n't be too labour intensive . 
  the problem is , i do n't think it should be a carbon copy of this place . 
  if it 's going to work , it should exist concurrently with this subreddit and provide a useful function that this subreddit does n't provide . 
  so essentially i 'm trying to find or create some form of potentially discursive platform , of some kind , but one that operates in a very different way to reddit itself . 
  tricky, 
  yeah , there 's a bunch of ways i 'd like to expand this community ( most of which i just do n't have the time for ) . 
  one of them would be to actually expand this community so that it does not only include this site . 
  i 'm so proud of this place . 
  i think it might be the most popular pan european discussion forum ever . 
  i literally do n't know of any more popular place for discussing european events . 
  i think that 's * incredibly * valuable , and i do n't want all of our eggs in one basket , but by just having it on reddit . 
  so i can add that to my long list of project * plan more amas , especially with people who know more about ttip * create the / r/europe annual survey , which has n't happened for about two years ( you can check out my progress so far at / r/slyratchet ) * implement proper submission flairs ( working on that at / r/europedev ) . 
  * plan a proper / r/europe meet up , because the other one which was planned by users fell flat . 
  it obviously needs proper organising ( probably by a mod , or at least a mod endorsement ) . 
  * spread / r/europe so that it has limbs in other parts of the internet . 
  * maybe add a few new moderators , because the last round only yielded a net increase of 2 any other wild ideas whilst i 'm working on it ? 
  i 've put the project on hold for a while . 
  i 'm not sure if / r/europeanparliament was around at that time . 
  i may send them a message now , 
  we 're sort of a default , but sort of not . 
  we 're not anything like the full on defaults such as / r/todayilearned or / r/askreddit . 
  we have a much more specific remit than that , and we 're * a lot * smaller . 
  no , and i do n't think we should . 
  / r/europe is a community , not just a place . 
  we ca n't just `` back it up '' anymore than i can back up 370,000 people . 
  additionally , there 's nowhere quite like reddit . 
  voat is n't an alternative , it looks the same , but all of the problems are worse . 
  that place is just for overflowing free speech , but essentially what my stance is , is that you need tools to ensure basic standards , which voat will not help with, 
  oh gosh you 're talking about damien ? 
  i thought this was about crnaruka . 
  how can you not like dclauzel ? 
  have you seen his cute little face ? 
  personally , i 'd say that some days i enjoy it and some days i find it a real nuisance . 
  during the drama that led to some two mods being let go , and one mod resigning , the pressure was so intense for days that my hands were shaking . 
  that was not a good day . 
  if there was more of that , then i would just quit because it 's too horrific to go through on regular basis . 
  but then there are good days , like when we released the new style for the subreddit an everybody loved it . 
  it makes you feel like you 're a good person , and that in some small way you 've made the world a slightly better place , and that people have acknowledged that , if only for a moment . 
  but even if nobody noticed me at all , i 'd still do what i do because i like this place . 
  i want this place to do well . 
  i feel good spending my time here , keeping out trolls , keeping out spam and otherwise making the site a nice place for users to interact . 
  so it 's a mixture of reasons really . 
  i 'm sure it 's different for each mod . 
  we actually do do amas . 
  we did two with a former mep , one with a current mep , one with the guys from universal basic income and one with a ukrainian orphanage . 
  i 'm also currently working on trying to get someone from the european commission who knows what 's going on with ttip to answer questions but their press corps is a piece of shit who take days to respond to my emails . 
  if we had help from the admins , then maybe we would be able to make more progress , but we 're stuck by ourselves . 
  and even that is just a very minor complaint in comparison to all the other ones about mod tools and admin-mod communication generally, 
  this was n't an / r/europe drama . 
  this was reddit wide drama . 
  there would have been drama if we took action , and there would have been drama if we did n't . 
  when we realised that was the decision we were faced with , we decided to take the stand that we believed in and thought was best . 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  imagine you 've got a really nice manager who 's constantly in touch , although she works remotely . 
  you rely on her to get things moving , but then suddenly some random other person says she 's gone and has replaced her with a generic email address . 
  that 's literally what they did . 
  obviously this effects / r/europe slightly differently , but just the hamhandedness of what they did there is * shocking * .
