  having a lot of cars is probably in indicator , but having fewer cars does n't indicate a lack of wealth . 
  the problem is , there 's a difference between fulfilling the wishes of the public , and blindly following public opinion . 
  there 's a reason ` populism ' is considered an insult . 
  it does n't mean ` being popular ' . 
  it means blindly telling the electorate what they want to hear , no matter how unachievable or inconsistent it is . 
  i think democracy works best when the electorate recognises that it does n't know best on everything . 
  the electorate should be able to have the final word in every single decision , but it should also recognise that on 90 % of decisions , it should let somebody more well versed on the subject make that decision . 
  imagine if you sent around a questionnaire asking the general public on how the economy should be managed , whether quantitative easing should be continued , whether we should pursue trade negotiations with iraq , whether green taxes should be levied , and where , whether vat should go up or down and by how much . 
  the economy would fall apart in days . 
  the electorate necessarily does not know everything about every issue . 
  how could we ? 
  there 's fierce debate between different fields of economics and political theory that people have dedicated their lives to . 
  how could one be expected to be up to date on all that , and have their own career and their own friends , family ect and then learn even more about political issues on top of that ? 
  the electorate does n't know about everything and should never be expected to . 
  this is why the electorate should recognise that its primary functions are as a check to those in power , and making * value judgements * . 
  by value judgements i mean ` do i think a strong economy is important ? ', 
  ` to what extent do i think that equality or the economy is more important than the other ? ', 
  ` what should animal rights be ? ', 
  ukip is selling the united kingdom a populist message which can not be achieved . 
  ukip claims that we can somehow leave the european union proper , and then get all of the benefits we want without making any concessions , whilst citing norway and switzerland , despite those two countries making * huge * concessions to the european union . 
  we simply can not pursue the model that norway and switzerland have because those agreements were fostered in an earlier time . 
  the political circumstances are different now , and such positions will be impossible to be reached . 
  furthermore , the british commonwealth is not a viable substitute to the european community as they have no great wish for further association with the united kingdom . 
  this is why people talk about ` appeasement ' in such a negative way . 
  it may be democracy , but it is one of the worst elements in democracy short of a tyranny of the majority ( where a democratic majority unfairly persecutes a minority , like catholics in northern ireland ) . 
  it is because ukip is a populist party which sells unobtainable policies to the electorate and shifts the entire political spectrum based on these borderline lies . 
  he is using the electorate 's lack of comprehensive knowledge ( and there 's nothing to be ashamed of about not knowing everything : everything is a lot ) to gain power and change the political landscape for the worse . 
  i do n't think one could argue that the the european coal and steel community is the same thing as the eu today . 
  yes , the ecsc become the eu , but the ecsc was not the eu . 
  the first draft of the eu we have is probably more like 1980s , when the european parliament started to get significant competencies . 
  there 's nothing wrong with having an anti-expansion party in a democracy . 
  in fact , as a europhile , i promote it . 
  this will legitimise the process by having * real * dissent . 
  at the moment most of the parties in there have broadly the same goals and vote for the same things on 90 % of issues , despite there being nowhere near enough consensus among the real european population . 
  as more eurosceptics join , they increase understanding of the eu , its legitimacy , and oddly enough , increase the eu 's right to govern by having people who are genuinely opposed to the whole project consulted on its furthering . 
  you ca n't have genuine democracy without a real conservative/conservative faction . 
  in the eu we have the eurosceptics instead of traditional - servatives and it 's good that they are there . 
  we need dissent to have the legitimacy to move forwards and make progress . 
  but a dead weight non-the-less . 
  someone who votes entirely on economic concerns would want it removed . 
  thankfully , people do n't vote on purely economic concerns . 
  yes , i know that foreign aid expenditure is a relatively small proportion of gdp . 
  my guess before checking was  1 % and it turned out to be [ 0.7 % ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/global-development/datablog/2012/sep/26/uk-aid-money-key-datasets ) , which seems pretty accurate . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you 're trying to point out , but i 'm gon na say that what is important about the foreign aid budget in my comment is not the size , but that i think it 's worth supporting despite being a deadweight in the economy . 
  there 's many on the right who think that we should have no overseas aid at all , and many of those could be convinced that foreign aid is a good idea based on ideas like cosmopolitanism . 
  totally agree . 
  it had good underlying music , which was well produced , it rhymed pretty well * and * did n't go on and on all the women the singer had sex with . 
  edit : accidentally a word, 
  you do realise that a ) twice as any bulgarians want to stay eu members , compared to those that want to join russia b ) the 20 % that want to join the euroasian union might be taking in non-economic factors . 
  the nhs and the uk 's foreign aid budget are arguably huge dead weights on the uk economy , but i still overwhelming support them because i think it 's ` the right thing to do ' . 
  likewise , many bulgarians might prefer russia for cultural reasons and see europe as morally degenerate . 
  when keeping that viewpoint in mind , it might make a lot of sense to prefer the eurasian union over the european union , despite economic damages . 
  disclaimer : whatever clegg was trying to do , i do n't think he did it very well . 
  however i think he has still started something very important which is much bigger than himself or his party . 
  i think clegg was attempting to have broad ranging appeal for the european project . 
  he was trying to demonstrate to even hardline ukipers that ukip 's position was not necessarily correct . 
  he tried to fight farage on his own turf and unsurprisingly did n't do that well . 
  but what he has done will be very important as the debate on europe evolves . 
  hardliners have been exposed to the potential fragility of their views in a much more direct way than in previous years . 
  in future the debate will ( i hope ) naturally trend towards some of the other pro-european arguments , that i believe to be much more effective . 
  the thing about the persuasive pro-eu arguments , however , is that they require a common starting point . 
  for instance , it is hard to understand why `` foreigners '' should have the right to come to the uk if you do not first been introduced to cosmopolitanism or something of the innerworkings of the eu . 
  the eu is necessarily very complex and will require a lot more ideas to become common to a lot more of the electorate before further arguments can hold sway . 
  an education of the basic principles must be heard out , followed by further stages and at the end the true benefit of the eu will be apparent . 
  so clegg 's performance , whilst not particularly good , was not quite as bad as the exit polls would suggest . 
  because parties which are n't labour or conservative historically do n't usually make electoral success ( for reasons in addition to fptp ) and because ukip is a far right party and borderline extremist party . 
  perhaps shocking is not the right word , but rather ` alarming ' . 
  distrust of the eu i can understand . 
  support for ukip has become a different question altogether with their libertarianism , increased defence budgets and general xenophobia ( at immigrants and homosexuals , for instance ) . 
  the thing is , those polls were more isolated and took a less synoptic overview . 
  this poll contrasts it directly with an * identical * poll which was done a year ago and shows a very definitive drop . 
  the * specific * figures might vary from pollster to pollster , but i have a strong suspicion that if you found another set of two identical polls , one from a year ago and one now , it would indicate that there has been a drop in support for a brexit . 
  the poll that you find might show different numbers to the one in the op , but it will probably show the same * trend * . 
  the trend is what 's important here , rather than the specific percentages . 
   ukip may well be the british majority in the ep just thought i 'd say this is incredibly unlikely . 
  it 's uncertain that they will even be the largest party in the european elections in the uk in 2014 . 
  ukip and labour are neck and neck with about 28 % to 30 % each ( depending on which pollster you ask ) . 
  even if ukip does become the largest party in the european elections , that 's still with only 30 % of the vote . 
  they 'd need to mobilise the other 20 % and then some for a majority to be voting ukip . 
  it 's quite something that 30 % might vote ukip , but let 's hold our horses . 
  it 's shocking , but let 's keep a firm handle on what the situation actually is . 
   it 's funny given that ukip is doing so well , as a huge europhile myself , i actually really love how much attention ukip is getting . 
  their main * raison d'\u00eatre * is so that there can be a ` debate and discussion on the future of britain in europe ' . 
  as a europhile i think that 's fantastic . 
  let 's all have a nice big discussion , criticise each other to death for the facts and figures that we get wrong until we have a somewhat better idea of the pros and cons of each others ' positions , and then a clear majority will agree to stay in the european union . 
  i have a great deal of faith in the strength of the pro-european arguments , and that if they are aired and given enough time they will naturally win out because they it 's just a better argument than the brexit which is shrouded in an outdated view of world events and usually a misunderstanding of the european union itself . 
  i agree that those were his aims , i just think they were pretty poor ones . 
  western europe was always going to participate with the usa and forge alliances with one another , in opposition to the warsaw pact and soviet union . 
  us and western european interests were just too closely aligned for an alliance not to have taken place . 
  with such forgone conclusions , i 've never seen the point in resisting them . 
  why not accept it earlier on and get in on potentially better terms ? 
  i can understand his desire for deeper integration over greater number of participants , but had the uk been included earlier on the uk could have become a member just as integrated with the rest of europe as german and france are today . 
  there 's a much stronger european element to the french and german identity these days than pre-world war . 
  that 's because of the almost immediate co-operation between the two states ( and others ) from the end of the second world war . 
  the united kingdom was allowed much time to forge its own post-war identity , focusing on a radical labour ( socialist/progressive-liberal ) government which founded the nhs , the welfare state and started dismantling the empire . 
  when france and german were establishing their post war selves their new identities became intertwined with the creation of the coal and steel community , euroatom , the common market and all the rest . 
  the uk could have developed this identity much like the rest did . 
  people think that the uk is an island and has always seen itself that way . 
  well france is not an island but saw itself similar to how the uk sees itself , but that changed with the post-war peace settlement . 
  yes .
