  my sister opened the door as a couple of people gathered on the other side , she walked through and i stopped to let them walk into the shop , they stayed staring at the ground where i would have walked through for a second and then looked up , adopted a sort of shocked expression , thanked me graciously ( more graciously than i think any one 's ever thanked me before ) and then walked into the shop . 
  they were just that surprised that someone would n't just barge through the door at the first opportunity and would actually let other people through when he/she did n't have to . 
  makes me kind of scared to move to a bigger city for fear of what i might become . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i 'm never going to southern europe . 
  i 'm terrified . 
  i do n't want to get eye raped on public transport or have my personal space invaded . 
  * shivers *, 
  we do n't tend to bother too much with the different types of tea , and if we do then we do n't usually use milk ( herbal teas , sweet teas , lemon tea and so on ) . 
  usually we just have plain old tea with milk and sugar if it 's to your fancy . 
  good for dunking biscuits in . 
   kapusta kiszona more foreign food . 
  and that 's all you need to know about that from a british perspective !, 
  i can see what what you mean with a lot of these answers and i 'd say there 's definitely some truth in them , however i do want to know what you mean by the more defined hierarchy . 
  as someone from the north i still ca n't quite get my head around the fact that some people actually like her . 
  i do n't dislike her . 
  it 's just that i 've lived in sheffield all my life and so never spend too much time around southerners , and so never heard anyone say a good word about her . 
  it 's like living your whole life thinking hitler 's the devil incarnate and then one day you go some part of the country a bit different and all of a sudden hitler 's the greatest tory politician since churchill . 
  yeah , you guys swear all the damn time . 
  there 's a reason that when there 's an irish guy in a film he ( also possibly she , but usually he ) always swears about ten times more than * any other character in the whole film * . 
  somehow whenever you talk to an irish person though , you just do n't seem to mind the swearing . 
  something about the dialect just feels so friendly that you do n't mind . 
  but if you 're in professional or formal environmental it would be completely uncouth . 
  this is what i want to know . 
  if you 're in a cubicle and have done your business do you have to then walk out the cubicle and find a bin or something whilst everyone else tries not to look at the shit which just come from you ? 
  no there are n't . 
  - sincerely , an englander, 
  i was in munich for a week recently and had a day trip to salzburg whilst i was there . 
  what shocked me about shocked places was the beggars . 
  they were all over the central areas . 
  there was a women we called the witch because she sat on a the side of the pavement * everyday * cursing things . 
  did n't look like she had a cup for change or anything , just muttering in the most terrifying voice imaginable . 
  there was also the one legged man . 
  he would crawl around the streets in a deliberately provocative way , with his stump exposed to the cold air and ruff stone pavement . 
  he 'd walk using his remaining leg and one hand , whilst using his other hand to hold a change cup . 
  there was a thing woman sitting on a stool chanting how she was a good , christian person in english , maybe german and some other language ( potentially romanian ) . 
  quite odd . 
  then in salzburg there was a man with no legs who was on a chair in the cold weather at the corner of the street to mozart 's geburstaghaus . 
  i thought it was a magic trick at first , then i noticed he was still and holding a cup . 
  i could go on for quite a while . 
  the tour guide mentioned that salzburg did n't really have a problem with beggars until a few years ago . 
  strange . 
  i just do n't get what 's with them . 
  surely germany and austria have social security nets for people in need like that ? 
  maybe i just find this shocking because i come from a pretty small english city and not one of the bigger ones like manchester birmingham or london . 
  it 's just a topic people find quite interesting , nothing against you or what you said . 
  i definitely sympathise with you were saying , just mostly disagreed but in a ( hopefully ) respectful manner . 
  i like it when you have a load of modal verbs and tenses leading to a huge pile of verbs at the end of a clause sie werden mir eine stadt brauchen d\u00fcrfen kaufen . 
  you will for me a city need to be able to purchase . 
  ( not sure if this is completely grammatically accurate , but you get the point , probably ), 
  i was being genuine about making a discussion post sometime tomorrow on the subject of non-english content . 
  i know what all those who 've posted in this thread think about non-english content , but it might be a good idea to have a wider discussion rather than just those who happened to click on this image . 
  i mean , i 've found this discussion quite fun so others might to so we should probably have one , like we do periodically on the topic of downvote-culture and whether it exists or not and if so what to do about it or european federalism/superstate which pops up every month or two . 
  i did n't realise we had this . 
  thanks for the link, 
  the subreddit actually has an all-languages are ok policy . 
  that 's why you see all german or all french languages from time to time . 
  maybe we should make a general post so that other people in this sub can discuss how they feel about non-english content and the etiquette surrounding that . 
  i 'm sure it would be enlightening . 
  what do you think ? 
  if you post something to a subreddit you have absolutely no obligations to it . 
  you just leave it there and people will make of it what they will . 
  if they like it they 'll upvote it and more people will see it , if they do n't they wont . 
  you do n't have to hold people 's hands to make sure they understand it . 
  if we do n't like it we wo n't upvote it and if we do like it we will upvote it . 
  non of this in any way obligates op to do anything . 
  i have no obligation when post a meme on / r/adviceanimals ( which i do n't do , but let 's imagine i do ) to explain it . 
  it 's self serving . 
  edit : tl ; dr : it 's not laziness if you have no obligation to do anything, 
  personally i do n't mind things being posted to / r/europe un-translated . 
  it should be as easy as possible for people to cross-post things from their culture into / r/europe , and often translating can be quite time consuming . 
  it 's more than simply translating , it 's having all the appropriate software , uploading it and making sure you 've got the translations correct . 
  i know that i would n't have bothered to cross-post this if i knew i would also have to translate it . 
  as has happened here , someone else is usually willing to translate what is happening for those who do n't speak the language and i think that 's fantastic . 
  not requiring people ( either through stigma or rules ) to translate things , however small , allows for greater amounts of content to be posted here which is undoubtedly good and also allows for a more genuine view into various european cultures by seeing primary sources and secondary sources rather than just secondary and tertiary sources . 
  it 's also a good environment for those who want to keep their language skills sharp or by exposing language learners to things which they would n't normally come into contact with , for instance certain news publications which they otherwise would not know about . 
  as someone who 's fairly patriotic about british and english history , no . 
  what we did to the irish deserves to be called the whole slurry of things it is . 
  it was a holocaust , it was colonialism , it was imperialism , it is indefensible , it was wrong and it was barbaric . 
  we 've done worse to the irish over the centuries than we have to anywhere else on the planet . 
  they 've been subjugated by us for centuries and we were n't even good masters . 
  we starved them and we tried to make their culture extinct in a way we did n't even attempt in other places later on . 
  the only thing i 'd be hesitant to call it is `` genocide '' as we never attempted to actually destroy the entirety of the irish population , but we did commit a holocaust , either by accident or on purpose . 
  never heard that one before, 
  i think this amount should be enough . 
  it could be more , but it 'll do . 
  we do n't need to have enough money to replace all the assets a bank is in charge of . 
  we simply need enough to plug the gap and keep the bank running . 
  furthermore , that 'll keep the pressure of tax payers meaning there 'll be little to no loss on the wider economy . 
  it should be enough to deal with most problems . 
  we 've managed to get through this crisis without a banking union and we could do it again , this will just make it a lot more smooth . 
  was that a mess ? 
  went pretty well from what i understand, 
  probably a false start to . 
  even if the uk does end up helping , it wont be the boots on the ground sort of help . 
  it 'll be providing ` logistics ' assistance rather than anything else . 
  i agree with your perspective , in fact i said that europe today has quite a good claim to the ideas america was founded on given that most of the philosophical justification for those american values came from european philosophers . 
  i think there was very much a time where european and american culture were as much assimilated as any part of europe is today . 
  what i was focusing on was the bit about the present day . 
  europe today adheres to the principles which were born in europe and championed by america better than america , today , does .
