  debates are n't things which you either win or lose . 
  the different participaters in a debate can and often due have different objectives . 
  this is the case with farage and clegg . 
  clegg 's goal is to reafirm himself in the eyes of disenfranchised lib dems and disenfranchised pro-europeans , which will be easily achieved by standing up to the personification of everything liberals and pro-europeans despise . 
  farage , on the other hand , is not catering to that demographic at all . 
  he is trying to improve his standing by being seen next to a member of government which will make former-tories vote for him because they see him as legitimate . 
  both sides have little to lose and much to gain from this debate . 
  i do n't want subreddits to be democratic . 
  there are some things which should be democratic , like nations , but there are some things which should be autocratic , like entertainment . 
  there 's plenty of places where xenophobes and bigots can go and / r/europe is one of them . 
  there are n't many places for people interested in europe to go to discuss issues about europe and i 'd rather that the only bastion i know of does n't get morphed into another racist hole , of which there are plenty of other equally boring holes . 
  i want a diversity of content . 
  those who run subreddits should try and fill nieches which are not already filled because otherwise all content tends to shuffle towards the same instant gratification style content found on / r/adviceanimals or 9gag . com . 
  the democratic element lays in where we choose to spend our time . 
  the number of subreddits on reddit expands all the time . 
  the bad ones tend to die out whilst individual ones ought to remain , continuing their vital service to the internet, 
  i was actually under the impression that they censor quite a lot of stuff . 
  nothing which is particularly relevant to the ukraine situation , but all the spam which used to get posted by all the racists which would occasionally and suddenly flock to the sub . 
  the kind of people that say that several million romanians were going to flock to the uk as soon as immigration restrictions were lifted , despite a few million being most of romania 's population . 
  they were also the kind of people that advocated deliberately not hiring gypsies because so many of them are criminals and thieves who 'll still from you and spit in your face . 
  also , the kind of people who think they 're like this * because of their race * and not because of their social conditions . 
  anyway , yeah , / r/europe has a huge problem with them which is why the mods moderate heavily , but , so far as i know , only on issues about racism . 
  i 'm ok with it , because i think that the racism was ruining the sub . 
  i also highly doubt they have been deliberately censoring anything about the ukraine crisis and if they have it 's probably accidental like an automatic spam filter . 
  if they have been * deliberately * censoring certain posts , and without telling us , then that 's a different issue entirely and i would feel entirely different . 
  out of curiosity , who are the two giants in this scenario ? 
   i do n't see how putin is n't winning in that scenario . 
  i know you 've got a lot of very lengthy replies , so i 'll keep this brief . 
  putin 's got the crimea , but he lost the entire rest of ukraine . 
  personally i see that as a win for the eu and a loss for putin . 
  why are we up voting this ? 
  the geopolitical landscape has n't changed , it 's changing right now , and rapidly . 
  i 'm not saying romania should do anything . 
  it 's in no position to . 
  what could be achieved . 
  * russia gets out of ukraine altogether . 
  * ukraine retains its territorial integrity until referendums over the status of crimea and the eastern regions can be held . 
  * pacify russia or immobilise russia in someway so as for it to stop being such a problem to europe and particularly eastern europe in the future . 
  russia has invaded ukraine . 
  the best action we can take in the immediate is reversing this invasion . 
  this is quite achievable using the economic might of the eu and usa combined , plus the political capabilities of all the countries involved . 
  that 's what could be achieved . 
  they also participated in the eu asset seizure/sanctions of the ukrainian government . 
  they 're also part of nato so will have participated in the nato summit called by poland and lithuania . 
  both of these things are obligations , but it 's still participation . 
  i would definitely like to see more from romania in this conflict , the 400,000 romanians in ukraine gives romania a good pretext to be meddling ( it 's the same grounds russia is using ) . 
  however , i think ( and i do n't mean this in an offensive way ) romania is not in a good position to be taking action on this . 
  it has huge domestic difficulties and if ukraine is having such trouble dealing with russia alone , romania is hardly going to make a difference given treaty obligations , economic situation and state of the politics in that country . 
  this is precisely the instance where a strong european union with foreign policy competencies would be useful . 
  poland , lithuania , romania and so on are pretty powerless to do anything by themselves , due to domestic concerns being so large and the scale of the task so great . 
  if we pooled our resources and allowed ourselves to be united on specific decisions , we could actually get something done like those sanctions on yanukovych did . 
  romania is n't much help alone , nor is poland , but with the unity of just the eastern european governments we could really achieve something . 
  two years sounds pretty soon to be , in terms of how long russia and its gas have been a problem . 
  i 'm not saying they should escalate , i 'm saying that the op is claiming that the eu is relatively inactive in this whole affair * relative to the other actors * and that is just plain wrong . 
  in short , nato responded by aggressively having a meeting . 
  and at the end of it they said words which do n't directly lead to anything . 
  yes , such action . 
  much impressed . 
  [ when the eu has a meeting it takes action ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26280710 ) . 
  it does n't just make a strongly worded statement . 
  any one can make a strongly worded statement . 
  words do n't matter . 
  actions matter . 
  obama can talk all he likes about `` there will be serious costs if russia to russia '' but until he says what those costs actually are and shows that he 's going to actually do them , it means nothing . 
   the major actors coming into play in the political and diplomatic world stages are russia , us , nato and un ] i think that you 're being overly generous to the usa and un with this . 
  they 're not doing anything . 
  nato 's response so far is also nonexistent . 
  it might become something , but until it does they 've done nothing and the un and usa are set to continue doing exactly that , nothing . 
  the usa might participate as some part of nato or participate in an economic manner , but that it 's not doing anything more than the eu or eu states . 
  russia is the only real state or confederation which is doing anything of note here . 
  nato has the potential to do something noteworthy , but it still has n't . 
  the usa and the un wo n't do anything . 
  let 's not look at the eu or eu members and just assume that because they 're being pretty inept that everyone else is doing something more . 
  they are n't . 
  they 're just as inactive as the eu is . 
  the eu 's main foreign policy devices are strictly economic and they 've been used once in this conflict already , to cut off the assets of the yanukovych government . 
  representatives of all the eu memberstates ' governments are going to be heading for another meeting soon , the kind of which lead to those sanctions on yanukovych . 
  in that respect , the eu is acting just as strongly if not stronger than the us , nato and un already have been . 
  there 's a lot of little words which are spelled differently . 
  it 's not just the normal centre , metre , litre , colour , labour armour ones , centralise , mobilise , dehumanise , words which are different . 
  there 's a whole range of spelling differences which normally do n't follow a rule . 
  there 's even some grammar differences like the wider use of collective nouns for organisations in the be verses singular nouns for organisations in ae when you 're brought up speaking a dialect of english other than american , you stop even noticing how different us and british english are because you just become so used to seeing american spellings all over the place . 
  british people on british websites will occasionally end up using american spellings because they 're so used to using ae on the internet . 
  ( as a little side note , a lot of famous british books , [ like harry potter ] ( http://www.hp-lexicon.org/about/books/differences.html ) when they move over to america get translated with the appropriate spellings and [ euphemisms ] ( http://www.hp-lexicon.org/about/books/ps/differences-ps.html ) , but basically all the books in my local libraries from american authors are written with american spellings , and have n't been translated ) . 
  so yeah , be and ae are actually a lot more different than people usually give them credit for , it 's just that the world media usually never uses be ( except in very isolated instances like in british newspapers which 're online ) so americans are n't often fully exposed to the difference ( not blaming you , it 's just that it 's seldom used ) and the british tend not to even notice spellings anymore because we 're so surrounded by it . 
  why does the uk keep getting singled out in this debate as one of the powers which should be taking a leading roll ? 
  i thought we were a marginal has-been . 
  is that honestly the parliament building ? 
  it looks like a cottage !, 
  do you have a source for any of that ? 
  because everything i 've read so far ( [ for instance the wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_ukraine#cite_note-census-1 ) ) has said that russians are a majority in crimea , not tatars . 
  there has been no official vote on the issue , but you 're avoiding the question . 
  if a majority of crimeans want to determine their own destiny , do they not deserve to determine it ? 
  whether they determine they want to be part of russia or be their own state , is surely , a matter for them to decide and it surely is exactly the same thing , deciding their own destiny . 
  additionally there are strong arguments that the government has the right to decide this , given that they represent the people , but that hangs on things like voter turnouts and percentages which i don \\ t have at my disposal . 
  this is a very interesting way to look at it , but whilst the minority rights are very important from a liberal perspective ( tyranny of the majority and all that ) , is people 's right to freedom from oppression greater than the majority of crimea 's right to self determination ? 
  do you mean , if the us withdrew it 's nuclear weapons , would we still have enough to deter russia from using its own nukes ? 
  yes , certainly . 
  you do n't need many nukes at all to have an effective nuclear deterrent . 
  so long as you have enough nuclear weapons to overwhelm the enemy anti-missile systems and ensure that at least one missile can get through at any point in time , then you have an active nuclear deterrent .
