  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted : / this happens in every thread . 
  you do n't say much which is aggressive or irritating but you still end up right at the bottom with negative karma, 
  good point, 
  i thought this was the main intention of the loans which were issued by the ecb to greece ? 
  the ecb gives greece these loans , and then the ecb does n't care so much if greece ca n't pay them back , unlike other creditors . 
  half of the things you mentioned are n't bad in and of themselves ( well mostly ) . 
  the union of powers things is n't so bad , apart from that the union also extends to the courts , but so long as the courts are mostly separate it 's not really a problem ( the top upper house of parliament in the uk was also the , effectively , the supreme court until recent years without much trouble ) . 
  it looks like those two bullet points are only problems because of the first bullet point : corruption . 
  if you had a good government in , then the other two would cease to be a source of problems . 
  however , we ca n't really expect that to change anytime soon . 
  thanks !, 
  drl ? 
  i do n't think the the author really understands why people vote for parties like ukip and afd . 
  he keeps trying to convince the reader by pointing out how little they do in the eu . 
  whilst such an argument would gain a lot of ground with a europhile or eurofederate i think most people who 're against the eu will be completely indifferent or just support ukip more as a result . 
  i think that the article would be better at convincing ukipers if , instead of talking about bad attendance figures and `` hypocrisy '' ^ ( i 'm not exactly sure hypocrisy is the appropriate word here . 
  maybe ` having your cake and eating it too ' is more appropriate ? ), 
  it should instead talk about alternative routes that ukip could use . 
  for instance , why do n't ukip actually participate with the eu ( vote on laws , work in committee , turn up , et cetera ) in order to make the eu smaller and have less influence ? 
  ukip seems to take the stance that they have one objective and that that objective is the complete abolishment of the european union . 
  why not have two objections ? 
  the complete abolishment of the european union * and * reduction of the european union . 
  ukip only tries to remove the eu entirely and never seems to work to make it smaller . 
  it 's like getting a slight infection in your foot and insisting that it must be amputated , then refusing to get it treated until the only real option * is * to amputate . 
  so yeah , the article does n't seem to be sympathising with its target audience , at least from my perspective . 
  i 'd love the input of someone who 's actually eurosceptic to say if this holds any water with them . 
  i would n't call it hollow strength . 
  i think people , the media et cetera tend to exaggerate germany 's economic strength and effectiveness . 
  i mean , it makes for a good narrative and is simple to think about . 
  it 's very easy to convince yourself that germany is just amazing in every single economic way , and numerous statistics support that simple narrative . 
  however figures like the one 's in der spiegel have been around for a while and they do show that this narrative is n't * quite * true . 
  * however * , it does seem a little overzealous to say germany 's strength is hollow . 
  it 's certainly not what the media et al have made it out to be , but what would be more surprising : germany being as amazing as every one says ( which would make it literally heaven ) or it not being * quite * as good as people make out . 
  just because germany 's economy is n't quite as impressive as we figured does n't mean its not impressive . 
  additionally , whilst a lot of germany 's employees are on a part time basis or work pitifully low hours ( and wages ) which makes their employment statistics look much better than life in the country really is , those people * are * still employed and they are still having a much better quality of life than they would otherwise . 
  sure , a lot of germany 's jobs are n't good jobs but they 're a damn sight better than no jobs like we see in greece and spain . 
  on one hand , germans are n't investing into a social net because their jobs are n't good enough to allow them . 
  on the other hand , they are n't making a safety net , but at least they do n't currently need one . 
  at least , because of the jobs they do have , they are financially independent as individuals and have a relatively good quality of life when compared with places in eastern europe or outside the eu . 
  so that 's how i look at the situation . 
  it 's better than nothing !, 
  and it 's definitely better than minus-es . 
  and , if we i 'd be extremely pleased to get 4 quarters in a row with 0.6 % . 
  by the end of the year we 'd have over 2 % growth which 'd be pretty good . 
  i like to imagine that the first one , when he says `` kim kirdi '' is talking about kim kardasian . 
  because twitter is one way governments can inform their electorates of what they are doing and the government informing its electorate is generally a good thing . 
  furthermore , it 's also a way they can interact given that people can publicly ask the government questions which helps transparency and the proliferation of knowledge . 
  it 's a win win really . 
  anything which is about the government allowing more knowledge of itself to go to the public would probably be coloured in such a manner . 
  anything which gives the public more knowledge more frequently is a good thing . 
  it 's nice to hear something positive about government for once , 
  how come you did n't use ministerial twitter accounts like elsewhere ? 
  in future you might want to narrow down your definition of what is counted . 
  there could be rather a large disparity between what 's accepted in one country compared to another . 
  for instance , you might decide to accept the twitter accounts of various police forces in one country ( of which there are at least ten in the uk ) but not include police forces in another . 
  additionally , comparing government tweets to ministerial tweets feels like it might be a bit too much of a leap . 
  even with that inconsistency though , i like the map . 
  just like the definitions to be a bit clearer . 
  i 'm not sure this map is counting politicians tweets . 
  i think it 's counting tweets made by official government agencies or perhaps the official and singular government twitter account . 
  on top of that , even if a politician does make a lot of tweets , it is n't indicative of anything because the politicians do n't make those tweets . 
  they use twitter more like a mini press office and do n't see any reason for what 's being broadcast under their name to actually be made personally by them . 
  the content of their tweets is usually pretty undangerous though and would probably just be a wast of time for people like cameron to actually make . 
  personally i would doubt that . 
  the relationship between some trains crashing in europe and a hypothetical hs2 are just too loose for the overwhelming majority of people . 
  a few people might use it , but i envisage that we 're only talking about double digits here . 
  there 's too many other issues about hs2 for people to get strung up on stuff like this . 
  probably the media realising that train derailments make for good viral news articles . 
  i 've seen about four stories of derailment , which for a continent of 500 + million people and , in places , some very shoddy craftsman ship does n't sound that surprising . 
  i mean , there could well be a lot more train crashes than usual , but i think there 's still been so few that it could very easily be coincidence . 
  the map tries to take account of all separatist movements , no matter how serious or unserious . 
  but it does show you that if someone wanted to go through with the idea of breaking down europe 's larger ( in terms of population ) nation states into smaller units , there are already separatist movements who could carry the torch and create new regions from which to devolve power to . 
  obviously you 'd still get some huge discrepancies in population and political power ( see north france compared to malta or england compared to sicily ) but the differences in population between them start to look a lot more like us states differences , which is a reasonable amount of difference to aim for . 
  assuming that breaking down larger europe states into smaller units is a good thing , which it might be . 
  well , to be fair , the japanese were n't trying to tell us what to do or make our decision for us . 
  they were just saying something very simple . 
  if the uk leaves , the uk will have less japanese investment and less japanese companies operating in the uk . 
  they 're not saying what we should do , but merely letting us know what they will do . 
  the quote from that mp was extremely out of place because he seems to be extrapolating things from that letter which simply are n't there . 
  well , the great depression was pretty bad ... 
  i mean , unemployment was at 25 % at its peak and its only 12.2 % in may 2013 and that 's for the eurozone and not the eu as a whole . 
  additionally , germany 's currency ( and subsequently government ) completely collapsed as a result of the great depression . 
  this is without me getting into things like suicide figures or in work poverty figures which also tell a similar story . 
  whilst you can argue that it is similar , you just ca n't argue that this crisis is as bad or worse than the great depression . 
  it 's simply not true . 
  you can argue that this crisis might * become * as bad as the great depression , but we 're simply not there yet . 
  to be fair , belgium 's differences are kind of accentuated more than most because of the whole dual languages thing . 
  it makes the divide much much sharper than most . 
  normally a national divide would be quite notable if it was just a linguistic one or just an economic one * on its own * but this one is both economic and linguists . 
  yeah , just makes your difference kind of a lot more intense . 
  i 'd agree with you * if * ( when belgium hypothetical splits into wallonia and flanders ) that the only other option was for them to never speak to each erect a big curtain between them , establish border controls and start being generally aggressive towards each other . 
  however , that 's not the case . 
  at this point devolution is a good thing . 
  for thousands of years we 've needed to unite ourselves into a big state so as to rebel raiders or aggressive armies . 
  now , we do n't need that . 
  now , the only criteria for whether you should have your own country is based on whether you want to have a country and whether you 're capable of it . 
  if people in belgium want that , that 's good for them . 
  they wont be losing anything by splitting . 
  they 'll still have freedom of movement , freedom to work , ect, 
  personally i do n't believe a use is the solution to all problems .
