  furthermore , the house is largely filled with people who have not been a member of the house of commons , those are the real people who make the house of lords an excellent chamber . 
  oh and  they all voted against gay marriage [ what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22764954 ), 
  i actually really disagree with you about the use of the uk 's second chamber . 
  the house of lords in the uk is filled with experts in many many fields , from business to law to science to pretty much most things . 
  it 's a chamber filled with experts who 're willing to look at the bill being proposed to them and give a * knowledgable * opinion on it , as opposed to all the elected politicians in the other chamber who are probably pretty ignorant about the whole thing and who 's only qualification , is that they got between 10,000 - 40,000 votes in an election . 
  the members of the house of lords , on the other hand , have usually had long careers dedicated to their profession and have a wealth of experience to add to the bill . 
  this is why the house of lords seldom tries to stop bill from passing , but instead requests amendments be added to make the law work better and those amendments will usually go back to the commons where they are passed and a better law is thus made . 
  tl : dr the house of lords is a really good chamber, 
  i like to think the lack of real news is an indicator for how great our lives are here . 
  unless you live in the bavaria/austria/czech region . 
  or maybe even donated to frank 's floodings help , so that people would n't have to spend money refurbishing their destroyed houses , and thus have more money to raise children with . 
  personally i do n't think you 're ever going to get the public to have more children unless you make society more hospitable to them , and the government can only influence society ( in any meaningful way ) through legislation . 
   a new presidential decree has been signed that gives police the power to declare any public gathering illegal if [ 4 ] `` the number of people is deemed too small relative to the importance of the street they occupy '' . 
  is there any decent rational behind this law ? 
  sounds dangerously authoritarian to me . 
  well , at least this is n't the norm . . that 's something , right ? 
  what 's so bad about the senate ? 
  is it anything like the uk house of lords ? 
  my analogy still holds true . 
  just because something has happened many times in the past , does not mean it necessarily will happen in the future . 
  a turkey could hear a bell everyday and noon , go to the source of the noise and get fed . 
  this could happen hundreds , maybe even thousands of times . 
  however , on the 24th of december one year the turkey hears that bell and goes to get food like always and his head is chopped off and he is later eaten for christmas dinner . 
  just because things have in the past happened one way , does not mean they always will . 
  these things must be examined on a case by case basis . 
  just because something happened before under one set of circumstances , does not mean it will continue to do so . 
  europeans , for hundreds of years , believed that all swans were white . 
  every swan they had ever seen was white , so they believed that every swan they would ever see , would be white . 
  this turned out to be false when they started travelling the world and finding black swans . 
  basically , contingent truth ( truth based on past experiences ) is a really bad thing to base your believes on if you want any kind of certainty . 
  i agree with you that the three non gypsies in this situation are/were asshats , ** however ** i just hate the generalisations around that . 
  just because a lot of people with gypsy heritage are absolute stupid assholes , does not mean it 's because of race , or that they will always be like that . 
  they 're like that because of their situation and their family , ect . 
  they can move out of it . 
  someone can come from a gypsy family and be an amazing person , however a lot of people just assume that because they are from gypsy families that they are worthless individuals . 
  that is something i can not stand . 
  maybe , there 's a good chance that when you see someone from a gypsy family and you make a guess that they 're an asshole , the chances might be , that you 're right . 
  however , making that judgement is pointless and only perpetuates the situation . 
  that person has the ability to surprise me , because there 's nothing inherently bad about gypsies . 
  i will not pre judge them and i will give them the same possibilities i would give any one else , because they are people first , and gypsies second . 
  yeah , a lot of them might be assholes , but not all of them . 
  and i give every single one of them the chance to prove to me that they 're not an asshole . 
  i would act nicely to a gypsy a hundred times , a thousand times , ten thousand time and they could turn out to be an asshole every single one of those times , and i would still give the next gypsy i meet the chance to prove to me that they are a nice , good and honest person . 
  because that 's the luxury that a * person * deserves . 
  a lot of people , do not grant gypsies that luxury . 
  i did n't know you could be that racist and xenophobic in so few words & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  the white anglo saxon protestant americans of 1890-1910 thought very similarly about the european and asian immigrants of their time , as you think of the gypsies in our time . 
  they made * many * anti immigration acts and formed many xenophobic organisations like the kkk ( mark ii ) . 
  the immigrants of that time did not come to work , they came to make a better life for themselves which involved working . 
  these romanians are the same . 
  they want a better life in germany , and are willing to work to do it . 
  i could go on listing similarities . 
  reminds me of the situation with most of europe and the big america cities circa 1890-1910 . 
  it is among the young . 
  i 'm ` young ' and will vote for one of the more pro decriminalisation parties in 2015 . 
  there 's plenty of reasons the big parties have for not supporting decriminalisation . 
  personally , i see it as only a matter of time before it starts being supported by major parties . 
   the awarding of the prize may surprise some in spain as the tactics of the pah have raised controversy in this country . 
   most controversially , the pah have made use of so-called `` escraches '' . 
  these escraches involve the direct targeting of politicians ' homes and offices to put greater pressure on them to change policies . 
  perhaps the european parliament is trying or at least wants to pressure european member states into reforming the way they treat their citizens ? 
  seems preposterous , i know . 
  it 's worth noting that branson is and has been a long time supporter of decriminalising marijuana/weed/whatever you want to call it along with other drugs . 
  it 's unlikely that anything he has to say on the issue is new , or possibly even * new * sworthy , but it 's definitely worth having a look into just because it 's kind of important to the drugs debate . 
  it 's not exactly new , but it 's worth reading about , if you 're into it . 
  here 's a source , just incase any one else is reading . 
  [ bbc news ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11981754 )  ten years later he launched a local cable-television outfit - telemilano - which would grow into italy 's biggest media empire , mediaset , controlling the country 's three largest private tv stations . 
   his huge fininvest holding company now has mediaset , italy 's largest publishing house mondadori , the daily newspaper il giornale , ac milan football club and dozens of other companies under its umbrella . 
  [ another source ] ( http://www.encyclopedia.com/topic/silvio_berlusconi.aspx )  following the constitutional court 's 1976 ruling that the radio televisone italiana ( rai ) conglomerate could no longer extend to the local level its legal monopoly over national broadcasting , berlusconi launched a massive effort to capitalize on the legitimization of `` pirate '' television station operators . 
  he founded a holding company , fininvest , to manage his expanding portfolio of interests as 700 commercial stations mushroomed virtually overnight . 
  berlusconi worked quickly to create a major library of films , and then rented them out to the new stations in exchange for their advertising on his new pubitalia publishing subsidiary . 
  by 1980 , he was the dominant force in a skyrocketing television market that over the next five years increased its share of national advertising from 15 to 50 percent . 
  i would think that it has more to do with berlusconi owning a large portion of the media , and thinking `` well , i do n't want the people know that it 's actually my fault the country is like this , so i 'll personally tell the newspapers i own , to print bad stories about the eu '', 
  do n't worry about the comments section on newspapers . 
  no one ever says anything sensible in those , because most of the sensible people do n't bother writing in them and instead go to reddit . 
  the comments sections of every online uk newspaper are always extremely stupid on * every * issue , not just the eu . 
  maybe the newspapers you read/used to read have just gone down hill with time ? 
  obligatory comment stating my pleasure that another european country has made another step towards equality, 
  this seems to be what has happened with livonian . 
  people have kept that language alive , by learning it . 
  about 40 people . 
  the language is not `` dead '' , so why are we being sad ? 
  i assumed it was jose manuel borroso at first . 
  i see what you 're saying , but i think you 're ignoring the other half of the equation . 
  with the question of language diversity , there 's always a trade off between being able to communicate with the rest of the world , and having a variety of languages . 
  ok conversation probably flows differently in different languages to some extent , though i 'm uncertain that it happens in any serious amount . 
  but with that diversity of ways to have a conversation , you stray further and further away from * language 's original goal * which is to allow people to communicate with one another . 
  to be sad that more and more people are being able to communicate with each other ( by learning the same language , and thereby allowing others to die ) seems counter intuitive to the point that we learn to speak and to communicate . 
  less languages are a by product of a more interconnected world , a world where people can all communicate together , no matter who they are or where they were born or who they were born to they will be able to participate in the wider world . 
  is n't that a goal worth striving for ? 
  a goal worth making sacrifices for ? 
  i think it is . 
  i think that languages `` dying off '' ( which i also think is a sensationalist term , given that the languages are recored in their usage ) is part of the course of a more equal human race . 
  it is sad that we lose diversity , but it is happy because in losing that diversity , we gain something better . 
   hat thought could not be expressed in such a condensed way in any other language of the planet , agreed , however , it can still be explained in other languages . 
  the subbreddit / r/doesnottranslate has a whole host of untranslatable word , however , they have all been translated . 
  it just takes several words to translates instead of simply one . 
  it does sound like an overstatement to me . 
  from my understanding everything can be explained in every language , it 's just a question of how and using how many words .
