  personally i quite like verhofstadt . 
  he 's an impassioned character who provides a clear , liberal , pro european message . 
  that 's pretty rare , at least where i come from, 
  please post this to the mega thread, 
  as a student with nothing to do this summer : i offer myself as tribute . 
  do it as a comment, 
  please post this to the megathread, 
  please post this to the megathread, 
  please post this in the megathread . 
  you can still have it . 
  it 's just that you can have it in the megathread . 
  the megathread will also be regularly updated ( when it reaches about 500 comments ) in order to allow new things to rise to the top . 
  thank you - adding it now, 
  it 's already been delisted . 
  if we allowed a few things about the greek crisis to be posted it would immediately go to the front page because it 's so topical , and then nothing else would be able to be discussed . 
  the point of the megathread is so all the greek crisis stuff can be in one place , without eclipsing other things on the subreddit . 
  still , any up votes it gains will be off the back of the greek crisis which is going on now . 
  for the next couple of days it belongs in the megathread . 
  just post it as a comment in the megathread . 
  sorry that 's all i meant by it , 
  please post this to the megathread . 
  depends on how it 's used . 
  it 's basically like every other pun in the world . 
  it can be cringe inducing and horrible , or it can be cringe inducing and funny . 
  please post this to the megathread . 
  this has been added to the megathread . 
  this has been removed under rules 2.5 . and 2.6 . 
  please post this to the megathread . 
  i think you are trying to link it too closely . 
  i mean , that certainly * was * an element in the crisis . 
  the loans which were initially payed to greece went primarily to pay off loans which were made by german and french banks . 
  since that point , eurozone governments , the ecb and the imf have token on most of the risky greek debt and the banks are largely secure . 
  so there has been a marked change in attitude because very different things are at stake now than in 2012 and 2010 . 
  however , it is a very real crisis in itself . 
  the risk of losing greece is a political disaster . 
  the ideal goal was that the european banks as well as greece could be saved in one fell swoop , but obviously that did n't happen . 
  but just because the goal posts have shifted does n't mean that saving greece still is n't a huge priority . 
  he 's the head negotiator for syriza . 
  if it gets any up votes , it 'll be on the back of the greek crisis , which is what the megathread is all about . 
  please post this to the megathread, 
  please post this to the megathread . 
  this has been added to the megathread . 
  please post all other grisis related stuff there . 
  mod here please post a source . 
  please post this to the megathread . 
  please post it to the megathread . 
  please post this to the megathraed, 
  a ) ecb ends all of its liquidity grants to greece , which will make greece need to implement its own currency , which will put it in contravention of the treaties and be forced out of the eu . 
  b ) the eurogroup and imf just decide to prolong the discussions . 
  personally i think this is what will happen . 
  if the eurogroup thinks there 's * any * chance of reaching a decent compromise , then they 'll just keep negotiating until they either get a deal or realise they 're never going to get a deal . 
  it 'd be silly to force greece out of the eu because they reached an arbitrary ultimatum . 
  yeah , as a briton and follower of politics , i 'm not certain if he would demand treaty reform in his favour . 
  it depends on a lot of internal factors . 
  it 's certain that he * wants * reform of the social chapter , the part of the eu which forces the uk to have maximum working hours and other worker protections . 
  if he wins that reform , it 's likely that all of his conservative back bench mps will fall into line . 
  without the social chapter , the eu is essentially just a big trading bloc to them , which is what they always wanted . 
  the question is , would he be willing to jeopardise the eu in order to get that reform ? 
  it would damage his reputation with other european leaders even further , but his reputation is already almost non-existent with them . 
  additionally , he 'll likely win the referendum ( i.e. 
  stay in the eu , which is what he wants ) even if he does n't get the social chapter renegotiation , but his party will be damaged for ever if the eu ends up breaking up because of him ( which is a distant possibility ) . 
  it all hangs int the balance . 
  my only hope is that it never comes to treaty reform . 
  please post this in the megathread . 
  please a ) provide a source and b ) send that source to the mega thread . 
   dijsselbloem for those that do n't know [ dijsselboem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeroen_dijsselbloem ) is the dutch minister for finance . 
  so he 's essentially varoufakis ' equivalent in the netherlands . 
  if dijesselboem dislikes the syriza , that will harden the netherlands ' entire stance towards them , which is what 's happened . 
  it 's also very dangerous because the netherlands is one of the most prosperous nations in the eurzone at the moment and pretty essential if greece wants a renegotiation of its debt . 
  you know that whole blackout2015 thing ? 
  that was actually a protest in order so that the admins will give us more of their magical powers because we do n't have enough . 
  mind = blown right ? 
   i do n't have anything concrete of `` implement x and do y '' , but are you going to tell me there 's nothing wrong ? 
  are you going to tell me there has n't been a ridiculous amount of greek-bashing ? 
  i 'm not saying there 's nothing wrong and i 've said already that you should report individual instances of hate , as per rules one and two in our side bar . 
  the thing is , the problem you have identified is the general atmosphere . 
  i ca n't flick my fingers and magically make people more compassionate . 
  i need specific ways make the environment nicer and more welcoming to all sects , but i do n't have a concrete way to do that . 
  so you can say there 's a problem all you like , but at the end of the day that 's all of our problem . 
  you ca n't just shift the blame onto the mods , because what we can do is limited . 
  yeah , personally i 'm in two minds about the political cartoons . 
  on the one hand i think these ones in particular are useful , because they demonstrate the political opinions of major newspapers . 
  for instance , you can see that the economist clearly takes a position which apportions blame on syriza . 
  we do n't normally allow political cartoons . 
  but them being political cartoons by major publications puts a rather different spin on it . 
  on the other hand , yes , they are just caricatures when it comes down to it and their inherent value is questionable . 
  if it was n't attached to a major publication , then we would n't allow it . 
  it 'd also make sense to group them by age , education and income . 
   i delete most all my posts a day later . 
  i always have and always will ... 
  why ? 
   and the mods should be fucking ashamed for how far it 's come i 'm not exactly sure what you want us to do . 
  we remove xenophobic/hateful comments when they 're reported to us and when we see them , but we ca n't be everywhere all the time ( hint hint , please report more comments ) . 
  this is a community . 
  we 've got a certain amount of limited control , but at the end of the day we ca n't force the users in a direction they do n't want to go . 
  what exactly do you want us to do ? 
  that 's actually a lot larger than i would have expected . 
  what 's their status ? 
  do they provide any significant benefit to metropolitan france ? 
   nouvelle cal\u00e9donie independence if they want it in the future , because we feel really bad for what happened .
