  but given how much of greece is coastal and how much of greece is on islands ... 
  it 's probably going to be the second worst hit after only the netherlands . 
  that comparison would also be interesting given the rice of the golden dawn party and the hitler 's national socialist german worker 's party . 
  this could turn out very interesting !, 
  indeed . 
  when study leave ends i 'm gon na talk to the american history teacher and try to compare how bad the recession is in greece at the moment and how bad the great depression of the 1930s was in the usa . 
  i 'm sure it 'll yield interesting results . 
  tl ; dr some benefits and some negatives for northern europe . 
  southern europe gets no benefits and worse negatives . 
  greece will probably be hit hardest . 
  ah , i 'd have to amend my statement . 
  most populous sovereign state in europe , not including micro states ( vatican , liechtenstein , luxembourg , andorra , monaco , ect ), 
  i disagree with your premise that in parliamentary systems the government is not directly elected . 
  they are . 
  when people go to vote in their members of parliament they know exactly who that mp is going to support for head of government . 
  they know exactly what the mp 's policies are ( including what prime ministerial candidate he/she supports ) . 
  so when a constituent votes , they know exactly what they are voting for . 
  they know that if that mp gets into office , he 'll support the prime ministerial candidate he/she said he/she would . 
  therefor when a constituent votes for an mp they are also voting for the prime ministerial candidate that mp is backing . 
  this is not the case with the european commission . 
  parties and prime ministers never state what their opinion of any european politicians are and are usually unable to because the appointments to the european commission happen at different times to when national elections take place . 
  so the government decides who they think we 'll prefer without consulting us . 
  when we turn out to vote , we are completely in the dark about who our mp and who our prime minister will vote for at the european appointment of the european commission . 
  so , national governments * are * elected and the european government is appointed . 
  unless we 're talking about the european parliament , but that 's the legislature not the executive . 
  there is a democratic deficit in the european union and it is far worse than in most national level democracies . 
  there are democratic problems at the national level , but not so bad as at the eu level . 
  both need reform . 
  mainly the eu . 
  well the head of state in the uk does n't have any significant power so i do n't really see why her being non elected is an issue . 
  furthermore , the head of government is elected . 
  he is personally elected by his constituents and every one else in the country voted for him through proxy of their own mps . 
  the president of the european commission is appointed by the heads of national government which is too far away from the ordinary people . 
  the people are not consulted on who the european president or head of the european commission should be , and british political parties never state who 're they are supporting as candidate for president of the commission . 
  so the british people do n't really get any input on who the commissioners are going to be where as they do with the pm because when a british citizen votes for an mp , they know that that mp is going to support gordon brown or david cameron as mp . 
  they do not get that same knowledge with the european commissioner . 
  the head of the european commission should be a member of the european parliament just like the head of government for a large portion of the eu 's member states are . 
  i ca n't particularly help you with finding the most densely populated zone in europe , but it might be of vague interest to know that if england was an independent country we 'd be the most densely populated sovereign state in europe . 
  above the current champion , the netherlands . 
  come to think of it , i 'm gon na check if we 'd get that rank if scotland votes for independence . 
  the word of `` big '' in german is `` gro\u00df '' ( pronounced gross ) . 
  and the word for `` father '' is spelled `` vater '' ( `` v '' is pronounced like an english `` f '' ) . 
  so the word for `` grand father '' is `` gro\u00df vater '' . 
  yes , pronounced like that . 
  german 's a fun language , 
  that 's what i had in mind , 
  the estimates and time scales for how much something like this would cost vary a lot , and given the way the question was phrased i do n't think we need to pay too much attention to the specifics . 
  if i 've managed to become dictator of one of the richest continents on earth and a continent which has also never been fully united at any point in its history , apart from under my iron fisted grasp , i 'm gon na assume i have a lot of power . 
  i 'd think that spending 70-150 years building a floating-submerged tunnel which is 5,000 or so miles long is not outside my capabilities as i seem to be of near godlike status . 
  additionally , i do n't think new york porto would necessarily be a huge improvement ( though it might be a partial one ) because of the way the map is distorting the image . 
  however , a much better route would be new foundland in canada and ireland . 
  that 's if we want the shortest distance in a straight line . 
  if we want the shortest underwater distance then the best route would be up through canada , to greenland , to iceland and then to the independent state of scotland ( this is at least 80 years in the future ) . 
  you 've got to admit , it 's not an unexciting project . 
  right ? 
  i read the original piece when it was posted here . 
  i later saw this link with the same title and thumbnail posted in / r/france and assumed some one had looked at the map and decided to post it in that sub with a demeaning title :p either way , i 'm glad someone has critiqued this properly . 
  i really agree with what the author is saying . 
  people keep talking about connecting up europe all together . 
  that should n't be too expensive . 
  what i really want is [ transatlantic tunnel ] ( http://www.futuretimeline.net/subject/images/transatlantic-tunnel-route.jpg ) with maglev trains . 
  if the tunnel was air tight which it would have to be because it 's underwater and because there 'd be no friction between the track and the train wheels because the train has no wheels ( maglev = magnetic levitation train ) this means unthinkable speeds could be reached . 
  you could arrive in london from new york in about two hours . 
  the one problem is that it might take longer than 10 years . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_tunnel ), 
  i upvoted because i thought it was funny :( oops, 
  people are finally starting to forgive us for that iraq thing !, 
  what i personally understood op to mean was that the beauty of european borders is that they are crazy . 
  `` having a border runnign straight through a city and its shops , houses , gardens , markets , ect is n't normal . 
  ** but in europe it is ** ! '', 
  also , europe does have quite a lot of exclaves . 
  the one in croatia and switzerland ( or herzegovina and germany , depending on what way you look at it ) come to mind . 
  there 's also the complicated situation of greek and turkish islands . 
  there 's the fact we have countries small i know people who genuinely are n't sure if they 've driven through `` it all happened so fast . 
  i do n't know how it happened . 
  i just accidentally entered luxembourg '' . 
  there 's a piece of the united kingdom on the southern coast of spain . 
  there 's another bit of the united kingdom on the island of ireland . 
  there 's a bit of russia several miles away from russia . 
  i could go on for a long time . 
  well personally i see more democracy as a means in itself rather than a simply a way to please reservationists . 
  it 'll do both , but even if there were no reservationists i 'd still heavily advocate more democracy . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_european_union * 1945 marks the end of wwii * 1949 the council of europe is established as the first pan european organisation ( nothing to do with the eu , but an interesting point on the timeline ) * [ treaty of paris ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_paris_ ( 1951 ) 1951 , establishes the european coal and steel community which would morph into the eu . 
  it 's goal was to prevent a war in europe in the future * treaties of rome in 1957 creating euroatom and the european economic community ( the eec ) . 
  * merger treaty was signed in brussels and came into force on 1 july 1967 creating the european communities . 
  it merged the three communities under a single set of institutions . 
  * 1973 the uk , ireland and denmark are allowed to join the eu in the eu 's first ever enlargement . 
  * 1979 , the european parliament held its first direct elections * 1986 european flag adopted ( not important , but interesting ) * 1993 the maastricht treaty came into effect creating the european union . 
  the eu now had foreign and domestic affairs capabilities * 1995 the schengen agreement comes into effect allowing * 1999 , the euro came into effect it 's a start . 
  european integration really accelerates as time goes on . 
  it still feels like it 's accelerating given the new powers the eu has gained through the crisis . 
   when did we loose our passion ? 
  when did politicians ruin the idea of a peaceful european continent ? 
  you 're supposing it was lost . 
  it is n't . 
  if you 're going to use people saying `` lazy greeks '' and `` arrogant germans '' as evidence , my i point out how much hate there can be between the south east of england and everywhere else and that we 're still a pretty united country ( apart from scotland , but that 's complicated ) . 
  there 's huge levels of angst towards each other in the press , yet we get along pretty well and are more than happy to share a country . 
  europe is definitely more complicated than that . 
  vigour for a united europe probably has taken a dip in support , but i think so long as the crisis comes to an end eventually that it 'll return . 
  every country goes through crises and when they do the central government takes a beating in public support ( see the republicans at the onset of the great depression ) , however , one the crisis is over things generally return to normal and people tend to forget pretty quickly .
