  if i was selling one million magazines more than my closest competitor then that 's great , but if a year later i 'm selling 500 thousand less then i would be declining , despite still being first . 
  but this is all academic because [ other statistics from 2012-4 ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/165520/umfrage/verkaufte-auflagen-von-spiegel-stern-und-focus/ ) show that der spiegel 's total sails are ( shockingly ) going * up * in absolute numbers , not down . 
  that 's actually very impressive . 
  so i can only deduce that / u/cinocu is talking out of their arse . 
  hi , i completely understand and i do like content like this , but it 's place is on / r/xkdc and unfortunately not here . 
  you can feel free to link to it in comments with other redditors on this subreddit . 
  thank you for your cooperation . 
  this has been removed for being low quality under rules 6 and 7, 
  hi mod here sorry but this has been removed because it does not have anything explicitly to do with europe . 
  is this not a normal phrase in irish english ? 
  hi just a friendly mod reminder that you should look at rule number two of this subreddit, 
  all poles prior to 1990 were taught russian in school , and there 's about 500,000 poles in the uk ( i ca n't remember if that makes them the third second or first immigrant group in the uk compared with the irish and indians ) . 
  so that probably helps a lot, 
  the source [ here ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/map-of-the-percentage-of-population-able-to-speak-russian-in-the-eu-by-country/ ) links to the eurobarometor survey ` special 386 ' and if you check the specific wording used ( page 12 ) it asks respondents if they are ` able to hold a conversation ' in a foreign language . 
  but it 's self assessed so there 's obviously a lot of room for error , however t be survey did specify what speaking a foreign language ( i.e. 
  being a to hold a conversation ) actually is . 
  however , keep in mind that second language speakers only make up part of the information . 
  native speakers ( page 10 ) make up the other section , and that 's much easier to define and accurately self assess . 
  make of this information what you will, 
  sorry but this has been removed, 
  sorry but this submission has been removed, 
  hi , mod here this post has been removed . 
  my name 's there if you click the ` and x more ' button near where the other moderators are listed . 
  and i lost my hat !, 
  it was terribly embarrassing , but i 've found it now, 
  sorry but this is n't the right place for submissions like this, 
  sorry i could n't be more help, 
  it 's fucking clowded over . 
  well that was a surprise, 
  so what you 're saying is you do n't see mods removing things , which is funny given that that 's the point of removing stuff . 
  we as moderators have to make a judgement call between which stuff says and which stuff goes and the line is very vague and hard to find . 
  we do n't want to become inundated with pictures but we also dot want to ban them completely, 
  just wait until the pesky poly pansexual people perplex us . 
  i 'd be interested in of any people who gained their sense of european identity after they became adults ( i.e. 
  in their 20s ) . 
  how many of you are there and what was it that made you change ? 
  what did you identify with before ? 
  and us pesky bisexuals who want gfs * and * bfs, 
  sorry , but this is better suited to / r/europics than here, 
   can you stop with makin everything personal  makes it more personal i 've not been for a period long enough to satisfy you , as almost any amount of time i give would surely not be enough . 
  however i have many close american , canadian and europea friends who am in * regular * contact with and have been in contact with * for years * . 
  i consider that good enough to make a well reasoned and evidence based judgement . 
  can you stop with makin everything personal ? 
  both the people you 've disagreed with here you 've criticised of being wrong , but because of what they 've said , but because your assumin things about their character which you have no reason to believe . 
  youve assumed that i 'm some emperial apologist who knows nothing about canada or america ( non of which is true ) whilst you 're by contrast some sort of expert . 
  you 've also argued that the other person lives in canada and that they are therefore defensive and do n't want to be lumped in with america . 
  that 's a pretty huge leap based on one reddit comment . 
  it 's also pretty crass to assume that , if what you 've assume is true , that you are in a better position to judge canadian culture than they are . 
  whilst i 'm sure a lot of people do have these ideas intensely mapped out on their head without any first hand experience , i do n't count myself among them . 
  my ex girlfriend is american , one of my best long term friends is canadian and i speak german and keep in contact with several german friends too . 
  i 'm not making up these opinions from a point of view of ignorance . 
  and i 'm definitely not a ` sun never sets ' type of person . 
  i 'm an anti-imperialist and perhaps one of the biggest europhiles you 're likely to meet . 
  do n't be so quick to judge, 
  so ... what does this legislation actually do ? 
  all the linked article talks about is that there is a disagreement and not the content of the disagreement, 
  i still do n't really agree even with your modified statement . 
  for a start , america is culturally very different from the uk ( no human rights [ only rights for citizens ] , lack of social security , gun laws gone mad , etc ) . 
  the shared language and especially shared tv makes us seem more similar than we are . 
  for the other countries which still have the rightful queen as their head if state , i 'd say that most of them are as like as as the europeans are . 
  british culture is definitely european . 
  and i think canadian and australian culture is very similar to british and european culture ( although there are some notable differences ) . 
  for instance , i 'd probably support canadian eu membership if it ever came up . 
  that said , if i had to choose between the canzaus and the eu , i 'd pick the eu based purely on practical stuff like proximity , larger economy , signs that it already works , etc. 
  because there 's so little to pick between the two.blocs, 
  this post has been removed for editorialising . 
  feel free to 're post with a more accurate and impartial title, 
  i still am , too . 
  now i feel famous ^ - ^, 
  there 's also subreddit specific shadow bans that mods can use, 
  there 's also a lot of lurkers who vote a lot but only comment on their special issue . 
  like in this sub i have three main topics that i talk about and comment on little else and i 'm a pretty hard-core user, 
  i think any thread ( including this one ) is the place to put forward ideas and recommendations . 
  that 's usually how these make it up as you go along sort of events work . 
  you mean the leftist current events magazine ? 
  you mean the leftist current events magazine ? 
  still counts !, 
  ^ ( please do n't take this away from me ), 
  americans always use the example of the british air force using some american resources as definitive proof that the uk can not operate alone . 
  just because we took help that was on offer does n't mean that we 're reliant on it . 
  for instance , the u.s. has back up from the italians in the afghanistan war of 2001-present , but nobody says that the u.s. were reliant on italian support . 
  the war effort would have continued even if any one of the participating countries dropped out , just like the british and french could have handled lybia by themselves , even if there was no us support . 
  hmm this is very strange . 
  i wonder where the discrepancy comes from, 
  you called ? 
  by the time i was aware of this thread a bunch of people has already posted more credible sources like here http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2z7z36/hes_back/cpggkqj, 
  this sub got specifically mentioned in his reddit video, 
  basically it means ` from scratch ' my degree is politics , german ( from intermediate ) and russian ( ab initio ) . 
  so i 've done german inside ( and outside ) school and achieve accreditation for it , but i have n't for russian and so i 'm starting from nothing . 
  but it does effect whether other people make them learn russian , either their family ( esp . 
  parents ) ( when i mentioned wanting to do russian to my grandmother , who also speaks russian , she just gave a tirade about how russia was dangerous and went on about nemtsov ) or the governments themselves ( due to lack of resources being allocated ), 
  and that 's why i 'm starting an ab initio russian course . 
  hopefully the foreign office wo n't have forgotten its need of polyglots in four years time, 
  we got mentioned in one of his videos once . 
  proudest day of my life so far, 
  you are aware that for the overwhelming majority of the thread 's existence , that the mods have been sticking it and that for the overwhelming majority of its existence , this worked fine . 
  attributing the decline to sticking is just a correlation-causation fallacy despite the fact there is n't even correlation . 
  you would expect the decline and the sticking to happen at the same time if mod intervention had any thing to do with decline , but that 's simply not the case, 
  we used to have tower or babel threads every so often, 
  for the german emigration story story , there are figures which show almost all of the germans go to other eu/eea countries ( primarily austria and switzerland , but also significant numbers in uk , spain and france ) .
