  i did n't even mention many other forms of weaponry apart from nuclear and ` conventional ' weapons which , when i use the word , means rifles , machine guns , pistols and other such weapons which make use of gun powder and metal missiles . 
  i would put explosives such as missiles , bombs and fragmentation grenades under a different category . 
  so i did n't even really compare chemical weapons to cluster bombs or any other incredibly destructive or imprecise form of warfare apart from nuclear . 
  but i will elaborate some on it here . 
  i think that in an ideal world there are no lethal weapons which are designed and used exclusively for the killing of other human beings . 
  this includes chemical weapons , fragmentation grenades , bombs , mines , missiles , machines guns . 
  there are certain acceptions for some conventional weapons if they serve an alternative use to killing human beings . 
  examples could be killing animals ( either for protection or food ) . 
  euthanasia would be allowed but not executions . 
  so ideally i 'd like the entire world to disarm , but i know this is not going to happen in the near future so i would at least appreciate that we stop furthering the development and usage of newer weapons such as nuclear and chemical weapons , but also cluster bombs and forms of biological warfare . 
  i would hope that all of these move backwards instead of forwards and at the very least come to a stand still in terms of their proliferation , development and usage . 
  the west is not immune from this . 
  i never said that western forces or any other forces should go and start bombing syria . 
  i do n't know how it is best to ensure that the advancement of chemical weapons in syria is halted . 
  i do n't pretend to know the answer . 
  i just know that they should be halted but not how . 
  i am indifferent in terms of whether the west should intervene or not because i do not know what outcome will happen whether we intervene or not . 
  so i do not push for either side . 
  the person i was responding to simply asked `` are chemical weapons really that important '' to which i replied `` yes they are '' . 
  lots of other weapons are important , though personally i think chemical weapons do trump most of them . 
  however i also think that they should all be reduced ( clusters bombs , drone strike capabilities , the lot ) . 
  i hope this clears up my opinions and reasons for commenting somewhat for you as i rather feel that you misinterpreted my opinion . 
  just because what i am saying appears to be supporting a political stand point does not mean * i * support that stand point . 
  i am merely providing information . 
  i was not arguing a corner and you 'd be best advise to remember that in future . 
  yeah it 's rather a shame , but i do n't think it can be considered a waste . 
  when you account for the huge cost of filling an entire plane with sixth form students and then organising the tour guides , coaches and so forth . 
  it would have been such a logistical and expensive nightmare to coach how ever many of us there were all the way across poland to see the other sites . 
  you 've got to keep in mind that someone has to pay for all of this . 
  if one of the pupils is really interesting in the holocaust and of making sure that the lessons learned are not forgotten , they 'll probably make their own way there in the future . 
  so yeah , it would have been amazing to go and see some other sights in poland , but it is n't financially feasible or a particularly good use of funds . 
  they 'd probably be better off sending a greater number of people to see one concentration camp ( not necessarily auschwitz ) than they would sending a smaller number of people to see several historical sights . 
  i have a much smaller family because of the holocaust ( my grand father was on `` the list '' but escaped . 
  his relatives not so lucky ) but that aside , i 'd rather more people know and understand than fewer people know but not understand . 
  yeah there 's a lot of people that are absolutely convinced that obama is just evil . 
  there were some california teens i knew who just wo n't hear a good word about him . 
  they would n't even hear a moderate word about him . 
  he 's no saint but a lot of people are seriously jaded and will distort every and all information so that it conforms to their view . 
  this is n't limited to any political stance mind you . 
  i knew a few people who held that guy 's opinions about romney as well . 
  i thought that saying was a global thing rather than a texas thing . 
  never knew it had any connection to texas in fact . 
  yeah it kinda does . 
  chemical weapons do n't just kill people , they often only leave them disfigured or disabled . 
  and when they do happen to be lethal the deaths are far more inhumane than conventional weaponry . 
  it 's usually a form of prolonged suffocation and a mixture of having side effects . 
  pupil dilating is usually mentioned because it conjures up an image of what sort of thing is happening to the body of someone when they are the victim of chemical weapons . 
  but the way chemical weapons kill is n't the real issue with them . 
  if there was a gun which shot bullets but then killed or disfigured them i would n't have such a problem with them . 
  however the real problem with chemical weapons is that they are ** amazingly imprecise ** . 
  unless you are attacking a lone military installation in the middle of a huge desert then you are going to be hurting huge numbers of bystanders and the environment . 
  if chemical weapons are used in urbanised areas then it will definitely wipe out the entire enemy force in the area , but you 're also going to killed and maim every civilian in the area too . 
  not to mention that if you use chemical weapons in a rural environment you 're going to end up potentially destroying the entire eco-system of animal life and potentially some plant life . 
  this has been seen already with the use chemical weapons in syria . 
  a number of alleged civilian casualties and chemical weapons have only allegedly been used once . 
  can you imagine if an entire conflict became chemical ? 
  could you imagine if both sides ended up using chemical weapons against each other ? 
  you 'd end up with a holocaust of the entire warzone . 
  we 're not talking about a few civilians sadly dying due to the war . 
  we 're talking about every civilian in the vicinity of each chemical weapons attack . 
  that or they sadly survive and limp on with their maimed bodies . 
  this is why chemical weapons are regarded in a similar way to nuclear weapons . 
  ok chemical weapons probably wont lead to the complete extinction of the human race and life on earth as we know it ( though if we advanced chemical weapon technology further , that might be a possibility ) but the kind of damage they could cause if they go unlimited would be immense and not completely incomparable to nuclear weapons . 
  i 'd recommend the wikipedia pages on chemical weapons if you 're interested . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemical_weapon http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mustard_gas http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_battle_of_ypres, 
  holocaust educational trust , yeah . 
  it was n't like it was ever going to be a ` holiday ' . 
  still , i 'm impressed and surprised that they managed to get us there and back in only one day . 
  me too , minus the swiss german . 
  i spent 20 minutes learning some of the most basic things about dutch once . 
  if you know german and english plus that tiny amount you can understand an awful lot of dutch . 
  heck it 's probably just as hard to get to that level of dutch for a native german speaker as it is for a native speaker to understand swiss german . 
  impressive, 
  it depends how much we 're helping them and how many other people are helping them . 
  for instance in iraq when the uk was america 's main ally they espoused that the uk was sort of special . 
  with afghanistan and libya it was indifference to mild appreciation . 
  and with syria it 's indifference . 
  dislike is a little strong . 
  we 're still a western country which sometimes helps them in military affairs , has a lot of cultural links and never gets in the us ' way . 
  anyway , as time has gone on the uk has become mildly less similar to america in terms of foreign policy which means america has become slightly less fond of the uk . 
  it 's not surprising . 
  i prefer it this way . 
  all countries are america 's closest allies ; [ seriously ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erypxze9pxs ), 
  yeah people like the guys over on / r/worldnews or the boston bombing thing are the reason i * always * treat my own conclusions with suspicion . 
  i treat every one 's view with suspicion , but a cambridge graduate of physics is in a far better place to conclude whether the higgs boson exists than i , a humanities student , am . 
  i could trawl through wikipedia for a few hours and come to my own conclusion , but that does n't mean i 'm right . 
  it does n't mean the cambridge graduate is right either , but i trust his opinion over mine because he 's studied that subject hours at a time for years at an accredited institution where as i have only studied it for minutes at a time for maybe a day . 
   it would amaze me if the syrian military actually ordered the attack there 's a huge difference between the syrian government ordering the attack and the attack coming from syrian government forces . 
  basically it could be that a syrian general ordered the attack , but without the go ahead from assad . 
  this is a lot less serious than if the regime had adopted the policy , but it could still be enough to go to war . 
  the country is learning, 
  i was flown all the way to poland once . 
  then back again the same day . 
  i live in the north of england . 
  the moral of this story : you 'd be surprised the kind of things which can be day trips . 
  an englishman , an irishman and a scotsman applied for a job as chauffeur to a rich lady . 
  ` i 'm such a good driver , ' said the englishman , ' i can go within six inches of a cliff edge without driving over . ', 
  ' i can go within an inch of the edge of a cliff without driving over , ' said the scotsman . 
  ` and how close to the cliff edge can you drive ? ', 
  the lady asked the irishman .
