  guys , guys . 
  i think the french are saying mean things about us . 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  let me use my gcse french on them to try and communicate . 
  quelle are you saying about moi ?!, 
  *** * ( makes hand gestures ) *, 
  ^ ( * / u/dclauzel is neither late nor early . 
  he arrives precisely when he means to . 
  youi . 
  i think gypsy hate was bad , got a whole lot worse , and now it 's just bad again . 
  it was actually about 8 months ago , and nobody has any idea why the reddit admins chose the countries to make / r/europe a geo-default for and which not to . 
  like , switzerland , russia and serbia are not geo-defaulted either , but then i think some other countries like bosnia and herzegovina are . 
  it makes no sense . 
  that does ring a bell ... * and now * i have to search though my entire post history !, 
  una cerzeva por favor !, 
  hehe a + well done . 
  i 've got a lot of respect for / u/trucidator . 
  i disagree with him on almost everything . 
  we can write walls of text to each other for ages arguing point by point and still not agree . 
  people forget that the conservatives were actually the party that brought the uk into the eu , and it was labour that called the referendum to take the uk out . 
  the then labour prime minister ( harold wilson ) even went to europe to try and secure some olive branch concessions from the european union in the same way cameron is going to if they win . 
  how times have changed . 
  you mean , infrastructure that we would have to build anyway because of the old infrastructure becoming out dated and decayed ? 
  even if the uk economy just froze at the level it 's at now , we 'd still have to build most of the new infrastructure just because the current stuff would start falling apart . 
  the reason we use diesel trains today instead of steam is n't because the population expanded . 
  additionally , the immigrants pay for these improvements in infrastrcture by a ) by physically working on the infrastructure themselves ( immigrants are more represented in construction than in most other industries ) b ) paying their taxes c ) paying to use these services ( in the case of public transport ) d ) working in the british economy , which creates wealth for the whole country , which can be spent on infrastructure . 
  even if we were to ignore the infrastructure argument , immigration is still a net positive because the desire for britons to work abroad is just as high as it is for people from abroad to work here . 
  if we stopped letting immigrants in , we 'd have to stop allowing our emigrants out . 
  any stress which uk immigrants make on the infrastructure here ( which is nothing , because immigrants actually fund infrastructure ) is also made by uk emigrants outside the uk . 
  we owe it to uk citizens who want to work abroad to let them by allowing other people in here . 
  you missed out the big one that nigel farage and his ilk like to go on about , and that 's the idea of sovereignty itself . 
  a lot of people are annoyed by all of the things you mentioned , but mostly what they do n't like is that they feel the decisions are n't being made by them . 
  a british government would likely do a lot of the small things that annoy them , and the public would probably support those motions . 
  however when the eu does it they hate because they feel as though britain just ought to govern itself , irrespective and regardless of how well represented we are in brussels/strasbourg ( although there is a big argument about the eu not being democratic enough ) or the laws which the eu creates . 
  this submission has been delisted because it is a duplicate of a story already on the front page [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/34xgdp/far_right_figurehead_le_pen_slams_backstabbing/ ), 
  really stretching the definition of a sentence there . 
  i 'll let it slide though , because i want to raise the profile of semicolons ( although i 'm not sure this is even the correct usage of a semicolon ; a-for effort though ) . 
  [ and in case anybody is still wondering ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_trade_and_investment_partnership#national_sovereignty_and_investor_state_dispute_settlements_.28isds.29 ) . 
  i thought that was the general consensus . 
  / r/europe seemed pretty behind the greek government at first , but now it looks 50/50, 
  yeah i really do n't think the number of uk persons has increased since default . 
  i do n't see it in person and i dot see how it would be possible, 
  yeah i think it 's a real shame that some of the cultural stuff has been neglected over time . 
  i really hope we can change it . 
  i know there 's a desire for those discussions to come back and they 'd be well received if and when they are . 
  but the problem has been compounded by the increased politicisation , not just in / r/europe but in all of europe . 
  a bit more than a year , there was a lot more agreement across the continent about where we were all going . 
  the euro looked like it has been saved and there was a consensus for austerity etc. 
  most of the controversy related to boring things like banking and the uk and greece 's eu membership . 
  but in recent time ukip and syriza and podemos have started to take their countries by storm and really upset the balance . 
  new fault line 's in europe 's conditioned have emerged . 
  it 's nice to see that those fault lines largely run across europe , though , and not along europe 's national borders as in the days of old . 
  as if that were n't enough , there was the ukraine crisis , which is ongoing and already changed the way europe and russia see each other and themselves . 
  the controversy runs across europe . 
  living in europe now is much more similar to living in a europe of the late 1980s , at the end of the cold war , than of the europe in 2005 , dominated by free market capitalism and a sense of comfortable optimism . 
  all of europe has became a place of much more hightened political pressure , not just this forum . 
  in any specific way or are you just fondly remembering `` the good old days '' which probably did n't really exist and are just a byproduct of you not being able to remember all the things which annoyed you even back then . 
  people keep saying that racism is so bad now , but people often forget that racism was a problem back then too . 
  just look at any thread with gypsy in the title . 
  the gypsy thing is n't such a problem anymore , but it 's largely been replaced by any thread mentioning sweden and immigration . 
  people also like to point out that some of the regulars do n't post as much , but that 's ignoring the fact that regulars of anything are unlikely to stay regulars for years on end . 
  people 's lives change even if / r/europe does n't . 
  we 've actually kept a huge amount of active and well known commenters with that in mind . 
  and that 's completely ignoring some of the new regulars that have taken hold . 
  so i think its very easy to say `` oh its become so awful '' and `` booo things were so much better '' but i think that 's largely not the case . 
  things are different , but not tht different and a lot of the bad change ( more white noise ) has been countered by positive change ( such as more content ) . 
  they 're guidelines , not requirements . 
  if you think you would be a good fit despite not fitting some of the guidelines , apply anyway . 
  if you have other good qualities , it will likely balance out . 
  this goes for everybody . 
  for you specifically , if you as an individual have been a member for over a year , then that will fulfil the guideline . 
  if you can provide an explanation with slme evidence in the application , that 's even better . 
  between three and six . 
  i thought he was a liberal democrat , which is virtually intertwined with being pro eu . 
  i just want to say that i was disappointed that was n't a real subreddit . 
  i was expecting it to be filled with images of lots of objects that usually have points , but deliberately not showing them . 
  like the middle of a pencil , or the handle of a sword . 
  somebody make so . 
  just fyi : this is not the current leader , but the former leader . 
  the current leader is marine le pen , who is the daughter of the party 's founder , jean-marie le pen . 
  it 's still weird that the party his daughter runs and he created has disowned him . 
  that 's pretty unique , ai n't it ? 
  not true . 
  the british constitution is pretty unique !, 
  checks out . 
  relisted . 
  please provide a source to the ( the relevant part ) of the pisa studies . 
  which are the serious newspapers ? 
  the only one i can recognise as not awful is el pais . 
  this post has been delisted until a source is provided . 
  that 's a big part of it , yes . 
  we want to have somewhat of a mixture . 
  we 'd rather have moderators exclusive from the community ( or at least i would ) but we think that bringing on other * experienced * moderators from outside has a lot of benefits . 
  moderation is just like any other job . 
  you can be good at it or bad at it , and to be good you need experience . 
  bringing in moderators from outside provides helps provide new moderators with training wheels . 
  they can also provide the subreddit with some fresh ideas from other parts of reddit . 
  i do n't think that would be a good idea . 
  they 've only been ear marked . 
  depending on what sort of applicants we get in the main thread could change our decisions about one of the other mods .
