  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission has been removed for editorialization , because the title is n't the original title or a summary of the page linked , but instead expresses the opinion of the poster . 
  in the future , refrain from using this practice . 
  the proper place for expressing your opinion is the comment area . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  i 'd like to see some of these polls . 
  / u/superhatepro also said they 'd post their polls , and so have other users in previous threads and i 've still not seen them posted yet . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission has been removed for editorialization , because the title is n't the original title or a summary of the page linked , but instead expresses the opinion of the poster . 
  in the future , refrain from using this practice . 
  the proper place for expressing your opinion is the comment area . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  it 's worth noting that the document this comes from is 130 pages long , and whilst much of it is blacked out , there is a great deal that is n't . 
  so the picture is n't really representative ( as it makes it appear that 100 % of the document is redacted , which is n't true ) . 
  removed . 
  no source, 
  what did the comment below say ? 
  the user deleted their own comment so i ca n't see it, 
  * slaps forehead * if only we 'd thought of that at the time !, 
  nah , me and you were added at the same time . 
  obviously no applicants could ever be so high quality . 
  i 'm talking about the round when saltysolomon and ivashkin were added . 
  * runs away before salty and vash have time to arrive and hit me *, 
  that was the intention , yeah . 
  sorry but it 's gon na be a little while . 
  we got a lot more applicants , of a lot higher quality , than we were expecting , so it 's gon na take some significant time to sort through . 
  i mean , last time we only got about 30 applicants iirc , but this time we 've got about a 100 . 
  bear with us . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission has been removed for editorialization , because the title is n't the original title or a summary of the page linked , but instead expresses the opinion of the poster . 
  in the future , refrain from using this practice . 
  the proper place for expressing your opinion is the comment area . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  also because of snoopsnoo.com . 
  i think he was trying to make a funny, 
  just looked at that . 
  it was removed by the user themselves , or maybe the admins , but not us . 
  i deleted a comment chain next to it , but not that comment . 
  people delete their own comments a surprising large amount . 
  or maybe it 's just admins deleting alts . 
  either way , nothing to do with us . 
  there are other possibilities than everything being our fault, 
  i do n't think there 's any evidence of moderation policies leading to further degradement . 
  if you can point me to actual evidence of the shift , then i 'll take it seriously , but as it stands everybody seems to have an opinion on this and almost non of it is based on any information apart from what users happen to look at . 
  on the other hand the moderators are here , looking at everything ( including what is removed ) every-day , plus decades years combined experience . 
  apart from the whole violence being wrong bit ... 
  i think you 're * seriously * under-representing the hurdles journalists have to go through to sufficiently evidence their stories . 
  the main way journalists distort the news is through their use of language , not through their lack of sources . 
  it 's very easy to shit on journalists , but they are actually highly skilled professionals ( apart from some columnists , and the like , but they do n't deal with reporting the news , and it requires a different sort of skill ) . 
  so , i 'm just gon na leave it there . 
  you 're seriously underplaying the role of journalists . 
  there 's probably no news organisation with a 100 % track record , but i 'd say almost all news organisations have a significantly better track record than random redditors who 've been put in a position where people are going to blindly believe them . 
  it will just attract those intending to misinform . 
  i also do n't accept that most news organisations have no incentive to tell the truth . 
  they have an incentive to incentivise , but they have a much longer term incentive to be reputable and trustworthy . 
  yes , there have been huge scandals , but they are scandals because we expect news organisations to be trust worthy and it is shocking when they do n't live up to our high expectations . 
  i would trust even a sensationlist news article from the sun more than the average redditor in terms of hard facts for all of these reasons . 
  edit : tl ; dr : look , i know news organisations have a bad name , but it feels ridiculous that i have to sit here and explain that news organisations , who 's job it is to report the facts , are still more trust worthy than strangers on the internet, 
  there 's relying on strangers on the internet , and then there 's relying on professionals who have known identities and who 's job it is to publish reputable information ( think : organisations like eurostart , or reuters ) . 
  one at least has to face consequences if they knowingly mislead , the other has no repercussions whatsoever . 
  i do n't think the logic is that shitter . 
  i 'd avoid calling anything such an adjective until i know more about it . 
  i think there 's `` debunking '' as in , arguing against the gist of the article , and then there 's `` debunking '' which is saying ` this article is literally a pack of lies and here 's why ' . 
  i think that the former is very comment , but the latter is less so , although it 's still a big problem . 
  i think that it being a standard problem , especially on larger subreddits , just shows the failing of moderation on those places and that we have the resources ( or will do , when we have more moderators ) to stop this problem , at least in our own subreddit . 
  there 's a few things we can do , but all of them are subtle things which wont ' change the overall problem . 
  what needs to happen is a subreddit wide change in voting culture . 
  we can do things like make the downvote button invisible or show a little text bubble ( `` only downvote unconstructive comments '' ) when you mouse over the downvote button , plus a few other things . 
  non of it will change the culture by itself . 
  it has to be part of a more concerted effort . 
  i think if we started actively trying to change subreddit culture visible at this time , with our current reputation , it 'd just push more people in the other direction and deliberately use the voting button in the other way . 
  i kind of agree with twitter . 
  * some * tweets are primary sources of information and highly verifiable . 
  for instance , tweets by any major european politician or artist with an account verified by twitter could be of great interest . 
  i think that it 's just a remnant rule from a different time , personally , which we 've not had a chance to review with all the other stuff going on . 
  i 'll put it on the agenda to discuss changing . 
  the reason i 'm not 100 % on that is because you 're essentially relying on a random reddit user to tell the truth . 
  i think the / u/european88 story kind of shows some of the problems with that . 
  i mean , sometimes it can work if you get several users to independently verify it , but that means you have to allow lots of users to see it first , which means letting it onto the front page , which we should n't do if we ca n't prove it 's legit . 
  it 's a slight paradox . 
  i agree that it is one of the main problems with reddit , and this subreddit . 
  i also think that , on an individual level , there is no excuse for using the voting buttons to reflect your opinions . 
  it 's not like one person ca n't make a difference . 
  the upvotes and downvotes are one of those things where every little bit really does help . 
  all i can say is that you should try and get the word out about what the voting buttons are really for and point out when it 's being abused ( especially when the comment being abused has opinions which are the opposite of yours ) . 
  if we did that , then we would get much better debates , because people would be upvoting insightful comments to the top , rather than circlejerks , which are boring . 
  if you vote based on opinion that 's all you end up with . 
  a lot of people agreeing on the same thing . 
  where 's the fun in that ? 
  i want to be challenged and i want to learn . 
  so , just because other people do something a certain way , that makes it okay ? 
  was it ever on the front page ?
