  so yes , i feel as though ukip , in terms of policies , would be aligned with the democrats . 
  there was a broadcast by the bbc world service which featured a bunch of former british diplomats as well as one from a developing country . 
  it was very interesting , but there was also a comment about the differences between british and french diplomacy which went some thing like this . 
   somebody will come to the british with a suggestion , they 'll read it , balk , and tell them it is totally unacceptable and needs to be entirely re-worked . 
  the representative with the suggestion then leaves in a huff . 
   the french diplomat will tell the representative is is an excellent idea , but will need a few tweaks . 
  they will suggest them one at a time and win them round to the idea until the chuffed representative leaves and hands back something entirely unworkable to his superior , who promptly fires him . 
  much to the amusement of the french . 
  this submission has been delisted under rule 2.6 . 
  it 's 6 because that the highest number that a journalist can fit into a single article without becoming unreadably long . 
  it 's not meant as an authoritative census of uk economists , although that would be nice . 
  the particular thing about this list , is that if you were to to get a list of the 50 top economists in the country , at least two of these economists would be in the five . 
  additionally , i know that one of the top economics researchers in cambridge university , who also happens to be ranked as one of the world 's top 20 thinkers by prospect ( [ ha-joon chang ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ha-joon_chang ) ) is also pretty left wing . 
  i 'm only part way through his book though , so i 'm not quite sure if i 'd go so far as to put him on the green wing of politics , but he could well be . 
  anybody got a translation of the linked article , or another source confirming it ? 
  hahaha . 
  i liked the bit about there being some scottish woman . 
  it 's very heartening to see * anybody * not being completely caught up in the drama , even if they are from abroad . 
  the green party is actually more left , and the snp are n't as leftists as they seem . 
  some of the major contributions that the snp will claim they have made for working people , are things like cutting the council tax , which is * not * a very good thing for the disadvantaged because most of them do n't pay tax anyway , and less tax income means less welfare and government services which would otherwise have helped them . 
  this has actually been supported by [ kate pickett ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kate_pickett ) , a professor of the university of york , and [ richard wilkinson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_g._wilkinson ) , a professor at the university of nottingham . 
  so some of the uk 's top intellectuals . 
  and when six of the uk 's top economists , e.g. 
  the economics professions of the london school of economics ( which is on par with oxford and cambridge , ) , manchester and imperial college london , as well as the former head of the world bank and so on were asked by [ a financial times journalist what their manifestos would include if they were standing for election , they pretty broadly agreed with green party policy ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7da2852c-e3af-11e4-9a82-00144feab7de.html ), 
  basically , the government simply buys the business and says `` this business is now a worker co-operative '' and then the workers make all the decisions . 
  tbf , if you plotted uk and us political parties on the same spectrum , ukip would probably end up being in the middle of the democratic party somewhere , with the tories slightly to the left . 
  labour would be off the bloody charts with [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bernie_sanders ) ( who is one of only two independents in the us senate ), 
  ah you 're right . 
  they 've changed their policy since previous elections . 
  they 're still in favour of multi-lateral nuclear disarmament ( all nations doing it at once ) , they 're just not in favour of uni-lateral disarmament ( the uk doing it alone and hoping the rest of the world follows suit eventually ) . 
  he 's against the snp because he sees them as extremist , same with ukip . 
  the lib dems have a very carefully measured amount of austerity and taxes that they want to implement . 
  they 've positioned themselves directly in the middle . 
  ukip want loads of austerity and no tax increases ( they want cuts in tax , a lot of them ) whilst the snp want huge amount of tax rises and no austerity whatsoever . 
  i do n't think nick clegg has any problem with an exclusively scottish party being in parliament , or even being part of a government . 
  it 's just that he does n't want the snp , with the policies that they have at the moment , to be part of a government . 
  it 's got nothing to do with them being scottish . 
  additionally , clegg sees the issue of scottish independence as settled for the foreseeable future because we 've had a referendum . 
  however , nicola sturgeon ( current snp leader ) has said that if certain agreements are not met that they will have another referendum . 
  for clegg , this is anti-democratic which is why he 's against it and does n't want to give them any foothold in government . 
   keeping trident lib dems do n't like trident . 
  they want to get rid of it . 
  they actually stopped trident from being renewed in this parliament ( which is what the tories wanted ) . 
  they were n't able to dissolve it , because the tories would never support it , so the decision to renew was pushed into the next parliament . 
   forcing scotland to stay in the union lib dems support scotland in whatever it wants to do . 
  that 's why we had a referendum . 
  the lib dems campaigned for scotland to stay in , but they fundamentally thought it was for the scottish people to decide , which is why there was a referendum ( referendums have actually hugely increased generally since the lib dems became part of the government ) . 
  mod here this has been delisted until a source is provided, 
  i ca n't talk specifically , but i certainly think ireland is much more culturally european than american or britain . 
  they have strong commitments to military neutrality , they 're ok with european integration etc , and their own rich linguistic heritage . 
  i think there 's very americans who genuinely represent * modern * irish culture . 
  some of them certainly represent some form of irish culture , but it 's developed differently so it 's not really the same . 
  and there 's obviously the large contingency of plastic paddies who have irish heritage but do n't keep it up in anyway apart from saying they 're irish on saint patrick 's day . 
  just do n't make your jokes look like they 're real news . 
  yes . 
  you 're title looks nothing like anything that 's in the linked submissions title , or first paragraph or last paragraph . 
  you 've entirely projected your own opinion into the title , which is what editorialising is . 
  tbf , when wwi started , the franco prussian war as as distant as wwii was in 1995 . 
  would you have thought a war between european community states at all possible in 1995 ? 
  my guess is you 're going to say no , just like most people in 1910 would have said a land war in europe was impossible . 
  i do n't think people would use food banks if they had another choice . 
  i also think that if people needed the food they would have found out about it . 
  the wide spread reporting on the food banks really wo n't have contributed much to their rise in use, 
  even if there is a measuring dependency ( which i contest , but it 'll take forever to get to the bottom of this ) you ca n't dispute that the demand for food banks has gone up [ 200 % percent ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-27032642 ) over a year . 
  the demand should go down , not up . 
  and the problems of the nhs and house prices are due to government negligence . 
  they should deal with these crises as they come , not leave them festering for five years . 
  not to mention the problems of the nhs have been significantly worsened due to government cuts elsewhere and in the nhs itself . 
  you 're the one trying to push the discussion there , and are underhanded about it . 
  that 's the whole purpose of your leading questions . 
  you can start a shit storm when it suits you , but if people disagree you can play them off as extreme because you were just asking.questions, 
  pew did some polling on this and it turns britain is indeed much more in line with its european neighbours in terms of opinions than our siblings across the pond . 
  the uk is certainly the most american major european country , but it 's still much more european than american . 
  poll : http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/, 
  gdp has gone up . 
  but at what cost ? 
  well , greater inequality , being marginalised inside the european union , hundreds of thousands of people using food banks because they ca n't afford their own food , a huge black hole in the nhs budget , sawing house prices stopping people from owning their own houses . 
  these are just the ones i can name off the top of my head . 
  obviously they 've done good too . 
  i like that sure start ( child day care service ) has been protected , and green taxes were introduced . 
  over seas aid budget was retained , there was an av referendum and obviously there 's same sex marriage now too . 
  gdp should n't be the main determinant of whether a government does good or not . 
  the economy serves the people . 
  if the economy grows but living standards do n't , then the economic growth is pointless, 
  only you 've not actually answered anything . 
  you 're just asking leading rhetorical questions . 
  if you have something to say then say it . 
  do you think that islam should be banned ? 
  do you think that muslims should be sent away to other countries ? 
  other countries , that they were not born in and do not have the citizenship , because they are citizens of the uk . 
  is that what you think , or are you just going to keep using dog whistle words ? 
  people thought similarly in the past . 
  the concept of a land war in europe prior to 1914 was unthinkable , or even a land war between ukraine and russia because that was just `` unthinkable '' . 
  things which are unthinkable are often entirely possible unless you put something in place to actually stop it , something like the common market . 
  it does n't matter what it is traditionally , because in this election the [ polling shows that it 's clearly a toss up between labour and the lib dems ] ( http://survation.com/poll-in-nick-cleggs-sheffield-hallam-constituency-survationunite/ ) . 
  if we termed constituencies marginalised based on their history we 'd be calling all of labour 's seats safe liberal seats because 100 years ago the liberal party was.dominant there ( and btw , the liberal party does n't exist anymore ) . 
  if you want to say that you think islam should be banned then just say it . 
   tory/lib dem it 's a labour/lib dem marginal . 
  the party is being punished for being too right wing , so labour is the main challenger on most if the constituencies . 
  is that because of his policies/ideology , or because his mother is dutch and clegg is a native dutch speaker ?
