   and it 's only legal in the states for medical use , is n't it ? 
  many states have what is known as ` medical marijuana ' which is frequently and quite openly abused as just a way to get weed . 
  however , colorado and oregon have made buying marijuana for recreational , as opposed to purely medical use , legal . 
  however , whilst the dutch stance is kind of ambiguous due to marijuana being technically not legal , but decriminalised , colorado and oregon also have added ambiguity because us federal law forbids marijuana use in this way . 
  however , this law can partially be considered nulified due to the us governments inaction ( desuetude ) . 
  however , a new administration could decide to invoke this federal law at a later date . 
  in the us , not under federal law , 
   else , in my opinion , the european union will be condemned to what italy & germany experienced for centuries . 
  and if it 's not done properly , you might end up in the position spain is in now with catalonia or your own country is in now with scotland . 
  i actually think the separatist movements are part of the natural development of the eu and europe as a whole . 
  as power gets delegated up , national entities become somewhat less relevant and so regions with a strong identity see little reason to stay involved . 
  a huge lynch pin in all of the independence movements is if they would get automatic eu membership , should they become independent . 
  this is because they identify with europe , the eu and see it as an important part of their democracy . 
  as far as the bismarck example goes . 
  i still do n't buy it . 
  italy and germany needed strong figures to unite them , but switzerland did n't and is a fine and viable state . 
  the uk has also evolved without * ever * having a codified constitution ( we still do n't have any specific document which outlines the purpose and function of uk government ) . 
  iceland has managed to gain independence completely peacefully during the occupation of denmark in wwii and without any huge figure to unite them . 
  and i have n't even mentioned the countries which peacefully left the british empire and entered state hood like canada ( canada also possession no real constitution ) and australia . 
  so , for me , the bismarck thing just does n't hold true and it holds true even less today , in a world of internationalism and globalisation . 
  i think that 's an overly prescriptive idea about how such a union needs to be formed . 
  the model which worked well for the usa was a strong founding document that set out how things in this country are going to work . 
  that 's lasted for hundreds of years with very few amendments ( is it about 20 or about 40 ? 
  and most of those were in the early days of the union ) . 
  however , the international paradigms have changed and as a result you need a different approach . 
  prescriptive models of state building worked in the 18th century when there was vast amounts of land which belonged to no state and you had a large amount of people who had little national feelings ( yes i know people still identified strongly with their heritage , but not enough to actually stay there ) . 
  in such a situation it makes sense to have a strong document that says `` these are the rules . 
  if you do n't like them . 
  do n't join '' . 
  however that ca n't work any more because everyone ( apart from some african and asian tribes like those in the western sahara territory ) has somewhat strong national or international perceptions and all the land in the world ( apart from antarctica and international waters which are unclaimable by un treaty ) has already been claimed . 
  this is why any new model for state building needs to be focused on complementing the already existing national structures rather than prescribing how such already existing national structures ought to behave . 
  it 's also because of this approach that you get a seemingly ` half cooked ' effect . 
  the thing is though , that this half cooked effect is actually incredibly useful . 
  the eu only gains powers in those areas which it can administer better than member states individual . 
  the eu is an incredibly utilitarian rather than ideological instrument . 
  we wont take things to their logical conclusion just because it 's the seemingly logical thing to do . 
  we 'll only take things further as they appear useful to us , and evidently at this point , many aspects of eu integration are felt to be better dealt with by member states . 
  and finally i 'd like to point out that because of the eu 's utilitarian modus vivendi ( way of life ) means that an identity crisis is n't particularly a problem . 
  the eu is just a very large institution which can be adapted in anyway the governors of the day see to be * useful * . 
  we need not have a grand plan and a grand identity . 
  it will make itself clear as we go . 
  we need not plan out every single step of our journey . 
  we do n't even really need to know where we 're going . 
  all we need to do is be able to know exactly what is beneficial to is at each individual step and then to take that step . 
  yeah , that would hammer home a europhiles pov much better . 
  i 've never particularly been proud of europe being thin ( i could n't care less about your appearance so long as your healthy ) but i am proud of europe 's welfare system , income redistribution and equality . 
  i think the reason the number of parties are mentioned is because europeans generally prefer the european model of democracy which is lots of coalitions , proportional electoral systems , and multi party democracy . 
  the anglo-saxon version of democracy ( as found in the usa , uk , canada and australia ) is based on fptp , two party systems and strong majority governments ( even if those majority governments only have a minority of the votes ) . 
  the european model is considered preferential because it actually involves more people in the electoral process , where as in the anglo-saxon model you 'll get very adversarial politics and most people being driven to vote for one of two parties instead of getting a real choice ( like you do in multi party democracies ) . 
  however , it would probably just be simpler to say `` two party democracy '' `` multi party democracy '' or even `` electorate has to choose between the shiniest of two turds '' `` electorate gets real choice '' . 
  or something . 
  this is all how continental europeans might see it . 
  being british i 'm obviously conflicted on the issue and so am not portraying my personal opinion . 
  germany would be a federation within a confederation . 
  as i have said many times . 
  i am not saying the eu is a country . 
  i am saying that it has become so much like a country that comparing it to certain federal countries can be useful . 
  additionally , whilst no us state has implemented serious devolution of powers within itself , if a us state * did * do that , would it make you change your mind about whether the usa is a country or not ? 
  i certainly do n't think so . 
  how individual members of a federation or confederation manage themselves does not in anyway change how you classify the entity which it is a part of . 
  such changes only concern the individual state itself , and not the country or supranational entity it is part of . 
  whilst the eu does n't implement law which can be get eu citizens jailed , it does pass such legislation indirectly . 
  there are various social competences of which are mandated by the eu and passed by the european parliament which then needs to be passed again or ratified in national parliaments . 
  these laws are then enforced by national police forces and national court systems . 
  forgive me if i do n't have the best example of this . 
  i 'm no expert on eu law , but [ the eu working time directive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_time_directive ) can get employers in serious legal trouble if they do not guarantee their employees their rights to a minimum amount of days off , and ensure that they are not working too long . 
  additionally , national police forces are integrated to about the same level as individual us states ' police forces were integrated before the fbi became an effective institution in the 1920s . 
  an example of this is the european arrest warrant . 
  again , not as highly integrated as the usa today , but still definitely leaning * very * close to the level of integration that is necessary in order to be considered a country instead of a suprnational entity . 
  edit : i 'm going to reiterate this one last time . 
  i am not saying the eu is a country . 
  my position is much more nuanced than that . 
  i am saying that the european union is so much like a federal country that comparisons between the eu and the usa are useful , where as between any other supranational entity and any federal country , such a comparison would not be useful . 
  which is one of the primary reasons i put the european union in the `` supranational entities '' box rather than the `` sovereign states '' box . 
  the european has no foreign policy only a very limited foreign policy in the form of the european external action service headed by catherine ashton , and as a result of that lack of foreign policy we have no combined military structure except for nato . 
  nato 's structure being entirely independent of the eu . 
  however , the * internal * workings of the european union are extremely similar to that of a lose federation like the united states of america . 
  in that respect , the european parliament has on limited occasions intervened into `` states rights '' more than the us constitution would allow . 
  a european foreign policy and military is the only * major * thing which separates the european union from sitting in the sovereign states box instead of the supranational entities box . 
  no , that 's precisely what i am not saying . 
  i am saying that the uk and italy are two of the 28 countries who have pooled their sovereignty the most in comparison with any other sovereign state and that texas and california are regions within a sovereign state that have some of the highest levels of autonomy of any entity within any sovereign state . 
  you 'll notice that i wrote three whole paragraphs to accurately explain my position . 
  if i could have summed it up in one sentence like `` texas and california are more independent than the uk and italy '' then i would have saved myself the time and wrote that . 
  however i did n't because the position is complicated and requires many more sentences than merely one . 
  we do n't like to talk about politics at parties . 
  it 's considered rude . 
   the gdps are roughly $ 500 billion apart using the latest figures interestingly with the usa 's growth rate at 3 % and the eu 's at 0.5 % , the usa will grow by $ 500 million over the year and end up just a few million dollars in value behind the eu . 
  quick !, 
  give some new countries ascension criteria so they can join the eu and up our gdp figures !, 
  we 've got ta keep a head on this one !, 
  * usa one country where the 50 component parts ( not including territories ) have huge levels of autonomy and independence . 
  * eu 28 countries which have huge levels of integration and pooled sovereignty . 
  one is officially one country , and one is officially 28 countries . 
  however the usa grants some of the highest levels of autonomy to its component parts of any country in the world ( even including other federal states ) whilst the european union is the most integrated set of independent states in the world . 
  whilst officially both entities would tick two different boxes , they 're still incredibly similar ( well , speaking relatively and only in terms of governing structure at the highest level ) . 
  it 's like the labour party in the uk being officially `` of the left '' and the conservative party being officially `` of the right '' , however , you can get individuals in both parties who sit very close to the left-right divide . 
  so much so , that those individuals share almost exactly the same ideological outlook , despite being in ideologically opposed parties ( or ticking completely different boxes ) . 
  it 's for the reasons outlined above that making a comparison between the european union and the usa makes sense , whilst making a comparison between the north american free trade area ( nafta ) and the russian federation does n't . 
  on the other hand , it would probably also be disngenuous to compare the european union ( or even the united states to a certain extent ) with a fully unitary state like japan , because japan is definitely in the `` country '' box , but it is very much in one corner of that box whilst the usa sets at the opposite end ( in terms of governing structure ) and the eu sits in a completely different box entirely . 
  your brackets should but quotes , to indicate that that was said in the article .
