  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  so , the eu 's not looking so bad after all and the title here is heavily misleading about the treatment of homosexuals in the eu . 
  i think the thing here is the culture of a nation . 
  if a fin moves to sweden , they 'd be expected to adopt the swedish culture by learning the language and adapting to society and so forth . 
  this is what 's happened with the fins in sweden . 
  however , certain elements of swedish culture , such as the language , are part of finnish culture and so it 's expected that you learn swedish in finland because swedish is part of the finnish character and culture . 
  however , this is n't true for fins in sweden . 
  speaking finnish is not part of swedish culture and therefor finnish is not a national language in sweden , because speaking finnish is just not part of it . 
  it 's a strangr argument i know , but * all * of the philosophy surrounding nation states is incredibly arbitrary and complicated . 
  but i 'll stave off going into more detail about that ; it 's a very broad topic . 
  i think also , with the downvotes in your previous posts , you explained what you meant quite badly and , to be honest , in quite a brusk fashion . 
  when you explain things so bluntly it just ruffles a lot of feathers and makes people irritated , where as if you soften your language a bit , generally people will at least listen to you . 
  i think it 's partly due to all the trolls on the internet . 
  if you say something really brashly it 's quite easy to associate someone with the trolls , where as if someone makes the effort to explain something in a nice way , people will be receptive and see that you 're not just a troll trying to aggravate people . 
  it 's kind of pointless to use what countries people come from ( or what flag they have by their name ) to make a point of any sort . 
  people keep doing it . 
  i 'm not sure if you really are or not , but a lot of people do and it just dumbs everything down and makes it into a big stereotyping competition . 
  people form germany do n't necessarily agree with things the german state does . 
  same for croatians and britons . 
  it 's just kind of pointless . 
  well generally a lot of the cooperation is useful for a whole load of countries to be involved in , not just one or two , so a lot of different countries might as well all adopt the same thing * together * . 
  having some sort of union does n't really make sense when you 're just talking about * one * piece of cooperation between two states , but when you start talking about * multiple * pieces of cooperation between * multiple * states you start having the need for a bit of over head planning and intergovernmentalism . 
  and that level of cooperation between so many people is expensive because you have to make all the rooms to have discussions in , you have to pay for all the lawyers and the civil servants and the all the various advisers and the translators , it starts to add up . 
  however , what i 'm describing here is not the eu . 
  but this * was * the eu way back in time . 
  the thing is , european governments started cooperating so much that it became a much more important part of government than a simple cooperation tool . 
  and when a supranational organisation starts having that much power , it starts needing a bit of democracy and then suddenly you have the european commission , the european parliament and the council of ministers . 
  which costs more , but is also vital . 
  because you ca n't have some supranational entity without democracy . 
  would you like us to take away that democracy to cut the costs ? 
  or would you like us to stop cooperating on such a large scale and then have a bunch of poorly made little groups of countries cooperating with each other with different systems which are completely incompatible between the different little groups of countries and are much less effective than if they were done on an eu level . 
  and then you 'd end up with the problem of democracy anyway because all these little groups would end up cooperating so much , that they need supranational entities to help oversee them and then that suprnational entity needs democracy and then you have loads of little inneficient european unions scattered around the continent not doing as much good as one big european union . 
  yeah , two little countries by themselves can cooperate , and i encourage them to . 
  but there 's usually more benefits if they cooperate on a much larger scale and on a much larger range of issues . 
  do you know what organisation is perfect for that sort of cooperation ? 
  the european union , of course . 
  the eu has a ton of problems and i could criticise it all day for it 's poor handling of crises , it 's democratic deficit , its over paid employees , the way it wastes money , the corruption , the way it 's easily corruptible but damn , i would n't get rid of it . 
  it 's got so many faults , but it 's done a lot of good . 
   on the other hand , we are so small that even if we were to join tomorrow in this crappy state in which we are now , the rest of the eu outside of our closest neighbours would barely feel the difference . 
  i do n't think having a hugely noticeable effect is important . 
  if the effect is minor but present , it is a good effect . 
  i think the idea of bigger is better is fairly true in terms of the common market and free movement of people , ect because , well , if you have more people to sell to then every one benefits because there 's more more competition and greater potential for companies to expand more easily . 
  i 'm less sure in terms of the political side of the eu . 
  the point about trying to end war in europe is probably the best reason for pushing forward with enlargement within the balkans . 
  however , behind the common market and ending war , i ca n't think of another good reason . 
  however , do you really need another reason ? 
  ending war and getting a bigger common market is probably good enough to expand further into the balkans , right ? 
  there 's also a point in there somewhere about trying to create better democracies all throughout europe and stuff . 
  this part of the thread is getting pretty shitty ... we 're all just calling each other closed minded , then nationalists and then nazis : / this is n't really very constructive . 
  surely we can think of some solid critiques of each other 's arguments !, 
  oh oh , we could bring in data and factual information in to try and prove each other wrong !, 
  well , it 's kind of hard to co-operate if you 're by yourself . 
  ^ ^ soon, 
  do n't listen to him croatia !, 
  he just wants to leech off your success !, 
  fail miserably just to spite him !, 
  should we like , call an ambulance or something ? 
  this guy looks a little crazy . 
  i did n't know that finnish was an official language of sweden . 
  i mean , finland does have two national languages : finnish and swedish . 
  it 'd be kind of out of place if the swedish guy starting speaking finnish , or if the german guy starting speaking russian or if the french guy starting speaking punjab . 
  however , i would n't be surprised if the belgian guy said `` welcome croatia '' in both french and dutch , because belgium has more than one official languages . 
  tl : dr it 's not culturally obnoxious , it 's just that finland has two national languages and the guy in the video is respecting them both . 
  which is nice . 
  you do n't have to be a saint yourself to be able to criticise others . 
  otherwise , no one would ever be criticised . 
  furthermore , it 's not as if salvaxe is personally responsible for the press in the uk , or as if the press in the uk is the one criticising the german press . 
  it 's just a criticism of the press . 
  it does n't matter who you made the criticism ; it 's still a valid criticism . 
  oh yeah , i forgot some of those were still private : / that should definitely be fully broadcast for the world to see . 
  i have no idea how it became acceptable to have private votes , especially given that meps are supposed to be representatives of the people . 
  then perhaps people with 100,000 in the bank will be smart enough to move their money to a bank which publishes var on a regular basis ? 
  sounds like a pretty reasonable solution to me . 
  the var report should also be pretty easily obtainable . 
  so now all those european citizens can have access to what their bank 's risk levels are and deposit their money accordingly . 
  job done . 
  was n't so hard . 
  i just do n't think it 's that unimaginable that people will be able to understand what the banks are doing . 
  it 's complicated , but understandable . 
  also , if someone has 100,000 in the bank , they 'll probably be a bit knowledgable with their money . 
  at least slightly . 
  and i trust they 'd take some necessary measures to protect their money , given that they seem to be sitting on a considerable pile of it . 
  authoritarian and anti-democratic is pretty bad , even if they were n't core ingredients of fascism . 
  the full list of fascist ingredients being * nationalism * racism or racialism + cultural and/or racial superiority * belief in a strong leader ( hitler/mussolini ) who is endowed with the natural abilities to lead , which rules out most men and all women ( fascists are anti feminists and believe they are incapable of doing anything other than making babies , ect ) * conquering other , weaker nations and general war and war like activities * rejection of rationalism and replacement with romanticism ( yes , fascists openly admit to not being rational . 
  they are proud of it , even ) * anti-democratic / authoritarian that covers most of them . 
  i have no idea who this hungarian person is , but , as a politics student , i thought i 'd point out some of the key characteristics of fascism so people can decide whether he or not he is a pure fascist . 
  i do n't think we have a region in the eu which is known mainly for friendliness , like canada is . 
  this could be beautiful !, 
  what do you mean by ` each individual bulletin ' ? 
  yeah , there 's a lot of problems with what the people over in brussels have done today . 
  i do n't like the system which will be in place in 2018 , but i prefer it to the current one . 
  i do n't like that depositors have to feel the brunt for the bankers ' risks , but i prefer that people who actually used the banks face the blame rather than people who had nothing to do with it . 
  i also am sad that it 's going to take until 2018 to come into effect , but i prefer 2018 than never . 
  it 's not a science , but you do n't have to see be a scientist , physicist or engineer to see that if you build a 1,000 metre high tower without cement or mortar , the tower is going to fall down . 
  depositors wo n't all be economists , but most of them should be able enough to find out when their bank is behaving stupidly and therefor when they should not put their money there . 
   false premises , one of them being that a depositor with a million in savings has any control over the bank risk taking that 's not a false premise . 
  a bank depositor has power over how dangerously his/her bank uses his/her savings . 
  do you know how they have that control ? 
  because they can control what bank their money is deposited in . 
  i also do n't know exactly what you 're trying to say with the `` time value of money '' .
