  these three are just the most frequent offenders . 
  ireland in world war two is quite interesting . 
  they 'd only recently won their independence and still saw northern ireland as a foreign power intervening in their country , somewhat anyway . 
  the best example of irish sentiment then was that the irish military did not fight in world war two and possibly leaned more towards helping hitler than helping the allies . 
  for instance , many irish men defected to the british army and have been told never to return to ireland . 
  they 've still never been apologised to for defecting , even though it was for perhaps the best cause possible . 
   probably has something to do with the region . 
  ~ ~ jews ~ ~ * the government of israel * and ~ ~ muslims ~ ~ * the governments of many other countries in the region * are so alike in their barbaric ideology i do n't understand why they do n't get along . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah i think this should be noted . 
  the comparisons between female and male circumcision are actually quite few . 
  on males it 's mostly only a cosmetic change , but in females it basically makes enjoying sex impossible . 
  they 're similar in ways , but one is * definitely * worse than the other . 
  i think that altering the body for nothing more than tradition or visual preferences is wrong and should be stopped , even if it is not harmful . 
  however i think that it is only a cosmetic thing , where as depriving someone permanently of sexual pleasure for the same reasons is just not the same . 
  it 's more akin to gouging a baby 's eyes out at birth than it is male circumcision . 
  agreed , but it means that * both * markets are stagnating . 
  it 's not a question of a good union with a stagnating economy or a bad union with a growing economy . 
  it 's a question of a good union with a stagnating economy or a bad union * and * a stagnating economy . 
  eu has one out of two and the eurasian union has zero out of two . 
  sad and worried . 
  it would feel as though all chance of serbia and montenegro joining the european project any time in the near future would cease and quality of life in those countries could potentially go down or stagnate . 
  democratic reforms would probably lose momentum . 
  it would be an awful shame for the people who live in those countries . 
  furthermore it increase russian influence in eastern europe which would is unpleasant because it perpetuates russia 's existence in its current form . 
  that form being one which is a threat to world security by the possession of nuclear weapons ( us , uk and other nuclear weapons wielding countries are also a danger ) , persecutes minorities such as homosexuals , is heavily corrupt , exerts a lot of influence over its neighbour countries in a negative fashion . 
  i 'm not a fan of russia and think anything which speeds it towards the next revolution is a positive . 
  so it would be very nice if no european or asian country joined the euroasian union . 
  i would hope that a lot of them join the european union instead . 
   athens has around 45-55 % of the entire greek population , and the rest of greece has the other 50 % wot ? 
  that 's staggering . 
  i thought london had a rediculous proportion of the population with ~ 10 million people out of 60 million ( 20 % of national population ) . 
  but really ? 
  over half the greek population lives in one city ? 
  oh thanks , citizen of the former soviet union . 
  you really helped us out on that one . 
  could n't have done it without you . 
  wo n't hungary get a fine or other sanction from the eu if they refuse to comply with europol ? 
  i think a lot of people see canada as closer to europe than america . 
  how much closer is difficult to measure . 
  definitely , especially in certain places like the netherlands . 
  no , but edinburgh is , which was recently ranked one of the world 's top 20 universities . 
  i do n't think a lot of british students know about being able to access free education in other eu countries . 
  and the ones that do get put off by the language barrier . 
  british people 's fear of learning foreign languages is hard to over estimate . 
  i think i 'll be able to manage in a german speaking country with the level of german i have and i know that i have two more years to improve . 
  so i 'm definitely going to apply , but i whenever i mention it to my class mates they 're just like `` yeah , but * i * ca n't speak german '' as if it they just are completely incapable of ever being able to speak anything with any degree of proficiency aside from english which is just simply not true . 
  you might find it hard , but you could definitely do it . 
  i do n't think he/she intended it as a jibe at you . 
  i think he was just elaborating further and making more specific information available to those who want to read it  nothing personal, 
  to be fair it 's an awkward issue to phrase properly . 
  it 's really difficult to talk about people like roma and muslims without making yourself look at least a bit of a fool . 
  i usually end up ditching all informal language when those sorts of topics come up and start using formal , almost legal style language just because it 's so easy to be misinterpreted by people . 
  edit : just clarify , i 'm talking about people not writing things in a way which makes people misunderstand you . 
  i 'm not saying `` i 'm a racist and people get annoyed at me for being a racist '' . 
  that 's definitely not it . 
  i 'm saying that there 's always at least one * misunderstanding * every time a conversation featuring race happens . 
  click the edit button next to your name at the side of the page and you should get the option to have a whole range of flags . 
   `` and , as yet , there are no figures from northern ireland '' it 's taken years for the figures to be processed this far and they also mentioned that there 's some information on scotland that was , currently , absent . 
  it 's not surprising that this information takes a long time to process and does n't all finish at the same time . 
   `` and , as yet , there are no figures from northern ireland '' they 'll come eventually, 
  yeah i would have assumed that english people ( like myself ) would identify with british rather than english . 
  i think it comes down to what we describe ourselves as abroad . 
  i as an english person describe myself as british when abroad but scottish and welsh people ( in my experience ) keep referring to themselves as scottish and welsh . 
  however , when i 'm in my own country i 'll probably identify as english or maybe even as yorkshire/yorkish/a yorkshire-folk or probably a sheffielder . 
  i 'd probably call it plurocracy with plur meaning plurality which means `` the biggest bit '' . 
  well , virtually all the money a british student in amsterdam would have would have been earned in the uk . 
  so the netherlands are effectively getting maybe a few thousand pounds per student per year . 
  country ? 
  it was a good week , 
  not really . 
  put it this way the bnp are all for interfering in your life socially to say that you ca n't marry such and such a person or that you ca n't take a certain substance , ect . 
  but the bnp favour nationalised industry over free market capitalism and the like . 
  e.x they would probably renationalise the steel industry and the trains . 
  ukip is the mostly the opposite . 
  they favour having as little nationalised industry as possible . 
  this is where they get the reputation for being right wing , because they 're * economically * right wing . 
  so they very much like freedom from that perspective . 
  i forgot exactly where they stand on civil liberties and the social axis in general ( the being free to take what substances you like , ect ) . 
  iirc they 're in favour of removing the european convention on human rights which is the uk 's only source of enshrined rights of the individual but but i forget what they think about marijuana and gay marriage . 
  so they 're both very right wing parties , it 's just that they 're right wing in different ways . 
  ukip is extremely economically right wing where as the bnp is very economically left wing but hugely right wing in terms of social issues . 
  to be fair , you guys do get a lot of benefits from all our british students going to the netherlands for study . 
  ergo , what you got to complain about , eh ? 
  but the questions on referendums , who decides them ? 
  the uk 's only been using referendums for the past 15 or so years and even then the only things they ever ask are about constitutional issues and not social issues . 
  but the main gripe is that it 's the people in power who decide what 's on the question and they only get a minority of the vote . 
  it ; s not like we ever get asked `` do you want this government to resign '' . 
  so it 's not exactly sticking to your definition of what a democracy is , so is the uk a democracy ? 
  so you would n't include the uk and certain other countries as democracies ? 
  you know that many democratic systems often do n't have the consent of the majority . 
  the obvious example is one party gets 50.1 % of the vote but only 60 % of the population voted , meaning less than 50 % of the population voted for them and thus you have a minority . 
  however there 's also another reason many governments do n't get the consent of the majority . 
  many countries use a system of mps who reside over a constituency for their parliaments . 
  this means that each mp only needs to get 50.1 % in each constituency . 
  a win of 50.1 % or 99 % are still just a `` win '' . 
  so if one party wins 10 constituencies with 50.1 and the opposition wings 8 constituencies with a majority of 99 % in each , the opposition won in terms of the most votes but the other party got more mps and thus forms a government . 
  this has happened three times in us history with their president and every single uk government since c1950 to 2010 has been a minority government in terms of overall votes cast . 
  just thought i 'd point this out . 
  it makes you think interestingly about how necessarily government of the majority is .
