  i find it fascinating already, 
  people in the north do say ` aye ' and ` brew ' but it 's nowhere near as prevalent as in scotland proper . 
  i should know , being a northerner myself :p, 
  the change in pace about the currency is what really gets my goat . 
  why join a currency union with the uk if you * just left the uk * . 
  it does n't sound very independent ... 
  charles actually having opinions on things is a potential threat to the monarch , as is his failed married with diana . 
  however i think his opinions and the failed marriage do earn him a lot of sympathy from the population and that will see him through safely . 
  he 's seen someone who * should * be more quiet about his beliefs , but nobody can really fault him for trying given that his beliefs are things we all tend to value ( like preservation of historic architecture , the countryside and the environment ) and which can easily get neglected by government . 
  so he 's a potential danger or even crisis for the monarchy , but i doubt he 'll actually be the end of it . 
  and then if we make it to william , then the succession is pretty secure . 
  vaguely related side note : did you know that no us president has had a beard since benjamin harrison in 1894 , or 118 years ago ? 
  additional : did you know that there 's a country who 's next rule must always be bald or haired depending on whether or not the previous ruler was haired or not ( it alternates ) . 
  sadly i forget which country this is :(, 
  the australian constitutional crisis is a very interesting issue , and is actually one of the reasons i advocate for the continuation of the monarchy , until such a time as the candidates become undesirable . 
  one of the ways i see the royal family is as a sort of fail safe against a nazi germany situation . 
  anyway , the federal president of germany is more than simply a fail safe . 
  he is a political figure and he makes decisions more often than the queen . 
  if all goes well the queen and later king charles should never have to make a decision ( apart from the decision to comply with the pm ) however part of the german system requires the political consent of the president which ca n't be counted upon , where as the consent of the monarch always can be ( unless you 're hitler ) . 
  as for them both being `` ceremonial '' i think that 's more to them being ` figure heads ' in that they embody the spirit of the people and act as a representative of the people in a more spiritual way than the elected head of government ( prime minister or federal chancellor ) does . 
  the royal family supposed to show leadership to families around the country , where as the pm is supposed to be lead by the people 's wishes . 
  i think that the federal chancellor 's role is pretty similar to this , but you 'd need a german to verify it . 
  i do n't know * that * much about the president 's role . 
  the distinction between a constitutional monarch , a president who 's head of state but not of government and a prime minister or president who 's head of government is very small . 
  it 's there , but quite difficult to define . 
  it 's not circular . 
  some people believe that even if the ends are justified they should not be executed because the actions are in and of themselves wrong and therefor should not be executed . 
  that might have happened , but i think there are much better reasons for this proposal not to take place . 
  that reason being that most catholics ( and most protestants ) in northern ireland are fine , good people who do not deserve to be forced out of their country . 
  it 's discrimination by religion . 
  the fact that it is a bad idea is * not * a reason for not discussing it . 
  how do you know an idea is bad until you 've discussed it and thought it though ? 
  at first the idea of euthanasia or rehabilitation instead of punishment in the justice system sounds silly to me at first , but once i think about it more critically i realise they 're good ideas * because i thought them through * . 
  i agree . 
  and so does the government of margaret thatcher . 
  but they would n't be agreeing with you unless they 'd have thought it threw carefully , which they did do and as a result made the right decision . 
  you 're criticising me as if i 'm saying it 's a good idea . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying it 's a good idea to discuss things and think them threw . 
  are you arguing that we should n't discuss ideas and think them through ? 
  i doubt that you are and i 'd ask that you understand my position in the same way i understand yours . 
  that is , respect that i am not saying we should have had an exodus of catholics in northern ireland , but merely that everything is worth considering * as a principle * . 
  yes but the queen actually has never not acted on the advice of her prime minister . 
  the bundespr\u00e4sident has on many occasions since 1945 . 
  oh god , i know there are other london dialects/accents too , but i really hate cockney rhyming slang . 
  it * sounds * nice and everything , but my god it 's just defeating the purpose of which language was invented . 
  that reason being to facilitate communication and all rhyming slang does is change words to slightly different words meaning you have to guess what they actually mean . 
  it 's like being given a riddle instead of an answer . 
  ich habe gedacht , dass ich ungew\u00f6hnlich war :p that phrase really does throw me off to be fair . 
  it sounds like you 're asking `` where is it that stay * hypothetically * '' . 
  like , when you travel do you like to stay in a mole hill , a loft area , maybe construct a rudimentary structure of some sort ? 
  what about when you 're back home ? 
  do you non-scottish people live in the some kinds of dwellings as us ? 
  on the other hand if you said `` where are you stay * ing * '' then i 'd completely understand . 
  weird how language works like that, 
  everyone 's just jealous that their monarchy is n't as famous as ours :p, 
  sorry i meant `` commonwealth realm '' which is a term for all the countries or realms where queen elizabeth ii is head of state . 
  not the commonwealth of nations which is a sort of club for countries which used to be part of the british empire ( well , apart from mozambique and i think one other country ) and want to continue fostering relations with each other . 
  the terms are quite easily confused . 
  i hope you 'll forgive me :p, 
  something i think 's interesting about scottish english is that not only are the more specific words changed , but most of the really basic everyday words and phrases also change . 
  for in scottish english people do n't really use the word `` yes '' they use `` eye '' , as in old pirate english `` eye , m ' hearty '' . 
  also you do n't tend to say `` i 'll have/make tea/a cup of tea '' . 
  instead you 'll use the word `` brew '' . 
  whenever i 'm trying to explain the swiss dialect of german ( or occasionally the bavarian dialect of german ) to people i always use scottish english as an example . 
  that it 's definitely the same language , but if you 're not used to it you 'll probably be completely confused , at least for a while ( especially if english/german isn ; t your first language ) . 
  i disagree . 
  i think there are hypothetical situations where even genocide is worth considering . 
  i mean , for instance , a zombie apocalypse might target certain races more than others and at that point i 'd say that the world 's governments should evaluate whether a genocide of those people is necessary to protect the longevity of the rest of the human race . 
  in my opinion it 's ethical to execute an action if the ends of that action justify the means of it . 
  that is to say that , if committing genocide of a certain race ( the means ) led to the survival of humanity over a disease ( the ends ) then i would think that we should commit genocide . 
  in almost all other circumstances genocide would be a completely stupid idea , but i think that it would be na\u00efve to believe that the outcome of genocide is always inherently negative and should never * ever * be discussed as the solution to a problem . 
  i think it should be considered as a solution to problems and then immediately ruled out because in ~ 99.999999 % of situations genocide is a terrible solution to your problem , but it should be considered because maybe this will be the ~ 0.000001 % of cases where genocide is the appropriate course of action . 
  i feel the exact same way about forced exodus and segregation . 
  it 's almost always the wrong answer but this ( northern ireland c. 1980 ) is one of the situations where it might have been the appropriate course of action . 
  as it turns out it was n't quite right ( walls were errected in belfast between catholic and protestant communities which seem to have helped the problem ) . 
  i 'm glad they did n't do it . 
  i 'm very glad . 
  because it would have been overkill . 
  however i do n't think we should criticise them for considering something or weighing up the pros and cons . 
  governments have contingency plans for everything . 
  the us had and still does have plans for an invasion of canada . 
  the united states of america is , in all likelihood , * not going to invade canada * , but the plans are there just in case . 
  these plans were also made `` just in case '' . 
  it 's the way of government . 
  edit : downvote button is n't a `` disagree button '' . 
  if you think i 've behaved in an impolite way , then i 'd love to know what that is . 
  there 's absolutely no reason for the scots to pick their own monarch . 
  one of the main points that alex salmond , leader of the scottish national party , has campaigned on his that scotland would remain in a personal union with the rest of the united kingdom and commonwealth by maintaining the same royal family . 
  if salmond or any other nationalist had been campaigned that elizabeth should n't be the monarch of an independent scotland , then that nationalist would n't be saying `` we want a * different * monarch '' , they 'd be saying `` we want * no * monarch '' . 
  british nobody in the current united kingdom likes the * idea * of monarch , but most people are pretty fond of the * reality * of it . 
  scots are similar , but ( i think ) are slightly more sympathetic to republicanism than the rest of the country by-enlarge . 
  the whole argument for the continuation of the monarchy comes from conservative values about tradition , with the monarchy at the centre . 
  people generally see tradition as a good thing , unless there 's reason to believe otherwise on a specific point . 
  if you start messing with a tradition then it 's not really tradition anymore and there 's no point keeping it . 
  well all the normal reasons . 
  infringement of national sovereignty , distrust of eu institutions , skepticism of how the eurozone crisis has been handled and so on . 
  i do n't know if there are any special issues that the czechs feel passionately about with relation to the eu . 
  perhaps google will help you better than i can, 
  i 'll be happy to continue this discussion if you would actually point to one * reason * why banks ca n't work inside the european union .
