  as a result , britain developed a nuke in 1952 , instead of 1945 . 
  had this not happened , we would have had an independent nuclear deterrent , and therefor retained our independence . 
  additionally , there was nothing stopping the americans from putting their soldiers in western europe until we 'd naturally recovered enough to defend ourselves from the soviets . 
  and then leaving . 
  that would have been nice . 
  c ) there was no middle ground only because the usa and ussr grabbed up as many countries in europe as they could . 
  there 's a reason i called it the american-soviet war instead of `` the cold war '' because that 's what the war was , a war of soviets and americans . 
  finland , sweden , norway , austria and switzerland all seemed to treat a very nice and neutral line which the rest of europe could have happily followed . 
  even yugoslavia and albania remained largely neutral ( even if they were notionally communist ) . 
    the marshall plan is what really turned all of europe into economic dependence . 
   really ? 
  nothing to do with the mass destruction of factories , farmland , and human beings ? 
  it was the loans that did europe in ? 
  yes , really . 
  if you look closely you 'll see i use the word `` dependence . '', 
  now , whilst the bombs were dropping we were destroyed , but at least we were independent . 
  after the bombs stopped falling we slowly rebuilt but at the cost of becoming totally dependent on the us . 
  if i did n't know better , i would say that you were trying to discredit my argument by making cheap one shots which do n't engage with the actual points i 'm making . 
    billions of dollars worth of us loans given to european countries , primarily the uk , followed by the rest of western europe , which all had to be used to buy us products , which benefitted us industry . 
  the loans had to be spent on us goods , and not on european ones . 
   the us only has the ability to make loans in us dollars , whereas european manufacturers wanted to be paid in their local currencies . 
  had the restriction not been in place , european recipients might have sought to convert usd to pounds/francs , ect , destabilizing the usd . 
  you 'll have to forgive the us for opting not to spend money in a way that was directly harmful . 
  yes , it sounds reasonable on the face of it . 
  but again , this is not engaging with the real repercussions of loans in international relations . 
  it seems obvious that the us would issue loans in this way , and it is obvious , it 's just that it also ends up with one partner becoming totally dependent on the other . 
  there 's any number of other arrangements which could have been forged which would have been less one sided . 
  for instance , one of the things the marshall aid had to be spent on was * consumer * goods . 
  why could n't we focus on spending our aid on industrial goods to rebuild our own industry ? 
  it 's also worth noting that [ international aid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aid ) these days has no restrictions on where you have to buy the stuff from . 
  it sometimes has strings attached saying that a certain project has to be completed using the money , but not on where you buy the things to achieve the project from . 
  so i 'm somewhat skeptical as to whether the marshall plan would even be allowed these days , because it turns aid into a political tool which governments use to encourage poor [ developing ] nations to become aligned with them [ like the usa did to europe ] . 
    all while this was happening , our factories remained destroyed , and non of the consumer demand went to rebuilding our annihilated civilisations . 
   first of all , the majority of marshal fund aid was in grant form ( statistical abstract of the united states , 1954 , page 899 ) . 
  grants create demand , not divert it - if i gave an impoverished person $ 100 and said he had to spend it a certain way , that should n't decrease his consumption of other things . 
  as such , acting like the marshall plan sapped the european economic recovery by diverting consumption is absurd . 
  ok yes , of course you 're right on the economic terminology and i should n't have been so loose with my words when discussing such a heavily economic topic . 
  but you 're discrediting my argument based on semantics . 
  what i * meant * to say was that ` all while this was happening , our factories remained destroyed , and non of the consumer demand ** was converted ** into the reconstruction effort . 
  but there is a less semantic point you 've raised that needs addressing . 
  whilst we desperately needed help to rebuilt our manufacturing , america offered us consumer goods which were item-for-item cheaper than the british counter parts due to our destroyed infrastructure . 
  american products undercut us at every turn . 
  and we could n't resort the [ protectionism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protectionism ) of the past because then america would withdraw its support for industry and prolong the recovery . 
  all the while , american capacity continued to become ever more advanced whilst ours only slowly caught up , and we became more accustomed to american products . 
  the situation remains largely the same to this day . 
    living standards actually dropped in a lot of european countries due to this dependence and because we remained for so long unable to harness economic forces to rebuild , because all those funds were being syphoned off back to america . 
   you think standards of living dropped when bombs stopped falling and death camps closed ? 
  really ? 
  in britain the bombs stopped dropping well before the war had finished . 
  obviously in the rest of europe things were different , but that 's not my major history focus . 
  1944-7 living standards certainly dropped in the uk . 
    the british actually had to ration bread in 1947 , which we had n't even had to do during war time . 
   and i 'm sure that the marshall plan , which began in 1948 , played a decisive role here . 
  well for all america 's self alleged heroism in wwii and `` central role '' in the rebuilding and saving of europe , america certainly did n't seem willing to ensure that europe was doing well enough to actually have a decent quality of life . 
  america did export some food to europe , of course , but not like it did for many other products . 
  interestingly , it was mainly industries that would benefit from exporting that the us shove onto europe , with not so much attention payed as to whether europe actually needed them . 
    and america took on a huge reserve of british pound sterling , which , whenever britain behaved in a non-compliant manner , it would sell on a huge scale , causing the value of the pound to drop , like happened during the suez canal crisis . 
   which was itself another act of aid , as the uk lacked the reserves to keep it 's currency at the desired level relative to the usd . 
  the fact that aid could later be undone , as eisenhower intended , does not detract from how helpful it was . 
  i 'm not really seeing how the us having a huge pile of money that it * only ever spends when the uk does something the us does n't like * is good for the uk . 
  the americans knew what they were doing by taking on these enormous reserves , and they used it . 
  maybe it had some marginal benefit to the uk at the time , but the us has certainly been keen to hang on to every benefit it earned from that bit of altruism . 
  why hold onto this huge pile unless you plan to control someone else 's currency with it ? 
  i do n't like to make my posts personal . 
  unlike most americans i 've seen [ not thinking of any in particular ] i accept that things my country did in the past were disgusting , vile , wrong and should never be done again . 
  just because some person who sat on the hill i 'm sitting on right now was ruled by a government [ not even necessarily a democratic one ] a couple of centuries ago that decided to enslave thousands of africans , and all manner of other things . 
  likewise , i do n't think that henry viii [ hanging , drawing and quartering ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanged,_drawn_and_quartered ) people was ok . just because i live in a country old enough to have committed some pretty heinous atrocities does n't mean i 'm not in a position to move past that , try and make up for past wrongs , and advocate a better path forwards . 
  you ca n't let yourself be trapped by all the actions you as an individual or your country has taken in the past . 
  you need to be able to move forwards . 
  colonialism was wrong , just like america 's [ neo-colonialism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neocolonialism ) is also wrong . 
  probably like a mangy animal that he 'd rather put down , but does n't because it keeps the us 's pet bear ( the eu ) company . 
  ^ ( yes , i deliberately made the eu a bear because a ] bears are cool and b ] because [ assuming the us is an average sized person ] a bear would have the ability to near of its owners face if it was n't so well behaved . 
  sums up the eu quite well , given that it has a large economy [ just ] and 50 % larger population ), 
  it 's usually only a minority of people who criticise the telegraph , and that 's usually because they mistake it for the daily mail ( because its full name is the '' * daily * telegraph '' , it 's right wing and has a pseudo old fashioned style ) . 
  it 's usually quite good journalism . 
  however i 'd say the really bad telegraph journalists are worse than the really bad journalists from the other big uk broadsheets ( guardian , independent , times ) . 
  still , all of the uk broadsheets have some pretty severe shortcomings which is why i actually news periodicals , instead . 
  the private eye and the economist are particularly good , and the new statesman , international new york times and der spiegel ( but only the german language edition ) get an honourable mention . 
  the americans gave us money with strings attached that forced us into subservience for decades , and while we were keeling from that , further increased our dependence by making us a nuclear target from moscow . 
  let 's not forget that the us had stationed it b52s on uk soil so that they could flow to moscow and later replaced that with a permanent base when our independent nuclear deterrent proved unsustainable * largely because the americans refused to reciprocate the information we gave them during the manhattan project * . 
  once peace and independence had been established , ( sometime around 1950 ) we did n't need those nuclear bombers there anymore , making us a target in the soviet-american war . 
  but we could n't remove them either , because otherwise the americans would drop our currency , like they did in suez , leading to the humiliation of the british forces and the downfall of uk prime minister anthony eden . 
  or the americans would have just put up trade barriers . 
  despite the uk having one of the most radical left-wing governments in non-soviet occupied europe , we became the first place the soviets would attack in a nuclear war ( according to a private conversation between stalin and the british ambassador , 6 nukes were reserved for the total destruction of the uk ) which further forced us to follow the americans . 
  europe did n't choose to be part of the cold war . 
  it was forced on us by the americans and the soviets drawing a dividing line between us . 
  yeah , the money was nice at the time . 
  it even helped us rebuild a little * in the short term * but the americans did * everything * within their power to ensure that their short term gesture of goodwill turned into a long term relationship of servitude and dependence . 
  charging britain ( and the other allies ) would have been a bad financial move for the usa anyway . 
  britain was almost out of money at this point , and if it was n't then it certainly would be afterwards . 
  additionally , the 90 % figure you pointed out only seems to refer to equipment that was * already in europe * after the defeat of germany was pretty much certain , and even then only * some * of it . 
  that might still sound generous , but those supplies were effectively useless to the usa at that point in time anyway . 
  10 % of their `` true value '' is still more than it was worth to the americans . 
  but lend lease is n't a particularly good example . 
  america was focused on ensuring they had a platform to invade germany from at this point , and financial motives came second . 
  the marshall plan is what really turned all of europe into economic dependence . 
  billions of dollars worth of us loans given to european countries , primarily the uk , followed by the rest of western europe , which all had to be used to buy us products , which benefitted us industry . 
  the loans had to be spent on us goods , and not on european ones . 
  this meant that all of the money went back to america anyway , and benefitted their factories , increasing the wagers of their workers and allowing for a smooth transition from their war economy back to a domestic one . 
  all while this was happening , our factories remained destroyed , and non of the consumer demand went to rebuilding our annihilated civilisations .
