  it 's kind of like that other stereotype we 're so familiar with ` american exceptionalism ' whereby america just ca n't be compared to the rest of the world because it 's so diverse , so unique or whatever ( two types of pizza , woha ) . 
  obviously it 's a stupid defense of a lot of their problems just like this new cornerstone of russian policy is a stupid defense . 
  no culture or society is that unique from their neighbours and the sooner people realise that the sooner we 'll be able to solve our problems . 
  this is why i like the european union . 
  a whole continent standing up and saying `` you know what ? 
  we 're not all that different after all ! '', 
  then doing something about it . 
  we 're not different to the americans or the russians either . 
  it 's just that either they do n't think they 're like us or their governments wont let them believe it . 
  seeing as that message is so clear , could you please elaborate on what that message is and then argue with all the other people who have completely different interpretations of this `` clear '' message . 
  the message is not clear and i 'm extremely skeptical of whether there is any message at all . 
  world leaders like giving each other presents . 
  i 'm sure someone gave obama a pet donkey or something once , which he went to great effort to refuse . 
  try and divulge the `` clear '' message out of that . 
  it 's quite likely he could win too , as the party he is a member of ( the european people 's party ) is the largest party in the european parliament . 
  however , the epp has already decided that its candidate for the european commission top spot ( mr juncker ) . 
  but doubly however , there 's huge questions in the epp about the legitimacy of that decision making procedure and so on . 
  s borroso 's kind of in with a chance , kind of not . 
  did i change ? 
  i 'd just like to point out that control of timezones is mostly certainly , unequivocally * not * within any of the eu 's competencies . 
  that is to say , the eu has no so whatsoever over what time the clocks are set in anyway . 
  whether it 's your timezone or whether you have dst or when dst is . 
  it 's strictly a matter for national governments to decide and there can be no eu wide policy on it unless this power is delegated to the eu by treaty change . 
  you 'll have to convince each eu country individually to drop dst rather than impose from eu level downwards . 
  i think you conflate making sense with a lack of understanding . 
  the two are distinct . 
  i recommend learning the difference . 
  the claims vary wildly depending on whether you consider legislation which only pertains and mentions eu institutions directly , whether you include legislation the uk passes in order to bring itself up to eu quality , depending on what time frames you are using and so on . 
  the high estimate is 50 % and the low estimate is 7 % . 
  you can take the low , high or pretty much anywhere in between but if you go lower or high than that you 're basically being untruthful because there is no evidence to support estimate above 50 % or below 7 % . 
  farage claimed that '' * 70 % * of uk law is made in brussels '' which is far higher than any body else is estimating and they have provided no evidence to back it up . 
  they have no leg to stand on . 
  they are , on this matter , wrong until they provide substantiation to their claim which i doubt will come . 
  do n't forget about salmon !, 
  those three are all indicative of this new ( and in my opinion dangerous ) wave of british politics . 
  even if nigel farage does n't admire putin 's policies or him as a person , he 's still staying that the way putin operates is amorable * which it is n't * . 
  my main beef with putin is his frequent use of brinkmanship which is one of the worst possible ways to handle international relations when you 're a nuclear weapons state . 
  brinkmanship is what putin is using in the crimea and its what almost obliterated the planet during the cuban missile crisis . 
  operating in such a fashion will inevitably lead to another nuclear confrontation . 
  not admirable at all . 
  one should n't gamble the well being of your country and the planet so easily . 
  further , farage is effectively saying that disregard for international law is admirable if it achieves your ends . 
  it 's also an implicit appreciation that disregarding human rights is an admirable way to achieve your goals . 
  admiring putin as an operator and as a politician are inseparable . 
  you ca n't only choose one . 
  for all his talk of the tyranny of the eu i 'm surprise she does n't cite angela merkel or borosso as the politician he most admires . 
   the eu thought it to be of enough significance that they could use it to push these demands . 
  what 's huge a huge deal to them is relatively small , even trivia , to the eu . 
  there 's 500 million of us and only 40 million of them . 
  that 's more than ten times as many . 
  it 's a tactic which was used in virtually all of eastern europe from the end of world war two until all the government 's were aligned to the east or the west . 
  it 's also remained popular in the rest of the world since then ( though thankfully not in europe , unless you count t h e break up of yugoslavia ) . 
  however i doubt this will happen in ukraine because the berkuit have been deliberately disbanded to avoid tyrannical government , like the one svoboda just helped oust , and the military has sworn neutrality on internal matters . 
  the problem with countries where the military ousts the government or the government used it for that ends , is that they let it get that powerful in the first place . 
  ukraine has taken solid precautions against this and leaves itself open to a people 's rebellion * again1 * if it does not provide reform . 
  svoboda 's control of those ministries presents little danger because they are incapable of using them to overthrow the government and their time in office will likely only last until may when father land is likely to get a majority . 
  there 's even a lot of places in the uk where cycling is very popular , like london , oxford and cambridge . 
  biking infrastructure is very good there . 
  probably not as good as in the nordic countries or the netherlands , but still pretty good . 
  it 's also not that great outside of the few core biking cities . 
  i thought you were talking about eu membership rather than the relaxation of visa rules . 
  they 're not going to be given freedom of movement ( which comes with efta or eu membership ) and i do n't consider having loosened visa regulations to be that significant . 
  there 's plenty of countries where homosexuality is n't treated well within the eu that need to be dealt with . 
  so it would be hypocritical to make ukraine go to higher standards than certain eu states just to have visa restrictions lightened . 
  the eu has plenty more carrots to give ukraine for implementing reform . 
  we 'll use them later on , once we 've dispensed the first carrot . 
  we 're not going to be letting them anywhere near eu membership until they make at least moderate reforms , particularly in this area . 
  i would n't worry about homophobic ukrainians permeating europe . 
  svoboda is also makes up only a small proportion of the coalition government and has relatively little input . 
  after the elections may i hope to see them out of government and a fatherland majority . 
  ukraine will not be able to move forward and make progress on human rights and equality if it does not have our support . 
  if we condone homophobia in the near term we have a chance of eradicating it in ukraine in the long term . 
  if we let ukraine drift back to russia , things will stay bad for minorities in ukraine for the foreseeable future . 
  if i was in ukraine , i 'd love to have the prospect of equal rights in the long term , rather than never . 
  bisexual guy here ; i agree . 
  guy rights are important in to us and is one of the most important issues here in the west . 
  it 's the next great barrier to equality that we 're removing . 
  however there 's a lot of barriers to equality which are more important and should be solved first ( like racism ) and there are issues which are more important than equality itself ( like respect for the rule of law , and human rights ) . 
  once ukraine is stable enough to ensure it is n't going to get invaded in the immediate future , and has a stable * fully elected * government , then we can start worrying about equality and * then * we can start worrying about gay rights . 
  not before . 
  if we deal with equality and discrimination first then we 'll be throwing the baby out with the bath water . 
  a stable state needs to be established in order to protect equal rights . 
  bloody hell , why is this a gif ? 
  it put india in danger of becoming communist . 
  domino theory , where by communism would spread from state to state like a sexually transmitted disease , was still very popular in this period . 
  the closer communism 's proximity to india became , the more likely ( western leaders believed ) were india 's chances of becoming communist itself . 
  this means that china ( the world 's most populous country ) and india ( the world 's second most populous country ) would both be communist , which would spell havoc for the west . 
  exactly . 
  it 's an agreement between society and the individual . 
  both have a duty to do well to the other . 
  it 's not just the individual or just society . 
  we 've both got a duty . 
  i do n't think too in depth of an explanation of the cmc is necessary for the purposes of illustrating how dangerous it was , but i think you 're right that non of the parties acted in a vacuum . 
  the thing is , there is no definitive `` beginning '' to the conflict . 
  you could say it was one fidel castro overthrew batista in an area of the world which was decisively within the us ' sphere of influence . 
  you could say it was when the usa put an oppressive dictator in cuba . 
  you could say it was when the americans stationed nuclear weapons in turkey and greece . 
  you could say it began when the grand alliance to defeat the nazis officially broke down in 1951 when stalin refused to allow british , french and american supplies through east german territory to reach west berlin . 
  you could say it was in 1917 , when the western powers sent troops to russia to support the tsar and divert the communist , revolutionary bolsheviks . 
  you could say it was when karl marx wrote the communist manifesto or das capital .
