  most websites are crap . 
  most video games are crap . 
  are films/websites/games crap ? 
  it 's the minority in each genre which defines them and makes them worthwhile . 
  i have very little interest in the films leben ist eine baustelle and x-men origins . 
  they 're both pretty boring films in my honest opinion and if the medium only ever produced films like this it would be a pretty shitty medium . 
  however , every nine films or so there is a goodbye lenin , or a batman : begins or a little miss sunshine or ground hog day . 
  it 's these films which make the whole medium worth while . 
  and for me , whilst i find most art quite boring , self centred and not worth my time , some of it is great . 
  art works like [ this ] ( http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/why-amnesty-create-the-best-worst-images-youve-ever-seen-003 ) and [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/1f/campbells_soup_cans_moma.jpg/300px-campbells_soup_cans_moma.jpg ) and the images in the op make it all worthwhile . 
  sorry but we 've removed this because we 've got two news stories from the exact same source taking up space . 
  this is the slightly later submission of the two . 
  you 're gon na need a source . 
  delisted until further notice . 
  i think if this piece is actually more affective to people who * do * buy these brands . 
  the juxtaposition between the two images makes the consumer question what the best use of their money is . 
  for instance , if these images were done using the apple , h&m and mcvitties logos , then it would have a much stronger effect on me personally because i spend a lot of money on these products , despite non of them being particularly essential . 
  the whole point of art is n't that it is slickly produced . 
  we do n't live in a world anymore where the mona lisa is the hight of artistic brilliance . 
  art today is about being intellectually stimulating . 
  it 's all about posing questions and ideas using untraditional mediums . 
  sometimes these ideas are expressed using suboptimal skills , but they are frequently more than sufficient to be incredibly stimulating , because the ideas which underly the piece are interesting and very well expressed . 
  you ca n't say that alcoholism is the fault of the state , but you can say that we , as humans , have obligations to the help our fellow humans . 
  healthcare is provided for physical ailments and education is provided to young people , so why is help not provided to those with addictions ? 
  addiction is just a form of mental illness . 
  additionally , the economic costs of addictions on society as a whole are huge . 
  that 's an individual who could be a productive member of the work force , a family member , a friend but instead they are only a drain who is propping up crime by purchasing drugs from gangs . 
  there 's also equality arguments about how when societies are more equal all the social indicators improve , even for those at the top of society . 
  you can read about it at the equality trust . 
  so these are some very good reasons to stop hopelessness, 
  i think that it 's pretty unreasonable to create entire industries based around vanity items when there exists such extreme poverty . 
  and this is n't about some people just ` having it worse ' . 
  this is about some people through little fault of their own being entirely unable to participate in modern society , living under almost unimaginable conditions and likely being condemned to a death in the streets , unloved and alone . 
  i think that the level of care for these people provided by value added tax is insufficient . 
  it depends how you define politically active . 
  i think 7 % of the population is roughly the proportion who are members of political organisations such as political parties . 
  on the other hand 60 % of the population can and do vote . 
  so it 's bit actually as shocking as you 'd think . 
  it 's pretty normal by western standards, 
  a pitiful amount of money does n't repay a lifetime of deprivation and rejection from society . 
  yes , if you pay taxes some help does go to the poor , but does one really deserve such levels luxury when there are people who still live like this . 
  others needs come before my desires . 
  just because i make a token gesture of help does n't mean it 's ok for me to squander the rest, 
  we do n't do n't need to shout about our superiority . 
  i mean , it 's not like we need reminding that our tiny corner of a continent colonised virtually the whole world . 
  once you 've done that , you do n't need to shout to feel proud . 
  a subtle nod every once in a while is sufficient , before we lay back to enjoy our coffees and teas whilst listening to mozart in bed after having had an operation paid for by socialised medicine . 
  i know of the giants ' causeway and the needle in the middle of dublin . 
  this one passed me by, 
  i 've also never heard of it . 
  tbf , i did know it was new mexico and not just `` mexico '' but ohio was wrong , but both utah and ohio are empty western square starts where nothing of interest is , so i can be forgiven for getting that a little bit wrong . 
  edit : also , [ is of relevant ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/murricah+vs+yurope+map+skills+credit+to+polandball+i+m+not+responsible_bd9ca5_4913744.png ) . 
  d'aww . 
  it 's just because i post less these days . 
  it gets tiring setting out pro-european , anti-racist arguments after the first one thousand times . 
  i still do it occasionally though . 
  someone actually guilded me for [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33cv92/if_you_want_to_stop_migrants_crossing_the/cqju7ql ) on the refugee crisis . 
  my first proper gilding ^_^ . 
  oh , and you may like / r/mbundestag . 
  i do more arguing there now , to help practice my german . 
  we finished it ... a year ago ? 
  did we actually ever finish the ` what do you know about ... ' series ? 
  i thought it only got halfway through, 
  that needs some comas . 
  also , i wrote down a list of american and european landmarks for my own interest to see how long the list was . 
  might as well post it . 
  america : statue of liberty ( ny ) , empire state building ( ny ) , sires tower ( chicago ) , golden gate bridge ( san francisco ) , washington monument ( dc ) , capitol building , white house , niagra falls ( new england , somewhere ) , mount rush more ( dakota ? 
  ) , the holly wood sign ( the moon ) , the four state cross ( mexico/colorado/ohio / arizona ) , venice beach ( l.a. ) , liberty bell ( philly ) , that reflective onion thing also in chicago . 
  basically everything in las vagas should also count . 
  i feel as though i 'm missing some good ones :( europe : germany ; schloss neuschwanschstein , brandenburger t\u00fcr , reichstag , berliner mauer , alpen , mozart geburtshaus , bodensee , dachau , k\u00f6lner dom , france ; europena parliament ( half of it ) , place-de-la-republique , chance-\u00e1-le-ce ( no idea how to spell it , the big road ) , eiffel tower , natural history museum , the riviera , mont blonc , netherlands ; international criminal court , ann frank house , the amsterdam sign , the canals , belgium ; european parliament ( the other half ) , that crazy reflective konnex thing ( you know the one ) , italy ; coliseum , turkey ; the grand bazaar , the grand mosque , greece ; parthenon , pantheon , spain ; that as-yet-uncompleted cathedral , ireland ; the needle , giants causeway ; sweden ; bendy block of flats . 
  i feel quite embarrassed that i can name so few actual land marks . 
  i could name * a lot * of cities , but very few actual * things * in those cities . 
  like for spain i know that ibiza is a place and that people visit it , but i could n't actually tell you anything specific that 's there . 
  i also feel really bad that i ca n't say anything for switzerland , austrian and sweden despite the fact i visited those countries . 
  i obviously remember those trips really well , but i find it really hard to identify tourist attractions or landmarks ( mostly because i did n't actually visit any whilst i was there ) . 
  try doing the list for yourself . 
  you 'll be surprised how little you actually * know * about the world beyond your own country . 
  i thought i 'd be able to name loads , but this is literally everything without going into huge levels of ` oh you know that one thing ... with , like , the roof ? 
  just something worth keeping in mind , is that whilst i think there is a genuinely different * meaning * to the phrase `` i am irish/italian/german '' in america than in europe , it 's not only europeans that do n't realise there is n't a difference . 
  a frustratingly large number of irish-americans will come to ireland or other parts of the continent and believe that they are as much a part of that culture as the current inhabitants . 
  these are the people that really got a lot of europeans riled up . 
  they 're obviously not the majority , and most americans probably have the right view of things ( in that they 're part of a particular american sub culture , rather than the culture of some european country they 've likely never visited ) but the numbers that do n't understand that cause serious frustration . 
  there 's nothing more annoying than having somebody come from thousands of miles away who has effectively no connection to your country act as if they are superior to you and know more about the country that you grew up in than you do . 
  me and / u/gschizas are working on a proper bot to get that working again . 
  it 's still getting removed for being spam though . 
  it 'd probably include t the falklands . 
  the only way it would n't , would be if they started changing the constitutional make of the uk and i do n't think they want to . 
  they want to stop tax avoidance in places like the british virgin islands , the bahamas and gibraltar , but i think they would try and keep them inside the uk for this purpose . 
  and the falklands is n't even a tax heaven like the others . 
  quick , now that they 're watching northern ireland , take rockall . 
  i think it has a lot to do with the fact congressional elections are held every two years in the us , so there 's * always * a pretty significant election on the horizon . 
  there 's only about a one year breathing space in between the ascension of a new congress and the campaigning season for the next one . 
  and obviously everybody 's thinking about the presidential race the entire time too . 
  if you look at the op , it says at the bottom that the data was gathered in march 2015 . 
  so the euro-dollar exchange rate should be pretty similar . 
  sorry but we 've removed this one because there 's a story almost exactly like it on the front page already . 
  yeah , but the uk is shrinking their budget from an already extremely high level . 
  we 're in the top five worldwide or total defence expenditure and spend more than 2 % of our gdp on defence . 
  most other european countries spend less than one percent on defence . 
  we can afford to lower it .
