  for instance , teachers make up a huge proportion of the european labour force , but no mp ( or equivalent ) is going to be elected to represent teachers . 
  they are going to be elected to represent a particular reason for their country ( like sheffield hallam or rotherham ) which leads to identifiable sections within society being marginalised because pursuing a more regionalist policy is a better use of party resources . 
  this is where pressure groups step in . 
  teachers ' unions lobby the government on behalf of their identifiable section of society ( teachers ) because teachers get no particular representation , despite being an identifiable group with coherent grievances . 
  there 's no alternative mode for them to have their grievances addressed using the normal democratic apparatus . 
  it 's the same for , let 's say , stay at home dads . 
  they are an identifiable group with identifiable problems but no mp or even minister to represent them which is why there is a pressure group ready to represent them and lobby government to ensure this minority does not get ignored or stomped on . 
  pressure groups ensure the smooth running of government . 
  in our modern class and career centric world , we would be aimless without them as our democratic systems fail to adapt adequately to function properly alone . 
  they need this aid . 
  we would do much better to accept lobbying as a necessity whilst electoral reform takes place . 
  as long as our democracies our sub optimal ( which they always will be ) we will and should always have pressure groups . 
  it 's one of germany 's most expensive cities , but it seems expensive works quite well for a tech hubs , at least according to this study 's criteria . 
  here 's some comparisons of the top tech cities http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+kingdom&amp;country2=germany&amp;city1=london&amp;city2=munich http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=france&amp;country2=germany&amp;city1=paris&amp;city2=munich however , whilst the third , second and first best tech hubs are expensive , the fourth and fifth are ten per cent cheaper than munich, 
  yeah i agree , however i think it 's good that he 's actually making a positive case for the union instead of a negative one . 
  all the uk politicians will say how bad life outside the eu would be and how far we 'd fall ( losing jobs , shrinking economy ) . 
  non of them are saying words like ` improved ' ` beneficial ' ` advancing ' ` development ' . 
  they 're using words like ` shrink ' ` break ' ` undo ' ect . 
  this is really gon na back fire the next time a big eu treaty rolls around which could bring huge benefits from integration for instance through a unified foreign policy , maybe more unification in policing , or integrating new markets . 
  people will not be able to comprehend that integration is a good idea , which is why we should start ming a positive case for the union and integration now . 
  people deserve respect and to be treated properly even when they harbour , what i consider to be , reprehensible views . 
  we do n't have the death penalty in europe any more ( well , except for belarus ) because all humans deserve a certain level of decency , even if they did n't afford that decency to others . 
  they definitely deserve common decency if they did n't even make reprehensible actions but merely agreed with them . 
  however you and many others are here to counter balance each other 's opinions with argument and information . 
  this is not the case in russian media where all forms of media either self censor out of fear of duress or are actually an extension of the government and deliberately make pro government , pro putin content . 
  the press in russia has no freedom to criticise the russian government and has extremely limited freedom to praise the west in any manner . 
  i do not consider this an environment where individuals can be truly accountable for their opinions or electoral decisions . 
  in the west , we have a press which is free to be as bias as it likes and it does . 
  but we have a many papers with many different biases where truth can prevail and is out there for those who search it . 
  if you search the truth on various specific opinions in russia , there is no guarantee of ever reaching the truth ( apologies for spelling mistakes a d formatting , this was done from a mobile device ), 
  i 'm sure they are very intelligent people , i just do n't think they can make informed political decisions with the media they have and an election won in deceit is an illegitimate election . 
  uhmmm ...  reminding young people that eu membership makes foreign pornography easier to access is a useful way to promote the bloc , a conservative french mep told a newspaper on tuesday . 
  to be fair , those areas are known to be the most pro russian , have the largest population in east ukraine and have the most russian speakers , so it follows the russian forces would deploy close to them . 
  so their relative pro-russianness is ( debatably ) the reason for the protests and the reason for the military deployments , rather than the russian forces being the reason for the protests . 
  though the russians could be the source of the trouble , this is not evidence for it at all . 
  i think that 's true to a certain extent , but two factors are at play here which make me think diferently . 
  1 ) is that whilst he might be popular ( which i am skeptical of ) , he was still not legitimately voted in and therefor he can not act for the russian people , even if his actions are apparently popular . 
  2 ) i do n't want to subject russians to my harsh criticisms of their opinions given how curtailed their media is . 
  they are unable to make informed decisions whilst all of the news sources have to spin pro-kremlin bile . 
  one day , when russia has a free press and real democracy , i 'll let my opinion of russians be effected by their government , but not at the present time for many reasons . 
   all countries get the governments they deserve pol pot in south east asia ? 
  saddam in iraq ? 
  the taliban in afghanistan ? 
  mussolini in italy ? 
  did all of these countries deserve the these dictators which they got ? 
  they dictators which were sometimes brought in from outside and non of which were voted for ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not responsible for the actions of the prison i 'm kept in , just because i 'm in that prison . 
  i think firstly i would inquire as to where you 're getting the 70 % figure wrong because it sounds preposterous . 
  it 's extremely rare for a legitimate government to get above 60 % , let alone 70 % . 
  additionally , whilst actions might be somewhat popular among russians , that 's not the same as them being carried out with the authority of the russian people because they never voted for putin in a legitimate election . 
  i can support a lot of the actions my dictator does , but it does n't mean he can ever speak to the outside world and claim to legitimately represent me , because i never voted for him or his decisions . 
  you could argue that in certain circumstances , or that certain minority groups are constantly the victim of their governments , however i do n't think that 's doing the situation justice . 
  in most democratic countries the actions of the governments are the actions we voted for . 
  as much as i dislike having a tory government in the uk , they are the democratically elected government and have a lot of legitimacy when they speak for the ` british people ' . 
  and you could n't argue that everyone on the left wing or every one who votes labour is part of a those minority groups i mentioned earlier , because we 've voted in left wing and labour governments before . 
  it 's composed of a very small number of russian people . 
  i can only name one person from norway off the top of my head , and that 's anders brevik . 
  he is not representative of the norwegian people , even though he makes up a similar percentage of the norwegian population as the political elite in russia do . 
  i agree with you . 
  there 's a huge and necessary connection between citizens of a democratic state and the actions of that state 's government . 
  even in instances where democracy is mostly absent , the dictator can often be somewhat representative of the people of that culture ( but of course , sometimes that 's completely not the case and the dictator has absolutely nothing to do with the people it governs ) . 
  however , russia falls very much into the undemocratic stratosphere of cultures . 
  their foreign and domestic policy can only very loosely be associated with the people of that country . 
  the elections are too fraudulent , and the media too biased ( or rather , too biased in one direction without any bias in the others ) . 
  it 's for that reason that i think we should be effectively proportioning non or almost non of the blame on russian society by-enlarge . 
  i 'm very sympathetic towards the russian people . 
  i think they deserve a lot less of the blame for their governments ' actions than citizens of a western democracy . 
  they 're much more oppressed by their government and have a lot less input into the governance of their country than we do . 
  it 's for this reason that i consider the russian people almost as much of a victim of the russian government as i consider ukrainians , moldavians and those in the baltic states the victims of russian governance . 
  yeah that 's right , us ukers are the true progressives . 
  using military jets to bomb installations in urban areas which are filled with civilians is 90 % of the time completely out of the question . 
  however it 's not unprecedented and it 's not unprecedented on the european continent . 
  the break up of yugoslavia eventually culiminated in the bombing of belgrade , as well as other areas of serbia and bosnia-herzegovina . 
  obviously the situation is different in ukraine and i highly doubt that the kievian administration would do that because it jeopardises their long and short term objectives ( e.g. 
  retaining the eastern regions ) . 
  however , we should keep in mind that it is a possibility from both sides when we 're analysing the situation . 
  i 'd say crash is a bit of an over statement ( if , arguably the correct economic term ) . 
  the russian stock indexes have certainly declined today , as a result of the fighting , but the two russian indexes , micex and rts , have only gone down 2.5 % and 1.9 % respectively . 
  i think upwards of 2.6 % is certainly out of the ordinary , but comparable levels of change are very ordinary . 
  for instance today most of the german stock indexes reported similar losses , and one of the shanghai indexes recorded losses of 2.2 % today . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business/market_data/stockmarket/default.stm so do n't read too much into this `` crashing '' of russia stocks . 
  it 's nothing particularly special , and i highly expect russian trading tomorrow to pick up , assuming the situation does n't escalate much . 
  totally . 
  probably wants to force it all on us as well and create homobo-paedo land . 
  i mean , he 's a separatist , what other reason could there be ? 
  i think the article 's definitely got a point of view which it is expressing . 
  however , i think it generally backs itself up quite well . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a journal putting forward an opinion . 
  in fact i expect it . 
  nothing 's impartial , so the best you can do is justify what you say , which it does do . 
  they are both european . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the problem with using eurovision as an example of them being european , is that israel competes in the eurovision . 
  it 's probably a lot more to do with the fact that immigrants have a specific set of problems which affect them , but not other members of society . 
  for instance racism affects immigrants much more than any other social group in germany . 
  most immigrants will retain family elsewhere in the world , and this can affect policy decisions . 
  immigrants also tend to be somewhat more economically orientated and less focused on appeals to the past , than a more long term population . 
  so it 's not just about `` he looks like me '' it 's that immigrants are an identifiable group which identifiable voting patterns and grievances which are distinct from other groups within society . 
  therefor it is completely justified that they vote for people who share their grievances .
