  the whole balkans situation is a mess . 
  i like to thing that kosovo should be able to self govern , but then where does it stop ? 
  you ca n't let every man and his dog claim independence . 
  if i had to decide i 'd support kosovo , but it 's an uneasy support as i know the logic behind it leaves me open to hypocrisy . 
  additionally , i 'd really like to see better relations in the balkans and maybe even some sort of union like the benelux or even a reformed yugoslavia . 
  i also think that if eventually all of the balkans became part of the eu , that either the eu 's veto system would have to be reformed ( along with huge other areas of the eu ) or that they would need to share sovereignty better between themselves . 
  but fortunately , it 's non of my business so i can feel comfortable living with my hypocrisy and knowing that my opinion wont endanger any one or cause any damage . 
  i do n't know about the roi , but in the uk the problem seems to be less of a problem than for spain . 
  it 's still a problem and very worse getting angry about , but not as bad as spain or certain other european countries , specifically those with a less established history of democracy . 
  let 's answer your question with a question . 
  would you honestly * want * to go to wales , and especially * west * wales , which is even more rural ^ ( and inbred/sheepy ) than the rest of the country ? 
  would you ? 
  as an englishman , i know my answer . 
  do you have a link to this diagram ? 
  perhaps you 're right on in that generally we do n't vote for pro space politicians or give it significant priority , but i 'm not sure if it is true . 
  it might be , but it might not . 
  there 's little evidence for either point of view . 
   people are n't enthusiastic about going to space the level of excitement around the curiosity mars landing would suggest otherwise . 
  i know of and know personally a lot of people who watched it , despite it not even being the first time a machine has been sent to mars . 
  ok , it was n't like when the moon missions happened , but it was n't a million miles away !, 
  ( pun is merely a happy coincidence ), 
  yeah i do n't think any one is suggesting that space be some libertarian zone . 
  though i 'd be interested to see if any one does . 
  i suppose this does raise questions about how space would be , regulated , and by who and who would enforce it . 
  as a centrist who likes a mixture of state owned industry ( like healthcare ) and private owned industry ( like food ) i 'd like a mixture of the two in the future of space . 
  the governments will pull us through the hard dredge when it looks unprofitable and make sure we continue to develop laterally , in a broad range of areas , as they have the economic power and effectiveness to do that . 
  and private companies will power on ahead and innovate in ways a government can only dream of , but they will only do this when there is sight of profit . 
  also , corporations are prone to being servants of profit , and not of the people which is why the international community should legislate on the matter , as the space industry continues to diversify . 
  i think that if we live either governments or private industry to have space to themselves , we 'll end up with a very crappy space sector . 
  so we should have both . 
  the two work well by dividing different tasks between as mentioned before with healthcare and food . 
  space is big enough for them to easily divide tasks between them . 
  virgin galactic can do the tourism , and nasa and the esa can make sure we continue to research and look after the galaxy environmentally . 
  there 's a quote by shakespeare some where that goes vaguely like `` in times of war and hardship , it is the arts that will suffer the most '' . 
  this applies to space travel and most ` non necessity ' areas . 
  the moral of what i think that means , is that it is a bad thing to cut away at long term goals or goals which do not have tangible rewards immediately in sight just because times are hard now . 
  so i take that to mean that just because the eu and the rest of the west is going through some thing so trivial as economic trouble * now * , it does not mean we should stop planning for the future or that we should stop spending on space . 
  i 'm ** not ** proposing we spend more on space , or that space be immune from cuts , but i am proposing that we not cut the spam programmes too severely and i am saying that we should not stop planning for when times are a little better and even go so far as to prepare for when times are better . 
  the eurozone crisis and the sovereign debt crisis are real and very serious problems , and i think they 're being handled poorly and that they these problems should take priority over other things , but i also think that we should not lose perspective and that we should remember these crises will not be here forever . 
  the world we live in after might be quite different . 
  it might not even have a european union in it ( though i hope that future does n't happen ) . 
  but we should continue to prepare for what ever future awaits us and continue to craft that future in as many ways as possible : financial , political , cultural , scientific and `` other '' . 
  then the question is , should we give the government that power ? 
  that leads to the question `` should we , humans , go out into space at all ? '', 
  and the answer to that is yes , which brings us back to questions one and two and in turn makes us answer yes , to questions one and two . 
  at least that 's the logic i use . 
  you 'd be amazed how big tourism is in boring first world countries like ours . 
  [ in the top ten ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_tourism_rankings ) , only 2/3 of them are n't in europe or north america . 
  [ this list ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/eco_tou_arr-economy-tourist-arrivals ) also supports that narrative . 
  though i 'm uncertain where it 's information comes from . 
   by one key budget indicator , even greece is doing better than the united states  in fact , among the members of the oecd , only japan is deeper in deficit  not just greece and italy , but even the portugal , ireland , and spain , the other derisively styled `` piigs , '' score better better than the united state i think that displays why this indicator is not very good at determining fiscal health . 
  ok , the article does shake a stick at this point , but i do think it 's trying to make a mountain out of a mole hill . 
  the giips ( back to front ) countries have a very unique problem relating to sovereign debt and a collectivised currency . 
  one indicator will basically never give you a good idea of what is going on in an economy . 
  oh i would disagree !, 
  amsterdam is very highly revered by virtually all people i 've talked to ( both smokers and not ) . 
  my favourite holiday was to the netherlands . 
  additionally i googled up some statistics and found that the netherlands receives 10 million tourists a year , in a country with a population of only 17 million . 
  ( sorry for wikipedia links ) so , in the uk we get 30 million tourists and we have 60 million citizens . 
  that must be a relatively good figure as the uk is the 7th most visited country on the planet . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_the_uk ) . 
  the netherlands receives 10 million tourists a year and has a population of just 17 million . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_the_netherlands ) . 
  so the ratio is between tourists and citizens in the netherlands is virtually the same , but slightly better in the netherlands . 
  sure , tourism is n't the thing your economy runs on , but that 's not even the case in france , which receives the most tourists in total of any country in the world . 
  so , do n't say tourism is n't a big industry . 
  it evidently is . 
  i thought glasgow had that accolade . 
  perhaps that 's who edinburgh lost it to . 
  i mean , if any where in scotland is likely to lose its title on drugs/drinking , it 'll likely just move to some where else in scotland :p, 
  i 've never quite understood the point of detouring tourists from taking advantage of the netherlands ' drug policy . 
  i mean , tourism is a big industry in most western european countries , and drug tourism in the netherlands must bring in huge amounts of money and tax revenue . 
  why would you try and cut off that money ? 
  even in the border towns like maastricht , surely they benefit hugely ? 
  i 've never thought of denmark as a place which does any of these things , but i also do n't think about denmark very often . 
  i will try and change this . 
  edit : `` as a place as a place '', 
   `` poke the russians , poke the russian . '', 
   `` oh shit they 're coming ! '', 
   - david mitchell, 
  i would say some thing very similar , but i would word it in a very different way . 
  if you state first about the single currency , shared sovereignty , shared foreign policy objectives , and all the other stuff we do together , * then * say that `` because of the above , we should help out the greeks . 
  they 'd do the same if it is was above , for the very same reasons above '' . 
  people are usually much more receptive when it 's put like that . 
  usually people have n't realised how much we do shared in terms of tactile stuff and that 's without even mentioning culture . 
  so a `` why should we bail them out question '' turns into an opportunity to explain how europe is ` one demos ' . 
  people wo n't always be 100 % convinced , but it usually , at the very least , leaves them with some thing new to think about . 
  perhaps some thing like the eurogroups that political parties and pressure groups have would work ? 
  ^ ( basically a bunch of individual pressure groups from around europe get together to form a pan-european pressure group to lobby brussels . 
  same thing for political parties that sit in the european parliament . ), 
  i 'm not sure whether such a system could be integrated into the press , but it could maybe , work . 
  perhaps a group of european newspapers could all get together , decide what their opinions on a bunch of different pan-europe areas are ( like agriculture , eu enlargement , foreign affairs , european politicians , left/right wing , liberal/communitarian , ect ) and then come up with a little emblem which all the newspapers put on their front page to identify it as part of this group . 
  the only other option , i can think of , would be to have one central newspaper/media source and translate it into every ( european ) language , like deutsch welle does , but dw is hardly pan-european , unless by pan-european you mean pan-german . 
  well , that 's just me enjoying the thought of a more european press and the possibility of there being such a thing . 
  i take a similar line to what crasher_pt took . 
  people in europe see it as ` permanently bailing out ' greece ( or whoever ) . 
  i take the line that this is because we see nations as nations separate to our own nation . 
  the us or regions of uk see themselves more so as one collective . 
  however , feelings of pan-europeanism have been steadily increasing over the decades , and consistently . 
  this trend is likely ( though , obviously not certain ) to continue .
