  i really do n't understand why this is news worthy -- * ich verstehe ganz nicht , was hier bemerkenswert ist . 
  some might even call us , sceptical . 
  northern ireland ? 
  so , it 's term for an area which includes both serbia and croatia ? 
  there was a big story about the king of spain ( before he abdicated ) going to africa for a big hunting adventure whilst spain was plunging head first into the financial crisis . 
  it kind of made him look incredibly disconnected from ordinary people . 
  not only was he enjoying ridiculous luxury whilst his fellow spaniards floundered ridiculously high unemployment , but hunting generally seems a bit of an arseholish thing to do . 
  i eat meat , sure , but i do n't take pleasure in the killing of other animals . 
  so it 's a two pronged issue . 
  i do n't think spain is that bad , but it would be useful to hear some information about it . 
  so far all we hear is how bad corruption in spain is , but i 've not heard anything positive about it at all . 
  i had no idea that there were these special traditions for when you turn a particular age ( or turn a particular age and are unmarried ) . 
  i now feel as though my culture is somewhat deficient . 
  we only have ordinary birthdays :(, 
  a more mild version of this happened on my first time flying . 
  fortunately my inexperience meant that i did n't realise quite how unusual it was, 
  so basically , todoroslavia is another word for croatia which emphasises the supposed control of croatia by this rich individual called ivica todoric ? 
  petty corruption like this is endemic in greece . 
  one of their problems is that they do n't collect most of the taxes that they should . 
  it was part of the reform packet they 're now implementing, 
  i feel more and more like turkey 's relationship with the west has been built more on the hope that they 'll one day completely embrace western values and reforms , rather than because they are actually anywhere near embracing them . 
  like , they were given eu candidacy and nato membership , but those seem more like cold war ploys in order to keep turkey on the western aligned side of things rather than the communist side . 
  and those times have definitely past , whilst turkey 's not changed and not other has the west 's policy towards them, 
  always be that guy . 
  that guy who is willing to take the hate makes everything better for everyone . 
  more information : more good, 
  yes , and you can tell which part of the political spectrum clauzel falls on by his use of language . 
  it 's not an explanation up would use . 
  the general idea behind the flair is the same as the ukraine ones we had before , only we 're testing a different implementation . 
  the ukraine one was added because the sub was flooded with ukraine content for months . 
  people could press a button to remove those posts because the dominated the front page and excluded other relevant content . 
  i hardly think you 'd accuse us of being anti ukraine . 
  the same thing ought to happen with immigration threads now . 
  many users find the excess of those kinds of threads unfortunate and leave the sub for elsewhere . 
  this can be avoided through a tagging system . 
  it has nothing to do with the content itself , but simply due to its dominance within the subreddit . 
  unfortunately i feel as though we 've muddied the water ( and thereby it 's effectiveness ) by having it serve double duty with the comments section and somewhat for brigading warnings . 
  they should all be distinct flares . 
  so the controversial tag is there to serve all of those functions . 
  hopefully you can see the good intentions behind that ? 
  the problem is mostly that we implemented it ineffectively ( although in our defence , it was a trial which included a whole range of other flares which were largely successful ) . 
  and further in our defence , it 's not like this is any of our jobs . 
  most of us have other jobs that we spend most of our time on . 
  we 've managed to provide an improvement to the subreddit and one small element was badly implemented . 
  sounds like a success . 
  i really do n't see how this makes us sjws . 
  it 's just a tag !, 
  whatsmore , you 're choosing to take a deliberately conspiratorial view of it . 
  sure , you can see us as creepy pseudo illuminati who are out to get you , or you could just view us as a group of random people who are helping run a subreddit and do n't really mind much what 's discussed in it . 
  it 's up to you , bearing in mind that 90 % of what you read about us will be wild speculation and we only rarely have the time to come out and discuss what we 're actually doing ( like right now ) . 
  anyway , i 've done enough of this for today . 
  time to sleep, 
  did you not read the memo that was sent around to us all ? 
  apparently we 're supposed to be in favour of islamic state and support them in their effort to build a world wide caliphate , but we 're still supposed to be raving homosexuals , as opposed to transgender , which is what we were last month . 
  i wonder what we 'll be next month, 
   it 's clearly the mod team 's opinion , and will probably ( certainly ) refer to posts or discussions which are against the progressive/liberal view . 
  i do n't know how people justify the idea that we 're all progressive liberals . 
  the mod teams political views are really varied , and there 's roughly an equal number who are left and right wing . 
  i mean , if we were really all progressive sjws ( although i hate the word sjw because it 's just used to straw-man all the time ) then do n't you think we would have done something about all of the anti-immigration comments , commenters and submissions ? 
  / r/europe is now regularly cited as one of the right of centre or right wing subreddit and a lot of users who could be described as sjws have left for that reason . 
  if we were sjws , why have n't we cracked down on it ? 
  every reform we 've made to the subreddit has simultaneously had the effect of improving its functionality , whilst being accused of somehow distorting free speech in order to serve some strange \u00fcber-progressive beliefs that we do n't actually have . 
  all of the evidence suggests that we 're only interested in facilitating honest and open discussion about europe as best we can , but people , for whatever reasons , do n't seem to realise that . 
  -- the only reason we added this feature was because some members of the mod team thought it might be useful . 
  we added a whole bunch of flairs all at once to see how they work , and the others have fitted in perfect . 
  one of them is unpopular . 
  we 'll trial it a little bit longer ( it 's only been implemented for about a day so far ) . 
  if it still does n't prove useful , then we 'll remove it . 
  quite obviously we 're trying to covertly use our illuminati mind tricks on you all to reinforce our progressive , left wing , pro-palestine , feminist , fascist beliefs ( or whatever other vague and baseless accusation people would like to throw at us ) . 
  i think the point is to draw attention to the hypocritical motivation behind the previous march , rather than being against gay rights . 
  some people will always use it incorrectly . 
  but that does n't mean you should, 
  [ test ] ( #main ) [ d\u00fcrp ] ( #alt ), 
  i just wan na say that i do n't get why y' all are down voted this comment . 
  the vote buttons are not `` i agree/disagree '' buttons but are a way of promoting useful , constructive content that should be seen and relegating content which is n't useful . 
  this comment is literally explaining what the purpose of the button is . 
  it should be at the top of the page , but instead the comment `` i have no idea . '', 
  is at the top . 
  how is this helpful ? 
  why should that comment be seen more than this one , this comment which actually directly answers the question you all came here to see answered . 
  tl ; dr : use the vote buttons properly . 
  it 's on that side deliberately . 
  we have a bunch of flairs for things like opinion , reportage , series and slice-of-life . 
  they go on the right hand side because they 're not very important . 
  then there 's a series of important flairs which we want to make sure people see before they go into the comments section , like the editorialised flair . 
  the controversial flair goes into this category because it 's a piece of information we feel is very important to know , and should n't be overlooked . 
  it 'd be pretty creepy if it was n't staged though . 
  just picture the random guy taking a photo of you as you kiss your partner passionately . 
  but then i suppose it serves you right for doing it in public, 
  mhmm . 
  eu countries are n't allowed to discriminate between different eu citizens . 
  they do sometimes make benefits conditional on residence in the country for a certain amount of time , which has a similar effect , but that does n't have any impact in most situations . 
  means you can go to any university in the eu and be treated like a native . 
  interestingly , i wonder if the city of london would have been such a popular destination for banks without the eu ? 
  maybe nigel would n't have become a banker without it !, 
  pretty sure that 's not conditional on eu membership . 
   how often does n't the party you explicitly want to vote against ends up being a coalition partner of the party you did vote for , well i live in the uk , where there 've only been two coalitions in the last 60 years . 
  so , not very often . 
  but still , in the most recent uk election ( which , for all intense and purposes , was fought as if it was a multi-party election , like in most european countries ) a lot of people did specifically rule out certain coalition partners ( lib dems ruled out greens , snp and plaid , labour and conservative ruled out each other , and everybody ruled out ukip ) . 
  and i do believe them .
