  but it 's funny and die welt is too hard to read ) . 
  it 's been the centre piece of their website for ages now . 
  i 've lost count . 
  so i 'm not particularly interested . 
  seeing as it 's topical in germany at least , i might flick onto it to find out the score . 
  but that 's it . 
  i see . 
  so it 's not more of a `` decent newspaper , but be careful '' typed thing . 
  as opposed to a `` take everything you read here with a large dose of skepticism '' which is how i would read the mail . 
  on the ` what 's the news from your region of europe ? ', 
  thread ( tomorrow ) i 'll ask people to say what the most politically bias newspapers are for each region . 
  i 've never noticed the russia today gets a special thing next to it . 
  as some one who 's grown up hearing about prince philips various `` comments '' which go from the borderline racist to the outright racist , i and no one else has ever really been sure how serious he is . 
  i mean , personally do n't think he 's being that serious , but i do n't know . 
  i might start making a list of dailymail esc papers and media outlets for europe . 
  whenever dailymail gets posted in here i know to take it with a huge grain of salt , however when a european source is saying something ( i do come here for european news after all ) i genuinely do n't know how seriously to take it . 
  you ca n't try and display where languages are spoking using a map . 
  it just does n't work . 
  there are many maps of europe where people have tried , and they are seldom ever the same because it 's impossible to map them . 
  people would be better off not even trying . 
  i love prince philip, 
  bilingual with english . 
  this map only counts english . 
  from what i gather france does n't father english like other places such as scandinavia and germany do . 
  the eu has 27 and soon to be 28 different members . 
  each one has a different immigration policy . 
  their policies vary greatly . 
  you 're very unlikely to get a coherent answer here , but instead 28 different answers . 
  because he 's doing what his gut tells him is right . 
  because hardly any teacher in the country agrees with his reforms . 
  he 's not consulted teachers any teachers on this and his reforms go against several very powerful investigations into how teaching works . 
  edit : the amount of information gove uses to make his education reforms is probably equal to the amount of information the eu used to make up this proposal for olive oil jugs . 
  i 'd like the national governments to do that to ( i 'm looking at you , mr gove ) but at least national governments * have * to listen to their people . 
  the eu is , hopefully , listening to people . 
  deutschland hat bereits gefallen  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b6/knowledge_of_english_eu_map.svg eine h\u00e4lfte der deutschen englische sprechen . 
   ;d muhahahaha ^ ( * subtly speaking german to avoid looking like a hypocrite , that wants europe to all speak his language despite making no effort to learn theirs ), 
  keep in mind that a lot of what gets reported about the eu is total bullshit . 
  some of it is true , but perhaps equal amounts of it is n't . 
  for instance i know off the top of my head that the cucumber/banana thing has almost no truth to it . 
  it vaguely fits into the way eu countries classify different qualities of fruit , but that 's it . 
  i do n't keep a catalog of every single euromyth on me , but i would be very surprised if nothing else you mentioned turned out to be false . 
  we 're not close enough yet . 
  there 's still too much stress . 
  when japan falls , things will truly be falling into palce ^ ^ muhahahaa ^ ^ * smokes * ^ ^ * cigar *, 
  yes . 
  not all food , but sometimes . 
  sounds a bit strong to me . 
  the kind of future for english i envisage is one where every one in europe learns it and it is an official language in every eu country , however i do n't see it necessarily surpassing the national languages of eu member states . 
  european countries can keep their normal languages . 
  germans can keep speaking german . 
  the france can keep speaking french , but eventually i see them all being able to speak english to a good standard also . 
  not necessarily a better standard or even comparable standard to their national language , but they will be able to easily converse in english without too much difficulty . 
  given how much contact people need with a language to be a reasonable level with it , that 's all i hope for . 
  i think this situation is already pretty similar in scandinavia and the netherlands . 
  9 times out of ten when you speak to some one in these places , they 'll happily reply to in english if you asked them in english . 
  some times it 's heavily accented and a little slow , but it 's that 's still impressive . 
  if that could be the case all over europe , where a native russian speaker , a native french speaker a native irish speaker and a native turkish speaker could all have a conversation together in their heavily accented version of european english , that would be amazing . 
  if that moment happens , it would just be an impressive moment for europe . 
  another step towards english being the official language of europe ^ ( soon ), 
  ok , this is a bot too far we do n't need this . 
  this is quite encouraging . 
  it 's an example of the eu actually listening to the people it governs and altering its policies based on the opinions of the people . 
  this is excellent and i hope it sets precedent for the future , a future filled with the eu listening to its people . 
  really looks like op is clutching at straws to make some of these drawings . 
   no offence but who called the pc police ? 
  it 's not like i 'm causing harm to these `` people '' . 
  we 've got this down to a science . 
  maximum hatred in the fewest number of words . 
  follow this one step plan to make yourself look like an absolute dick head : put words in quotation marks * she said i `` raped '' her . 
  * they have a distinct `` culture '' * yeah , the media is saying he attacked the `` police '' * these `` people '' are horrible * ethnic minorities are `` people '', 
  what i 'm curious about is whether the scale is the same . 
  the england riots reached virtually every big city in england , except for a few ( sheffield got away clean , because we 're just nice people . 
  yay ) . 
  from what i understand , this seems to be a pretty isolated riot . 
  could a swede get back step in and tell me about the scale of this ? 
  is it literally just that one city . 
   there is nothing the uk can do about it well , that 's going a bit far . 
  all these territories are self governing , but to say they 're truly independent or have nothing to do with the uk is just wrong . 
  [ cgpgrey 's video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ), 
  any one care to translate ? 
  at least you know it and your honest, 
   * they will always keep their own culture . 
   * successfully integrating into any society . 
  a small minority of them do make up your mind !, 
  i think we should have quite a few questions on multiculturalism to help make sure we 're getting a more accurate picture . 
  i mean , a lot of terms like racism , xenophobia , multiculturalism , ect get frequently misused so a question like `` how racist do you feel / r/europe is '' might be interpreted differently by different people because some people would include bigotry towards islam as racist and some not . 
  specific questions about islam , and gypsies might be more telling as well as more general ones . 
  those sorts of questions would be interesting , but i 'd also like the more typical european ones to take prominence like `` do you define yourself as european '' `` did you vote in the european elections ? '', 
  `` what 's your opinion of the eu '' `` what 's your opinion on the future of the eu '' . 
  that type of stuff . 
  as a briton myself , this is correct . 
  standard policemen in the uk are not armed and generally do n't have to deal with super dangerous stuff like knives and guns . 
  from what the police would have known at the time , these guys had the ability to put down an entire army officer and then dismember him right there . 
  i forget whether the british police have tazers or not , but whether the police do or do not , they would have called for an armed response unit . 
  you know , with guns and stuff . 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  the police would have needed to wait for an armed unit to arrive . 
  definitely comprehensible , but i would n't call it good . 
  it was somewhere between fluent and intermediate . 
  there were pauses in odd places and he sometimes had to ask the translator/german teacher ( who was there for the non english speaking germans ) for a specific word like unabh\u00e4ngig / independent .
