  i have n't checked but they 're probably going to lose all of their meps this year , however i it 's still terrifying that they ever got even two meps and we should be very careful to ensure that they are totally destroyed this time around and thus stop receiving european party funding . 
  quite right . 
  fidel castro 's brother is actually raul castro . 
  raul castro and che guevara were involved to similar levels , so i 'm sure you can understand my grabbing of the wrong name . 
  i 've editted the comment to ensure it 's not spreading a mistruth . 
  hmm i know this phrase gets thrown around a lot , especially on reddit , but as someone who 's studiying this subject and is sitting an exam in it ; ` be careful of getting all of your information from the same source ' . 
  i think the cold war is one of those periods of history where the debate over what happened is * particularly * polarised . 
  this is partly due to one entire perspective being almost completely blank . 
  the soviets did n't minute meetings like western democracies did , so even after it collapsed , historians had to make educated guesses as to what was happening based on fragments of evidence . 
  i could place the blame for any big event in cold war history on any of four things using almost identical evidence . 
  for instance , i could * blame the cuban missile crisis on kennedy 's and formerly eisenhower 's aggressive behaviour , and khrushchev ( leader of the ussr ) only intervened to protect a tiny little ally . 
  * or i could interpret khrushchev as jumping on any opportunity to put missiles near the united states and castro merely happened to be there . 
  * or even place the blame entirely on castro , by forcing the great powers to fight against each other and securing his own position ( we know that his * political ally * , che guevara , was n't particularly scared of nuclear war ) . 
  * or you could argue a nuanced post-revisnionist perspective which places the blame on both sides equally ( there 's all sorts of different post-revionist interpretations ) . 
  these four interpretations of one event are actively argued even today , and all have a lot of legitimacy . 
  additionally , the interpretation of the cold war is deeply effected by current events , more so than most fields of history because of how relatively near all of the cold war is . 
  interpretations of the usa 's roll 1945-65 shifted from largely positive pre vietnam to largely negative after vietnam reached its apex . 
  likewise , russia 's roll in eastern europe and the caucasus , particularly now that ukraine is flaring up , will lead to a shift in the interpretations of the ussr 's roll in the cold war to largely negative because historians will be inspired by current events and their similarities with those in the past . 
  do n't let this stop you watching the documentary . 
  i 'm sure it 's a great documentary , but just remember that it will be giving its own interpretation of the cold war , and that its interpretation is almost certainly the subject of fierce historical debate . 
  but we whinge about different , entirely appropriate , things . 
  additionally , i know it 's obvious , but the usa did declare war on one of germany 's allies . 
  sure , that did n't mean they had to declare war and its worth noting that whilst japan and germany were allies , they did n't cooperate that much . 
  however , an ally is an ally . 
  out of all the decisions nazi germany made , declaring war on the usa is probably the most understandable . 
  for context , a report by the [ hansard society ] ( http://www.hansardsociety.org.uk/research/democratic-reform/accountability-and-transparency/ ) estimated that , in 2008 , there were 14,000 full time lobbyists in london lobbying the uk government . 
  when you keep in mind that brussels is not only the seat of the european commission , ( for most of the year ) the european parliament but of the belgium central government as well ( plus regional belgian governments ) . 
  i do n't know about other people , but it seems that the number of lobbyists is pretty proportional to its influence and therefor about as dangerous as in any other seat of power . 
  normal anti-corruption measures should be enough . 
  thanks much   it would be in german though i 'm mostly watching to practice for my german exam on the 20th, 
  * that makes much more sense !, 
  so it 's `` appeal to angela merkel '' in the sense of ` appeal to her to protection families et cetera ' rather than ` appeal/vote for merkel and these things will be protected ' . 
  well , if merkel 's not doing it , good thing putin 's fighting for what 's right . 
  anybody got a link ? 
  we do n't get zdf or orf in the uk . 
   ` for the support of children , the family and christian values/roots of germany - appeal to angela merkel , the german bundestag and ^ google ^ adverts ' ( the cdu/csd [ ? ] ), 
  that 's a really word looking advert from the cdu/merkel . 
  i thought they were usually much more trendy looking , and did n't push the christianity message that hard but this has the giant stylised christian cross . 
  very strange . 
  nb : i got some advert from google , advertising google 's advertising services . 
  but i 'm not from germany . 
  i think having a good education system and a well educated population is completely different to having a population which is aware . 
  just to elaborate a bit more ; state schools tend to be very good at the hard sciences whilst private and public schools tend to do very well and social sciences and hard sciences . 
  however , what they all fail monumentally to do , is teach things like life skills and and citizenship . 
  there does exist a citizenship class which explains different kinds of values and how the political process works , but nobody was willing to remove anything in school time tables in order to fit citizenship classes in and therefor it just did n't fit and is hardly taught . 
  re is similar , even though its implementation is n't quite as egregious . 
  re is focused , to the detriment of everything else , at christianity . 
  you can choose to do islam * et al * in your exam , but for a whole variety of reasons everybody always fails . 
  people leave schools having been taught next to nothing about the society they live in , and next to nothing about their political system or the political debates which are taking place . 
  they could recite to you the molecular structor of various atoms and how to work out the area of a right angled triangle , which is all , admittedly , more useful than one might imagine , but still leaves something to be desired . 
   uk 's universities are rather dominating when it comes to europe . 
  they rather dominate when it comes to the world :p seriously if you look at university league tables british universities are neck and neck with all the american whens , despite there being a billion more on the american lists . 
  and , either oxford or cambridge has a very good claim to being the best university in the world ( as does some us ones ) . 
  british universities are n't just good locally , they 're world class . 
  anyway , this is absolutely no reason not to be complacent . 
  we should be improving our secondary and primary education to match . 
  that does n't really seem to be the case on the map . 
  there 's only so many eu citizens who are willing to take advantage of freedom of labour and they tend to distribute themselves over the continent pretty evenly . 
  there just are n't enough potential migrants to have such a huge impact on the uk or french population . 
  it is still strange though . 
  how many people do you think respond to all those rich nigerian princes ? 
  not many and certainly not an amount so large it 's representative of any population . 
  it only takes a very small number of people buying a very expensive product to make it worthwhile additionally , your area might not be representative of the whole of europe . 
  the best bits of scottish history iirc tend to be a bit further back than for a lot of other european countries, 
  i do n't think we do . 
  maybe you did that as a child , but i do n't know about else who did and i never make particular mention of much history pre-1500 . 
  the normans and the romans are interesting , but i do n't know anybody that associates with them, 
  i said that american cities are all more similar to each other than cities not part of america . 
  this is the same for canada . 
  canadian cities are all more similar to each other than the are to cities not on canada ( like cities in the usa or europe ) , just like in the usa . 
  people often underestimate the diversity in other places and magnify diversity in their own . 
  if you started talking to me about a holiday you spent in cardiff , london or cornwall i would somewhat feel like these places have little if anything to my experience of my country ( i live in sheffield in north england ) however you , as an outsider , can see that sheffield is actually very similar to london , cardiff , e.g. 
  al because you can see a lot of the similarities i ignore . 
  i just take for granted that you drink tea , do n't make eye contact on people transpprt , never discuss politics with strangers , enjoyed the london olympics and the nhs , but someone outside does not take them for granted and can see them as the similarities they are . 
  i and many others can view the us from the outside and make a judgement that it is more homogenous than a lot of americans give it credit for . 
  we can see there is real diversity too , but not to the levels that americans normally claim, 
  damn anti-semitic jews !, 
  they 're the worst !, 
   no american claims to be a french citizen or a scottish citizen they might not use it to say they have citizenship , but there 's certainly a lot of them who 'll use it to say they have a right to the culture just like someone who does have citizenship . 
   so i feel very strongly about americans claiming heritage . 
  could you maybe articulate what those feelings are ? 
   admittedly , the gesture might be a bit misplaced , and i can definitely see how it might get tiring if you hear it all the time . 
  but i ca n't really wrap my head around the hostility you run into sometimes . 
  if i was in europe and someone told me that they were american because their grandfather lived in america , i 'd be pretty ok with it . 
  kind of confused because the interaction is the compete oppose from usual , but not offended . 
  i think europeans are a little but defensive about their own cultures these days , but i think that we 're very justified in doing so . 
  american culture , products and so on have spread a lot through globalisation , so much so that a lot of media created in , say , england for example , can end up having a lot of american cultural slants , despite not being from or for america . 
  it 'll usually still be a good product , but you ca n't help but feel vaguely marginalised . 
  you ca n't help but feel that largely the things which your culture values and you value are being ignored in favour of some sort of vague internationalism . 
  admittedly , our cultures are not under threat . 
  british culture , english , scottish and welsh cultures are not going to die out any time soon . 
  so we do n't really mind all of the american stuff seeping into our culture even if we do n't really like it . 
  hey , we often get some great tv from it , like breaking bad ( and i hope you get some good tv from us in return . . ) . 
  however , when an american then comes over to a country that he has no connection to apart from a few relatives having lived there several centuries ago and then claims some sort of ownership of your entire culture whilst simultaneously understanding nothing about that culture it can touch on a nerve which has already been vaguely pressed for decades and it 's not something a lot of people are willing to politely let be pushed further . 
  when i 'm arguing with a lancastrian about the wars of the roses and how yorkshire ( where i come from ) is so totally better because king henry vii won the war , and that our tea is better et cetera , i would n't be very happy if an american pulled up a chair and expected to be treated as an equal in that conversation because he had a relative once who was from lancashire and is therefor just as much legitimacy to talk about the subject as someone who 's lived it their entire lives . 
  it 's very admittedly a very narrow cross section of americans who would do this , but i think that this nerve in a lot of europeans is harder pressed than people realise and can be inflamed by only a very limited number of people touching it . 
  i 'm not sure if this will-be/was insightful to anybody and it might just be me extrapolating how i feel and projecting it onto people around me , but i feel as though it 's somewhat representative and hope it 's of some use to somebody in understanding . 
  you do n't need your own language to have your own culture . 
  i think you 'd have a hard time convincing anybody that british culture is just part of american culture , even if you could argue they 're similar cultures . 
   people in europe i would n't say it quite like that .
