  the point is just that she 's come here to talk about that so she probably wo n't be want to talk much about general green policy or the leadership , and thus wo n't give very good answers on it . 
  i do n't feel qualified to answer brag question . 
  ^ ( the horse sized duck would lose . 
  it 's legs would break under its own weight ) . 
  you can ask anything , but if you ask a doctor about astrophysics or an astrophysicist about medicine , do n't be surprised when the answer is n't super insightful . 
  likewise , when someone comes to answer questions about the eu referendum , do n't be surprised that their answers about duck sized horses are n't the best . 
  i think what may be a more accurate distinction is ` establishment ' vs. non-establishment . 
  the german spd , cdu , fdp ( and maybe to a certain extent the greens ) are all ` establishment ' parties insofar as they have been part of governments at various points in time and could conceivably be in government again in the near future . 
  what 's more , their policies are generally accepted and have been partially instituted into government policy . 
  other uk examples include the conservatives , labour and lib dems as they have all plaid roles in government and their policy platforms ( well , maybe not corbyn 's ... ) are in line with main stream discourse . 
  die linke , on the other hand , is much more of an outlier . 
  they have not been in government in the federal republic of germany * ever * unless you count the state governments . 
  in the uk , the greens , ukip and plaid cymru all occupy a similar non-establishment message due to them never taking part in government at a serious level and their policies being broadly rejected by main stream discourse ( the snp are an interesting exception to this , as they have run the scottish government for many years now and have succeeded in getting the central government to accept their policies , such as devo max and having a referendum ) . 
  iirc one is the son of the other and their political beliefs are almost identical , and their names are almost identical . 
  it 's easy to get them mixed up from time to time , 
  well , i think it 's hard to determine . 
  if you mean the membership of the republican party , then you 're probably right . 
  i mean , the membership elected trump so ergo they must be in line with him and his policies . 
  but i think the majority of the republican establishment and those who * vote * republican ( but are n't necessarily members ) is much more moderate and in line with the platforms of rand paul , kassich and the republican ex-presidents like romney , gwb and gb . 
  eh , i do n't think so . 
  ~ ~ rand paul ~ ~ paul ryan , the current republican speaker of the house of representatives ( i.e. 
  the highest elected office of any republican in the country ) is just your typical libertarian . 
  even though he 's an extreme libertarian , he 's not a populist and he 's not a racist . 
  kassich , who was basically the `` other '' republican that was competing against trump and cruz , is always way more moderate than hofer is . 
  last time i checked , he does n't believe in chemtrails . 
  cruz and trump on the other hand ... yeah , they make hofer look normal by comparison . 
  seen from the inside , it actually looks exactly the same . 
  cameron has been a terrible figurehead, 
  if you watched the video at the bottom of the explanatory article , he does go on to explain that politics is n't science . 
  there 's no objective measures you can use . 
  it sort of has to be based on just an expert 's opinion . 
  it 's subject but true . 
  as someone who studies political analysis at university , i have to agree . 
  political science is n't a real science . 
  apart from i just did compare the situation and they actually look quite similar . 
  if the comparisons i have offered are not enough , here is a more direct comparison . 
  * constitutional arrangement whereby directly elected president ( head of state ) chooses the chancellor ( head of govt . ), 
  from the parliament : check * populist candidate who blames the country 's problems on immigrants and minority groups within the country : check * crisis arising out of the failure of the incumbent political establishment to effectively deal with the country 's problems ( be that the spd 's refusal to partake in government during weimar germany , or the sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp 's refusal to acknowledge their own corruption ) : check . 
  * shift of working class voters from social democratic parties ( spd/sp \u00d6 ) to populist , xenophobic and right wing parties ( nsdap/fp \u00d6 ) : check . 
  * actual cause of the crisis lying in a huge financial melt-down just under a decade previously ( be that the great depression/wall street crash starting in 1928 or the so called ` great recession ' starting in 2008 ) : check . 
   hitler lost the presidential election of 1932 the heck ? 
  the presidential elections have almost nothing to do with hitler 's machtergreifung . 
  what matters with the rise of hitler is [ the parliamentary elections of november 1932 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932 ) where the nsdap were the largest party . 
  you also miss something out . 
   he achieved his goals , when he was appointed chancellor on 30 january 1933 . 
  appointed ... by the directly elected president . 
  it 's interesting , because hofer 's role , were he to become president , would be similar to the role of president under the weimar german constitution , insofar as it would be his job to select the chancellor from the parliament . 
  do you not see why this is terrifying ? 
  he was . 
  if memory served the nsdap got approximately 33 % of the vote and was nominated as chancellor by the elected president . 
  then , after the reichstagsbrand where van der luppe allegedly set fire to the parliament building , the elected parliament passed the erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz which effectively abolished parliament , placing legislative power in the chancellor 's hands . 
  notice how quickly i wrote this ? 
  that 's because i did it from memory without needing to look it up . 
  this demonstrates that hitler had wide ranging support , even if his party did not have an absolute majority in the reichstag ( no party had an absolute majority in the reichstag or had done in the whole period of weimar germany , except maybe the spd-kpd before the split ) . 
  if hitler could achieve that with only 33 % vote for his party , what hofer and the fp\u00d6 could do with  50 % of the vote does n't bear thinking about . 
  edit : also , please make clear that you edited your original comment . 
  at first , your comment stopped at `` please read up on that . '', 
  no one 's saying the result should n't be accepted . 
  part of democracy is that you have the right and the obligation to criticise the result . 
  as well you should . 
  hitler was democratically elected . 
  that 's interesting . 
  do you have a source for it ? 
  i 'd like to know more . 
  what does worry me though , is how do you hunt * only * the old bison ? 
  a 10 year old female and a 12 year old female look pretty similar and hunting ( at least from what i understand of fox and phesant hunting in the uk ) is pretty chaotic . 
  i just do n't see how you could legalise and facilitate recreational or commercial bison hunting in such a way so that it is environmentally aware . 
  maybe if the government specifically hires rangers whose job it is to manage the herds then maybe it could work , but not if there 's any element of recreation or commercialisation . 
  it 's biased because he made it seem like we have shared more sovereignty with the eu than we actually have , and then also because he framed the referendum at the end of the video as an argument for ` is ceding all this sovereignty to the eu worth it ' which is an inherently bad way of phrasing the referendum . 
  i wrote some bullet points in another comment on / r/ukpolitics for why i think all this :  i dislike the way he narrowed down the decision at the end to ` has giving away our sovereignty been worth it ? ' . 
  i think that 's an oversimplification of the question and an unfair framing of the debate . 
   i think a better way of framing the debate would be `` where should sovereignty lay '' . 
  my answer to that is that it should be shared at the best level to deal with whatever problem you happen to be dealing with . 
  so climate change and economic and defence policy should be handled at an eu level , whist culture and education should be mostly handled at a nation state level with transport and maybe housing at a local level . 
  like it is under the current arrangement . 
   i was also very disappointed with paxman 's neglect to address the pro-eu 's view of the ` democratic deficit ' head on . 
  the speakers he chose and the questions he asked them on camera naturally led to the view that eu is in fact undemocratic , but he left out a lot of really important things :  * he did n't emphasise enough that the eu parliament confirms/appoints the eu commission following eu-wide elections . 
  so that obviously gives the eu parliament a lot more power than paxman makes clear in the documentary  * he did n't point out that the eu parliament can force the european commission to resign , as it did with the santer commission in 1999 . 
   * he did n't point out that ( as part of cameron 's agreement ) the various national parliaments of the eu ( westminster , paris , berlin , etc ) can now block eu legislation in the same way the german bundesrat can and how the american senate could pre circa 1950  * on the sovereignty point , he never made clear that the eu can only rule on competencies which ** member states have already relinquished ** . 
  so the european commission , parliament and court of justice ca n't do anything about education , for instance , because we never signed up to any agreements on education with the eu . 
   * voting in the eu council also works differently depending on the competence area . 
  some policy areas require super majorities , whilst others only require qualified majorities ( which is basically 50 % +1 of the member states or 50 % +1 of the eu 's population ) . 
  this , again , gives more powers to the member states , not the eu as a supranational entity . 
   * it also really frustrated me when they were counting up the * volume * of eu law and how much volume of law there is in comparison to laws made in the uk . 
  the volume is not what you should be looking at . 
  if the eu made a billion laws on cucumber curvature then 99 % of our law would be made by the eu , but that does n't actually * mean * anything . 
  it does n't mean that the eu has undue influence . 
  it just means that volume of law is a pretty meaningless way thing to evaluate these things . 
  a better way is to look at the areas where the eu has competence . 
  for instance , the eu has no laws on what constitutes a crime or even how we can treat criminals . 
  so for instance , the eu has no say in whether or not we can have capital punishment . 
  i think the ability of the uk to make decisions on the big ticket issues like that are worth more than a billion laws on cucumber curvature . 
  and that 's good because that 's what the state of play is at the moment . 
   so i think that he over-emphasised the level of sovereignty that we 've pooled with the eu , which makes his framing of the eu referendum debate incredibly unfair , because it feeds into this misrepresentation that he has done . 
  in reality, 
   globalism , immigration an argument you 'll often hear made by hardline pro-remainers is a much broader argument between those who are humanitarians , cosmopolitans and globalists , and the nationalists , those who do not accept the fundamental equality of all human beings and who think that their nation is fundamentally better and more deserving than the rest . 
  that is the question as they see it . 
  it 's an interesting argument . 
  i think that this is an entirely separate ( but related ) debate to the left-right one , which is about state intervention in the economy . 
  but what 's also interesting , is the various strands within the different cosmopolitan-nationalist perspectives .
