  how come latvians did n't historically live in villages ? 
  where else did they live ? 
  what 's a kohlhoz ? 
  initiating change over to explosive arrow and armour subreddit, 
  the thing you have to keep in mind with rule 2.5 is that it 's sole purpose is to stop the sub becoming / r/gaming or / r/mapporn . 
  this is a hunorous map , and for what it 's trying to do it does it well . 
  but what kind of precedent do we set if we allow it ? 
  where will the sub be on 2 months time if we let stuff like this be posted here . 
  we are a serious subreddit with a humorous side , but if we let purely entertainment typed images ( which are , fundamentally , only one step away from memes ) be posted they would quickly overrun all the serious content . 
  i see what you 're saying , but a great comments section could sprout out of anything . 
  the submissions are the things we remove , not the comments section . 
  so we should only evaluate the submissions itself when making the decision . 
  rule 2.3 is the editorialising rule . 
  this is rule 2.5, 
  sorry but this has been delisted under rule 2.5, 
   what each party stands for what does the party of conservatives and reformists for europe as opposed to the european people 's party stand for ? 
  could you articulate the values of either of these parties in a tick box format ? 
  this has been delisted under rules 2.5, 
  this has been removed until a source can be provided . 
  last time i checked westminster was in europe . 
  it 's fine to link stories on news which seem mostly relevant to only one european country . 
  europe 's interconnected . 
  what effects one nation effects them all . 
  as it stands you really should n't have included the second part of your title . 
  i do n't remember there being a comment about that in this thread . 
  maybe you 're thinkin of a different thread . 
  or maybe the user deleted it before i had a chance to see it . 
  please provide a source . 
  delisted until source provided, 
  please post a source . 
  send a pm with / r/europe as the recipient when you 've done that and your submission will be relisted . 
  the mods are always listening . 
  we are mostly normal members who post , comment and everything , you know ? 
  sorry but we can not heed your plea this time , my child . 
  merci beaucoup, 
  thank you greatly for bringing this to my attention . 
  this is sufficient and i am re-listing the submission as we speak . 
  if these newspaper headlines were from today ( 9th april , 2015 ) then they might be able to be sources by themselves because they 're so modern and i can check their authenticity by going to my local news kiosk , but most of these are historical and at least several years old ( and some of them are over a hundred years old ) . 
  in that sense they are historical documents and i given the omnipresence of photoshop and the frequency with which such software is used , we ca n't really afford to take chances . 
  i know that sometimes what we do seems arbitrary and inflexible . 
  the only comfort i can give in that regard is that the mod team does n't take action apart from what we all believe is necessary to achieve a good subreddit . 
  and the mod team collectively has * decades * of experience in moderating this subreddit , and many members of the mod team have much experience moderating subreddits outside of this one and have done so for years . 
  we act in the way we do because we believe it to be the best course of action and we have a whole wealth of experience to knowledge to back that up . 
  thank you for the source and your consideration . 
  we feel that editorialising is the only appropriate word to use here , however , we have clarified exactly what we mean by editorialising in our rules section linked on the sidebar . 
   2.3 editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  ** you should , in most cases , use the title on the page you are linking to . 
  ** so we 've established in our rules a link between editorialising , and retaining the titles ( or other integral parts ) of the linked submission . 
  do you have a source that shows that these newspapers front pages did actually appear , and that the statements the imgur article makes are correct . 
  this submission has to be delisted as per rule 2.1 until a source is provided . 
  hi it 's ok to change a couple of words from the headline , and it 's even ok to lift sentences out of other parts of the article ( especially the first and last paragraphs ) , but what / u/neutrolgreek is practically mentioned nowhere in the article and is therefore * heavy * editorialisation . 
  moderator here . 
  please keep it civil . 
  it 's part of the [ reddiquette ] ( http://np.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette/ ) and the [ subreddit 's community rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) that you should n't be a complete arse to other people . 
  i understand that you 're angry , but that 's no excuse for the level of bile you 're throwing out . 
  but your and / u/wwoodi 's comments are neither smug * nor * oversimplified , right ? 
  i also go into * much * more depth in this very thread , if you 're interested in actually engaging with my argument , rather than just getting in simple one liner ad-homonims . 
  which , by the way , are wrong in the first place because * i do n't vote green * . 
  which ones do you object to ? 
  seeing as you scored highly with the bnp i imagine its stuff like supporting eu membership , accepting refugees and thinking that muslims should be allowed in this country, 
  again , you 're ignoring what i am actually saying and just sticking to your prelearned talking points . 
  ukraine does n't have anything to do with what i am saying . 
  ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons . 
  if you were listening to me you would have heard that i said i do n't think we should get rid of our nuclear programme . 
  this is the third time i have said it . 
  hopefully you will listen this time . 
  and fyi the treaty that 's relevant to ukraine is the budapest memorandum , which has nothing to do with the nnpt, 
  i agree but a ) you 've not answered my original questions at all and are focusing on the minutiae and b ) i do agree with you that nuclear power is good , but the greens are n't crazy either , because they offer a viable alternative to both fossil fuels like coal and an alternative to nuclear through their commitment to renewables like wind , solar and tidal energy . 
  furthermore these forms of energy do hold genuine advantages over nuclear such as holding literally 0 threat to the environment ( where as there are always inherent dangers to nuclear ) and there are no issues with disposing of nuclear waste . 
  so whilst you may think that nuclear is a marginally better course of action than straight up renewables , you should n't abandon the greens just because of their stance to nuclear energy because their ideas are good too . 
  anything 's better than coal, 
  and france !, 
   trident would n't be expanded but it would be replaced with an updated version . 
  we would still have 4 nuclear submarines they would just be updated with newer missiles , systems and other upgrades . 
  and if you had spend two years studying the nuclear non proliferation treaty and other international conventions , then you would know that updating a weapons system us tantamount to expanding it in the eyes of the nnpt and therefore would violate the treaty . 
  if you listen to any legal expert 's advice on this , they 'll tell you that `` updating '' trident seriously risks violating the treaty . 
  i understand that you disagree with them in gm crops and on nuclear . 
  i disagree with them in both of those too . 
  they are sometimes a but too extremist , but surely most of the other parties are worse because they refuse to make any meaningful change in climate change and therefore condemn . 
  yeah the greens are populists , but their fundamental message is pretty good , right ? 
  did you read what i said ? 
  i did n't talk about getting rid of trident . 
  i said that we should not expand it . 
  perhaps you should listen to the people you 're arguing with and actually respond to what they say , rather than just imaging that everyone who disagrees with you does so for the same reasons . 
  i explained this in a comment elsewhere in this thread so i wo n't go into too much detail here , but essentially it bowls down to the fact that if we renew trident or expand our nuclear fleet , we will be violating the nuclear non proliferation treaty . 
  this means that other nations bound by the treaty will be free to break the treaty too , states such as russia and china . 
  i 'm fine with keeping trident . 
  i do n't like it , but i do n't think we can disarm unilaterally . 
  we would need to all disarm together . 
  but for god 's sake do n't expand the fucking thing . 
  the uk alone has enough nukes to cause a nuclear winter . 
  surely that 's enough . 
  we do n't need to break a treaty which protects us from armageddon just so the conservatives can avoid losing the election, 
  yaay , let 's allow national pride be a reason to bring the destruction of our planet even closer !, 
  come on guys , why do n't we all just make loads of nuclear weapons ? 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  least the uk can be proud of itself now . 
  what ? 
  / u/mirh is saying that it is hypocritical to oppose nuclear power stations but not be opposed to nuclear powered submarines .
