  just , you look a little ill informed with that post . 
  when you said '' * the european union is the only progressive force in the world . 
  * '' it made you look a little crazy and a little blind . 
  i 'm all for getting behind the eu but like blair said , do n't overstate its importance . 
  it gives the eurosceptics something to call out the europhiles on . 
  he is right in a lot of ways but bubadebeer just comes across * so * strong that it makes him look at bit extreme and a bit oblivious to the eu 's problems . 
   the european union is the only progressive force in the world that sentence just looks , bad . 
  i 'm very pro eu but even i would n't say that . 
  it just looks ignorant . 
  apart from that i pretty much agree . 
  any chance of having this with english subtitles ? 
  please ... you 're embarrassing the rest of us europhiles ... 
  it 's by no means that simple ... 
  please do n't try and give an over simplified answer knowing that it is inadequate . 
  that 's almost as bad as spreading lies . 
  it 's very difficult to see what effects have been caused by the eu and what by the council of europe as the two feed into each other and so do their effects . 
  tbh you are quite condescending . 
  well if you 're going to use a hypothetical to prove a point , you might as well make it an interesting hypothetical :p, 
  i believe there 's various eu and eu commission channels in at least the three main eu languages ( english , german and french ) and i highly expect there in some of the other common ones like italian and spanish . 
  i just happened to put the german one up because it 's the first one i saw . 
  my mistake . 
  i know right !, 
  if you use liberal ( but still acceptable ) definitions of the right words in the right sentences , you can vastly skew the meaning of a sentence from one end of a spectrum to the other . 
  as is the way language works , esp . 
  english . 
  :p basically , trying to catch some one out for using a liberal interpretation of a word 's meaning is fairly pointless as people do it all the time . 
  for instance when ever any one is makes a comment likening some thing or other to slavery , it 's pure hyperbole . 
  there 's various other examples too . 
  glad i could help . 
  idk about more bank holidays personally . 
  i 'm a kind of person that goes stir crazy when i do n't have a project and am left around the house . 
  i also heard that during the quarter with the diamond jubilee celebrations the economy shrank because of the bank holiday ( though i 'm not sure how much of that is anti monarchy spin doctors ) yeah , no one is really a big nationalist or even admits to liking the royals . 
  i 'll wear a union jack scarf and/or t-shirt , but that 's also kind of a parody of myself ( too much time on the internet talking to americans tends to make you feel a lot prouder of where you come from :p ) i guess i do n't mind ether way :p what i really want to know is if william and eventually his baby 's head will end up on our coinage . 
   especially : to a greater extent than is normal the word ` especially ' does n't single out using a word in other instance , it just places a * greater emphasis than normal * on something . 
  it does n't make it so you can only use a word exclusively after the `` esp . '', 
  bit in the dictionary . 
  so all your left with is  inclination for or against one person or group, 
  it 's debatable whether or not the context has to be political and even if we deem that it does have to be political , then we have to define exactly what political means which is also a very dubious term . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=borijfrcdva&amp;feature=g-u ) video is certainly bias towards the european union and bias towards cutting wastage . 
  it 's also arguably misleading depending on who 's looking at it . 
  i could very easily make the case that it 's misleading the public . 
  i 'm not personally going to because i do n't believe it is , but some one else could , and they would n't necessarily be wrong . 
  no doubt the bbc is n't going to shut up about it for at least 24 hours . 
  they 've already given it it 's own little prefix on the scrolling bulletin at the top . 
  probably , the baby is inevitably going to be the future monarch of the uk and commonwealth ( even if it 's a girl thanks to new legislation ) personally i hope they have it on a weekend ... 
  i 'm all for national pride and everything , and i get more behind than royals than most , but we 've already had the jubilee thing , and the olympics , and we have the queen 's birthday every year . 
  i think people will get a bit nationalismme d out , or at least royaltied out . 
  ( forgive my making up of words ), 
  * ` chiefly derogatory information , esp . 
  of a biased or misleading nature , used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view : he was charged with distributing enemy propaganda ' * so it has to be biased and be used to promote a particular point of view ? 
  that sounds like an exceptionally loose definition which can indeed be applied to a variety of circumstances , does it not ? 
   we have definitions of words for a reason . 
  you ca n't just change the meaning of a word however you see fit . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea i or any one else here was changing the definitions of any words for * how we see fit *, 
   i wonder why i ca n't find news of this elswhere ... that 's what i was thinking ... maybe the news of kate middleton 's baby is throwing off all of my news places ( i 'm british and so are most of the news places i use ), 
  propaganda has a definition , however it 's very loose and * can * be applied to a variety of cases . 
  regularly : how exactly ? 
  is one or twice regular enough ? 
  if i shout `` i have a gigantic penis '' around my school for a few weeks would that be regular ? 
  misleading : how misleading does it need to be ? 
  does it need to actively guide you away from the truth or merely feed you contradicting facts/falsehoods or simply avoid telling you the important information all together and just tell you nice things which take your eyes away from something or other . 
  my point is , that definition can be applied to virtually anything you want it to : advertising , protests , service announcements . 
  picking at people for not using a stricter definition of ` propaganda ' as well as a variety of other words is a dubious and probably wont solve anything . 
  or worse yet , that screaming woman . 
  ^ ( i 'm not necessarily saying this true but let 's say i am for the sake of interestingness ) yes , however one could argue that so is the eu . 
  it 's not kept together through external force but rather internal force . 
  if you leave the eu you risk the whole thing falling apart and increasing the recession both in your own country and abroad . 
  not to mention there is no mechanism for for allowing countries to leave . 
  probably not but russia 's just crazy . 
  you never know what they 're going to do . 
  they poisoned a west leaning ukrainian presidential candidate once and as a result he lost . 
  russia be cray cray . 
  nigel farange ( forgotten how to spell his name ) made an analogy between it and yugoslavia . 
  the problem is it is n't a completely stupid analogy : /, 
  the uk loves a good anti eu story , no matter how untrue but it 's not like it gives the eu a good reputation any where especially with all the anti austerity riots going on around europe . 
  you know , when people are pissed it 's probably not a good idea to make yourself look punchable . 
  or invade , sorry , liberate parts of that country like he did in [ georgia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_invasion_of_georgia ), 
  the greeks just ca n't seem to get a break :(, 
  i have an entirely reasonable hatred of american spellings, 
  we 're not calling people participating witch hunters . 
  we 're saying that if information like this is left up then individual users may take it upon themselves to take further action . 
  so far as i can see , nobody has taken any further action yet and therefor no witching hunting is ( as of yet ) going on . 
  this is a preventative measure to ensure that witch hunting does not happen in the imminent future . 
  we are not saying that witching hunting is currently going on , only that it is likely to if left unmoderated . 
  u wan na fight ?!, 
  u startin ' ? 
  say we 're building it in the alps , but secretly build it under the kremlin . 
  nobody would expect a surprise eu parliament . 
  why would we build a new capital when we 've got so many great ones to choose from ? 
  what makes europe great is its history . 
  why would we ignore the best thing about our continent . 
  we should expand on existing traditions and structures which already offer us so much . 
  i 'd rather have somewhere ancient and amazing be our capital , instead of somewhere new and boring, 
   i only found one news article could you link to it ? 
  i 'd be interested to read it , as i 've not been able to find any other information so far . 
  judging by some other comments in this thread , i thought they wanted a referendum but were 50/50 split on which side they would support ? 
  are they all counted by one person , who 's also my grandmother , who also happens to be a bit busy doing something else , in a different country ? 
  in the uk , 90 % of the votes are counted within 6 hours , with only a few extending to 9 or 12 when the result is exceptionally close and they demand recounts . 
  the only time it 's ever been longer in recent times is for the euro elections in shetland islands in scotland where they all happened to have a religious holiday on that day . 
  thanks , edited .
