  sorry , but no . 
  rules 2.6, 
  huh ? 
  i do n't think there were any shared territories in africa . 
  they were always owned by a specific european power , but never multiple . 
  it is however illegal to wear armour into the house of commons or handle salmon in suspicious circumstances . 
  that was a fun read, 
  i did n't know what five was . 
  i thought electrons were kind of like light and therefore were massless which means you ca n't really compare them to atoms . 
  but i have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  i fell asleep through a couple of stephen hawking documentaries . 
  actually that 's not the case . 
  on quite a lot of them less than 50 % gave the correct answer , so a majority was quite often not right . 
  the correct answer was always the most common , but it frequently was not picked by more than 50 % of respondents . 
  the criticisms are usually that the echr stops us from sending islamists abroad to be tortured in foreign countries . 
  a lot of conservative voters tend to think ` well they 're islamists , so what does it matter ? ', 
  but some of us still believe that they should have their human rights protected , simply by virtue of them being human . 
  the echr also says that we should give prisoners the vote , but the uk has just refused to do this since forever , despite the echr telling us to . 
  so there 's a bit of an ongoing spat over that . 
  i 'm reading through all of the party literature ( manifestos , speeches , etc ) and got the numbers mixed up . 
  it 's 2016 that his job as mayor ends , not 2012 . 
  that would be surprising . 
  1 ) sorry yeah , i meant leader of the conservative party , not prime minister . 
  although if he becomes leader of the conservative party , he could * then * become prime minister too . 
  and yes , boris says he can do both jobs and there does n't seem to be any rule that says he * ca n't * do both jobs . 
  so he 's going to be half arsing at least one of them until 2012 when his term as mayor expires . 
  2 ) there was a referendum on changing the system to the alternative vote , but this was n't actually the system anybody wanted and was a compromise between the lib dems and the conservatives . 
  what people actually wanted was proportional representation . 
  so we ca n't have another referendum on av in the near future , but it 's entirely possible that we 'll have on on proportional representation or a different voting system . 
  it 's not a requirement , but it certainly helps, 
  maybe charismatic is the wrong word , but i certainly think alex salmond was just more of a character . 
  you could draw a cartoon of salmond and it would be more realistic than the real thing . 
  surgeon is more down to earth and , yes , saleswoman like . 
  she 's much less divisive , which is a big reason for her large scale support , but that lack of divisiveness is largely because she 's not such a huge character . 
  it 's not a bad thing to be less of a character . 
  it 's just a description . 
  at the moment though , labour would need the support of the snp * and * the liberal democrats in order to pass a queen 's speech . 
  the new statesman is not the left equivalent of the daily mail . 
  you 're thinking of the daily mirror ( a red top daily newspaper like the sun that strongly supports the labour party ) . 
  the new statesman is like the dm only insofar as it vehemently supports a particular ideology , and usually a particular party . 
  apart from that it 's entirely different . 
  ns has long discursive essays and focuses on small ideological shifts within the labour party and the left of british politics more broadly . 
  it 's equivalent on the right is the spectator , not the daily mail . 
  the daily mail is about short pieces of shitty journalism that are designed to make you become very angry , very quickly , based on little factual evidence but whilst also giving you the impression that you 've actually been informed about something . 
  so many reasons . 
  ranked with most important broadly at the top * neither of the two largest parties ( labour and the conservatives ) are going to get a majority of the seats in parliament . 
  this has only happened twice in the uk since the end of the second world war ( once in 1974 , and once in 2010 ) . 
  any party could end up being part of the government , and it 's quite likely we 're going to get a three party coalition , which i do n't think has * ever * happened in the uk ( but do n't quote me on that ) . 
  * this is the first general election since ukip became the huge political force it has done . 
  they could significantly increase their representation in parliament leading to a much more extremist government . 
  * david cameron has pledge an `` in/out '' referendum on europe if he is elected prime minister , among many other anti-european measures ( such as potentially removing us from the european convention on human rights ) * this is the first proper election since the scottish national parties huge surge . 
  they 're predicted to get almost every seat in scotland , and could potentially lead to a huge jump in a much more leftist direction . 
  * this election will decide of britain continues with a thatcherite/neo-liberal policy of cutting back the state through austerity ( if a conservative dominated government wins ) or a more keynesian/tax and borrowing related recovery will take place . 
  if the snp are part of the government , there will likely be no austerity at all . 
  * the british voting system ( first past the post , aka ` winner takes all ' ) is starting to be seriously challenged , in view of the fact that we now have a multi-party democracy , instead of a simple two party democracy . 
  all of the small parties support changing the system and only the large two advocate retaining it . 
  * for those of you who know what a boris johnson is , if david cameron loses , he could be become the next prime minister . 
  boris is also standing for parliament and is almost certainly going to become a member of parliament , in addition to being mayor of london . 
  so for all you boris fans , expect to see a lot more of him ( but also expect him to become a lot less popular ) . 
  * for those of who you remember alex salmond ( the charismatic leader of the scottish national party during the referendum , who was replaced by the slightly less charismatic scottish woman , nicola sturgeon ) , he 's also standing for parliament , so expect to see a lot more of him . 
  * lib dems are also predicted to have half their seats removed , and their leader , nick clegg ( who so many of you are big fans of due to his impressive linguistic ability ) , may lose his seat [ coincidentally , i walk through part of his constituency of sheffield hallam everyday ] and possibly disappear from front line politics . 
  there 's also many , many , many smaller issues going on such as debates over the uk 's nuclear weapons system , refugees , scottish independence , uk constitutional reform [ especially relating to the house of lords ] , the uk 's national health service , taxation and so on . 
  but for you europeans here , this is probably what you 'll find most interesting . 
  well , if the election was today and the parties all get the seats that they 're predicted , the lib dems would have no choice but to coalition with labour , because a coalition with the conservatives would n't form a majority . 
  whoever is in charge of the lib dems post election is n't going to just fold their arms and refuse to coalition . 
  they 'll make something work . 
  if a coalition with either the conservatives or labour is viable with lib dem support , then it does indeed come down to whoever is leader ( nick clegg favouring conservatives , tim farron favouring labour ) and whatever their personal preferences are . 
  but as the polls stand , they wo n't have that choice . 
  / u/crap _ people can be / r/europe 's official ambassador to liberland for the duration of the visit . 
  should they choose to accept it . 
  i think they just mean libertarian as a denonym for the country , not the ideology of libertarianism, 
  i 'd actually say the t be 2010 coalition is the only coalition we 've had since the war . 
  there was a coalition during the second world war , but as soon as the war ended the coalition disbanded and elections were held . 
  literally during the potsdam peace conference churchill had to leave and clement atlee turned up . 
  it 's thought to have sped up the start of the cold war due to making stalin suspicious . 
  but the important thing here is that you ca n't count this coalition as happening `` since '' the war because it ended as soon as the war was over . 
  the second one you 're probably thinking of is after the the first election in 1974 ( they 're were two that year ) . 
  this was a coalition in spirit , but technically is n't one . 
  it 's what 's called a ` confidence and supply ' arrangement where the mps of the smaller party do not form part of the government , and instead just help the government by voting through its legislation and budgets . 
  if it was a coalition , the members of the smaller party would have taken up ministerial positions . 
  for instance , vince cable is the minister of the department for business and skills , despite being a liberal democrat and not a conservative . 
  so the 1974 was a minority government conservative government backed up by the liberal party . 
  it was also incredibly unstable and collapsed within a year , leading to new elections and the labour party forming a majority ( gaining votes from both t be liberals and conservatives ) . 
  and 2010 was a proper coalition . 
  interestingly , the 2015 government is currently suspected to be a labour/lib dem minority coalition government , backed up by the snp on a confidence and supply arrangement . 
  so labour and lib dem will likely both have ministers , but still not enough mps for a majority , so they 'll have to get votes from non coalition parties in order to pass legislation . 
  it 's such a brainful, 
  delisted under rule 2.5, 
  delisted under rule 2.6, 
  i wonder what made people so angry in august 2013, 
  yeah , it 's especially interesting if you listen to left wing spectators , they 'll tell you that the conservatives switched from primarily hayek models of economics , which is the normal conservative/right wing model of economics since the 1980s which was the justification for cuts , to a keynesian one , which is the normal economic model of the left which advocates hiring taxes and state intervention in the economy , instead and that 's why the economic situation started improving . 
  i do n't personally i know enough about these models , nor the government 's economic record , but from a superficial look , it seems to make sense . 
  i feel like the build up to the election has just become a load of white noise buzzing in the background * everywhere * . 
  like there 's little party placards all over the place , and people muttering about things wherever you walk and god forbid you try and read a newspaper or go online . 
  but it 's been going on for so long now that as you walk around it sort of feels normal , but still something feels like it 's unusual but you ca n't quite tell what . 
  i 'm just gon na use healthcare as an example . 
  ukip 's opinion on healthcare is officially for state funded healthcare , with some aspects within the party supporting private insurance based healthcare . 
  democrats , on the hand support the health and social care act , which forces employers to provide for the healthcare of their employees . 
  the positions broadly match up . 
  the health and social care act is somewhat to the right of the current uk model , so ukip 's support for that makes them more leftist , but the forces within the party wanting insurance based system pushes it somewhat more rightward to make it in the middle and maybe on the right wing of the democratic party .
