  i 'm quite excited to see if the new investment can raise its stature . 
  it 's got a lot of potential to become much more significant if it has more resources, 
  a house of cards would mean that if china falls we all fall , but europe seems to be adding huge amounts of wealth to its stock markets * despite * or perhaps * because of * the huge stock market drop in china . 
  he started the thing to begin with . 
  its ridiculous to say he ruined it when it 's because of him that it exists at all, 
  a ) it 's not censorship . 
  b ) we 're not saying that it does justify censorship . 
  we 're explaining why we do n't take the time to and effort to provide all of the information straight away , without being asks . 
  please stop trying to change the issue . 
  c ) he has a largely undeserved reputation for this , but he 's still a moderator and each decision should be evaluated on its own merits . 
  you yourself do n't like it when users bring up your account history to dismiss your arguments . 
  i 'd hope you 'd give others the same treatment . 
  anything less is hypocrisy . 
  that 's all well and good if it 's just one post . 
  but what if i do hundreds of mod actions at a time ? 
  it 'd increase the amount of time it takes to fulfil these functions by at least 50 % . 
  that means time spent providing information that 99 % of users wo n't read or care about will stop is fulfill other mod functions . 
  would you rather that we stopped focusing on banning people , and let rule breakers inadvertently run free in order to provide this information on every case ? 
  i think what we do currently is an economical use of our time . 
  and anyway , if you ask for more information then we 'll provide it . 
  you think a subreddit is a democracy ? 
  it adds a ridiculous amount of strain to our already depleted resources simply to tell people that we 've removed their comments/submissions , and you want us to waste further time by compiling even more information ? 
  if that 's what you think then you 've got seriously unrealistic expectations of what 's possible . 
  i think the way the mod team was operating was flawed . 
  we had an internal communications break down . 
  we need to collect ourselves , sort out our problems and then focus on action . 
  if we tried to improve our moderation policy now , it would be like trying to start up a welfare state in africa . 
  there 's just not the infrastructure or organisation to do it properly . 
  we need to get organised ( which means talking ) and then take action . 
  i 'm currently writing a revised set of rules and an internal mod charter setting out dispute management and protocol along with a revised list of rules . 
  nothing fixed . 
  it all depends . 
  my personal estimate is that it wo n't be within the next two weeks but will probably be before the end of september . 
  but like i say , other things could come up which completely change that time scale, 
  ooo varoufakis actually trended the french socialist gathering ? 
  i thought he 'd disagree with them too much . 
  how did that turn out . 
  was hollande or valls there ? 
  any interesting theories ? 
  also , any chance of the train thing having a political impact ? 
  there 'll be an open application process which will be stickied, 
  please remember rule 1.2 . 
  hi , i 'm currently on a phone so i ca n't write a very good response . 
  of course i do n't and wo n't treat extremists as members of the community . 
  if you argue for violence or actual racism , then you 'll be banned by me . 
  sometimes it takes a long time to establish this and do a full ban , but we get there in the end . 
  i think that this subreddit will increase in quality over the medium term , especially over the next two months because a ) we knowingly unbanned people who should be banned . 
  during the mod internal catastrophe after which theskynet left and the megathread was disestablished we realised that hundreds of bans had been wrongly placed and the documentation was so awful that we could not identify which were good and which were not . 
  there was literally no way to unban those who should be unbanned whilst keeping those banned who should be banned . 
  so our policy now is to wait for all those extremists to show them selves and be rebanned , along with the appropriate documentation . 
  b ) currently there is virtually no news in europe except for immigration and the odd bailout news story . 
  this will change very soon . 
  currently all the parliaments and governments of europe are on break for the summer , but most of them will be returning in august which will allow the normal news cycle to continue , which will draw attention away from immigration . 
  immigration is not dependent on the parliamentary schedule , so it 's just about the only thing left to report on when parliaments go on recess . 
  c ) we 'll be highering new mods to increase man power which we can use to actually moderate properly . 
  at the moment , we 're extremely limited in what we can do . 
  since we hired new mods last time , so many have been kicked out or left that we 've only had a net increase of one , despite growing by 100,000 users . 
  we 're just not staffed enough to deal with the crisis . 
  moderation is going to remain being more relaxed and we 're going to focus more on long term strategies rather than jerky short term ones , but expect the quality of the moderation to increase over time . 
  so yeah . 
  i still think this is the best place on the internet to dicuss european affairs with other europeans , especially on non immigration topics . 
  is it as good as it was ? 
  but it 's still the best , it 's still good . 
  i hope this has given you at least some hope . 
  i 'm also always open to advice . 
  i will listen to all sections of our community and ignore nobody . 
  i did n't ignore the section of the community which was vocally against the megathread . 
  why should i ignore those who are currently in favour of one ? 
  this was prevented . 
  the guy was caught and nobody was hurt . 
  putting carpets on a wall and driving to a few people 's houses does n't require that much dedication . 
  sure , it requires some and he could have done something useful , but it 's hardly on par with nobel prize laureates . 
  they 've usually done just a little bit more work than that, 
  but if google left up those stories then they would simply be used as a proxy to a ) bring attention to the story which it has already been deemed has the right to be forgotten and b ) bring attention to the individual whom it effects wanted it removed . 
  say if somebody was falsely accused of rape 20 years ago , quite rightly asks for the story to be forgotten ( there 's really no reason for the story to be kept around and only has the side effect of completely slandering this person 's name for something they did n't do ) but then somebody makes a story saying `` story about x 's alleged rape has been removed by google !!! '' . 
  people would find the story in the exact same way as if the story had never been forgotten in the first place . 
  if you disagree with the right to be forgotten then that 's fine , but then you need to argue about that specifically . 
  this is just necessary in order the the right to be effectively implemented . 
  i 'm never adding anybody like davidreiss . 
  why do n't you read the mod leaks ? 
  you can see on there that i threatened to leave if davidreiss did n't step down . 
  you 'll also notice he 's not here anymore . 
  he also personally blames me for that . 
  he was a bad mod and an even worse person to work with . 
  so you can rest assured , no more people like him . 
  do you want to know why i tried to get him to leave ? 
  two reasons , one of which was that he was totally incapable of compromising ( which led us both to hate each other ) but mostly because he censored like crazy . 
  maybe you can start to see now , that my only bias is that i want to have a nice and well maintained subreddit . 
  perhaps you could stop with the conspiracy theories now about how i ( and the rest of the mods ) are somehow out to steal your freedoms . 
  i 'd appreciate that . 
  i 've said already that it only serves to make me feel like shit for doing the right thing . 
  edit : whatever the answer , i 'm going to bed . 
  too much of this shit for one day, 
  i do n't see what you hoped to achieve with this . 
  you 're hardly gon na convince anybody of anything by posting a single word . 
  if you have any evidence , then fucking show it . 
  i 'm adding nobody yet . 
  there 'll be an application thread . 
  users will post their applications . 
  we 'll go through them and pick out the best candidates .
