  it 's unfair for us to play politics with their lives and it 's * especially * unfair for us to not even let them have a say in a decision which effects them far more than it does those of us still in the uk, 
  cameron never predicted world war three . 
  he just said that the eu was one important reason amongst others for why europe is enjoying one of the longest periods of peace in the continent 's history . 
  conversely , this means you will * only * learn english and it will be very difficult to learn any other language because everyone else constantly speaks to you in english source : studies german at university and french on the side in the uk ; no one will talk to me , _ ,, 
  british people 's perspective is generally ` why should the police have a right to know ? ', 
  either the police are going to arrest you for something ( or take you in for questioning ) or you 're free to leave . 
  non of this requires you to have an id on the spot . 
  ids are generally only seen as ways for the government to interfere necessarily with the liberties of ordinary people . 
  it does n't help that there are a lot of scare stories in the press about it being a criminal offence not to have your registration on your person at all times in places like germany . 
  nb : not saying i necessarily agree or disagree with this . 
  it 's just my perception of the uk 's general approach to ids . 
  you have been banned from / r/europe, 
  i find in situations like this it 's good to just ask `` why do you think this ? '', 
  to a particular point . 
  like `` why do you think they 're loonies ? '', 
  and they normally go `` oh well there was that , errr , thing ... '' or if they do know something it 'll be like `` they have this silly stance on x '' which then gives you an opportunity to explain why x is n't as stupid as they thought . 
  the greens of england and wales have actually become somewhat known for taking this sort of a stance . 
  you can see it in their eu election material : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iith2fsware they often describe themselves as heavily critical but the eu being the only logical means to solve today and tomorrow 's problems . 
  just to solidify the point about the eu being taken seriously . 
  the eu is represented at both the g7 and the g20 . 
  that 's not the member states ( uk , italy , germany , france , etc ) but the eu itself . 
  donald tusk and jean claude junker sit at this events with the same status as the members like japan . 
  i think that 's really emblematic of the eu 's influence . 
  wait , was that , was that a response with nuance ? 
  you acknowledge that the eu has a certain degree of democratic deficit , but also that it is still more democratic than other legitimate democracies like the uk ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , treasure this moment . 
  t'is a rare thing to see a balance answer in the brexit debate . 
  did n't the editor of the netzpolitic.org get arrested by the german government or something ? 
  still not sure whether to upvote or downvote ... what do you want, 
  yes please . 
  i helped make this damn treasure hunt and i still ca n't figure the damn thing out . 
  it 's driving me crazy . 
  whether or not it 's a strategy , it 's making me lose what little faith i had in him . 
  if anything , it 's made the story live longer because it hangs over him like a giant asterisk . 
  if he said `` i do not hate gay people '' then there would maybe be headlines ( if that ) for one day about it and then it would die because there 's no conceivable way to spin the story like this out any longer ... 
  unless he secretly does hate gays and there are skeletons in his closet he does n't want to bring attention to . 
  either way , they 're both bad . 
  i would expect better from the supposedly ` liberal ' leader of the party that brought forward equal marriage . 
  totally ruining that liberal legacy and handing it over to the cameronian conservatives and the greens . 
  but that sort of comment is precisely the sort of thing that infuriates me . 
  ` my religion does not dictate my political views ... ' so what are your political views ? 
  do your political views include hating gay people yes or no ? 
  it 's a simple question which has been put to him many times and every god damn time he avoids saying ` no , i do not hate gay people , ' and instead comes out with a very markedly different response , such as the one you outlined there . 
  what he said in that quote was something very * different * to a denial . 
  and that 's what worries me . 
  certainly , as someone who has voted lib dem in the past , it 's putting me off ever doing so again until he actually comes up with a serious response . 
  and yet he fails every single time to say the words `` i do n't hate gay people '' or even `` whether or not i hate people is besides the point , i believe tolerance , equality and freedom are important values . '', 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  he fudges some sort of non-answer which makes me less and less convinced every time . 
  speaking from experience , earth would make an excellent colony of the zongoloid empire . 
  basically , imagine the `` sjw '' ` censorship ' caricature that a lot of subs like / r/subredditcancer love to complain about , and that 's what dr was like . 
  banned opinions he did n't agree with . 
  had an autoremoval function built into automoderator . 
  he also swore at me on at least one occasion and refused to compromise on any decision . 
  in the end i ended up just silently undoing some of his most awful work when he was n't looking . 
  started removal the automod rule about his name and then whilst he was shouting at me for doing that when he inevitably found it i 'd just find some obscure bans to remove . 
  eventually he was ousted after several mod resignations and even more threatened resignations . 
  about a week ago . 
  i 'm just here to help with amas , especially the caroline lucas ama . 
  you wont find me doing any comment removals or having any input on that side of things ( put your pitch forks away !, 
  i 'm thinking of davidreiss666 and theskynet . 
  those were the removals that i think the sub really benefited from . 
  the changes in mods that occurred after that point were sad and i wish they could have been avoided :(, 
  can confirm ; was mod at the time ( may have even been the one that banned you for personal attacks , as i take that sort of thing very seriously ) . 
  just wanted to point out that we own up to our fuck ups on that . 
  we 've changed a lot of our rules and we 've even changed those mods who were n't willing to support that change . 
  that 's one of the many reasons / u/arathian is with us now and is , from what i gather , doing a stellar job . 
  we already have one . 
  it 's called the lisbon treaty . 
   did this pass all approval steps already ? 
  from my reading of the article , it has been agreed by all education ministers of the eu 's 28 member states in the european council . 
  if my understanding of the eu 's legislative process serves , this means that it must now be officially proposed by the european commission and then passed by the european parliament . 
  given that the decision in the council was unanimous , ( with even very right wing/neoliberal countries like the uk 's nicky morgan supporting the move ) that gives it a high chance of success . 
  however , that does not mean it is inevitable . 
  the eu has a lot on its plate at the moment ( refugee crisis , eurozone crisis , brexit as well as a variety of digital single market measures that are vying for commissioners ' and parliament 's time ) which gives it the possibility that it just falls of the agenda entirely by 2020 . 
  it 's also possible that there will be opposition within the parliament or commission , but the people who control the commission and parliament tend to come from the same parties and have the same views as those in the council , so opposition is also unlikely . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** success is likely , but failure is possible . 
  what is the document the pictured quote comes from ? 
  it 's a little bit complicated . 
  i think she became it last year , but the leadership structure of die linke is kind of strange . 
  she 's the co-opposition ( oppositionsf\u00fchrerin ) leader in the german bundestag , which she got by being ` co-party chef ' ( fraktionsvorsitzende ) of the largest opposition party in the bundestag . 
  she 's co-leader with some other guy because die linke deploys the gender split to ensure equal representation . 
  hmm , he certainly said some of what you said , but other bits were n't there . 
  i do n't think he cheered the birthrate `` because they will all disappear '' the rest is sadly quite accurate though . 
  calling people who are against refugee relocation scheme `` nazis '' is no way to convince people . 
  i do n't have the will to be angry . 
  i 'm just disappointed . 
  -- also worth noting that the woman who got `` caked '' was done so because she was more to the right of the party than the guy who was in that video . 
   die linke is the party that called all white germans nazi 's , and cheered for their low birth rates so that they will disappear . 
  source for that ? 
  [ this is the image making the rounds on the german speaking parts of reddit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hujnjuw.jpg ), 
   they have no meps ... apart from jean lambert , keith taylor and molly scot catto ( who is potentially going to stand for the leadership of the greens ) . 
  they also are in coalitions in many councils across the country , most notably brighton ( which they used to have a majority on ) and kirklees , where the greens energy spokesperson , [ andrew cooper ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3r6zq0/ama_with_cllr_andrew_cooper_here_at_1500_gmt_get/ ) , is councillor with responsibility for housing . 
  tim farron is love . 
  tim farron is life . 
  what i really want in a leader is hatred for the gays and an inability to look human whilst holding milk . 
  it is an ` ask me anything ' . 
  you can ask about anything .
