  this is a good subbreddit and i know you do n't get a lot of praise for that . 
  but , please get rid of him . 
  it 's what everyone wants . 
  that 's not an excuse . 
  you said what you said . 
  if you did n't mean what you said , why did you say it ? 
  feel free to use more words to articulate what you mean . 
  you do n't have to make it punchy and short . 
  just explain it to us and do n't try and make excuses like `` i [ some excuse ] so i just said something that i do n't think is true '', 
  it 's the smart ones you want to be scared of/nice to . 
  they 'll either end up being your boss or starting a war . 
  to say it would surpass london or new york ( or other world cities ) might be going a bit far . 
  i think it would definitely be on par with them now if it were n't for losing the first world war or at the very least not dissolving the austro-hungarian empire . 
  i mean , let 's not forget that john stuart mill and karl marx both lived in london at the same time , and that isaac newton lived there . 
  i 'd give you a more impressive list , but unfortunately so many famous people have come from london ( partly due to london 's longevity ) that the [ wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_from_london ) has to be divided up by borough because otherwise the list would be too long . 
  it would be nice to have a german city as a proper world hub , as opposed to the spread out collections of medium sized cities like vienna , berlin , the rhine area . 
  our police force is n't void of armed officers , it 's just that they are never your standard patrol officers . 
  you 'll never see an armed police officer in your local neighbourhood unless something serious is going down like * major * gang violence or something . 
  it 's not `` surprising '' to see an armed police officer , but it is highly unusual and if you do see one , you know something important is nearby , ie : airport , british diplomat , foreign diplomat , maybe if something incredibly valuable is being transported ( like a bank transporting printed money ) , or the afore mentioned violence/terrorism . 
  sometimes they also have them around the big tourist sites in london . 
  i 'd also imagine that people who do n't live in the uk but travel in as tourists or something have much more contact with armed police than a uk resident would , because you 'll probably spend more time in airports , but also you 'll probably be in london more and well , london is special . 
  that 's an argument which is brought up more often in the american gun debate . 
  it 's slightly less valid in the few places on the planet where not even policemen have guns . 
  those countries are the uk , ireland , and new zealand . 
  you 'll notice that all of these countries are islands and relatively small . 
  so it 's relatively easy to have an effective zero tolerance policy on guns which works ( with some exceptions , obviously ) . 
  in places like america or mainland europe , this might not be quite so possible as extensive land borders make it difficult to keep guns out completely . 
  if you 're wondering , i support britain being a gun free zone , but i do n't support america being a gun free zone because i 'm not sure it 'd work . 
  well there are quite a few countries in europe and knowing them is n't much use to many people . 
  being able to name the first twenty is probably what 's expected , but there are 47 countries in europe , technically . 
  i could name them if you 'd like . 
  also , there are just shy of 200 countries on the planet , and many of them are of dubious sovereignty . 
  and yet again there 's little value in being able to name them all . 
  i recommend you give it a try . 
  it 's a lot harder than you 'd imagine . 
  i often have trouble simply remembering the spelling of african countries like maritunous [ europe game ] ( http://www.sporcle.com/games/g/europe ) [ world game ] ( http://www.sporcle.com/games/g/world ) if you can name all of them , i 'd be interested to here where/what your education system is . 
  oh , and tell me the score you get * the first * time . 
  edit : for those idealy curious , i got 120 out of 197 , despite having much practice and a room which include no less than 4 world maps and globes . 
  most people have no idea where or what latvia is , and i only started to be aware around the time i became hugely obsessed with cartography ( and thus being able to name every country in europe ) . 
  even now i 'm not too aware of what latvia is unique/interesting for and i kind of tend to group latvia with her two neighbours estonia and lithuania . 
  your economies are growing and everything which is good , but i do n't really know what is produced and/or exported there . 
  i know that latvia 's a former soviet country and for that deserves some respect given the hardship the country has gone through . 
  but to me , really , latvia 's just a very small country in europe and the eu . 
  i see latvia and the people there as similar to people throughout the rest of europe . 
  i think they must be reasonably industrious otherwise they would n't have been accepted into the eu . 
  tl : dr/summarisation : lativa is a small country in the eu with some reasons to be respected as a western country , even if i am not 100 % aware what those reasons are . 
  i think latvians and latvia 's neighbours are well educated and worthy of being seen as fellows . 
  ie that they 're culturally similar as i think most europeans sort of are . 
  i think that broadly covers it , though i might be missing a little bit or be being overly brusk . 
  right now is an important phrase . 
  as i 've said already , we 've had over a century to figure out how to extract oil cheaply . 
  also , i 'm not arguing that oil is cheaper , or at least less intensive , to make right now , but i think that we might be underestimating how intensive/expensive it is to make oil . 
  it is definitely easier to collect oil at this point , but it the margin by which it is , may not be * that * huge . 
  if you count in * everything * that goes into harvesting fossil fuels , it probably adds up to a lot too . 
  by everything , i mean the searching for the oil , the building of an oil rig , the employment of men willing to spend months at sea , the transportation of the oil back to the mainland , building the pipe which takes the oil back to the mainland , transporting that oil to petrol stations . 
  * at the moment * , biofuel comes out as slightly more expensive but this is keeping in mind that we 've had over a century to refine the practice of harvesting oil and using it effectively in an engine . 
  with biofuels , we only have the industry around agriculture which sort of helps , but is n't tailored like oil is . 
  there 's a lot to be said for refining a process down and down , and having people who 're experts on the subject through experience . 
  no one is really an expert on biofuels in the same way those who work in the oil industries are . 
  i 'm making this point poorly , but i think you know what i mean . 
  hopefully , maybe . 
  ok , i did laugh `` britain too small to matter , * says lichtenstein * '' but this is a little too much on the propaganda side of things to be taken seriously anywhere . 
  it 's funny , but it 's also a bit too extreme and if any eurosceptics get hold of it , it 'll make europhiles look quite bad , as if we actually think the largest financial centre in europe would become a ghost town because it left the eu . 
  it 's funny and i agree with the overall message , but it goes * too * far and would just look tasteless to any one not already firmly convinced that europe is a good idea . 
  quite right . 
  the date never really gets talked about , they just say that `` it 's coming '', 
  i was aware that the pcc elections were coming , i had not bothered to commit the date to memory and the specific date , i do n't believe , had been mentioned much in the media or anywhere . 
  it 's like that i know the next uk parliamentary election is in 2015 or that the scottish independence referendum in 2014 , but i do n't know the specific date . 
  also , being interested in elections goes a long way . 
  most of the news to most people is just a load of white noise apart from very little segments . 
  but no potato ? 
  we do n't seem to be investing that much in biofuels . 
  as i said already , it 's only # 12 per motorist . 
  and you could make the over investment argument for anything very easily . 
  i mean , all i can really say is that i do n't think we 're over investing . 
  we seem to be investing in a variety of things like wind technology and tidal technology . 
  i 'm not a fan of deforestation , but i hardly think you can say that biofuel is the cause of deforestation in indonesia . 
  if people and land owners in indonesia thing it is worth it to rip up their lovely forests for farmland , they 're probably going to do it whether it 's for biofuel or not . 
  what i think with biofuel , is that just because it the moment we happen to be getting it in a somewhat dubious way ( indonesia ) , does n't mean it has to be that way . 
  once we have an established biofuel infrastructure it does n't matter where we get the ingredients for the fuel from . 
  so in the future we 'll be very easily able to adapt and just use land in different areas which have less of a history of being forests ( like africa ) . 
  that 's why i do n't see that as a legitimate argument . 
  especially when compared to damage done by petrol to the atmosphere . 
  which do you think does more damage ? 
  deforestation ( which will be replaced with other plants anyway ) or petrol ? 
  so it 'll cost british motorists # 460\u00a0000\u00a0000 this year . 
  there are 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 motorists . 
  so that means we 'll each pay # 12 and 10 pence . 
  ok , so if biofuel is as good as it is normally portrayed i really do n't care paying an extra # 12 a year . 
  so the cost argument to me , is pretty pointless . 
  what is interesting is the bit about biofuels damaging the environment . 
  however i lost interest in that when they mentioned that all they were actually talking about was land in indonesia being deforested to help grow our food and ingredients for biofuel . 
  that does n't really sound so bad , and there 's no reason we land in other places ca n't be converted for the purposes of biofuel . 
  places which are arid , like parts of africa . 
  so the environmental argument to me falls apart . 
  so i did n't really find this very convincing . 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but i really have n't been convinced so far . 
  sounds just like the police and crime commissioners election in england and wales . 
  the turnout rate was somewhere bellow 20 % . 
  i only knew the election was taking place because labour put a letter through my box asking me to vote for them .
