  now if only the uk space agency 's funding could be diverted to go towards the european space agency , that would be nice . 
  send the money to a bigger agency , and get more done . 
  hey , the eu has a bigger economy than the usa , if we all pitch in properly we 'll be able to get some serious shit done . 
  i 'm split . 
  i mean , you should be pretty harshly punished for doing something this stupid . 
  but on the other hand , she 's 19 and she could have her life pretty much ruined in those three years by being held back . 
  is making a stupid decision when you 're not even 20 years old worth leaving a scare on the rest of your life ? 
  i 'm genuinely uncertain . 
  at least the building is still standing and looks like it can be fixed . 
  when i saw the video of it burning , it looked like it could become fatal . 
  there 's probably a lot of important artefacts inside which have been lost , but we can still hope . 
  [ this video ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93vqdyqan3g ), 
  i 'd love to see super high speed rail all round the rim of the mediterranean with tunnels through istanbul and the straight of gibraltar . 
  it would be one of the worst projects in the world to do in terms of benefit for each euro invested , but my god it would be fucking awesome . 
  one train which goes through cairo , milan , istanbul , jerusalem , damascus , sarajevo , vienna , barcelona , madrid casablanca , tripoli and then back to egypt . 
  and there would be potential detours on the rail to places like zurich , paris , berlin and athens . 
  it would be so pointless , but it would be awesome . 
  could you think of a way to fit more world class cities and cultures into one tour ? 
  more history , and more amazingness ? 
   carefully selected and vetted germans touch\u00e9 , i had n't thought of this . 
  there 's some very racist things to say about italian engineering here , but i 'm sure people do n't need me to articulate such thoughts for them . 
  that 's a terrible shame . 
  it 's always sad when a train line does n't work properly . 
  it sets such bad precedent for the future , as well as being sad in itself . 
  like when the channel tunnel project failed to recoup its losses which meant that other tunnel projects would n't get built in the near future . 
  i really want a tunnel between ireland and great britain . 
  but alas , it 's proven to be unprofitable because of the chunnel . 
  would n't it also be much cheaper to go by train rather than by plane ? 
  especially if the prices are slashed like the ec is demanding . 
  things i found interesting * the presence of bullet proof glass . 
  i 'm sure it 's quite comment , but it 's still surprising to see merkel , obama , ect standing behind it . 
  * the presence of eu flags and that they were just as common as the german and american ones . 
  i knew eu flags were present at these sorts of things , but damn , there 's just as many as there are german ones . 
  it 's quite an interesting statement , no ? 
  * the number of germans happily waving american flags , despite the fall in popularity , especially including the nsa scandal . 
  as for the speech itself , nothing really of interest . 
  it 's just a show of solidarity that he came to berlin and said some words . 
  so far as i can tell . 
  he 's a good public speaker though . 
  yeah , if you have an american flag around here you 're playing a dangerous game by saying anything critical . 
  i thought you made a good point . 
  a lot of people in the thread you were referencing seemed to be making one rule for americans and another for all other people which just seemed wrong to me . 
  should n't they have still referred to the specific european countries that were involved though ? 
  i mean , this way they 're including a lot of countries in this generalisation that do n't belong , like ukraine and russia . 
  if you 're going to go with the `` people should n't generalise about europe '' then no one should . 
  however , if you were to say it 's ok to generalise europe because , you know , we 're actually a pretty similar bunch of people in a lot of respects , then that would really make this problem go away . 
  i think there is another way of looking at the lack of lunar landings , which is altogether less sad . 
  i think that the lunar landings were premature and that we went before it was best . 
  the space race pushed a lot of innovation , but it also pushed the west a little too far . 
  i mean , there was n't much benefit to going to the moon and the costs are enormous and sending people , there 's just not much point . 
  the thing about the race , was that it pushed us to get accolades , rather than the benefits of those accolades . 
  i think that if we had a space race again , it would be much more civil and much more driven based on the benefits and not pointless militaristic jingoism or nationalism . 
  how seriously do you think people take parties like the british national party ( bnp ) ? 
  did i say such parties do n't exist ? 
  did i say they were not taken seriously ? 
  yes . 
  the bnp and other parties are not taken seriously in europe . 
  for instance , the bnp do n't even have a single seat in the uk government . 
  not a single seat . 
  some places they are taken more seriously , but the only exception to this , i would say , is greece where radical nationalist parties like golden dawn are actually getting seats in the national parliament . 
  if you 're not going to mention the slang for # 50 notes then you might as well not mention them for # 20 because that 's not very common either . 
  i 've certainly never heard it , so it ca n't be omnipresent in the uk, 
  yeah , but i 've always thought that would defeat the point countries put money into the space budget . 
  that reason , imo , to out do each other . 
  i mean , most of the advances in space exploration took place between the usa and the ussr during the cold war . 
  in that period of competition we did so much with regards to space . 
  if the usa and ussr were collaborating , would they have gotten anywhere near enough done ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this is why i 'm hoping that the race will start up again between the usa and china or usa , china , europe , or usa china europe russia and maybe even some others . 
  i hope that each of the players will collaborate here and there to try and get the edge . 
  i also hope that because of this competition , this race , they 'll spend slightly more the 00.5 % . 
  the phrase `` ever closer union '' only appeared in the [ solemn declaration ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solemn_declaration_on_european_union ) of 1983 . 
  so for a start i have to disagree with you on that it `` has always been the goal '' given that the eu was founded in 1957 by the treaty of rome , some time before the 1983 solemn declaration . 
  secondly , i would have to disagree on the ever closer union thing being a synonym for a sovereign state . 
  ever closer union is just too vague to get any meaning from , unless you can find some other information on it . 
  as of right now , that phrase is just a long sentence in a declaration which sort of hints that the people who made the declaration wanted the eu to become more integrated in some indiscriminate way , but that was only one group of people and non of those people are in government now . 
  this makes a lot of sense . 
  i think i 'll adopt this reasoning in future for why i generalise about places . 
  like when i refer to people as scottish instead of glaswegian or something . 
  i know glaswegian is different to other parts of scotland , but the whole of scotland is different relative to where i come from , so i generalise . 
  it makes sense . 
  stop trying to lump yourself in with us , leaching off of our glory . 
  we know who you are . 
  if it 's anything , i lump europe as one thing in the same way i 'd lump the us as one thing , and i include britain when i lump europe as one thing !, 
  if i lived in the country the daily mail describes i 'd have left for the world / r/politics describes . 
  that is not the original intention of the project . 
  the original intention was to make another great war in europe practically impossible by making the central european countries interdependent . 
  this was originally achieved by creating the european coal and steel community which included france , west germany , netherlands , belgium and italy . 
  oh and luxembourg . 
  the rational was that you ca n't have a war if you do n't have coal and steel and you ca n't invade france because france supplies your coal and steel . 
  however , after that project we realised how much benefit there was from cooperation and thus the common market was created allowing free trade between all member states . 
  then the schengen area because free travel between member states seemed like a good idea and ect . 
  there was never any ultimate goal insight . 
  it was just one step at a time and each step having a very specific goal . 
  we want more trade with each other . 
  let 's reduce trade barrier . 
  we want people to be able to move between our countries more easily . 
  common travel area ( schengen ) . 
  these things were not create with the intention of a european state down the road .
