  the european people 's party ( christian conservatives , including the german cdu ) already control the european commission ( junker is a epp man ) and the european council ( tusk is epp ) . 
  schulz is position himself to argue that the epp should n't be able to hold the european parliament as well , and that his party , the socialist and democrats grouping , as the second largest party should have that right , despite them agreeing already that schulz would get the first term as leader and an epp would get the second . 
  the article also brings up some very interesting points about him potentially returning to german domestic politics , and possibly having a run for the chancellorship . 
  that would be very interesting . 
   he even said himself there were still pro-vichy fn members in his party wait , what the actual fuck ? 
  how is that acceptable ? 
  some people in the uk have compared ukip to the nazis but some fn members actually want to return to a time where france was under * nazi * occupation ? 
  that 's not a sentence . 
  a fuck of shit ? 
   i 've been here for only a yea really ? 
  it feels like you 've been here a lot longer . 
  maybe the distinctive flair makes you stand out . 
  although there 's a surprisingly large amount of frislanders given the tiny population ... 
  but egal . 
  what i really want to say : are you sure the content 's actually gone down , or are you just remembering the past fondly ? 
  if you can name specific things which have gotten worse then it not only proves your point , but is also useful for us as moderators to keep an eye out on and find solutions for in future . 
  secondly , which sort of low content do you mean ? 
  lots of people have different views on this and i 'd be interested to know which types of content you have in mind . 
   even the logo is the eu flag i just wan na point out that it 's actually the european flag and represents all of europe , not just the eu . 
  the eu uses the flag , but it 's similar to how england usually uses the british flag , despite it applying to places outside of england too . 
  obviously the england does actually have an alternative it sometimes uses , but you get the idea . 
  i 'm not gon na argue with you on the debate points . 
  they 're only meant as examples , but i still think you 're being ** far ** too simplistic . 
  there is different side to the story . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  i think * you 're * being naive by suggesting that russia is completely wrong and the eu is completely right . 
   russian media is merely a propaganda machine , most people are severely misinformed . 
  do you want to take it upon yourself to educate them ? 
  you think that 'd work ? 
  they 'd say the same thing about ours , and they do have a point . 
  it 's very difficult to get an accurate picture of events using our media , just like it is using theirs . 
  if we discuss things , we can work out where the common ground is , who 's lied where , and what truth there is . 
  just because there is * a lot * of propaganda in russia does n't mean the people are unreasonable . 
  a lot of people here are severely misinformed , but they can still have a reasonable discussion and realise when they 're wrong , even if they do n't admit that they were wrong . 
   ideas palatable to both sides ? 
  russia is leading a war . 
  see points 1 and 2 above . 
  a war which not all russians support . 
  how do you think a peace agreement is ever going to be reached if we do n't sit down and talk about things ? 
  we 're just gon na keep fighting until either russia or the west is destroyed ? 
  that battle has been raging ever since 1945 and there 's no clear winner yet but lots of losers . 
  let 's not make the same mistakes we 've been making for the last century by completely vilifying russia and treating it as some mysterious , incomprehensible `` other '' . 
  we need to treat russians as people who are reasonable and rational , which they are . 
  the only way we 're ever going to come to a real reconciliation with russia is by understanding them which we are never going to do if we just shout them down . 
   your ally is at war with russia and you want to invite them over for tea and discussions . 
  i 'm not suggesting we invite putin here for an ama ( although that would be very interesting ) . 
  i 'm suggesting that we do n't berate any random russian who happens to wonder in here whilst not hating their own country . 
  i 'm gon na play devil 's advocate here and say some of the things russians might tell you , even if i do n't agree with them personally . 
  you * can * be a democrat and support putin . 
  he was democratically elected , as much as the west might dislike that . 
  the elections were overseen by international observers and found to be legitimate and quite well operated . 
  obviously an anti-putin person would then point out that the elections are unfair , despite being conducted fairly , because putin 's political opponents often face serious risks to their lives . 
  so russia is undemocratic , * despite * holding legitimate elections . 
  but as you can see , this debate is already a lot more complicated than you initial made it seem . 
  and if there was a real russian here , or preferably many russians , then they would likely be able to continue this discussion with many more points that i ca n't give you because i am not fully away of this situation there . 
  they could also provide us with other perspectives on ukraine . 
  for people in the european union it often seems like a no brainer that our way is the right way and that putin 's way is * entirely * unjustified , but if you see market liberalisation as a weapon used by the west , which is how russians often see it , then you can start to see how russians may feel very antagonised by the west and that they would be legitimate in protecting their diaspora in ukraine from western influence . 
  obviously i disagree with this , for other complicated reasons , but it would be great to have russians here who could make those points , explain the russian point of view and * maybe * we would be able to develop some ideas which are palatable to both russians and europeans . 
  at the moment there is no option for that , because we refuse to share the same forum by shouting each other down . 
  but it really should n't be . 
  we should be accepting to any russians who do come here and want to discuss things . 
  it 's pretty irritating to see how if any russian comes here with a different perspective they 're basically shouted down for being putler . 
  why do n't we have a conversation instead ? 
  exchange some ideas ... we might learn something . 
  i get angry just reading this , and i 'm not even irish , and it is n't even serious . 
  that 's how annoying this . 
  / u/executivemonkey is too good at this . 
  infuriating / r/europe 's basically your day job . 
  it 's not fair, 
  how large is america : unbelievably large . 
  how diverse is america : two kinds of pizza !, 
  i rest my case . 
  well maybe you could ask them . 
  an impersonal lord just sits in his keep all day minding his own business and sending you passive aggressive letters instead of actually talking to you face to face , the damn coward . 
  i actually think they should move the parliament permanently to strasbourg ... 
  the strasbourg parliament is so much nicer, 
  yeah , it 's sort of bad habit i deliberately learned . 
  i 'm sitting exams in german and so we all learn to use these ridiculously over complicated sentence structures that we 'd never use in real life just to show off to the exams that we can do it . 
  so every marked essay i wrote i would try and get in a * wenn * clause with the full konjunktiv ii and another example of * wenn es nach mir ginge , h\u00e4tte es vermieden werden k\u00f6nnen * ( if it were up to me , it would have been avoided ) . 
  after i sit the exams , i 'll try and drop them . 
  but it 'll take time . 
  we should make a kick starter to be / u/dclauzel a marini\u00e9re !, 
  would you like to name the users that you have had these personal conversations with ? 
  perhaps they could confirm their reasons, 
  ich bedeutete  if one were to say his name , he will appear/would appear . 
  i think we tried , but did n't really get a satisfactory answer . 
  it 's pretty hard to get the admins attention for anything , even being a moderator of one of the 100 largest subs . 
  it 's called the orange book ; reclaiming liberalism . 
  it 's a collection of essays by a bunch of right wing , up and coming liberal democrats which was written in the early 2000s . 
  it 's got a whole load of contributors including vince cable and christ huhne . 
  it was meant as an outline for where liberalism , specifically the lib dems , should go . 
  the answer was basically to become more neo-liberal , favouring small * er * government . 
  still not as neo-liberal as others , but more so than they were . 
  i recommend just reading the section by clegg and avoiding the section by cable . 
  i only read the sections by politicians who actually amounted to something . 
  it 's pretty clear that clegg is just * better * at communicating , where as cable and a lot of the others are awful . 
   lib dem i 'd actually be really surprised if you could find any serious lib dem who is not hugely pro-european by uk standards . 
  i mean , they went so far as to support membership of the euro ( yes , the not the eu , the euro ) well passed the 2005 general election , and i have a book by lib dem leader nick clegg ( i 'm a politics student , not a lib dem fanboy ) where he argues for the creation of a european armed forces and combined foreign policy . 
  i really do n't think there is a eurosceptic voice within the lib dems . 
  they advocate reform of the european union to make it more democratic , but they also advocate reform of the uk to make it more democratic and they 're obviously pretty pro-uk .
