  if you become a member of parliament you have to swear an oath to the queen and to god . 
  sin fein do n't do it on principle because they want to be free from the united kingdom and its monarch . 
  their constituents do n't get much out of them in terms of influence on government legislation , but the mps still do things on a local level : dealing with complaints , petitioning other people , and such like . 
  done . 
  for those that do n't know : the reason having two separate elected chambers is a bad idea is because they both fight each other and claim that they themselves are the legitimate chamber . 
  it ends with gricklock and government shut down like happened in the us a year or two ago . 
  it also stops budgets from being passed . 
  house of lords can be overruled simply by waiting a year and passing the legislation again . 
  if we made it elected we would n't be able to do that anymore . 
  at the moment the house of lords is just filled with experts who can give real insight into complex issues , as opposed to the 650 mps in the house of commons , most of whom have degrees from oxford and cambridge in history and worked in the press and as parliamentary advisers . 
  they do n't campaign on privatisation . 
  they campaign on austerity because they believe it 's necessary to avoid a debt crisis and default . 
  it amounts to the same thing , but the reasoning is fundamentally different . 
  oops !, 
  editting now, 
  labour do n't want it , but they all want a conservative dominated government even less . 
  most of those parties mentioned would do almost anything to keep the tories out . 
  remember the 5 way election ? 
  it was basically an hour long debate about who could hate the tories more ( + plus nigel farage ) . 
  i keep here to drink tea and report on the election , and i finished my tea * . 
  ^ ( ** this * cup of tea . 
  i have a near endless supply which can last me the night ), 
  i 'm honestly crying . 
  at the moment the only coalition i can see is a coalition bewteen conservatives , the democratic unionist party ( which is baically like a northern irish version of ukip on stilts that the rest of the uk likes to pretend does n't exist ) , and ukip . 
  otoh , if the polls are * slightly * wrong , then it could very quickly become a progressive alliance of labour , lib dems , snp , plaid cymru , the greens and the irish social democratic party . 
  can someone translate this ? 
  we 'd had two amas with former mep jens-peter bonde too , most recently when jean claude juncker was appointed in november 2014 ( iirc ) . 
  ^ ( if you know of any other persons of interest who may be open to doing amas , do n't forget to say so ), 
  it 's definitely staffed by interns . 
  i sent them a friendly message as a fellow moderator and told them we 'd help out if they needed anything , and the one guy who 's active suggested we get coffee and chat about it ( unfortunately had to decline because non of us live near brussels ) . 
  it 's not exactly what people who are over burdened with work or responsibility do . 
  was very cool of them though . 
  that 's not how it works in russia today . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  everybody knows that political activists get shot in the streets , not sent to gulags . 
  i do n't think the picture is from russia , it 's from soviet times . 
  gorbachev tried a bunch of campaigns to lower alcohol consumption and other internal ussr problems before finally instigating glasnost and perestroika , which made the country more open and eventually led to the disintegration of the ussr . 
  iirc the rate of alcoholism in the ussr did n't change much before or after the campaign . 
  i see !, 
  it makes more sense now  seems strange to break up the intelligence services between domestic and foreign surveillance though . 
  i mean , it 's not like terrorists will stop as soon as they get to the border so that they can verify with the intelligence services that they are in fact the same radical extremist as before and to ensure that the intelligence agencies continue to keep an eye on them . 
  computers do n't really care either . 
  it 's just as easy to spy on someone abroad as it is at home . 
  i thought that was the bundesnachrichtendienst ( bnd ) ( federal intelligence service ) which was part of the kanzler [ in ? ], 
  amt ( chancellor 's office ) ? 
  the bundesamt f\u00fcr verfassungschutz is just the office for the protection of the constitution , is n't it ? 
  i do n't think i 've read any book novel which is set in my country in this time period . 
  lord of the flies for [ circa 2011 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) . 
  nine-teen eighty-four for c. 2084 . 
  [ house of cards ] ( http://goo.gl/slz0gn ) c. 1984 . 
  game of thrones for c. 1400 ( minus the dragons ) . 
   however i also agree that if the name is europe , not european union , this subreddit should equally cover all nations on the european continent and not use europe as a synonym for the eu . 
  i totally agree and that is what this sub does !, 
  there 's two sides to this subreddit in terms of content : cultural topics ( usually in the form of self posts , which have been lagging in the past few months ) and news . 
  as far as news is concerned , we aim for news which is relevant for as many europeans as possible . 
  so we focus on international , but intra-europe news . 
  the thing is , this very naturally leads to a lot more eu stories because the eu plays such a large role in all of europe . 
  it 'd be liked having a called / r/northamerica . 
  the content would naturally focus on the news in the usa because the usa has so many more north americans in it ( more than half the population of north america lives in the usa ) and because decisions taken in the usa have a huge impact on the politics of other north american countries , like canada , cuba and mexico . 
  it 's the same way the eu 's association agreements with balkan states like bosnia and albania have a huge impact on the population of those states , despite those states not being eu members , and of course there 's also the russia sanctions which rocked the entirety of russia as well as the eu . 
  i think the ukraine crisis is an excellent example of huge european news that prospers on this sub . 
  it happens outside of the eu , but we naturally focus on russia and the european union ( especially the key eu players like germany ) because those are the ones who have the power and influence to effect change in the region . 
  so , just to round off , the reason this sub focuses so much on the european union in its telling of the european story , is because the story of the eu and the story of modern europe are deeply intertwined . 
  it would be impossible to understand what is going on in europe today unless we understand the european union . 
  this has been delisted because it does n't relate to europe, 
  yeah . 
  i would say the language was difficult . 
  not the most difficult . 
  there was no real slang used apart from a couple of examples ( e.g. 
  trabbi which is an abbreviation for the cars the east german 's drove ) , and there were no difficult accents ( no austrians or bavarians randomly appearing to give you headaches ) . 
  the main character is also a narrating , and largely narrates what you 've already seen happen but with a bit more reflection . 
  it means you can pick up things you might have missed . 
  but apart from that , there 's nothing to really help you . 
  they do n't use overly complex grammar , but it 's not simple either . 
  nor is the vocabulary . 
  i think if you want to really understand what 's going on in the story , as a foreign speaker , you have to watch it twice . 
  it 's too difficult to piece together the history and follow the language and the story all at once . 
  non of these things are difficult alone , but all three is overwhelming . 
  i also love the film . 
  one of my favourites . 
  would definitely recommend , even for those not studying german, 
  because alde are tiny . 
  it 'd be like letting the greens do it . 
  in fact , i think the greens in the europarliament are actually slightly larger than alde, 
  question : how accurate are the films * das wunder von bern * / the miracle of bern ( the one about winning the world cup and the start of the german economic miracle ) and the film goodbye lenin . 
  in my german courses they were routed as extremely true to life representations and the library had a million copies of them and almost no other german film ( apart from one copy of downfall/die untergang and one of the lives of others/leben den anderen ) . 
  but i was never sure whether to take them seriously on it because they 're ... well did n't seem super top notch . 
  almost every shot in those movies feels like it 's been filmed around the corner from me , no matter where i am in the uk . 
  the shopping centres , the houses , the pubs are all exactly like the real ones and they feel like the real ones . 
  it all has this really small feeling which is shockingly accurate . 
  it 's like saying `` lets negotiate who will do what in this fist fight we 're having * right now * '', 
  / u/ayatollahkhamenei was actually on our list of maybes , but he turned it down , unfortunately . 
  consensual sex : the best kind of sex !, 
  yeah i think it would be pretty reckless of him to run as a candidate right now . 
  i mean , we 're still in the wake of an election where merkel got so many votes the cdu was almost able to govern * alone * which would have been pretty shocking . 
  but we could wait and see . 
  merkel wo n't be around forever and the cdu will have very different electoral fortunes when she eventually goes . 
  i could see schultz manoeuvring his way into national politics , waiting for a crisis that will unseat merkel ( or a health crisis , as happened to british prime minister harold wilson ) , and then running . 
  any thing schulz does regarding national politics is going to be very long term . 
  the thrust of the article is that he is positioning himself to extent his 2.5 year term as president of the european parliament to get the * other * 2.5 years as well .
