  in these countries , the central government can act unilaterally ( by itself ) to influence change on any other part of their country , even parts of the country which have their own forms of elected government . 
  for instance , recently ( last year ? ), 
  france completely re-organised its counties , despite counties having their own sets of powers . 
  the french central government had no need to consult the counties on this and just went straight a head . 
  likewise , in the uk we have various devolved administrations like the northern irish , welsh and london assemblies , but most notably the scottish parliament . 
  the uk parliament has always had the right and will continue for the foreseeable future to have the right to overrule any decision made by these assemblies , because they are a unitary state where the central government is supreme . 
  unlike a federal system where the central government and regional governments would have to co-operate . 
  frenchman ( pronounced frenchm ` n ) or franc ( pronounced frank ) . 
  denonyms ( words for people from specific countries ) are a bottomless minefield of exceptions in the english languages . 
  there 's many sausages in the uk which ca n't be legally called sausages because they contain so little meat , and the meat they do contain is mostly gristle . 
  they have to be called `` bangers '' instead . 
  i think fewer checks and balances would be the main thing that other commenters have n't mentionee yet . 
  the point of the checks and balances the founding fathers produced was to ensure limited government . 
  obviously you do n't want a tyrannical government that abuses the public , but that 's not the same as having a small government . 
  there 's many areas where we should n't need such strong levels of oversight , because decisions just need to be made . 
  the fiasco with the u.s. budget last year with obama and also under the clinton administration is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  that stuff should n't be allowed, 
  i think it 's actuall ` briton ' as a noun ( not to be confused with britain ) . 
  brit always sounds super casual to me , whilst `` as a briton '' sounds more proper, 
  and satisfied . 
  i do n't care what i look like , it 's you who has to look at me, 
  people keep going on and on about a federal europe , and it is a good idea , it 's just not a good idea in itself . 
  it 's only good because of what it would allow us to achieve . 
  we should continue integrating democratically , but i do n't care if it takes a federal or confederal or some other form , so long as it works . 
  we need further integration in the areas of foreign policy , research , defence and economics , and a federalism is certainly one route to that amongst many, 
  both your submissions have been delisted under rules 2.5 and 2.6, 
  this has been delisted for editorialising . 
  it 's pretty clear greekreporter.com has tried to make clear that this is an alleged proposal , but the current title states it as fact which is inaccurate . 
  you can resubmit with an uneditorialised title . 
  i think you 've got quite a restrictive view of how much treaty change is possible . 
  treaty change has been done before and it will likely continue to be so . 
  perhaps not quite so much as before because of the referendum clauses in many eu countries , but the referendum clauses usually only apply if a * significant * shift in powers is taking place , which a slight altering of the language in the treaty for * one * member state is likely to be fine . 
  remember that most eu decisions are in fact reached with a consensus . 
  i mean , 26 of the 28 member states agreed to making juncker the commission president , despite it being one of the most controversial decisions eu leaders can make , and that 's just the most recent and high profile example i can think of . 
  every previous appointment of a commission president has been unanimous , and so has the ascension of new member states . 
  this is actually one of the areas i recon cameron will have most success with , because it 's vague and has no real meaning . 
  the eu can just give it to him and he can go back to the uk saying he got great reforms , despite not getting any of the real reforms he wanted , such as limits on immigration and workers rights , which the eu really do n't want to give him . 
  juncker , merkel and hollande have said many times that they are willing to make some compromises to keep britain in . 
  this is hardly even a compromise . 
  i think you 're taking realistic to ultra high levels . 
  op 's not talking about reforms that are so realistic they should already be doing them , they just mean do n't completely divorce it from reality . 
  if it 's something that has a chance to * maybe * happen in the next 70 years ( bearing in mind the eu did n't exist 70 years ago ) then ( at least from my point of view ) that 's realistic enough for the thread . 
  i do n't see why we actually need pan european parties with europe wide manifestos . 
  obviously i would like that , because it means we could work to more common goals , but it 's not really necessary . 
  i mean , many ideal forms of democracy do n't have any parties at all , and instead have a series of independent candidates in every constituency . 
  that 's sort of what we have at the moment , only the countries are the constituencies and they each elect many members . 
  the fact we have different parties in every country means that the eu democracy is a actually more responsive to the wishes of its local electorate , where as if there were a series if purely pan european parties they would n't be able to respond to local grievances effectively . 
  obviously it 's not all perfect ; the low turnout , lack of media coverage , etc is troubling . 
  however it 's not worthy to condemn it . 
  naturally as the eu 's role in our lives increases , it will garner more media attention . 
  i reckon this has already been happening and you can sort of see it in the voter turnout . 
  voter turnout in eu elections has been dropping , but it 's been dropped slower than the rate for other elections , which is good . 
  and i highly expect that one day soon we 'll see voted turnout rise as it should , in line with the high levels of reporting that the newspapers make of the eu in recent years , but they will continue to run elections as national parties because that 's fundamentally a good system, 
  the rules in editorialisation are cleary visible if you look in the link in the side bar which clearly goes to our rules . 
  i understand that you may be upset but we 're only trying to ensure standards . 
  being sassy will get you nowhere . 
  why does everybody keep talking about a directly elected commission ? 
  we already have a directly elected commission in a very similar way to how ordinary parliamentary democracies do . 
  we vote for euro parties who all campaign on getting a specific person elected to office . 
  you then elect an mep who is pledge bound to appoint the leader . 
  the only difference between this and the uk system or german system ( and by extension all the other european systems which are very similar ) is that the commission president is n't a directly elected member of parliament themself , but that does n't really make much of a difference and is even quite positive because making somebody have a big governmental job * and * raise local issues of their constituents is just ineffective . 
  their constituents will either get badly represented or the mep wo n't be able to do their government job effectively . 
  so it makes more sense to do it this way . 
  tl ; dr : the european commission is actually incredibly democratic . 
  this has been delisted for editorialising, 
  you 're of course right . 
  i was getting the union of crowns and the acts of union confused, 
  well no , because we can choose to keep them in an asylum centre ( what do we even call them in english ? 
  '' * asylanlagen * '' ) until we decide whether their claim is legitimate or not . 
  it 's just that in practice the british largely choose not to in order to releave strain on our asylum centres and because our asylum centres are bloody awful and it 's not very nice to keep people in their for months or potentially years on end . 
  this has been delisted under rule 2.5 . 
  a million is probably a low estimate . 
  there 'd a bunch of different ones for the uk as a single , unified entity but each of the four constituent countries all of their own histories with their own ` most important moment ' . 
  for instance i reckon the most important thing in english history is the break with rome , but i have no idea if there 's an equivalent to that in scottish.history . 
  yeah but not every country was magiced out of thin on air one random day . 
  they all have histories going back before independence ( apart from belgium , who do n't real / s ) . 
  like the uk was technically created with the act of union between scotland and england in the early eighteenth century , but it 's probably not the most important moment in our history . 
  i 'd say that was possibly the industrial revolution or for england it was the break with rome under king henry viii . 
  or maybe it was world war two because that was the event which caused the decline of the british empire and created the circumstances of today . 
  how would you have done it ? 
  put the stars in the middle of the flag ? 
  give it a little corner field , like a british overseas territory ? 
  hi would you mind if i asked what country you live in or where you come form ? 
  do you have any experience as a moderator in or outside reddit ? 
  if you would n't mind me asking , where abouts do you come from/do you live ? 
  phone service provider with your username on a piece of paper next to it in the same picture sounds best . 
  like i say , you can pm it or comment . 
  whichever is most comfortable . 
  i 've delisted this thread . 
  could you pm either myself or / r/europe ( write / r/europe in the address field of a private message ) with some identifiable saudi arabian document ( or even landmark , you can be creative ) and your username + the date . 
  i 'll re-list the thread as soon as this . 
  i would n't call them gullible idiots . 
  it 's just plain psychology . 
  thinking fast and slow by kahneman has a great example to demonstrate this . 
  if you said to people that if they smoke over a period of ten years you will increase your risk of death to the point where there is a 99 % chance that you will contract inoperable lung cancer , they will quite likely continue to smoke as they were doing . 
  however , if you tell them that if they smoke for ten years , that the first cigerate they smoke on that tenth year has a 99 % chance of blowing their head off , then they will quite likely give up their smoking habits . 
  as he should have . 
  he would shave been tortured if he had stayed . 
  sure , he is an evil person , but that does n't mean he should have his human rights violated . 
  we do n't call them human rights because we can take them away or ignore them whenever we feel like it .
