  maybe somebody else can ? 
  i do n't think you would have yawned at them . 
  it takes a * really * bad teacher to make entry level philosophy boring . 
  it can get really really complicated and frustrating very quickly , but if it 's done from a discussion perspective it 's hard to make boring . 
  i mean , it 's about fundamental things that it 's hard not to be interested in like `` what is morality '' `` are tables real ? '', 
  `` do i have free will ? '', 
  it 's hard to make such questions boring imho, 
  is there anyway we could get to see the extracts which they used ? 
  how long are they typically ? 
  this is interesting . 
  in the uk you can ( so far as i know ) only * really * do philosophy on the last two years of schooling before universith ( a-levels ) , although you have to do re ( religious education ) all throughout school which includes many moral questions . 
  it looks like the a-level ( which i did ) touches on basically all the same aspects of the mandatory french one . 
  for instance , there 's a question about the organic society vs. invidualist society associated with thinkers like burke , and locke ( it 's basically * the * defining argument between liberals and conservatives ) . 
  there 's also a question of morality which essentially looks like a utilitarianism vs. kantianism question ( should we follow a strict set of rules or does the result of our actions determine morality ) and there 's even a question on determinism ( `` are we a product of our past '' / do we have free will ? ) . 
  the only thing we never did was all of the art questions which came up in the french exam . 
  it 's interesting that this seems to have such a big emphasis in the french one , but non in the uk . 
  although in the uk we did questions on epitsimoloy ( can you prove that anything exists ? ), 
  so it swings in roundabouts . 
  edit : [ here 's what the actual philosophy papers from 2014 looked like ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tsgfs ) there 's also a unit called `` ideologies '' which is part of the government and politics paper which asks you to evaluate the ideologies underlying various political parties and political movements , and [ these were the ideologies question from last year ] ( http://imgur.com/3q1zizg ), 
  this submission has been removed for editorialising . 
  it is against the rules and has been removed . 
  yeah but the economist youtube channel ist for magazine typed content that the economist does . 
  it 's for pretty ordinary economist content that 's youtubed . 
  so the `` magazine '' refers to a description of the economist generally , rather than the youtube channel specifically . 
  relisted . 
  thanks, 
  delisted . 
  please provide a source, 
  they seem to be confused about that too : their youtube channel refers to themselves as `` the economist magazine '', 
  this has been removed , as i told you already in my mod message that you needed a source . 
  you have n't provided a source . 
  well there also / r/mbundestag for certain topics , 
  sorry but this has been delisted under rules 2.5 . 
  maybe / r/funny would appreciate it , or / r/france, 
  yes . 
  this is very important . 
  the two major origin points for asylum applicants to europe is from syria ( obviously ) and ** eritrea ** . 
  there is no war in eritrea . 
  but it has one of the worst human rights records * in the world * . 
  it is considered on par , or worse than , north korea . 
  most of the people fleeing eritrea are legitimate refugees , despite there being no war in this country, 
  to be fair , they 're not exactly unifying , considering that now there 's three different distinct anti-eu blocs ( although they 're still all tiny in comparison to the entire rest of the parliament , which is pro eu ) . 
  there 's the conservative and reformists bloc , led by the british conservatives . 
  there 's the europe of freedom and direct democracy , led by ukip with a lot of five star movement meps from italy . 
  and now there 's the europe of democracy and nations party , headed by marine le pen and the front national, 
  there 's also the european youth parliament http://eyp.org, 
  it 's a random youtube video of a random event recorded on a smartphone with contextual information whatsoever . 
  this has been removed under rules 2.5 . 
  this has been removed because it is not about europe, 
  i feel as though i 'm missing out on some content here ... 
  yeah , but you can also see from that introduction that there 's multiple competing definitions . 
  you can use a specific definition if you want to , but that 's not how the word is used in practice . 
  in practice people as wide as karl marx and tony blair have been described by themselves and by others as socialists . 
  i prefer to go with the term which is broadest , because a term is only useful if it encompasses all the different ways people use the term . 
  i mean , that 's what determines if something is a word or not : the way people use it . 
  that i am an excellent spin doctor ? 
  you just need to comment it as a top level comment when you make the post ( or any time after , or when a mod comes to tell you you need to post a source ) . 
  so this is good and i 'll realist your submission, 
  those are my politics text books . 
  they say that : that socialism is a very vague term that can generally be describe as a commitment to social justice and greater equality . 
  obviously there are sub sets of socialism , such as communism and social democracy , which have a distinct character from the rest of socialism , but they 're still part of the socialist ideology . 
  there 's other movements within socialism which appear to have the mantra of a more `` pure '' socialist movement because they prescribe more to the fundamentalist traditions , usually revolutionary/scientific socialism and democratic socialism , but they 're just as much socialism as communism and social democracy are , just with less creative names . 
  that 's what my michael heywood and ocr text books have both said . 
   * do you mean that i talk with logic and rationality ? 
  yeah but the actual definition of socialism is * really * broad . 
  like i said in another comment , it 's * can * be defined basically as `` social justice '' and `` more equality '' but those terms themselves are extremely vague . 
  that 's certainly one of the things we want to be rolled out when we add the flairs ( in about a week ) . 
  for a long time we had a filter for the ukraine war because it was dominating the subreddit to such an extent that nothing else was getting air time . 
  it feels like that 's how it is with immigration at the moment , so we 'll probably provide this voluntary option . 
  ( shhhhhhhhh , they do n't need to know that !, 
  i 'm trying to win votes from the left and right here ) -- but you do get parties like the french socialist party which have basically the same policies as the british labour party and the german social democratic party , but call themselves socialists . 
  also , tony blair , the most right wing british labour party leader * ever * described himself as a socialist . 
  * hehehehe * -- * but the spd has many of the same policies as the \u00d6pd !, 
  we also want austria and german to be together once more , but through european integration . 
  the dach already leads europe . 
  why are we supposed to give up that power simply so austria can have bavarian , when together we can rule the whole world !, 
  * hehehehe, 
  eh , i would n't say it 's that simple . 
  i think socialism is about equality and ` social justice ' rather than simply anti-capitalism ( although socialism does have a lot of historic ties to the destruction of capitalism ) . 
  for instance , social democrats describe themselves as socialists because they believe that equality and social justice can be achieved by working with the markets , through regulation , redistributive taxation and occasionally nationalisation . 
  they 're still trying to achieve the same thing , but they 're trying to do it through different means . 
  i also would n't describe anarchists as socialists . 
  some of them sort of are socialists , but you also get anarcho-capitalists , which is n't * really * socialism . 
  i 'm not a big user of / r/mhoc but the difference between socialists and communists in real life is that socialists generally want a big an usually centrally planned state ( dirigiste state ) , which ensures absolute equality or near absolute equality . 
  also , sometimes people call themselves socialists whilst actually begin social democrats who are basically want a compromise with capitalism ( instead of replacing capitalism entirely , which is what socialism was originally intended to do ) . 
  i 'm not sure which the / r/mhoc ones are . 
  communists , meanwhile , want to create a socialist state in order to abolition the concept of class ( which is a form of false consciousness that stops us from being truly equal ) and then let the state `` wither away '' and leave a perfect , equalitarian and free society behind ( a bit like anarchism ) . 
  this has been removed until a source is provided . 
  better to vote sozialidemokrat than risk letting a die linke be in charge  who knows what sort of a mess those guys would create !, 
  that 's not actually too dissimilar to what the actual make up of the / r/mhoc is like the government is 13 greens 13 communists 11 labour 9 socialists and 1 independent whilst the opposition is 17 conservatives 14 ukip members/kippers 11 liberal democrats and the `` other opposition '' is 7 vanguard ( which is some sort of fascist party ) and 4 scottish national party, 
  do n't forget to vote in the upcoming / r/mbundestag ( model german parliament ) elections on 21 of june to 28th !, 
  especially if you 're planning on voting left of centre  -- * wahl spd weil sie das herz und das gehirn haben *, 
  yeah but the idea behind removing one and two cent coins is that they 're now worth so little that nobody uses them , because their value is insignificant ( when was the last time you used a one cent coin ? ) . 
  i do n't mind paying an extra penny on all of my transactions because even if i make 100 transactions , that 's still only # 1 . 
  how much is never having ordeal with one pence coins worth to me ? 
  far more than 1p per transaction . 
  those things are a dead wait which only serves to damage my wallet and fill up glass jars in my house which are repositories of disease . 
  delisted until a source is provided for the image . 
   economic migrants no they 're fucking not . 
  [ here 's a comment i made about this months ago with lots of sources etc ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33cv92/if_you_want_to_stop_migrants_crossing_the/cqjutt8 ),
