  maybe try modmail, 
  essentially yeah . 
  the usa is known to have had invasion plans for canada at least until the 60s . 
  and there 's no evidence to suggest they do n't currently have invasion plans either . 
  i do n't think anybody , even in the 60s , honestly expects those two countries to go to war . 
  the generals are just making sure they 're prepared for everything . 
  it 's only when they start doing training exercises with these plans that it starts to really matter . 
  right after cuba had a revolution and changed from being a pro west dictatorship to a pro communist one the usa started a training operation which simulated the complete take over of an allegedly ` unspecified ' caribbean island . 
  right after this the bay of pigs invasion took place . 
  iirc something similar happened with the russian army before the the totally-not-an-invasion of east ukraine , but i do n't know the details, 
  this is actually a pretty popular point of view in british history classes for how the soviet union asserted control of eastern europe after the second world war . 
  i ca n't remember what happened in which country , but iirc soviet aligned communist parties did participate in elections in most e-european countries in order to get positions the police and ministries of intelligence which they then used to bring down their political opponents . 
  the point of this was to appease the usa 's wishes made clear at yalta and potsdam that the east should have democratic elections . 
  by the time the ussr had captured most of the continent , it could use the red army openly , like it did in romania to directly force the king to appoint an all communist government . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how much all of this applies to poland , but it seems to be a very credible theory for how the ussr assumed control of eastern europe more generally, 
  hartlepool is definitely a real place . 
  it elected a monkey as its mayor , twice . 
  list of english language news sources in t be side bar http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/news_sources, 
  well , they earn over # 20 billion a year in turnover which is more than the gdp of iceland . 
  so people are spending more than the entire economy of iceland on jaguar every year . 
  so it 's actually doing pretty well sources https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-32884311, 
  more convenient , but less clear , because it 's the same name for the island of ireland , and if something is vague/unclear then it 's useless , so all these other derivatives like irish republic become both convenient and more useful, 
  a term which was originally invented to serve that function , but now merely serves to succinctly describe the set of islands off the coast of france . 
  whenever i or any british person uses the term , they 're not subtly trying to assert british control over ireland . 
  the borders have been agreed upon , and territorial claims relinquished by both sides . 
  it 's only an offensive term if you choose to be offended by it , seeing as no malice is intended by it . 
  until a better way of describing these isles comes up i 'm sticking with british isles . 
  yeah , and the name of the uk is the united kingdom of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland , but it 'd be pretty unreasonable if one of expected people to actually say that every single time , or even the full initialism ( ukeswni ) . 
  laws ca n't control how people speak , however much you might want them to . 
  language will evolve as is convenient . 
   but whatever you do , do n't refer to us as being in the british isles . 
  what else are we supposed to call it ? 
  it 's an extremely useful term, 
  pretty sure `` some '' is a plural, 
  you could send us a private message if you have a problem or query , you know ? 
  it 's much more likely to get our attention much faster, 
  ahh the frank underwood lookalike has finally assumed control, 
  hmmm , i 'd say that you should include them in the european green party , rather than pes . 
  there 's a reason that the snp and plaid cymru chose to be a member of that group rather than pes . 
  i mean , yes , snp and plaid have a lot of social democratic principles , but the green movement generally has a lot of social democratic principles ( e.g. 
  they want to limit inequality , and in the uk they want to nationalise a lot of industries ) , and the snp and plaid have a lot of things in common with the green movement that they do n't have in common with the social democratic movement ( e.g. 
  renewable energy ) . 
  basically , if a party is a member of a euro-group , then you should put them in that euro-group 's part of the graph . 
  if you make exceptions for certain areas then the whole graph just becomes meaningless . 
  waitm so , where did you actually put them on this graph ? 
  i 'm assuming you used data from before the uk 2015 general election because the snp and plaid cymru do n't seem to be represented at all here . 
  personally , if i were you , i 'd rank them from left to right , but ignore alde all together . 
  so what you do is add all of the left parties together ( everything from pes leftwards ) and then add all the right wing parties together ( everything form the epp rightwards ) and see which of those two groups has the largest overall number . 
  immigration topics should go in the immigration megathread at the top of the subreddit, 
  i thought it was funny that during the olympics british fan would cheer the irish if there was no british team participating , but the irish would boo the british in basically all scenarios . 
  sums up the relationship , somewhat, 
   and what does `` better '' mean here , according to what metric better , as in all the things which indicate the social well being of an individual , which are  teen pregnancy , alcoholism , violent crime , depression , stress , academic attainment ( with children ) , and a variety of other social factors -  what evidence ? 
  the best collection of evidence is in the book the spirit level , but most of it that evidence can be found on [ this web page ] ( https://www.equalitytrust.org.uk/resources/the-spirit-level ) . 
  it includes comparative data for every social indicator that i 've just mentioned , plus more , and compares it across all the oecd countries . 
  well , what direction the people decide to lead their countries in is entirely up to them . 
  basically all of the western/oecd countries are democracies and many of them have taken extremely varying paths ( scandinavia have voted for heavy wealth redistribution , where as the uk and usa have voted for governments that are `` intensely relaxed '' about inequality ) . 
  the science of voting behaviour is a pretty long and interesting subject , but the credibility of an economic argument is only one very small factor in a sea of other ( arguably more important ) factors . 
  but as it stands , the evidence suggests that , so long as everybody 's income stays above about # 20,000 a year , then it would be better for the bottom ten percent of society to vote for a drop of their incomes by ten percent if the top ten percent had a 20 % drop , ( and conversely , it would be better for the top ten percent to vote for a ten percent drop in their own incomes ) . 
  good comment . 
  it 's very useful to point out overall living standards , and how this differs to income inequality . 
  however , there 's a great deal of evidenced which has been gathered ( the [ equality trust ] ( https://www.equalitytrust.org.uk/about-inequality/scale-and-trends ) is a major organisation which tries to collect and distribute this evidence ) that demonstrates that the most important thing for determining somebody 's quality of life is not how simply the things ( consumer products , services , housing , etc ) they have access to and can afford , but their access to them and ability to afford them * relative to everybody else in society * . 
  so , it 's not people 's overall economic situation that matters , but where their position within society is . 
  what all of this leads to , is the idea of * relative poverty . 
  * the theory goes that once an individual 's income exceeds about # 20,000 per year , then they are free from absolute poverty , which is the case for almost all people in almost all western countries , then the only way to truly increase social well-being within society/a country is to reduce the levels of inequality to ensure that * relative * poverty is abolished . 
  the only way to abolish relative poverty is to reduce income inequality overall . 
  however , the evidence does n't only point to the fact that more equal societies are better for the poorest in society ( that much is obvious ) but also that the living conditions of the richest in society improve too . 
  the statistics on teen pregnancy , alcoholism , violent crime , depression , stress , academic attainment ( with children ) , and a variety of other social factors are significantly better for more equal countries in both the top ten percent and the bottom ten percent of earnings in comparison to the top ten and bottom ten percentiles of society in more equal countries . 
  so abolishing relative poverty at the bottom of society leads to advantages for those at the top of societies . 
  it also does n't matter how this equality is achieved . 
  the scandinavian countries tend to do it through income redistribution ( i.e. 
  taxing the richest and giving it to the poorest ) but even countries like japan , where wages tend to naturally be more equal without redistributive taxation , benefit from the greater equality . 
  you 've got to remember that uk people are some of the least likely to describe themselves or identify as `` european '' . 
  to many , somebody from the far flung reaches of europe is just as foreign as somebody from nearby in africa or in the british ex-colonies like india . 
  but what i do n't understand is why davutoglu is so obedient . 
  i mean , the man is a prime minister . 
  one does n't rise so high unless they are ambitious . 
  but how can somebody rise so high and yet be so obedient . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  as an atheist , i do just want to throw religion a bone here . 
  i think * people * hold back society , and they often * use * religion for that end . 
  the people who use religion to hold back equal rights movements would try and stop equal rights even if there was no religion . 
  likewise , religions * can * be a force for good . 
  most contributions to western thought and science during the dark ages was carried out by monks . 
  we owe our scientific advancement to them . 
  but it 's because they were good people and they used their religion to good ends . 
  it 's not like atheism = good and religion = bad . 
  you can have good devout christians and muslims whilst having bad atheists and agnostics . 
  goodness/badness and religion just are n't connected . 
  it 's what you do with them that counts, 
  i do n't think there 's anybody who is n't unhappy about this . 
  apart from the bulgarians , who are just happy to be included ( even if it is just because the producers meant to put the italian flag on ), 
  that actually looks really nice . 
  i 'd go there if there was one in my city, 
  i 've heard this before , about erdogan still effectively exercising power , but how does he actually do that when that other guy ( devolgu ? ), 
  is prime minister ? 
   democratically elected president accountable to the parliament . 
  -  president ? 
  never . 
  we already have a [ democratically elected ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_the_european_commission#spitzenkandidaten ) european president . 
  it 's the president of the european commission , currently jean-claude juncker .
