  part of the idea is that we 'll provide a bunch of flairs , familiarise users with them somewhat ( like is happening now , simply by the process of them being there ) and eventually users who submit posts will be able to set their * own * flair . 
  so the submitter ( who has presumably read the article ) will be able to give insight into precisely what the post is about ( for instance , if it 's an opinion piece or a news piece ) . 
   you just ca n't translate `` oh you '' . 
  do n't tempt him !, 
  he 'll find a way , and he 'll make you look a fool, 
   current header of / r/europe as far as i know there 's no meaning behind it . 
  and it 's just there because it looks nice , whilst also being sort of europeanish ( because it 's a map of europe ) . 
  if there 's something you can think of which both looks * nicer * and is more informative , then we 'd love to see it . 
   ) -- hello , i have n't considered very much about this topic and therefore i think that two opinions are very advantageous . 
  [ in this piece , i 'm exploring the two opinions , and my german abilities ^ :p ] . 
  the first is your opinion of the announcements , that the moderators should make a post , when we change small things . 
  on the other hand i think that when we post nothing about trivial things , the users will be reassured , that they should post about this topic . 
  it reminds the users that they should question us , and that they should post . 
  hopefully it will lead positive posts that the mods would n't have written . 
  when moderators only post about important topics it leads to a more engaged atmosphere . 
  additionally it is very beneficial for users , not moderators , to produce such metathreads , because the users can set the tone . 
  this thread is more negative than i hat expected . 
  additionally once more we are trying to discover the mood and the opinions of the subreddit . 
  when we the write the original thread we ca n't see if the subreddit thinks that it makes no difference or not . 
  if we were to make a mod post then we would only see comments that are interested although if no threads were produced would be able to see that that there is really no interest . 
  this has been removed for editorialising . 
  please look at our rules linked in the sidebar . 
  just like to make it clear that the fact is it a work in progress means that we want to see discussion of it . 
  we 'll be watching all the comments !, 
  it 's because there an established group of muslims in europe . 
  it makes a lot of people go * ermagerd , der merslums ar invardin * . 
  also , because the serbian minorities in b&h are so against the bosniak muslims , it creates a common cause which far right serbians and ordinary islamaphobes from all over europe can agree on . 
  like a huge hatred cocktail . 
  i think it might be partly to do with the fact you use an italian flag . 
  there 's always a few users who 'll make assumptions about you based on your flair . 
  fortunately italy does n't have any bad stereotypes atm, 
  mod here this has been delisted under rules 2.5 . 
  and 2.6 . 
  oh i forgot there 's also a few images of the concentration camps . 
  hmm , i do n't know , i think it 's useful to see these images . 
  it 's kind of good to actually * see * the horror that 's happened there . 
  it 's very easy to get into your bubble and pretend that everything 's ok , but seeing things like this reminds you that protecting each other , and caring about each other ( whether that 's across borders or not ) is something that we actively need to do . 
  that 's just my penny for your thoughts . 
  basically : bosnians and croats being massacred by serbians . 
  it 's mostly the aftermath and it 's mostly civilian casualties by the looks of it . 
  it 's extremely bloody and in some parts gory . 
  basic grasp here , but i think most english people think that the balkans are too small and too far away for us to be expected to know about it . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with it ( i can describe where each balkan country is in relation to each other , and usually name their capitals ) but that is the impression i get here . 
  again , many brits see their relationship with europe as quite loose , so the requirement to know the geography is more limited too . 
  i give it about fifteen minutes . 
  i mean , a thread on gypsies/mediterranean boats/russia-ukraine * must * be working it 's way up the front page as we speak . 
  * tune in next week when vladimir putin , george w. bush and ayatollah khomeini are added to the mod team * in my mind , it 's like an episode of friends where barack obama walks in and asks khomeini where that special chocolate cake he bought yesterday has gone to , and then putin walks around the corner with chocolate all over his voice and a bottle of vodka in his hand , and then a laugh track plays . 
  then all the rest of us mods turn to the camera and [ do this expression ] ( https://img0.etsystatic.com/008/0/6193655/il_340x270.364712686_ky9o.jpg ) . 
  heh , that 's interesting . 
  in the uk it 's just expected that nobody really knows where serbia and bosnia are , whether they speak foreign languages or not . 
  dclauzel is one of the new moderators who was recently added . 
  it was moderators like myself who chose crnaruka and dclauzel to become new moderators . 
  i felt at the time that my ( and others ) back ground checks were strong enough , but evidently that was not the case . 
   is the drama over ? 
  i bloody-well hope so, 
  if the / u/kajkavski wants to link this in the op to make sure everybody sees it , that would be ok by me . 
  edit : also , in the op there is an open bracket which is / r/mildlyinfuriating '' ... / r/serbia [ 8 ] for this letter ) '', 
  learning foreign languages does n't make you an expert on the world . 
  when i learn german i learn about the german speaking cultures of germany , austria , switzerland , and about german influence on places . 
  when i learn french i learn about * france * and about french influence in west africa and indochina . 
  learning about south american tribes , or russian siberia is n't part of the learning process . 
  if i learn anything about the culture and the world whilst language learning , it 's about the culture and places that speak the language , not random other places . 
  the world is infinitely complex , and there 's an infinite amount to know and you could become incredibly smart learned scholar of 16th century english christianity , but be ignorant of everything else . 
  being smart in one area does not determine intelligence in any other . 
  i 've just conferred with some of the other moderators . 
  here 's the statement . 
  crnaruka is * not * going to be asked to join the mod team again . 
  * je suis d'accord . 
  * * ich bin einverstanden * i am in agreement . 
  we removed it until a nsfw/nsfl tag was added . 
  i ca n't comment on / u/crnaruka at this time , but i can tell you that we 're obviously watching the thread , and therefore i can tell you that you need to put a nsfw mark on that comment . 
  i know it 's real stuff and that people should look at it , but it 's still not something which there should be a warning on , for all sorts of reasons . 
   it 's not like you have to take `` balkan history '' in class tbf : that actually sounds like a good idea . 
  i mean , there 's a lot of yugoslavs in a lot of western european countries . 
  given the fact it 's so recent , and so close to home , and that western europeans are actually likely to meet balkan people , it would make sense to learn at least a bit about this history . 
  additionally , i think it 's a good case study . 
  i 'm part of the holocaust education trust , which focuses on educating young people about the holocaust and transmitting personal accounts from holocaust survivors , but one of the things which has always infuriated me about the organisation is that it puts the holocaust on a pedal , as if nothing anywhere near as bad as the holocaust as ever happened ( and by association , never could happen ) . 
  it makes it seem like it wo n't happen again . 
  they do n't focus on the fact that it * did * happen in again , in the 1990s in former yugoslavia , if not other places . 
  although the yugoslavia example is particularly acute because you went from being a completely unified nation ( well , when viewed from the outside ) of civilised people , to suddenly war . 
  it 's an example of why we should never take peace , and a respect for each other 's human rights and humanity , for granted . 
  i do n't think he 's angry at you or any of the balkan mods . 
  he probably agrees with you . 
  it 's just that a lot of users would like things to just * be sorted out * . 
  which is something we all want . 
  now this is the level of honesty i want at the top of football, 
  i think the german ` pet names ' for other european countries are generally a lot more offensive than the british 's pet names . 
  like we call you krauts , but you call the austrians schl\u00fcchtenschei\u00dfer , which is like , gulch shitters , or calling the dutch swamp germans . 
  they 're funny , but you would n't use them in public always , where as any body can say kraut at just about any time . 
  it 's bad * in comparison * to the real daily show , but if you expel the original from you 're mind , you realise that this is actually pretty funny , at least at times . 
  yeah , but i do n't really like reading my humour . 
  titanic does have some really great humour ( i particularly like [ this one , which came out a few weeks/months after the charlie hebdo attacks ] ( http://www.titanic-magazin.de/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/01-u1-titel-201502-mohammed_03.jpg ) ^ ( the title reads ` where is mohamed ? '' ) ), 
  but normally i like to sit back and listen , rather than sit up and focus ( on a magazine ) . 
  some celebration ? 
  i think a lot of americans mistakes a dislike for the omni-presence of american media for annoyance with americans . 
  i think it 's fair that there is a place for europeans to talk about stuff , and relate to our own common cultural associations . 
  i do n't mind americans being involved with that , but it can get annoying with people who just do n't understand , butting in and just not understanding . 
  now , i can hear you thinking it , `` but they want to learn ! '', 
  and i respect that they often * do * want to learn . 
  i just do n't want this to be a place for americans ( or others ) to learn about europe .
