  i think it 's a little naive to say that this level of extreme far-right and perhaps racism does n't exist in ireland . 
  it quite clearly does . 
  now i 'm curious where you come from ... my guess is either romania , russia or the uk . 
  so orban has basically no support for this , but he is pursuing it anyway ? 
  sorry but this has been delisted under rule 2.5 . 
  i reckon that european intelligence agencies actually have a much better idea of what 's going on in libya than the central government does . 
  remember , libya is a failed state . 
  the central government has effectively no control over most of the country . 
  even if we worked with the nominally official government , they would be almost no help and quite possibly a hindrance due to them sharing our plans with local supporting militias . 
  there 's quite likely already a whole variety of informants for european countries on the ground who likely can already discriminate between smugglers and fishers . 
  that 's without even considering the internet-surveillance that is being used which we all hate so much . 
  many of the smugglers are stupid enough to advertise on facebook . 
  it really is n't that hard to track them down . 
  i just wan na point out that whilst iraq , syria and libya are undeniably shit wholes , they were worse before we bombed them . 
  today , there 's chaos . 
  it 's basically the state of nature in those countries , or a war zone . 
  before ? 
  those states had organised systems of executing , murdering , torturing , and in the case of iraq , genociding their own people . 
  the horrible thing about humanity since the industrial revolution , is that when we are organised , we can now cause unprecedented levels of misery , to the point where just completely removing the government and allowing chaos to spread is actually preferable to leaving anything resembling a government . 
  obviously things could and should have been done better . 
  if we had had a system in place to take over once the despotic regimes fell , then that would save a whole lot of suffering , but even though we did n't it 's still an improvement on what they had , no matter how shit it still is . 
   `` violation of territorial integrity '' not an `` attack '' ? 
  i 'm , uh , sorry , but that just does n't fly . 
  `` russia is not attacking ukraine , it 's just violating ukraine 's territorial integrity '' . 
  russians are going into ukraine and engaging in warfare against ukrainian soldiers . 
  the attacking of ukrainian soldiers , direct representatives of the ukrainian state , means that it is an attack ( and even a war ) . 
  an incursion of territorial integrity would be like me walking into your house , seeing that you are there , and then leaving . 
  i 've not hurt you , but i have invaded your privacy and your home simply with my presence , even though i did n't do anything . 
  now , imagine that you have an intruder in your house who is using it to sell drugs whilst you personally are having a five way knife fight . 
  if somebody else was to storm into your house and kill the drug dealer , or at least destroy his stash , that would be comparable to the situation in libya . 
  the person attacking the drug dealer is not attacking you , and is possibly evening helping you because now you do n't have to deal with the drug dealer once you 've dealt with the other people you 're having the knife fight with . 
   yet fail to admit that europe hosts many of our black sites and tried to develop her own drone program black sights which have taken on a purpose we did not intend for them when they first opened and now we ca n't get rid off because of nato obligations . 
  and europe did try/is trying to develop military drones , but my problem is not with the existing of such drones , but with the way the usa uses them . 
  so again , you 're trying to shift blame here when it pretty squarely falls in the american 's court . 
  i 'm not saying europeans are guilt free in the 21st century . 
  i think our complacency in mass surveillance and allowing european airspace to be used for american rendition ( especially in our overseas and outer most regions ) is deplorable , but i these are still relatively minor in comparison to the telephone book sized list of crimes and immoral acts the usa has committed over the last 30 years , and continues to do today . 
   yes and france needed logistical support supplied by the us to make those african adventures happen did france use american support when it was offered ? 
  yes . 
  would france have been able to make do without us support ? 
  also yes . 
  there are limitations on any army , but the french and british armies have a large degree of resources at their disposal . 
  even if they do not have exactly the same resources as the us , they can and do make do . 
  we accept us support because they are our ally and they want us to succeed . 
  if the us was to withdraw their support we would make do just fine . 
   the falklands was over 30 years ago and gb is currently not as powerful as she used to be . 
  we still have the 5th largest military budget in the world ... 
  but sure , please tell me how the ageing argentinian military which has n't been updated since the falklands war is a threat . 
   gb currently has a handful of ( very capable ) deztroyers some nuclear subs and a single big fancy helicopter carrier . 
  which is more than 90 % of the nations on this planet have , without even considering the fact we can rely on our european neighbours for most of our military excursions . 
   the only thing keeping the faulklins safe is the fact that argentinia is currently in worse shape militarily . 
  that , and the fact the military presence on the falklands has been increased hugely since the falklands war . 
  the falklands was only over taken in the first place because the garrison on that island number about 90 soldiers . 
  today , there are several top class fighter jets and several batteries of anti-aircraft missiles which makes the island like a fortress . 
  i 'd be surprised if anybody could get that island today without destroying the entire thing . 
  but this is all besides the point . 
  the point being , europe has a lot more military ability than you are making out , and yet europe has a lot less military guilt than america does . 
  you ca n't shift the blame on this one . 
   we all know how their african adventures can turn out ... would you get your head out of 1945 , stop watching fox news and actually learn something of how europe * really * conducts itself in the 21st century . 
  hmm , i can actually see the ga agreeing to this motion quite easily . 
  i mean , the smuggling rings have a negative impact in all of africa , just like all international crime syndicates do and they 'd probably appreciate such an organisation being hurt . 
  it could also help promote stability in libya which is good for africa . 
  additionally , any wavering members that do n't really care one way or another can easily be bought off with some paltry gifts or something . 
  the south american nations would probably vote in favour , but if not a small donation of military or police supplies to deal with their drug cartels would probably win them over . 
  this is all stuff which is chicken feed for rich european countries but still quite problematic for poor south american and african ones . 
  i think the unsc will be the sticking point . 
  russia will block it just to spite us and as revenge because the last time we said we 'd intervene in libya a government ended up falling , which putin was n't happy with . 
  europeans did a lot of horrible things in the past . 
  the difference is , we 're never going to do them again . 
  you think the the dutch will just suddenly start anschlussing the east indies ? 
  pretty unlikely . 
  the us on the other hand continues to do whatever it wants anywhere in the world without any reference to international law such as rendition , predator drones and war . 
  we actually can project power well beyond our borders , look at france in north africa or the falklands war . 
  it 's just that we rarely want to or think that it would be beneficial for us to do so . 
  ... really ? 
  you 're going to bring colonialism into it ? 
  why do n't i bring up the fact that really america had no right to rebel against the british crown and should repay us for all that tea which was sunk + interest ? 
  and whilst i 'm at it , calais is totally part of england . 
  it 's ridiculous to compare things which european governments did prior to the second world war and things america did just ten years ago . 
  yes , europeans were wrong to colonise africa . 
  we all accept that . 
  do americans accept that it was wrong to invade iraq without a un mandate ? 
  what about constantly infringing on asian countries territorial integrity * without * un approval using predator drones . 
  america continues to do these pretty immoral and some would say illegal things , whilst europeans recognise what they did was wrong and will now only act with the force of law behind them . 
  i 'll remind you that even the airstrikes in libya during their civil war was done with a un mandate . 
  key difference is , europeans get the force of law behind them when they intervene beyond their shores . 
  unlike america , which unilaterally invades , destroys entire countries and topples democratically elected leaders and replaces them with us aligned dictators . 
  i do n't think the europeans and the americans are quite on the same level as each other yet , 
  huh , there 's another / u/dclauzel imitator . 
  you 've got to remember to write the translation in italics !, 
  i think you 'll find that 's actually durk from blairistablium . 
  i would consider it a violation of dutch territorial integrity , not an attack . 
  that violation is still bad , if it 's done without the backing of international law , but it 's not the same as an attack . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's the same thing as all the other things you do n't like . 
  there 's various degrees . 
  and anyway , this is all void because libya is n't a state at the moment . 
  if libya is unable to govern the territory which these smugglers are doing their business from , then it 's hardly even a violation of their territory because they do n't control it . 
  it 's like if live in a flat , and you do n't look after it , and eventually the flat and the land on the flat starts to collapse . 
  you endanger other people who * do n't * live on in your flat and therefore the government has a right to step in and fix the problem in order to help those other people which are being endangered by your negligence . 
  that 's what 's happening in libya at the moment . 
  the owner of the house has basically left completely and allowed squatters to come in who are selling drugs and slaves out of the property .
