  it has a whole load of factual information which needs to be interpreted to come to a good answer , seeing as a huge level of the debate is around economics and around specific laws being bad . 
  it 's like voting on whether or not the higgs boson exists . 
  ok , it 's actually a mixture of that question and your question . 
  it 's a mixture of value and technicality . 
  is that a real stereotype of the scottish ? 
  i 've never heard it before . 
  maybe i 'm not foreign enough . . 
  i had the luxury of going to sweden with an education charity not that long ago . 
  i 've got to say that the 50-100 swedish people i met were all exactly like the british , in terms of culture . 
  because of the way the organisation worked , it meant that we had loads of people from all over the country . 
  they were all very polite , willing to crack a joke , be somewhat self deprecating both personally and has a country/culture . 
  they said sorry profusely . 
  germans on the other hand felt quite distinct . 
  not very distinct , but much more distinct than the swedish . 
  seeing as you 're swedish , time to dispel a myth that i could n't get a straight answer to while i was in sweden . 
  is it ok to stroke somebody else 's dog ? 
  i was in gothenburg and one of my new made friends who was from stockholm quietly and firmly told me not to stroke other people 's pets in public in sweden . 
  is that just a stockholm thing or what ? 
  care to hit us with the german version , just for those that speak it but have not yet been enlightened ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i think italy ought to have the surrender monkey stereotype more than france , but france the caricature of france/the french is much more associated with the surrender monkey thing than italy ever has been . 
  speaking for england exclusively here . 
  i had a bacon with lettuce sandwich from sainsbury 's plus salt and vinegar crisps and a small bottle of orange juice ( it was a meal deal ) . 
  but then i had a couple of drinks later on that day and i too bought chips , but i 'm different because i got it with scraps !, 
  i 'm starting to notice a trend here . . 
  good points and everything , but i kind of feel like what you 're saying with point one conflicts with everything you say in points two and three . 
  the gas is getting extracted anyway and it makes no difference whether europe buys it or not . 
  the oil in russia is in russia and will be extracted by russians with russian regulations whether europe buys it or not and the gas in america will be extracted by americans with american regulations whether or not europe buys it . 
  so the us having better regulations for the environment does n't really make the case for buying from them stronger , and definitely not whilst in the same comment you 've made that exact point , but on a slightly different issue . 
  i 'm quite curious what military operations you have in mind . 
  with the break up of yugoslavia i completely understand and you would have a point with that specific and individual event . 
  however with iraq the us was the main mover because it had very limited international support and the only other real world player which assisted was the uk . 
  and in libya france and britain did most of the actual work whilst the us committed a helpful but negligible amount of resources ( and i am willing to defend these points ) . 
   do you think us imposing sanctions on russia now would really affect their policy in kyrgyzstan or tajikistan not directly . 
  i think finally , and decisively removing russia 's last real bargaining chip will ruin their ability to dictate to its neighbours as it has done for centuries . 
  it will still be a major playing in its regions , but it 'll be a seriously diminished player which will enabled its satellites to improve . 
   do you therefore also think our reaction to what is happening in ukraine is identical to what it would be if they sent some troops into either of those no . 
  central asia is an area of the world i want to see improvement in , but i think that we should be focusing on our own back yard for the simple reason that the resources we put in there will yield more fruit . 
  central asia is a bonus by damages russia 's influence . 
   do you know what 10 % global trade is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_the_european_union russia makes up about ten percent of the eu 's trade . 
   the negative change in global gdp was -2.5 % in 2009 , the only time its declined since at least 2005 . 
  yes . 
  that did happen . 
  because of a global financial crisis . 
  not because of exports . 
  10 % of exports does not equal anything like 10 % of gdp . 
   no energy means industrial production reduces significantly yes , however russia is n't our only gas supplies . 
  norway exports more oil to the eu than russia . 
  we have alternative energy sources like nuclear , coal and various renewables . 
  we can buy from other countries via tanker born travel from arab states and north america as well as fracking at home . 
  it 'll hurt industrial production marginally and increase gas prices , but it 's hardly crippling and the economy as a whole will continue to grow smoothly . 
   what would be the goal of this ? 
  crippling the russian economy would kill their industrial production , meaning its not so easy for them to turn the gas back on once they 've apologised this problem is no where near as large as you make it out to be . 
  all those facilities and oil pumps are n't going to disappear because of huge economic failings for just one year . 
  it 's not like we 're actually dropping bombs on them . 
  maybe if we destroy their economy so badly that they start ripping down the oil refineries for the steel the refineries are made out of , but i doubt we even have the economic ability to do that . 
  the russian economy will hopefully not be too badly crippled because they 're cave before we do . 
  this is brinkmanship , but i think even if the brinkmanship fails we will be able to quite steadily live with the consequences and we will achieve our goals but maybe over a few months rather than immediately . 
  ** in conclusion ** i feel as though you 've made this out to be much more damaging than it is . 
  yes it would have negative effects on the eu economy but there would be no huge loss of living standards or gdp . 
  in fact i would argue that on average for the eu they would continue to increase at a more subdued rate . 
  gas prices would rise and there might be redundancies in some fields for a while but this will be rectified later when we have cheaper oil which will lead to more hardship . 
  sacrifices now lead to economic , humanitarian and political benefits down the road . 
  thank you, 
   this is happening on europe 's doorstep yet the u.s. is the one being expected to do all the heavy lifting . 
  who 's expecting the us to do ` all the heavy lifting ' ? 
  the people who want the us intervene are the same people who want europe to intervene . 
  it 's not like there 's some huge group of europeans who in one comment argue that the us should do everything and then in a different comment argue that europe should do nothing . 
  what 's more like is that the person who made the first comment and the person who made the second comment * are completely different people * . 
  yes because a ) it wo n't damage the eu economy but merely slow down growth which is very different but i 'll get back to that later and b ) it 's not about whether or not it damages the russian economy . 
  it 's about how well taking this action achieves our objectives and the relative value of those objectives . 
  do i think that ensuring ukraine and it 's 40 million people remain on a course towards eu membership , removing corruption , democratic reform and improving living standards is worth fighting for : yes . 
  do i think that stopping the eu being free of dependence on russian gas is worth a price : yes . 
  do i think that damaging russia 's economic and political influence is a worthy objective , and therefor improving the livelihoods many eastern european and north-west asian sttes : yes . 
  all of the above considered i would be willing to take a substantial hit on the state of europe economically in the short term , even a 10 % reduction in global trade . 
  getting back to that earlier point about it not damaging the eu 's economy . 
  it would not damage the eu 's economy because it would not lead to a deterioration in the size of the eu economy but simply a lack of growth . 
  the eu 's main growth area is not made up of trade with russia . 
  the eu 's recovery is due to restructuring at home , not by increasing global trade , apart from tangental growth in exports which is not important in the bigger picture . 
  i feel fine continuing with the same sort of sub-par job market we have now if it allows the peripheral countries in europe to improve so dramatically . 
  yeah i agree with what you 've said , apart from i do n't think you 're invisible in medium threads . 
  i 'd call this a medium thread with 50 comments and you could still easily be visible because people often read through all/most of the comments in a medium sized thread . 
  it would get pretty lost in one with  100 ( which i consider to be large ) . 
  most / r/europe threads are less than 100 though . 
  you do know that the exact meaning of that phrase is not `` there is one exception , therefor there must be a rule '' . 
  ` the exception proves the rule ' quote that if some one states that there is an exception , but without stating that there is a rule , it proves that there is , in fact , a rule . 
  for instance , `` parking available on mondays and wednesdays '' . 
  this statement is an exception to a rule , even though it does not specifically state there is a rule . 
  so because we can see that there is an exception `` parking available on mondays and wednesdays '' . 
  that proves that , normally , there is a rule . 
  so , me stating that what you claim is not always the case by indicating that post from a few days ago , does not prove there is a rule , it just undermines your claim that there is a rule in the first place . 
  that flag is representing the [ hungarian uprising of 1956 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956 ) which was crushed by the soviets . 
  they 've got the flag orientated in an odd way so that it looks like italy . 
  what about [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1z9y45/should_the_crimea_be_part_of_ukraine/ ) ? 
  yeah , bias is more to do with not giving different opinions serious consideration , but i think that the whole of the sub has nothing wrong with giving the russian and eastern ukrainian perspective a go , but we , mostly , just determine it to be a load of shit . 
   if you do n't call putin crazy and ukraine the new hope against the soviets , you 're censored via downvotes and ridicule . 
  get a grip , people . 
  i disagree with this premise and use [ a post i made not ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1z9y45/should_the_crimea_be_part_of_ukraine/ ) as evidence . 
  i was playing devil 's advocate hugely in this thread and yet i kept a positive karma ratio and the thread was clearly visible on the front page for quite a while . 
  it was not perfect , but the minority of people who were angrily downvoting everything did not seriously hinder the normal workings of the subreddit .
