  it 's not about my information , it 's what a huge company could do . 
  governments have to behave in a way which pleases a majority of people in their country . 
  a company has to please a majority of its shares holders , which can often be one guy . 
  you would n't put one guy in charge of a country worth 60 billion us dollars and tell him to do as he pleases just like you should n't put someone in charge of a company worth 60 million us dollars and tell him to do as he pleases * especially * when the country that company is based in is so small as to allow that * one * company extreme influence over politics . 
  there 's a reason anti-monopoly laws exist in most countries . 
  it 's to stop huge companies from being able to influence politics and thereby the lively-hoods of the entire country . 
  no company should have that power . 
  they should be influenced by government and not influence government . 
  do they seriously account for 15 % of danish gdp ? 
  that 's well passed the levels where trust busting should have been used . 
  there 's a reason large companies like [ standard oil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_oil ) got broken up in the early twentieth century . 
  what was he saying ? 
  even if there is a * majority * view , that does n't make it an echoing chamber . 
  i would argue that in a thread about roma there 's a two thirds chance that an anti-roma comment or comments will come out on top . 
  and there 's a 1 third chance that a pro-roma comment or comments will come out on top . 
  that 's a * huge * amount of dissent and discussion , even if it is not a 50-50 split . 
  obviously i 'm only speaking from personal experience has nobody has yet done a census of every single roma thread and determined which side seemed to get most upvoted ( though there would certainly be upvotes to any one who did do a census on that topic ) . 
  if it was an echoing chamber , then there would be * no * dissenting opinion . 
  here , there is quite obviously a lot of dissenting opinion on almost every topic , even though there is usually a majority opinion . 
  for instance , i think , most people here are pro european integration and pro eu . 
  however most times a `` are you pro eu thread comes up '' a lot of people will come out and say they do not like the eu and would vote ukip or afd or whatever . 
  then we have a discussion . 
  the pro-eu people usually amass the most votes because they 're the majority opinion , but their opinions are still heavily criticised which is fantastic . 
  anyway , so what i 'm trying to say is that majority opinion does not equal an echo chamber . 
  you can have discussion here and if you 're not a dick about it you 're likely to find at least some support . 
  i do n't like the downvote culture here i 'll admit , but i think it 's not * that * bad and if the arguer remains civil he 'll like retain positive karmer even if espousing quite unpopular opinions . 
  calling / r/europe an echo chamber is a bit strong . 
  people with what i consider to be extreme views can sometimes find other people who share their views here , however they can also very frequently find dissenting opinions who will criticise extreme and moderate opinions alike . 
  i think all the people in this thread who are * arguing * with each other is a testament to that . 
  you 're arguing . 
  / u/julesvernefj is arguing . 
  you 'll notice that if you look at several different threads that various opinions about roma , federalisation and america appear and no single view is dominant throughout the entire sub . 
  yeah , all people should be able to see it if they so desire . 
  however , they should know that what they are going to see is potentially quite disturbing and then allow them to make that decision for themselves . 
  it 's not censorship . 
  well then maybe you should tag it as nsfw/nsfl anyway ? 
  even if it 's only intended for a couple of individuals , surely subjecting the entire subreddit to such images unwarned is not a good thing ? 
  if you 're only intended to shock those two people , that is . 
  *** nsfw/nsfl *** ^ dude , you should really tag these kinds of images, 
  in varietate concordia ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6pcu2gqu01qz5urdo1_1280.jpg ), 
  the term `` america '' and `` british '' have little or nothing to do with race . 
  you can be a chinese american or a black briton however you ca n't be a black native american because that two label generally has a racial requirement . 
  those definitions ( british , america ) are all to do with * who * you are and not * what * you are . 
  nationalism is becoming increasingly less about race and more and more you can be of any ethnicity and be party of any community or nationality . 
  [ click the `` edit '' button . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cflzkzx.png ) the rest is self explanatory, 
  yeah , but can you name * anything * which is truly a delicacy ? 
  personally there 's nothing i eat which i would really define as a delicacy . 
  there 's a few things i would define as treats ( ferraro richer , mussels , chips , indian food ) but i would n't define any of them as a real delicacy . 
  original intention is pretty irrelevant imo . 
  tea was never originally intended to be served with milk or a in a bag , but that 's how it 's done in britain now and that 's what matters . 
  if that 's what you do with croissants now then i can stop feeling bad about all the times i formerly cut my croissant down the middle . 
  but i 've got to say it tastes better if you just heat it up and then eat it . 
  all the butter seeps out from inside ... glorious . . je suis un francophile, 
  there 's this chocolate-hazelnut croissant which one of my local sainsburry 's sells . 
  it 's got a light coating of chocolate on the outside and a little reservoir of chocolate in the middle which turns liquid when heated . 
  is this at all a french thing or is it an english bastardisation ? 
  i know english people do n't ( often ) eat croissants the way french people would . 
  they often cut them in two and put butter in the middle where as ( i 'm told ) the french eat them as they are , without cutting or buttering because the butter is meant to be present already . 
  i 've been thinking a lot about croissants recently . 
  they 've become somewhat of a vice ... 
   is luton near birmingham ? 
  [ not really ] ( https://maps.google.co.uk/maps?client=safari&amp;q=luton&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;ei=sy9quooyi6ou0qxnmyhoag&amp;ved=0caoq_auoag ) i do n't have time to do all the googling at the moment , but i would like to point out that flying is n't necessarily the cheapest way . 
  ferries might be cheaper , but take longer . 
  they also might not be . 
  it 's worth considering . 
  sounds like the kind of monarch we 'd have if the monarch still charged into battles and was also held total power throughout the realm . 
  if you 're running the country everyday you 'd want to dress properly but also patriotically , so crowns and the like would be impractical . 
  the king also would n't want to intervene himself because he is too busy overseeing the work of his ministers and directing them to work on the appropriate tasks in the appropriate ways , however when part of the empire is having difficulty and requires his personal attention then he is n't going to want to use a sword like old fashioned kings and queens . 
  new equipment would be needed . 
  this is why prince harry should be king instead of william . 
  i do n't think you 'd have much difficulty getting them if you wanted them . 
  any medium sized supermarket with a bakery section will probably stock them . 
  but people rarely buy from this section of the shop . 
  i can get a croissant whenever i want , but few people do that often . 
  so , for croissants , it 's not a question of availability but a question of how often people actually decide to get them . 
  pretzels i think it 's slightly different . 
  i do n't actually know where to get a decent pretzel in sheffield . 
  there 's a new fancy pretzel kiosk at the nearest shopping centre ( meadohall ) , which is the only place i can think of . 
  not something i ever order in a restaurant ( because it 's normally not available ) but croissants and pretzels are quite uncommon in terms of what you 'd find in an average person 's kitchen , but are usually enjoyed immensely whenever people do buy them . 
  at least that 's my understanding of them . 
  i do n't know if croissants and pretzels are that common in france , german , et al or if it 's only a stereotype . 
  that was a confusing series of comments ... 
  i never said it was . 
  in fact i said it was very much not ok . 
  it 's repulsive . 
  however i think it would be na\u00efve to say that male circumcision is the same as female genital mutilation . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's also silly to say they are just as bad as each other . 
  they 're both bad . 
  they 're both awful . 
  but one 's more awful than the other by a long way and deserves more of our attention . 
  i 'm not saying that male circumcision is n't a problem . 
  do n't misinterpret what people say . 
  the thing is , i think most people do have these sorts of things . 
  whenever i go abroad i always make a real effort to learn something of the culture before i go and even learn some of the basic phrases . 
  i want to humble the people who 's country i 'm borrowing . 
  i think many people do this by googling and reading up before they go . 
  i think some people do n't . 
  i 'm mainly looking at british , american and chinese tourists , but every region has its bad tourists .
