  it does n't even have to be technical discussion like preferred map projection or cartographer . 
  it could be `` do you prefer maps that look like this , or maps that look like this ? '' . 
  that 's something which even people who 're only interested in viewing maps are interested in viewing maps would like . 
  most people come there for the maps . 
  yeah . 
  but why ca n't it be expanded . 
  your argument is basically `` it 's always been that way so it always should be '' . 
  which is a silly reason to do anything . 
  yeah it works , but it could be so much better if it included more . 
  you ca n't really just ask in a thread . 
  you have to wait until it 's appropriate . 
  yeah i fully get that that is the way that / r/mapporn is now , i just do n't understand * why * it 's like that . 
  virtually every single sub allows meta posts at the very least and i see no reason why someone who loves looking at maps would n't also enjoy discussing the maps . 
  i mean , half the maps in that sub are basically just discussion starters and you can see that half the population of that sub are just inching to have a discussion based on the huge number of comments every single submission gets . 
  so basically , i just do n't get why we should n't be allowed to have posts entirely about discussion or about something which is n't an image . 
  you ca n't even link to a page which is full of images . 
  you have to link to an image or images directly . 
  so i 'd love to know some good reasons * why * the sub has that rule . 
  because my questions had nothing to do with history . 
  one of my questions was something a long the lines on `` do you have any advise for someone who wants to create a large ( 1 metre by 1.5 metres ) using a4 sheets ? '' . 
  can you tell me anywhere which would be better suited to receiving that question than / r/mapporn would be ? 
  it 's definitely not a historical question . 
  there 's a lot of other discussions which people could have about maps also . 
  for instance what people think about various projections ( gaul peter 's verses mercator verses the apple peal , ect ) or preferred historical cartographers ( waldseem\u00fcller , ptolamy ) or newer map related stuff such as how maps and cartography will change due to electronics and computing or the cartography of space . 
  discussion on that subreddit could be extremely interesting , if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  edit : oh and for the question i wanted to ask , i ended up waiting a couple of weeks and seeing a thread where a few people started talking about the exact thing i wanted to know where one of them posted a link to [ this ] ( http://www.blockposters.com/ ) site which is exactly what i needed . 
  so there were people on the site who would have been able to help me very easily with a very specific map related issue but unfortunately i could n't . 
  anything which is n't in image form is banned there . 
  which is unfortunate because several times i 've wanted to ask questions in there : /, 
  i see what you 're saying but i think that , despite this wikipedia editor 's casual writing style , what he/she is saying is still valid . 
  having the country 's minister for science stand up and say not to use the croatian wikipedia , but that wikipedia in other languages is fine , is a pretty harsh condemnation . 
  ok , yes he is a political figure but i he has a lot more integrity than a newspaper . 
  i mean , it 's not indisputable proof , but it is quite a hit for the credibility of that wikipedia . 
  personally i 'm predicting a rise in turnout for the election , in the uk at least . 
  i think that as time has marched on people have become much more aware of the eu 's existence , powers and importance . 
  i do n't reckon most people have a very good idea how it works , and definitely not the parliaments importance but i do think that people are more aware of the eu 's importance and thereby the ep 's importance , so there might be a partial rise in turnout . 
  no idea who people 'll vote for though . 
  just incase anyone is wondering what the cbi is  the confederation of british industry is the uk 's leading business organisation , speaking for some 240,000 businesses from the perspective of their leadership . 
  [ 1 ] together member organisations employ around a third of the private sector workforce in the uk . 
  incorporated by royal charter [ 2 ] its mission is to promote the conditions in which businesses of all sizes and sectors in the uk can compete and prosper for the benefit of all . 
  its membership includes the majority of the ftse 100 , mid-caps , smes , privately owned businesses and trade associations . 
  the cbi speaks for all sectors : agriculture , automotive , aerospace , construction , creative , education , financial services , it , manufacturing , professional services , retail , transport , tourism and utilities . 
  [ 3 ] source : [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation_of_british_industry ), 
  [ it 's a shit joke ] ( http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/dead-horse.gif ), 
  germkn\u00f6del is a bavarian thing , no ? 
  just ignore it . 
  only stupid people will bother to say anything about the eu on wikipedia unless it 's a passing remark . 
  i would n't use the top four uk universities as examples . 
  compare some ordinary tuition paying universities in the uk to some ordinary non tuition universities in europe . 
  from the website  the lists below shows you which federal states ( l\u00e4nder ) charge registration and tuition fees so that you can prepare your bugdet to study in germany :  the federal states ( l\u00e4nder ) that charge tuition fees of approximately 500 $ per semester are bavaria and lower saxony . 
   the federal states ( l\u00e4nder ) that charge registration fees of approximately 50 $ per semester are : baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , berlin , brandenburg , bremen , hamburg , hesse , mecklenburg-western pomerania , lower saxony , thuringia as someone who 's studying german and a british national , maybe north germany is a good place to go ? 
  $ 50 a semester does n't sound like much . 
  yeah i get the impression that isolationist is only coming up because it has historically been a hallmark of british foreign policy . 
  but it is n't anymore , at least not in the same way . 
  if you read the article you 'll find it sort of says that british governance is bad and that not voting for intervention is syria is kind of a mistake . 
  so i get the impression that the term isolationist is only being used to try and help convince people that they are right , because obviously isolationism = bad, 
  that article is quite irritating . 
  it just asserts that parliament 's vote on intervention in syria was a complete backfire . 
  it claims neither the labour mps or the tory mps who voted against war did it because they genuinely did n't want war . 
  you know what evidence it has of this ? 
  * one * tory mp . 
  it does n't entertain for a second that maybe parliament voted against war because , you know , parliament thought it through and decided that war was a bad idea . 
  it just assumes that obviously every single mp decided to protest vote and that they all assumed that their votes did n't matter . 
  what rubbish . 
  in my experience it 's not because there is no data , but because the data is slightly different . 
  most of the eu countries get eurostat to find loads of statistics about them and then all of them are standardised . 
  the balkans do n't have eurostat doing that, 
  why do we care what a bunch of rural american country singers and guitar players think ? 
  i fear we 'd run out of things to ask really quick . 
  it 'd need to be kind of thematic, 
  does n't seem much like `` fighting '' to me . 
  seems more like a helicopter flying low over a building . 
  fighting is n't necessarily the way to do it , but i 'm only going to consider germany , or any country , to be `` fighting back '' when they actually fight back . 
  by that i mean , actually stopping spying rather than simply looking for it . 
  looking is one thing , action is something entirely different . 
  that 's even worse . 
  only * some * parts of romania reverse the head nodding/shaking thing but not others ? 
  steve : do you want this ? 
  geoff : * nods head * steve : are you shaking your head as in `` no '' ? 
  geoff : * nods head * and so on . 
  how do you get `` blatantly downvoted '' ? 
  is n't that exactly the same as being downvoted ? 
  anyway , i still think that the phrase `` bulgaria is the mother of all slavic languages '' or `` bulgarians invented the cyrillic script '' is wrong . 
  it 's just that / u/vaeldr 's post has a lot more to it than that simple statement . 
  if it was just that statement then i 'd have a far greater problem with the post as a whole . 
  the way i see it , it 's not personally my cup of tea but it shows that we * can * do that sort of thing , if we feel like it , which fortunately we do n't very often . 
  we can produce these generic popstars if needs be , and they 're proof . 
  but most of the time we just like to forget about them as that thing which happened/is happening . 
  how much of europe/america is `` a lot '' ? 
  god bless * these * beautiful * islands *, 
  i have no real problem with compound nouns . 
  i just think they push the definition of what a word is , which is n't a problem either . 
  it just makes it harder to make parallels across languages . 
  inuit is the main one this causes problems with because they technically do have hundreds of different words for snow , but they 're actually only compound nouns like yellowsnow , brownsnow , hardsnow , pricklysnow . 
  in english and most other languages those would all be the same word but with a descriptive adjective . 
   one word : wahlkampf silly compound nouns bending the definition of what `` one '' word is . 
  i believe the english translation is election campaign , or more literally `` decision struggle '' . 
  edit : did i say something rude ? 
  so he 's given us a very specific number of countries who are supporting without stating who those countries are ? 
  so he has one or two countries which definitely support him , and 8 which maybe , kind of support him but he does n't want to say that they support him because those countries support is mostly fictional .
