  a few questions * do you think that the uk * would be able to * negotiate a situation like switzerland or norway or iceland ? 
  * what are your opinions on the junker investment plan ? 
  * do you think that the eu is transparent enough ? 
  what are your thoughts on the new transparency register ? 
   looks like he is whitewashing al nusra and all the saudi/turkey backed islamist jihadists . 
  that 's a huge part of what i fear . 
  al nusra is just another branch of al qaeda . 
  however , it is part of the `` syrian opposition '' which also includes the free syrian army . 
  as soon as assad has been deposed , al nusra is just gon na break away from the official opposition and start fighting them too . 
  i read a similar letter yesterday from my ( labour ) mp paul blomfield . 
  it talked about mostly the same things , but the main aspect i feel is unaddressed in this letter , and blomfield 's , is that they claim that there is a presumption that a war should * improve * the situation . 
  it should improve the situation by making terrorist attacks in europe less likely , and also by bringing the war in syria to an end . 
  but i just do n't see how that is going to happen . 
  in blomfield 's letter , he talks about how there needs to be a credible opposition on the ground which can take control of daesh ( isis ) held territory and help create a transitional government afterwards . 
  but that does n't exist . 
  he mentioned the kurds , but they 're only active in a small portion of the country . 
  and that 's without even mentioning the fact that president assad is basically as bad as daesh . 
  the only difference is that assad mostly kills syrian civilians ( he 's killed far more syrians than daesh or al nusra have ) where as daesh occasionally kill westerners . 
  so who 's actually gon na take the fight to daesh and al nustra on the ground ? 
  who is gon na create the transitional government ? 
  what are we gon na do about assad ? 
  until these questions are answered , then i ca n't believe that bombing syria will make the world a better place . 
  without an opposition force on the ground or a real transitional government , daesh will just continue existing and continue doing what it does . 
  so all we will be doing is killing a handful of daeshi insurgents and a whole load of civilians . 
  this will just radicalise the civilians and make them more likely to support daesh and hate the west . 
  hmm , from the article there does n't seem to be any mention of actually showing the penetration . 
  the point is to provide a more realistic account in cinema of what sex really is . 
  it 's the last taboo which we 're not really allowed to show on screen despite it being one of the most human of things . 
  it deserves to be portrayed in a realistic light . 
  i mean , i recon that the misrepresentation of what sex is really like causes a lot of problems : unachievable desires , feelings of inadequacy , bad sex lives . 
  -- my only query is whether real sex on film is the best way to do this . 
  i think it depends how it 's done . 
  i can imagine real sex being depicted in a non-pornographic fashion , and likewise i * have seen * sex scenes in movies that are more pornographic than real porn . 
  i do n't think the line is as simple as `` if there 's real sex , it 's porn , but if the sex is n't real , then it 's not porn . '', 
  the boundary is a lot more fussy . 
  there actually two different models of legalisation though . 
  in germany and the netherlands it is legal to prostitute yourself and also to have a large business like prostitution organisation . 
  however in the uk ( and other countries ) it is legal to prostitute yourself but not to run an organisation . 
  that is , it is illegal to employ somebody as a prostitute . 
  pimping and brothels are illegal . 
  although in my opinion the uk model is basically just a do nothing model , because we just seem to completely ignore the issue : /, 
  the lib dems have agreed to support air strikes , but catherine probably wo n't be able to tell us much about it because that decision was taken in the palace westminster , london but she works in the european parliament in brussels, 
  i think it 's more that we do n't all need to hear about it when they 're just doing a precautionary evacuation or something . 
  i mean , we do n't hear about every time my anywhere does a fire drill . 
  fairwell corgie ?!!, 
  yes !, 
  is the ama over ? 
  that 's an interesting point . 
  i think it depends on what the welfare situation is like in your country , what civil society and community is like and whether you have a support network of friends/family . 
  my imperfect real life example is that my mother suffers from an illness which entitles her to disability living allowance . 
  as such , our family suffered in many ways from * aspects * of social exclusion , but despite this we managed to come out alright by integrating with a support group for my mother 's condition and also through some educational groups for me and my siblings . 
  obviously this is an imperfect example because disability living allowance is a lot higher than unemployment benefit , and in addition to dla there was obviously forms of child benefit . 
  so , we were in a better situation financially than an unemployed family , but overall we were n't * that much * better off . 
  i mean , dla and childcare benefit is n't actually a great amount to live off , and the fact that our parents did n't have a regular place to work is also a big factor in social exclusion ( as that 's where most of a random person 's social interactions take place ) . 
  so , my subjective experience is : in the uk , you can be unemployed and you 're * much less likely to suffer from social exclusion whilst being unemployed * than if you moved elsewhere and became employed , but lost your support network because the uk ( or at my part of it ) provides a sufficiently high amount of income to those who 're out of work and has a sufficiently high range of civil society groups . 
  -- i have no idea what the situation is like elsewhere in europe , though . 
  i would imagine that greece lacks this such high quality forms of welfare , given the crippling austerity they have had to endure . 
  no idea about civil society , though . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  if you 've got the time , how did you find out these folktales were so wide spread ? 
  you mentioned in a different comment that you 've done some research , and a lot of it consisted of talking to grannies in the local area . 
  have you been all around scandinavia and greece too , in order to get these stories ? 
  is there anywhere where i can read up on the tale of the golden apple ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  are there any specific tales which are especially widespread ? 
   mind you , we 'd probably take issue with any town or city in the uk . 
  everywhere 's a shithole , especially where we live . 
  apart from sheffield . 
  sheffields awesome . 
  what 's the point of living if you are totally socially excluded ? 
  the things which make life worth living are all about our socialising with other human beings ( having friends , finding a partner , family meals , etc ) . 
  there 's more to life than being a wage slave . 
   not to rot on public money . 
  eh , that 's ... quite a loaded expression . 
  obviously nobody i do n't want anybody to be dependent on welfare , but that 's far from the only reason for the free movement of labour . 
  i mean , it also allows greater economic growth overall ( which allows more prosperity for everyone , including the employed and unemployed ) . 
  a few years ago it used to be so annoying ... 
  i would be talking to a group of people for quite some time , and then later realise i was the only non-programmer and then they 'd all felacio each other about python and shit that i do n't get, 
  this is what i want to know . 
  i know that in the uk we have some schools which teach religious education , but basically only teach one religion ( either anglican christianity or catholic christianity ) . 
  however i 've never heard of a uk school teaching only islam , apart from in * really * extreme cases , and those schools which did it often get shut down . 
  i 've always found the contours of religion and culture to be similar to the indian and pakistani claims over kashmir : impossible to determine . 
  i mean , christmas is technically a christian festival , but my whole family are atheists , yet we celebrate it . 
  so , is it religious or is it cultural ? 
  was it once religious but now is cultural ? 
  can it be simultaneously a religious festival to some , and a cultural ( secular ) one to others ? 
  if yes , is it even the same festival at that point ( if those who 're celebrating it culturally and those who 're celebrating it religiously celebrate the event in different ways ) ? 
  it 's just a big bag of worms , which has always led me to treat religion as largely ( or even exclusively ) a part of culture . 
  [ here 's a picture of our prime minister eating a hot dog with a knife and fork ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/04/07/09/27524ad300000578-0-image-a-21_1428393774934.jpg ) , cause we 're just that posh . 
   elena rapondzhieva - producer - a graduate in comminications , culture and media at coventry university , uk , question : what in god 's name made them think that going to the university of * coventry * was a good idea ? 
  can confirm ; am european ; am awesome source : me, 
   you stop islamism by stopping islamism . 
  well , that solves everything then . 
  it actually is a big part of it . 
  being poor is the biggest cause of [ social exclusion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_exclusion ) which is what leads to radicalisation . 
  if you can stop social exclusion , then you can stop western islamism , as well as just make our societies much better places to be . 
   recent -  for the past half year, 
  please try and be civil, 
  what the hell are the british houses of parliament doing in the background ? 
   but another thing i noticed , the smaller a country is the higher per capita visitors they have , especially further west .
