  but at the moment , we 've the tools we have and the limited amount of time we have , it is * so * difficult . 
  whenever we 're faced with a new kind of problem , we have to start from the bottom up to figure out how to deal with it , and that means making mistakes until we find the right approach . 
  it 's hard . 
  it 's an uphill struggle which we 've been participating in for years . 
  the shocking thing is , that we 've actually got a lot better at moderating over the last year that i 've been here , but the downside is that the burdens placed upon us have also gotten significantly larger , meaning that the actual quality of moderation has detiorated . 
  it 's like ... say if you have a small car , and a family of two people . 
  it can manage quite well . 
  but then you 're family grows by 20 members so that there 's 22 of you , but then you only buy a slightly larger car . 
  yeah , there have been improvements , but those improvements pale in comparison to the challenges, 
  this is a subreddit of 415,000 people . 
  we have to ban a lot of people , even if it 's a very small proportion of our overall user base . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  the more users you have , the more mod actions you have to take . 
  with the more mod actions you take , the more likely it is that you make mistakes . 
  in fact i 'd say it goes up exponentially . 
  even though you 're seeing a lot of users in this specific thread who 've been wronged in someway , and for that i apologise , it 's still a very small overall number of people who 've been misbanned , and even then , we managed to rectify most of those mistakes . 
  it takes a mental toll on me to be accused of everything under the sun in a single thread . 
  i 've lost track of all the things i 'm allegedly responsible for . 
  sheffield 's lovely . 
  it 's got more trees than people . 
  there is n't much of a criminality issue , so long as you do n't stray out into the neighbouring cities of doncaster , rotherham or barnsley . 
  there is a problem of relative poverty though ... 
  it 's getting better , especially due to eu funds which helped regenerate the inner city ( that 's how we paid for the tram network ) , although it is pretty shocking that we were ever poor enough to actually be eligible for eu funding ... and the weather 's shit . 
  misbanning people does not indicate an agenda . 
  it indicates differing interpretations of how best to apply the rules , which is what happened here . 
  the only agenda we 've got is nurturing a great subreddit . 
  the only thing is we sometimes have professional disagreements about how best to carry out that aim . 
  just because somebody made a decision that you disagree with does not mean that they somehow had an alternative motive for it . 
  brigading is just one part of this multi-faceted issue . 
  the main reason is because / r/europe is a place for discussion of a variety of topics , not just immigration . 
  however , the / r/europe frontage was becoming inundated with immigration topics for a whole variety of reasons . 
  the subreddit needed to be kept true to purpose by having a variety of topics available for discussion , so we have had to limit the amount of space which is dedicated to discuss immigration to one single thread megathread . 
   if you allow free speech , you get / r/european [ 1 ] . 
  if you do n't , you get / r/europe [ 2 ] . 
  either way , no need for your subreddit . 
  moderation is n't the only thing which distinguishes subs from each other . 
  the type of content also distinguishes it , as do the commenters and a whole range of other factors . 
  i subscriber to about 100 subs because they all over something different . 
  they 're not just on a linear spectrum . 
  / r/euromigration offers something that neither / r/european or / r/europe offer , which is complete and exclusive discussion of immigration in europe . 
  the thing which makes reddit unique is the up and down vote feature . 
  however reddit also always intended to have moderators and for those moderators to play a key role . 
  do n't just focus on one thing about reddit and say `` this is how it was intended ! '' . 
  i do n't even think that there was one way that reddit was intended to be . 
  i think reddit is an experiment . 
  many different approaches to finding the balance between community voting and moderation will be tried , and / r/europe is trying this one, 
  this is what i keep telling people over and over again . 
  report them . 
  the report thing goes straight to this subreddit 's mod queue where we can look at it , remove it and potentially ban the user . 
  but if you do n't report it we probably wo n't see it . 
  you 're not just helping yourself by reporting it , you 're helping all of the other people that user is going to spread hatred against . 
  racism against various europeans does exist and it should be stopped wherever it arises . 
  edit : to the person who tested the report button with the report `` testing '' . 
  yup , it worked . 
  i got the report, 
  i can try again if you 'd like ( i think he was n't responding because he was out doing lecture tours or something ) . 
  we 've started putting more effort into getting some amas in place and i 'm currently liaising with two meps for amas in autumn and winter, 
  if you look in the side bar you can see an extremely extensive list of our rules . 
  i do admit that it could be slightly clearer though . 
  the mod team has n't communicated particularly well recently , and the rules about megathreads and metathreads are vague , and open to differing interpretations . 
  we 'll try and rectify this in the near future, 
  hi , yeah i think i might have been the mod you contacted . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  but there was a professor i was trying to contact at the request of a redditor , but the professor was n't responding to my emails so i gave up . 
  if the potential amaer is n't answering then there 's nothing we can do . 
  you 're forgetting about one possibility , which is an spd-cdu coalition with the spd as the largest party . 
  that 's the most realistic option for a government without merkel as chancellor in my opinion . 
  it 's still a long way off though edit : yes , i 'm aware that it 's unlikely . 
  however , a coalition between greens , linke and spd is also unlikely . 
  i just thought it was worth pointing out that this was a possibility worth considering , even if the first option is more likely . 
  you can stop blowing up my inbox now . 
  post to megathread, 
  any chance of a higher quality image ? 
  i can hardly read this, 
  i 'd say no , because the cdu are okay coalitioning with the fdp ( neo-liberals ) which any self-respecting social democrat should n't be able to abide . 
  the way to remember it is that the countries are in alphabetical order from northernmost to southern most . 
  yeah , but look at the date that amendment was passed ( 1951 ) . 
  the us has been a country for over 150 years by that point . 
  it was a convention up until franklin d. roosevelt in the 1930s-40s that after your second term you stood down . 
  fdr just decided to stand for three ( and won ) and then his successor ( truman ) decided to pass the 22 amendment which prohibited constitutionally what fdr had done . 
  is there a limit in spain ? 
  was n't that ` discussion ' largely tongue in cheek ? 
  i interpreted it as one of the senior spd figures that the spd had become too right wing and too similar to the cdu that ` may as well ' not put up a candidate . 
  it was meant as a criticism of the party 's ideological position , rather than their ability to find reasonable candidates, 
  basically : no . 
  the only party which is potentially large enough to become bigger than merkel 's party ( the christian democratic union , cdu ) , is the german social democratic party ( spd ) . 
  the spd has almost no convincing candidates and the current leader is just a compromise candidate who took control after the spd lost the last election . 
  and that 's even assuming the spd can win at this point , which is a very tall order given that the cdu has almost half the seats in the bundestag outright . 
  and there 's no real candidates within the cdu either . 
  merkel made sure to pluck them out . 
  the only internationally famous cdu politician is the finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , and he 's in no position to challenge her due to a party funding scandal he was involved in . 
  well if you want a less arbitrary cut of point than germany has had 8 chancellors since 1945 whilst the uk has had 12 ( and by the time the 2020 election has happene , we 'll have increased our score by another one or two points ) . 
  wow ... let 's just let that sink in for a moment . 
  that 's more pms in the last 23 years than the uk has has since the war ended ( 12 pms since 1945 , whilst germany has had 8 chancellors in that period ) . 
  how come france has so many ? 
  i know it 's different because france has a president who 's notionally the head and appoints the government , but still . 
  yeah , but even when you have non-conservative governments , like the spd-green coalition led by gerhard schr\u00f6der from 1998 to 2005 ( lasting three elections ), 
  yeah , but then why is n't this the case with other countries ? 
  the nordic countries , france and the benelux do n't seem to have this degree of stability , do they ? 
  yeah , but blair and thatcher are exceptionally long serving prime ministers for the uk .
