  there 's likely conference calls going all over the place between the various nato countries , but the fact that obama did n't guarantee any sort of response apart from vaguely stating that `` there will be ` costs ' '' kind of illustrates that he ca n't rely on any action being available to him , which means that if nato does n't consent to intervene , then the usa wo n't do it alone , otherwise obama would have stated that there definitely would be military retaliation of some sort from the us . 
  that 's the way i see it at the moment . 
  obama has n't said anything specific because he does n't know if he has any avenues open to him . 
  * however * that does n't mean that no avenues will become open to him or the eu governments . 
  personally i 'm doubtful that all of nato will agree to act simply because this kind of action is not * officially * one of their competencies ( it 's primarily a defence organisation , not a foreign adventurers organisation ) and the large number of nato members means it is difficult to get any sort of consensus out of them . 
  but on the other hand there are many economic avenues that the world 's two largest economies ( eu # 1 and usa # 2 ) could very easily pursue against russia and ukraine , should that become necessary . 
  there 's also the possibility of the usa and a couple of other smaller partners like the uk and france acting unilaterally ( bilaterally ? ), 
  in ukraine and russia . 
  tl ; dr obama does n't know if he 'll be able to take any kind of action whatsoever but i 'd be very surprised if action did n't become available to him and eu governments . 
  maybe neither of them work ? 
  i think the initial zeal of being able to exchange and debate ideas finally started to wear off . 
  i still love reading other people 's opinions and i check all the posts on here daily , but i care less about putting my own opinion in now than i used to . 
  ( you can only say pro-europe , pro-reform so many times before you get tired of repeating yourself ) . 
  fewer posts , but ( hopefully ) better quality  it 's nice , and frankly pretty surprising that anybody would actually notice that i have n't been posting so much recently . 
  well , the eu is n't a federation so the answer is that you do n't need to be a federation to achieve it . 
  whilst the netherlands might have had a lot of this legislation already , it benefits from having every one else in the eu following the same legislation and also there are some things which just do not work at all ( like finance , economic policy , environmentalist policies , and telecommunications ) . 
  given how many different procedures they have to go through it 's quite impressive that they 've managed to get this much consensus out of the different eu countries . 
  i 'd be interested to see what they could achieve with a federal structure . 
  it would probably be much more impressive , as the confederal structure we have at the moment is extremely weak . 
  the giip countries are still far from the bottom . 
  [ living standards are still some of the highest in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2013_un_human_development_report_quartiles.svg ) ( as you can see , all of the giip countries make it into the top band ) , and [ gdp per capita is still incredibly high ] ( http://goo.gl/2eglu7 ) ( ireland is 15th out of about 200 countries , italy 26th , spain 27th , greece 36th and portugal 39th ) and [ income equality is also very good ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality ) , with all the giips except portugal being better than every single country in north or south america except for canada . 
  so ireland , italy , greece , spain and portugal are all doing pretty well in world terms . 
  in fact they 're doing fantastic by world terms . 
  unemployment and a lack of growth are the major problems that needs dealing with and they are very serious problems , but let 's not over state the problem and try to insinuate that the giips are some how third world or something . 
  they 're not . 
  quality of life is excellent in these places , even if it is significantly worse than what it was pre 2008 for a large number of people in those countries . 
  as a european , i feel pretty good about all the top three countries being european, 
  that could n't hardly be further from what i 'm saying . 
  what i 'm saying is that this is n't news . 
  a gun owners association would support a second amendment at just about any point in time , that they do it now is irrelevant . 
  they can advocate for whatever they want , but that does n't stop it being irrelevant, 
   right sector did . 
  their word matters today . 
  svoboda party did , they already registered a legislation in the parliament . 
  now * this * is news . 
  do you have a source for it ? 
  i wanted it to continue off screen so badly :(, 
  tbf , if there was going to be a real material conflict over ukraine , it would be more akin to world war three rather than a cold war . 
  i mean , a cold war is ` cold ' in that there 's no actual interaction between those who 're at war . 
  if russia invaded parts of ukraine , it would probably quite quickly materialise into a real , hot war , as opposed to proxy wars like korea , vietnam and cuba . 
  so * world war three * *** yaaaaaay ***, 
  in other news an organisation for people that own a particular thing , advocates that people be allowed to own that thing . 
  shocker . 
  if some other organisation at come up with this , then it would be news . 
  unfortunately this is a gun owners ' association and therefor almost meaningless . 
  i wish this map was done by constituency rather than country . 
  like [ zis ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fc/ep-constituencies.svg ), 
  i do n't think that they stand for the same values , but that there is a political party in the organisation in the united states which associates with the edl and is still electable speaks volumes about cultural norms . 
  yeah , this is why i go for the vague term ` political organisation ' because they are political and they seem organised . 
  personally i do n't feel qualified enough to comment myself ( it 's an incredibly nebulous topic ) but both of my politics teachers ( one specialises in us history and government whilst the other focuses on ideology and british governance ) would and have argued that us democrats are broadly in line with the british conservative party , which is on the british right wing . 
  additionally , as an example of american politics being much more right wing than british or european standards , the tea party ( which does actually get votes and has members of congress ) is linked with the english defence league which is just about the most extreme political organisation i can think of in this country . 
  it 's not taken seriously by any one apart from some skinheads . 
  we do n't need a unified military policy , but we do need a unified foreign policy . 
  i have a lot of issues with the whole article but i felt qualified to illustrate this particular issue . 
  on the video it indicates a chart showing voter turnout it in european elections dropping further and further as time goes on , but i thought i should point out that this is the trend in most european countries , [ particularly the uk ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/turnout45.htm ) . 
  i mean , in the uk for over a decade voter turnout has hovered between 59 % and 65 % . 
  is that enough for democratic legitimacy ? 
  are we really a ` demos ' if we can only garner 65 % of the population to actually turn up ? 
  this is without getting into the problem that , out of the meagre 65 % of the population which does turn out , you only need approximately 40 % of that to form a government because of the awful way fptp works ( no uk government has had a majority of the votes which were cast since c. 1945 ) . 
  somehow i do n't think the guy writing the article or speaking in the video would make the same arguments he is making about the eu to the uk government . 
  [ uk turnout was 34 % in the last european election ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/european-parliament-election-turnout.htm ) and and 43 % europe wide . 
  personally i think low voter turnout and apparent voter apathy is not a symptom of a lack of a common ` demos ' but is in fact an indication of large scale public contentment . 
  it 's certainly not satisfaction , but if you look at it in world terms we 're extremely near the top in terms of quality of life and many other factors . 
  the nature of the problems which we face are increasingly complicated and require more attention as time moves on ( as standards improve ) , so it 's not really an indicator of the public becoming less interested , but an indicator of people being so content that they wo n't put in more work themselves to really understand the problem . 
  this is n't necessarily a good thing , but it 's no where near the issues of democratic legitimacy for every single institution that the aecr would lead you to believe . 
  why would the ukrainian parliament want to create a smoke screen ? 
  the presidency i could understand , but it was mostly.opposite mps that got the bill passed and its in conjunction with many other much more tactile resolutions like election before december and deferment to the 2004 constitutive , which reduces the powers of the president , within 48 hours . 
  sounds pretty real to me, 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  populist arguments and rhetoric work with a lot of people , but that can only get you so far . 
  if there 's a live , public debate then clegg will be able to demonstrate and point out when he is using facetious arguments or rhetoric instead of making real points - and farage will be able to do the same to clegg on some of his more shaking points . 
  there 's a huge amount of liberals and anti-nationalists in this country and i think they 'll eat up what nick clegg says just as readily as how the nationalists and conservatives ( small ` c ' ) will eat up farage 's words . 
  what matters is who 's arguments are most convincing and if we can have an open discussion i am quite confident in the liberal body ended up larger . 
  oh god - can we please not resort to romantic metaphors for explaining diplomatic relations . 
  simplifying a sovereign state to the extent that you 're likening it to a human individual almost never allows you to even come close to giving an accurate representation of what 's happening . 
  the game of states is so much more complicated than that , so you need to explain it like it is or at the very least not resort to using emotional language like `` oh ukraine fell in love '' `` eu felt embararassed '' and `` friendzoned '' ( of all the words to use to describe international relations . . ) yeah , there 's a modicum of truth in this explanation , but it 's so far removed that it just becomes misleading . 
  please explain the situation like it as and stop anthropomorphising inherently un-anthropomorphis-able entities . 
  it 's like the arab-spring insofar as the arab-spring is like every other successful revolutionary movement ever . 
  all successful rebellions follow a similar pattern . 
  protests --  ( something - depends on the specific protest in question ) --  violence --  several stages of escalation --  and finally a drawn out war or the quick removal of the government . 
  this outline could be put on any successful rebellion . 
  i think that 's just part of being a successful website on the internet . 
  most of the users on the english speaking net are american , or at least it appears that way . 
  i might be wrong , but on every major site that seems to be what happens . 
  they are a little cheesy though . 
  it 's not my job to facilitate any or every random tourist that i happen to meet ` engaging with his cultural heritage ' . 
  if they want to learn to love the country they should do it by experiencing the real country and not some distorted idea of it where people will actually stop and chat to you about your family history on the bus or in the tram stop . 
  if you want to love scotland or any other part of the uk then you should learn that strangers do n't talk to each other much . 
  i 'm not gon na be a ` douche ' to them . 
  i 'm going to ensure that they can get on well with their holiday by leaving them alone , benefitting both of us . 
  they have n't come to this country to undo that caricature . 
  they 've come to embrace it . 
  i 'm playing no part in the furthering of false ideas . 
  this is all without getting into the issue of why i should care whether or not someone likes my country . 
  so what ? 
  what if they like the some chocolate as me , or the same beer or the same computers ? 
  it does n't really make much difference . 
  they happen to like the country i live in . 
  well , that 's nice . 
  i like it too .
