  you can hardly blame the press for not reporting 100 % on what you want 100 % of the time . 
  there are other issues going on, 
  that 's exactly what i want !, 
  they should simply be allowed residency ( and protection ) until their homeland is safe . 
  that 's also what 's currently trying to be implemented by the eu, 
  from what i understand , they 're somewhere within the range of fn , ukip and the tories , depending on what issue you talk about . 
  they have similarities and disimilarities with each . 
  -- look , i 'm not saying that the far right is in control . 
  what i am saying is that they are now terrifyingly popular . 
  13 % is hugely significant , even if the voting system currently locks them out of having many mps . 
  i 'm just trying to make it clear that the far right is n't as marginal as it once was . 
  it 's actually hugely significant , and worth making the effort to argue against . 
   it 's a simpler option i guess , easier to understand and easier to explain . 
  so it appeals to people more . 
  i doubt many elected representatives would seriously consider it ( bar trump , actually he 's not even an elected representative ... yet ) . 
  i think the french regional elections where the front national got over a quarter of the vote ( 27 % , the most popular party by far ) and the uk general election where ukip got 13 % beg to differ . 
  oh , and not forgetting the election of pis in poland . 
   the refugees abuse of that trust by trading in anonymity and refusing to answer questions that we need because it could possibly result in them being deported . 
  the question of who is legitimate and who is not is getting harder and harder to ascertain because of the actions of the migrants themselves . 
  my problem with this is that i have never been able to find any accurate figures on how many asylum seekers have actually done this . 
  i 'm not going to tar all refugees with the same brush just because some minority within them do something bad . 
  they 're not a homogenous group . 
  if you have any stats on how many refugees are without documentation , and how many within that group are likely to have done so deliberately , then i would be fascinated to hear it . 
  yes and no . 
  what you say is not unreasonable . 
  i agree that refugees and economic migrants should be responsible for their actions . 
  i also believe refugees can be criminals . 
  for instance , some of them are rapists . 
  i find that absolutely appalling and it should be stopped . 
  it 's not right that somebody 's person should be violated in that way . 
  it is one of the most serious crimes and the most serious violations of liberty imaginable short of murder . 
  whoever commits such acts , be they a legitimate refugee or otherwise , is morally responsible for what they have done . 
  my problem with what you say is that you believe a refugee 's moral right to safety is dependent upon their behaviour . 
  i do n't . 
  we abolished the death penalty in europe because we believe there to be a human right to life . 
  no matter how wicked you are , you should never be condemned . 
  and what 's more , you should never be condemned in such an awful way as being sent back to places like syria , where you 'll likely die bloodied and alone , and possibly be tortured first ( another human right violated ) . 
  so in my opinion somebody can be a criminal and a refugee , and that criminality includes being an illegal economic migrant . 
  it 's a legal and moral conundrum as to what you do with such a person . 
  and that 's been seriously down played by all sides in this debate . 
  the migrants have consistently been portrayed as either the devil incarnate or saints , depending on who you listen to . 
  the answer is always far more complex . 
  that 's the point i 'm trying to get across in this thread . 
  not that they are good or bad but that many of them are good and bad . 
  edit : yep , sure . 
  downvote me for saying that the situation is complex . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you do n't stop being a refugee when you are granted asylum in a foreign country , either . 
  you only stop being a refugee when you have found a safe * home * land . 
  if you are granted asylum , you are merely a guest . 
  it is not your home . 
  you 're still a refugee . 
   those people are the vocal minority and more importantly do not want to solve the crisis but the symptoms of the crisis , you just do n't get tempered but loud mouthed people ; or at least i 've never come across one . 
  i do n't know how you can never have come across one if you comment here regularly --   it 's just that , i also think we need to fulfil our human obligations to those who are fleeing war and persecution  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  totally agree . 
  but it seems that the option is n't often considered by most of the commenters here . 
  i 've only seen the option i explained above seriously considered , and that frightens me . 
  --   people keep pigeon-holing me as somehow being happy with the crisis and thinking everything is fine . 
  i do n't . 
   you should probably be a little clearer then , i admit i jumped to a conclusion about your thoughts ; but it was the underlying impression i got from your statement . 
  perhaps start off by saying you 're not happy with the situation , because as far as i could initially tell you seemed to be arguing against ( what i assumed was ) solving the crisis . 
  have you * seen * the volume i typically write per comment ? 
  the only way i could make myself any clearer is if i started writing dissertations . 
  i do n't think they 're so much trying to get to the uk as they are trying to get away from where they come from . 
  then they become an economic migrant . 
  they do n't stop being a refugee . 
  i was including the uk in that list of ` nor any country ' . 
  if my country suddenly got ensnared in a barbarous civil war like in syria , where the government turns on civilians and the civilians turn on each other and the outside world bombs us , i probably would n't feel safe anywhere . 
  i probably would just run . 
  not to france or germany or america , but just away . 
  when they are able to return to their homeland or when they acquire citizenship of a new country they can call their homeland . 
    my point is that neither france , nor any country , was a good option for them . 
  i do n't think they would trust the authorities in any place . 
  i do n't think many of the migrants even have an end goal . 
  i think they 're just running , and trying to hide somewhere where they think they will be left alone . 
   i can understand that , but i utterly object to them running around europe and hiding . 
  i actually agree . 
  i think that the system is chaotic and disruptive . 
  it should be changed and reformed . 
  people keep pigeon-holing me as somehow being happy with the crisis and thinking everything is fine . 
  i do n't . 
  i think the situation is terrible in terms of security in europe , and integration of refugees , and i think that we need a much more effective method to deport failed asylum seekers . 
  it 's just that , i also think we need to fulfil our human obligations to those who are fleeing war and persecution , where as a lot of others i argue with just want to put up some sort of giant wall and throw out all of the migrants . 
  well , that 's your opinion anyway . 
  for what it 's worth , i think you 're making a false dichotomy . 
  saying that you 're either a refugee or you 're an economic migrant is ** far ** too simplistic in my opinion . 
  we 're never going to find a compromise or a solution if we just continue with such blunt ways of thinking about migrants . 
  my point is that neither france , nor any country , was a good option for them . 
  i do n't think they would trust the authorities in any place . 
  i do n't think many of the migrants even have an end goal . 
  i think they 're just running , and trying to hide somewhere where they think they will be left alone . 
  i appreciate your high expectations and high levels of condescension . 
  -- edit : limitlessltd edited their comment . 
  it originally did n't original have the ' i knew those germans/etc were literally hitler ... ' but included a ` i 'm disappointed in you slyratchet ', 
  at this point i do n't actually think it 's bad enough for them to be expelled from the eu under article 7 . 
  the main issues are poland 's takeover of the public broadcaster , which significantly infringes on the freedom of the press , even if this part of the press is state owned . 
  although personally i consider the circumvention of the constitution by messing with the appointment of supreme court judges to be far worse . 
  again , neither of these is significant enough to lead to expulsion from the eu . 
  but i believe that it is the eu 's right to expel members and if poland in the near future goes further ( which it could ) then i believe at that point in time that it should be expelled . 
  i agree with all of that .
