  i 'm pro federal and pro referendum . 
  i think if the majority of a nation disagree with me , that i should n't get my way . 
  please , do n't discredit an entire argument or an entire concept ( like a federal europe ) just because there are some stupid people who support it . 
  the fans can often ruin a good thing . 
  should n't he be downvoted on a post by post basis ? 
  if someone says something really stupid in one comment , i might downvoted that comment , if throughout the rest of the thread they 're joining in perfectly well , then i 'll upvote him in the rest of the thread . 
  i read a little further and i fully agree his logic is , well i don ; t agree with it , but even if those comments are worthy of downvoting that does n't mean you downvote everything else he does . 
  why not just go onto his profile page and downvote everything he 's ever written ? 
  ( which btw , is also a direct breach of reddiquette ) . 
  can we also be allowed to have text by our flairs like we do on / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  given that a lot of us here are europhiles we tend to have quite mixed views on our nationalities . 
  a lot of people were born in one country , live in another and have family in a third . 
  forcing people to decide specifically which nation they identify with seems contra to the european project . 
  people would very easily be able to articulate their position in five words or so . 
  like : '' ( british flag ) briton living in spain '' '' ( spanish flag ) barcelona '' '' ( european flag ) switzerland '' '' ( german flag ) german exiled to france '' . 
  if you look through the threads in / r/britishproblems or / r/unitedkingdom or / r/ukpolitics you 'll see a lot of the inventive stuff people can do with a simple and * singular * line of text . 
  it allows for much better identification , ect , ect . 
  woohooo !, 
  thanks / u/bezbojnicul and the mod team !, 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  you 've complied with the reddiquette perfectly . 
  you have a legitimate opinion . 
  there 's no reason to downvoted you apart from people personally disagreeing with you which is explicitly against reddiquette . 
  do you guys all want us to become a load of sheeple ? 
  i may not agree with every one , but i want them to say their opinions . 
  i do n't come to places like reddit to have my ego stroked because i happen to hold the same opinion as every one else . 
  i want to see people with different views so that i can weight them against my own and come to a conclusion about what is best . 
  upvote based on whether something is insightful , and downvote if it is not productive or a troll or a spammer . 
  not because you disagree with them . 
  we can do without the anti america rhetoric . 
  i think that as a nationality , we do n't need to make hating on the usa part of the character . 
  we have plenty of other things to define our character . 
  this checks out . 
  now do it on live television !, 
  how dare you !, 
  feel the rathe of my downvote button !, 
  you should know better than to try and explain to people why their practices are idiotic and counterproductive !, 
   started off with the new dutch king ( i wonder if anyone here gives a shit though ) . 
  i give a shit sir !, 
  i often find slow news weeks have a certain charm to them . 
  it gives you a better insight into how the specific news outlets pick stories and try to suit their demographics . 
  glad slow weeks do n't come around too often , but it makes a nice change , especially when you do n't want to get angry about something . 
  i think hrodrik 's got it right . 
  i 'd quite like for us to all post what 's the biggest news item in our country/region at the time , but then we 'd just end up with all the same news anyway . 
  i 'm sure the boston bombings were the most prominent story in everyone 's news , so if we all said what our top stories were , they would have been pretty identical , with maybe a couple of anomalies . 
  i should probably have put a heading at the top to explain things again , but i got lazy this week . 
  i 'm open to revising the format in future though , if people want that . 
  also , does anyone know how to take this stupid blue thing off my name ? 
  it 's ostentatious :(, 
   jesus , easter , food , shopping , jesus christ , passover , traditional food , shopping for food , easter , jesus , eating ~ ~ in moderation ~ ~ , jesus , cross , churches , jesus , jesus ftfy, 
  the uk took the last one or two rounds , what with thatcher . 
  mighty northern europeans dominate in everything , even most interesting news , 
  thank you, 
  it was either that , or he did n't want to have break flow and say `` quiet for a minute , let me think '' . 
  if i was on national television and some one suddenly asked me `` what 's 12 times 12 times 9.5 divided by 3 ? '', 
  i could definitely answer it , but i would look pretty stupid for the minute or two it takes me to work it out in my head . 
  even the stress of it might make it impossible . 
  obviously this goes for historical questions too . 
  i study tudor history and if someone suddenly asked `` what year catherine of aragon die ? '', 
  i might have some trouble . 
  i 'm assuming your talking about france , because it 's quite unclear . 
  i 'm only guessing because you said `` hollande '' and even than i could be mistaken . 
  please make it clear what region you 're from . 
  asside from that , what 's the `` dailymotion case '' ? 
  do you think you 'd vote for ukip at a general election instead of just by-elections and local elections ? 
  to be fair , the lib dems were still the third largest party for a * long * time where as ukip is definitely one of the smallest both in terms of representation in governments ( eu , national and local level ) and in support . 
  it 's not so small that it 's irrelevant , but i think that the similarities between the lib dems and ukip is easily overstated . 
  to be honest , when a head of government makes a mistake like that , it usually makes the front pages . 
  david cameron studied the magna carta as part of his degree , but when on breakfast television they randomly decided to quiz him on it and guess what the headlines were the next day ? 
  *** `` prime minister can not remember what his degree was : shock !!!, 
  '' *** or something to that extent . 
  that 's even when he handled it extremely well . 
  they asked him some quite specific thing on it and he responded with something like `` you ca n't expect me to know that of the top of my head , it was a very long time ago . 
  now , moving on '' ( reinterpretation ) . 
  really quite reasonable . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9xsyxozvqi ) , i think . 
  sounds like a politician 's waffle to me . 
  i got about 5 minutes in and he had n't said anything and by had n't said anything , i of course mean that there was literally no substance . 
  if it takes him this long to start a speech , i doubted he 'll ever start and gave up . 
  it does n't sound like this changes much  the government of any member state , the european parliament or the commission may submit to the council ** proposals ** for the amendment of the treaties . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , this is what the european parliament already does with regards to legislation . 
  however , the council can just choose to ignore it . 
  on top of that , it does n't sound like anything will change because whilst the parliament can submit proposals for amendments , amendments to the treaties would still require consensus , instead of a simple majority . 
  which means that france can still block it . 
  at least that 's my understanding but i ca n't admit to actually reading about this in depth . 
  i might be proven wrong and i hope i am . 
  do you have a link with more info about about article 48.2 teu ? 
  a quick google did n't show much and i figured you probably have some good information . 
  is n't that italy ? 
  is n't this the same road as pictured in the op ? 
  it 's the one top gear went on when looking for the best driving road in the world , right ? 
   until france realises it 's not the centre of the world . 
  the french state will only realise that once the eu stops letting it act like the centre of the world . 
  if you treat your child like a king , it 's going to act like one whether or not it is a king . 
  but did n't the lisbon treaty come into effect several years ago . 
  what 's changed ? 
  maybe i read to quickly , but it does n't appear that anything has actually changed in terms of the powers of the parliament or the french opposition . 
  ok , they 're `` talking '' about giving the eu parliament more powers and of making some concession to france like having the court there , but it does n't sound like the motivation to give the eu parliament more powers has gotten much stronger since a few months ago and it does n't seem like the political will has changed at all among the council of ministers . 
  so basically this article is just saying `` the eu parliament has two seats , and some people would like to change that , and it 's been this way for some time now . '', 
  surely that whole fleg ' thing defines northern ireland quite well ?
