  at least this is the sort of thing i tihnk / u/olddoc may be referring to . 
  would be interested to hear more from them about it , as they seem to have thought about it a lot more than i have . 
  lots of things . 
  most of them incoherent . 
  where do i begin ? 
  i 'm gon na put chocolate spread on this baguette, 
  some interesting tit-bits  enda kenny spoke on behalf of sturgeon 's position in tuesday 's european council meeting . 
  the intervention was not spontaneous . 
  --  ireland 's is the only government that scotland has a direct relationship with , through the british-irish council , which has a permanent secretariat in edinburgh . 
  --  senators here have called for sturgeon to be invited to address the seanad on brexit before it adjourns for the summer recess later this month . 
  --  in 2012 , no scottish government ministers visited ireland and just one went the other way . 
  there have been more than a dozen such visits in the past 18 months alone . 
  was about to downvote , then realised what you were saying was so stupid that i looked at the name . 
   about 1000 searches it 's never explained how they got to the ' 1000 ' figure . 
  it 's just randomly asserted in a linked blog post ( [ this one ] ( https://medium.com/@remysmith/very-interesting-article-ill-admit-to-having-succumbed-to-that-against-which-you-re-railing-f82fb88d6a23#.4ijzr6lta ) ) . 
  what the post you linked to says is very relevant information . 
  we should all use google trends responsibly . 
  but the 1,000 figure came out of nowhere , so we should not trust that part of the article . 
  we can not know how high the surge was unless google tells us or it 's leaked . 
  all we know is that there was a very discernible surge . 
  treat that as you will . 
  if there 's a particular issue you care about . 
  for instance , if you work somewhere and notice that the minimum wage is being abused by an employer , or that they 're not allowing you your paternity/maternity leave/paid holiday/whatever , then you may want to book an appointment with them to say `` look , this is an issue for me . 
  can you do something about my employer ? 
  can you help fix the law here ? '' . 
  representatives are often a good way to access solutions to your problems . 
  i mean , when i was little the public services almost took us away from our parents due to being home educated , even though we were getting everything we needed and then some . 
  we contacted our mp and they basically realised this was the case and told the services to fuck off . 
  or you could do it discuss issues that effect you slightly less personally but are nontheless important . 
  any titles particularly worth reading ? 
  i 've flicked through a few pages before but never found anything that lept out to me . 
  we 're all effected in different ways . 
  young people do have many problems to face , but so do pensioners , whose pensions are now worth so much less due to the fluctuations in the pound ( which will get worse as brexit gets closer ) and the working class due to the currency and to the fact there 'll be less jobs , ergo more poverty . 
  at least the young are mobile and at least they have few savings and permanent expenses to lose . 
  the working classes and pensioners have lots to lose . 
  depends how you look at it , it sucks for all of us , just some more than others . 
  i mean , they 're not wrong . 
  survey a representative sample of the public and we 're wrong on almost everything ( as a group _ . 
  huge pro-remain campaigner here : just wanted to give a slightly alternative interpretation : i think what you 're saying comes off as slightly pejorative towards those that voted leave , that people who voted leave are bad people . 
  i certainly think voting leave was a bad decision , and especially the demographics which voted to leave ( younger pensioners , the working class , rural folk ) are somewhat akin to turkeys voting for christmas , *** but *** i do n't think you can blame most of these people for the decisions they made . 
  the british public has been told for decades that politics is broken . 
  they have been told that public services are being eroded . 
  they have been told ( to quote one of nigel farage 's posters ) that the country is at `` breaking point '' . 
  and from the perspective of most people that voted ` leave ' the nation * is * at breaking point . 
  inequality is at an all time high ( and therefore so is relative poverty ) . 
  public services like the nhs are seriously underfunded for the crises they 're facing . 
  there are genuinely too many people and too few houses . 
  for the people that voted leave , they did so despite the uncertainty it would cause . 
  they did so despite all of the economists telling them it would be bad . 
  some surveys i 've seen even estimate that a majority of leave voters thought it would be bad for the country . 
  but they voted leave anyway . 
  why ? 
  because if you live in relative poverty , you believe your country is at breaking point , you believe that the country is on the wrong track , then you 'll take a chance . 
  you 'll risk losing everything you have in order to make it better , because at the end of the day you do n't believe you 've got much in the first place . 
  if you 've got nothing , then you 've got nothing to lose . 
  tl ; dr : yes , brexit is bad , especially for those that voted brexit . 
  but if you spend every day being told that the country is at `` breaking point '' and you see things getting worse around you , do n't be surprised when people grasp at the opportunity for change , even if they believe that change is bad . 
  people will gamble everything if they believe they 've got so little that there 's nothing they have worth losing . 
  creating a new city has come up a few times with european affairs ( people often talk about building a new capital of the eu , along the lines of washington dc in america ) but i 've just never thought that was a good idea . 
  the thing which makes europe 's ( and greece 's ) urban centres really great is their sense of history and permanence . 
  the fact that these cities , the buildings in them , have been around for hundreds of years and will be there in hundreds of years more . 
  i do n't think we should throw away that culture by just starting to build random new ones when we have such good ones already on offer . 
  let 's develop what we have , not start from scratch . 
  ( i agree that it probably should n't be athens though . 
  athens has gotten enough . 
  there 's the rest of greece to think about ) . 
  rot armee fraktion were dicks , but still , comparing daesh to them reflects too well on daesh . 
  that guy has a few tweets with more pictures . 
  the first ones are the most striking . 
  is looking both ways really self evident though ? 
  i remember my parents teaching me to do it , and know many other parents doing so too . 
  so even your example of something that 's clearly self evident is n't that self evident . 
  it has to be taught . 
  and so do we need to teach about voting . 
  it 's ian duncan smith , former work and pensions secretary and former tory party leader ( from around 2000 till around 2003 or something ) who dramatically resigned , penning a public letter to the government which basically called in to question the entire premise that cameron and osborn and stood in ( that we are all ` in it together ' ) . 
  ^ ( as a side note , i always feel slightly harsh when i distil some politician 's entire career down to a few lines on reddit ), 
  would have preferred a lib dem on the panel and watch the hilarity ensure as they say they 'd keep britain in europe if they win a general election , causing abbot and saubry to implode , nuttall and raab to explode with rage , and salmond to not along approvingly ( well , they ca n't all be dramatic ) . 
   as far as i and everyone i know are concerned , you are welcome here whenever you would like to visit or to contribute . 
  apart from you just voted to get out of the eu 's freedom of movement ... which means europeans can no longer just move to the uk without proof that they are financially self-sufficient or getting a working visa . 
  oh god you 're the guy who wrote seven questions . 
  i 'll hazard a go when i get home if i 'm having trouble sleeping, 
  unlikely . 
  amaers sometimes return to answer quetions afterwards , but the referendum is kind of a big deal so i 'm fairly certain she wo n't have the time . 
  but maybe !, 
  it wo n't be . 
  this was a cut in emissions . 
  even though eu group has been slow over the past few years , it 's in the positive . 
  otoh emissions have gone down . 
  if we had had an eu wide recession where we lost 20 % of our gdp then maybe that would explain it but that 's not the case , because the eu economy is actually a lot bigger than it was in 1990 . 
  so she answered questions and gave answers that you thought were good . 
  the questions that are left do n't seem any more difficult than the ones she did answer . 
  more even . 
  i 've seen other amas where people answered half as many questions as this , and only a fraction of the detail, 
  but also so many answered questions . 
  is the glass 10 % empty or 90 % full ? 
  thank you very much for doing this , especially at such short notice !, 
  you answered a lot of questions with good levels of detail , even including [ some ones that were pretty out of left field ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4p9r4p/im_kerry_mccarthy_mp_ama/d4j74zh ) !, 
  it was great to have you !, 
  out of curiosity , what are you on the fence about ? 
  if you have a spare moment : advice to someone who wants to become vegetarian/vegan but just really , really loves meat and lacks willpower ... ?
