  that there 's rock and monkeys . 
  also i heard somewhere that there 's gambling but i really am stretching what i know about the place . 
  to be honest i 'm surprised there were any stereotypes, 
  i ca n't think of any stereotype more true than the tea . 
  it does rain quite often , but not like our stereotype makes out . 
  the tea one is just spot on . 
  same here . 
  we had lightning and everything and i felt sorry and smug at all those people i know are camping in the peek district . 
  there does n't really need to be one national debate on things in the way you 're thinking . 
  finland , belgium , switzerland , spain and singapore are testament to that . 
  the really pivotal parts of the important arguments * always * get translated and spread around the rest of europe anyway . 
  you 'll notice that every few days or weeks you see some quote by angela merkel or francois hollande or another important european leader ending up on the front pages of all ( most ) of our english speakers newspapers . 
  and it 's the same with non english speaking ones . 
  if there 's going to be any chance of the eu sending people into battle or being an important part of the process of sending people into battle then the leader of the eu needs to be democratically accountable . 
  the leader should be a member of the parliament like most of the eu 's constituent countries . 
  the more powers the eu accumulates the less it can act like a supervisory organisation and the more it needs to act like a real government with democratic legitimacy . 
  at the moment it 's not quite a government and so does n't need full democratic legitimacy , but it 's getting close to really needing it . 
  there 's no excuse for the eu taking powers and not allowing its citizens more so as it does so . 
  personally i have no problem with drones that do n't carry weapons . 
  not sure what i think about ones which do carry weapons though . 
  but i think that 's besides the real point here . 
  it 's all about whether the eu should be doing this is or not that 's the really point of contention . 
  so long as it works ... 
  i 'd like the eu to become more democratically legitimate first . 
  i mean , i 'm a politics student and i 've studied the eu and do n't think the democratic deficit is * that * much of an issue but i would still like it to be resolved before the eu starts going down the path of building an army . 
  so i 'm kind of luke warm on this one . 
  it 's a step forward yeah , but it 's a step forward and slightly to the side , and to the side there lays a huge and dangerous hole which could swallow you whole . 
  most people would not recognise the flag of uzbekistan or know any of the meaning behind it . 
  however , they might consult an atlas or ask someone who 's knowledgable on the subject and find out that the flag was designed , was intended to represent the central asian state of uzbekistan . 
  intention matters . 
  i do n't think we 'll see any money being saved for quite a while . 
  the national intelligence agencies like mi6 ( or is it 5 ? ), 
  and the militaries would need to relinquish their drones and use the european union ones instead for their to actually be tax reductions . 
  this is quite a way from happening . 
  i hope it does happen at some point and i think it * eventually * will . 
  but not for a while yet . 
   `` after weeks of intensive talks , i can announce that i am satisfied with the offer of a price undertaking submitted by china 's solar panel exporters , '' so by that he means that the people who sell the solar panels will change the price that they are selling it at , presumably by making them more expensive so that european solar panels are still competitive . 
  right ? 
  so long as we can both agree that whether the author has something to gain or not has no affect on how valid the author 's argument is . 
  though i 'm not quite sure hypocrisy is the right term here . 
  being a hypocrite requires holding two completely opposing points of view . 
  for instance demanding that nobody kills animals whilst eating meat . 
  and i 'm not sure how polish official is being a hypocrite here . 
  do you know if those flags are decent quality ? 
  it 's hard to tell, 
  i prefer that people put me in a box because of my nationality and not because of my political opinions . 
  if i have a flag then i am first and foremost a british person to everyone . 
  everything else is subordinate to that fact because that fact is the most prominent and it is the thing everyone remembers about me . 
  if i have no flag then they 'll be forced to put me in a box based on my political opinions which i do n't like because then one of my political opinions ( which might not even be very important to me ) ends up being how i get pigeon holed . 
  i do n't want people to think that i am first and foremost a eurofederate or against the banning of porn which depicts rape . 
  it means that to other people the most important thing about me is that i am against rape born being banned . 
  i 'd much rather be remembered for something far more permanent , like my nationality . 
  additionally , being pigeon holed by your nationality is fairly harmless . 
  people know there 's very little information you can actually gleam from that which is not the case with political opinions . 
  the un flag is quite a good analogy . 
  i would actually like to use a european flag , but i feel as though it would be redundant just like using a un flag in / r/worldnews would be, 
  this is pretty similar to what i think . 
  the eu flag is just one big block which does n't really tell you anything . 
  i mean the flag represents so much , you 'd never be able to actually interpret any meaning out of it . 
  i 'd quite like to have both flags . 
  it would show my specific bit of europe , which is good for context , and show that i feel part of this thing we call europe . 
  lastly , we 're all european here anyway ( well mostly ) . 
  it would be weird to work into work one day with a little union jack or saint george 's cross on my chest and say `` it 's to identify me as british '' . 
  every one there is british ( mostly ) just like everybody here is european . 
  might i ask where you got that euro flag ? 
  i 've had no luck finding such things :(, 
  i was under the impression that when the council of europe created the flag , the intended it as a flag for all of europe , not just institutions which choose to use the flag . 
  so is n't it the flag of all europe but also a couple of institutions use the flag for themselves ? 
  the messenger does have a reasonable stake , however that has no effect on how valid their argument is . 
  i could be the most bias person in the world , but if my argument is good then my argument is good . 
  if you ca n't prove the polish minister is wrong by using the argument he actually represents to you then he must have a pretty good argument , must n't he ? 
  it might be helpful to mention where you come from or where you 've been before or what you 're interests are . 
  or what languages you speak . 
  i 've met a few conservatives , eurosceptics and pro thatcher people in my time . 
  i ca n't say i 've met many given that i live in sheffield in the north of england but i think that a lot of the people that i 've met would sympathise with the author a lot more after he mentioned that thatcher dedicated him one of her books . 
  i would like for all arguments to be based solely on the message and for there to be no need to rely on `` well mr z thinks i 'm clever '' , but in reality we 're going to have to sometimes because not everyone is going to really know every topic inside out and be able to evaluate an argument effectively . 
  so they let authority help them and devolve some of their decision making and opinion forming to trusted individuals . 
  i think the author did a good job here . 
  criticise the message , not the messenger, 
  pfffft , is n't france gay now ? 
  you should treat both sexes equally !, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1j3aj3/series_melting_pot_friday/cbb29bj hast du spa\u00df bitte !, 
   welcome to the first melting pot friday !, 
  a fun and silly weekly thread . 
  every friday , we post in our native tongues or in any other language that is n't english . 
  there is no overall topic , so feel free to talk about whatever you want !, 
  it 's also a pretty good opportunity to see how well you know another language . 
  ** and if you only know english , well , then i suppose that 's what you 'll have to use . 
  is it bad i enjoyed the cringeworthy one more than all the others ? 
  it 's obviously not a comprehensive selection of videos which get posted to / r/europe but it still feels like the esa video thing spends a lot of time talking about boring stuff on the ground rather than space . 
  i mean , even a cringeworthy video about space would at least be * about space * . 
  where as a lot of the esa videos are just about stuff on the ground and tend to be quite bad too . 
  for instance the video posted above is really having difficulty finding stuff to talk about and goes into stuff like tourism and mythology which really has no place in a video by the space agency . 
  every time the european * space * agency uploads a video , it seems to be a lot more about the stuff that 's been going on on the ground rather the the stuff which is going on in space . 
  the videos always seem to be quite mute about space to be honest . 
  odd, 
  the thing is , you have n't even really confirmed any world view or said the words ukip , military or religion . 
  you 've simply stated why a ukip supporter would support ukip . 
  you have n't even really affiliated yourself with a particular viewpoint . 
  in that post , anyway .
