  sounds good to me . 
  that 's the stuff eu member states could really benefit from harmonising . 
  school fruit and milk ? 
  ok , member the eu has over stepped its remit , but to be fair , there 's a lot of people who think that the government forcing schools to provide certain foods is a the government interfering too much . 
  if , in that case , the national government is intervening too much , surely it is ridiculous for the eu level government to be intervening . 
  i do n't say anything of much interesting in this report . 
  on an unrelated note , i wonder when/if china 's set to overtake the eu 's economic might . 
  there 's some estimate for when it will overtake the us , but i have n't heard if for the eu because every one forgets how fucking huge we are , including us . 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  people who call it ulster are generally unionist , as in they want to remain in a union with the uk . 
  people who want a united ireland would be called republicans because they want to be part of the republic of ireland . 
  that 's my understanding anyway . 
  i 'm not irish personally , but keep up with the news as much as you can expect an english person to . 
  well the moon was belgian ... look what you 've done ... 
  it 's going to be like neu schwabia, 
   btw , he is the one who called it ulster . 
  i gleaned that it had some political significance * pheeew * close one . 
  it 's a very touchy subject . 
  if you do n't put a disclaimer in there somewhere , it virtually always leads it virtually always leads to arguments . 
  at least on the internet . 
  the upvote-downvote system can work . 
  just because there 's evidence of it not working does n't mean it ca n't work . 
  the right brothers tried to make a plane . 
  many many times it did not work . 
  did those first few failed attempts prove that humans could not fly ? 
  no they did not . 
  additionally , europeans used to believe there could never be a black swan , because all swans they had ever seen were white . 
  however , when they sailed around the world they found there could be black swans and were proved wrong . 
  it 's called contingent truth aka truth based on past evidence . 
  i hope that if all regulars in / r/europe are educated on the reddiquette and are forwarned that you are expected to stick to it here , that the reddiquette can remain to be a very good system of quality control . 
  it 's worth noting that there 's no proof he did any of this . 
  i 'm saying this as someone who supports the removal of / r/davidreiss666 but i think it should be stated that , by nature , non of the incriminating evidence can be verified . 
  it 's all based on what other redditters have said as opposed to any concrete proof . 
  personally i want him gone because i would rather not take the chance of having someone who does that kind of crap being a mod here , but i think there 's also a chance he did n't do it because non of the evidence is there . 
  there could never be any evidence , but , yeah . 
  it 's tricky . 
  for any that 's interested , there 's an entire subreddit dedicated to comics like that , it 's called / r/polandball, 
  he admitted it , after journalists already found out and questioned him on it . 
  most politicians will realise the games up and cut their losses . 
  he 's just as bad as the rest . 
  i think you 're being almost as closed minded as you think i 'm being in the way you assume i 'm some how `` retarded '' or that i `` do n't understand '' . 
  surely my lengthy response which touches on a variety of relevant issues with relevant information and conclusions is some what of a validation of my understanding of the subject material ? 
  so i would kindly ask that you respect my intelligence on the subject , or at the very least , give me the benefit of the doubt that i 'm not an idiot . 
  you 'll find yourself a lot more willing to change your point of view if you do n't immediately consider any one who disagrees with you an idiot or a fool . 
  anyway , i think you 're over stating the value of the trident program and of having the `` best submarines in the world '' . 
  furthermore , what 's the benefit of having the best submarine industry in the world ? 
  i 'm sure there is a lot of gross domestic product and revenue which comes from the british submarine industry , but i think there are more important things and i also do n't think the revenue/jobs/ect are that fantastic that we should go on spending the 2 billion which could be converted to other courses . 
  if you have some interesting economic evidence which contradicts me , i would find that greatly interesting and i hope that you link it to me . 
  secondly on the economic benefits of the submarine industry . 
  i 've said before , just because we stop funding trident does not mean the uk sub industry will disappear . 
  it might not be the best in the world ( if it is currently ) , though i 'm not sure it 'll necessarily get worse , but let 's assume it will . 
  the uk sub industry will continue and if it gets smaller it 'll still rake in huge amounts of jobs and revenue . 
  though there will be an obvious loss , as there is with any loss of government funding . 
  thirdly , i believe that the lost in government funding to the sub industry will be recooped by a growth in the space industry . 
  the space industry already makes up 6 billion pounds in the british economy and could easily grow much much larger both as a percent of economic activity and as in terms of the size of the number in pound sterling . 
  furthermore , the space industry is only going to get more and more important as companies like virgin galactic and that venture by google founder larry page to mine space rocks ( i forget the name of the venture ) , among many others . 
  the space industry will only get bigger and more important where as subs wont necessarily . 
  with things like the nuclear non proliferation treaty , there 's certainly going to be no new nuclear subs getting built . 
  so that 's my argument . 
  i hope you find it well thought and certainly not retarded . 
  edit : it 's very nice of you to downvote me every time i reply to simply because i disagree with you . 
  that 's not exactly what the button is for if you read the reddiquette . 
  because you 're trying to make me tell you what label you are for an incredibly niche point of view . 
  it was a joke . 
  if you have no opinion or are ambivalent , that 's fine , but do n't expect there to be a term started with `` euro ... '' that perfectly explains your point of view and do n't expect me to tell you what it is . 
  shhhhh , you 're making people aware of my plan . 
  there 's no way people will leave the eu if we spend ~ $ 2 billion a year on it , all that shit we paid for being left as freebies for the europeans ? 
  nobody 'd have it . 
   giving up that technology and investment would cost the uk dearly and be very short sighted i disagree . 
  the investment would not be lost , it would be diverted to other areas . 
  the argument about jobs and the economy is kind of null , because any kind of government spending creates jobs and goes back into the economy . 
  who 's economy it goes into , is a different question . 
  if money was diverted to the esa , then money would be going to the european economy , which is something i am fully ok with . 
  secondly , the nuclear technology might be lost , but i do n't even think that 's a worth while argument . 
  we might need it one day , but we have plenty of nuclear weapons wielding allies like the usa and france . 
  heck , the usa still has nuclear weapons on our soil . 
  secondly , if there 's actually no other benefit to keeping the technology around and if we assume that if stopping program would mean the loss of such nuclear technology ( two big ifs ) then why should we waist the money on keeping an industry alive if it 's literally no use to us and will only potentially be of use to us many decades down the road ? 
  additionally , we * might * lose the nuclear technology ( we might not because the companies have other people to sell to ) it would be replaced by the advancements which could be made in the space industry , which would support more jobs and also support a growing industry ( space industry ) . 
  so yes , t 's more complicated than `` that '' but it 's also not as complicated than you 're making it out . 
  there are more issues than simply spending money on trident or spending it on something else , but there 's not much beyond that and there 's also very good counter arguments to the pro trident arguments . 
  then you should get your ass of the fucking fence and make your mind up, 
  if you think the implementation is bad , but you want to ultimately remain in the eu , then you would * not * be eurosceptic . 
  you 'd probably just be indifferent in terms of the labels `` european federalist '' and `` eurosceptic '' ect . 
  pretty much all labels like those refer to the eu , and not the idea of european unity in general . 
  for instance , even nigel farage is pro europe in some senses , given that he wants to retain the common market . 
  generally the term means skeptical of the eu and not of european unity in general or pan european institutions like the council of europe . 
  however , if you 're euroskeptic you could be skeptical of european unity as well . 
  i 'd love that . 
  you could open a new survey and release the data from the previous one at the same time , and keep the most recent survey in the side bar so people have all month to do it , incase they miss the op . 
  you only allowed me to pick one kind of recreational drug :(, 
  belgium 's a rather weak country you know . 
  it would be a shame if someone ^ ( invaded ) . 
  it would be so easy for them , and they 'd get so much territory ... * licks lips *, 
  come on !, 
  you do n't even have an empire any more ^ ( like we do ) . 
  [ found this graph from 2005 ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/47271000/jpg/_47271732_f54cd710-8384-4514-8b9c-f241683f6bee.jpg ) i 'd love to see a more up to date one which includes more countries . 
  but if the situation is the same as in 2005 , then the is notable scope for a lot of improvement , in a variety of different ways . 
  edit : found some other interesting stuff . 
  the uk trident nuclear program costs about [ # 2.2 billion ] ( http://fullfact.org/factchecks/cost_trident_nuclear_deterrent-28864 ) and the esa 's budget is about $ 4.3 billion . 
  as british citizen , i know what i 'd rather the money go towards .
