  welcome to the benefits of the schengen area and of the eu . 
  makes me realise how peaceful a lot of our lives are , 
  you mean , you just earned a * dedicated * fan . 
  good job you !, 
  not really much more dangerous than a anything less than 100 % minimum . 
  once you need less than 100 % of the population to vote , it makes it extremely easy for things to get passed without a majority of the population voting for it , and then you start getting into all sorts of problems about democratic legitimacy . 
  however , in practice this is n't really a problem . 
  if people cared enough about the issue to actually take thirty minutes to vote , then there 's little to worry . 
  a lot of people do n't vote because they do n't care . 
  and why should they care ? 
  life is pretty good and a lot of people acknowledge their own lack of knowledge on the subject and so abstain . 
  it 's not really a problem . 
  the people who care , will vote . 
  i wanted a link too , but i could n't quite make myself explicitly ask for a link to a news story about that :p, 
  could you link to the thing about 47 % of austrians supporting croatian membership of the eu ? 
  seems kind of low , and an odd thing to survey on . 
  would you rather have tax increases or huge cuts to public services ? 
  in europe every one seems to be cutting rather than taxing and i 'd like at least some diversity in the way people try and deal with their budget deficits . 
  i mean , if we all do things the exact same way and then found out there 's a problem with what we 're doing ... 
  hedge your bets , y' know ? 
  that would be pretty surprising . 
  surely the endless stream of pictures and realities a gynaecologist has seen would put him completely off doing things with a vagina , especially a patient . 
  and every one will be shocked that someone actually had the nerve to drug themselves up for the tour de france , as if it has n't been happening for the past one hundred years . 
  i 'll message one of the mods to see if they can add it  you do n't have to wear it , but we 've added the flags of much less populated and autonomous regions of europe , so we should add saxony as well . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fd/flag_of_saxony.svg/120px-flag_of_saxony.svg.png ) is the flag of saxony , correct ? 
  the thing with why i like privacy of information is because whilst currently the us and most european nations are legally bound to persecute individuals in all sorts of specific ways and never deviate from procedure , there 's no reason it will always be that way . 
  i do n't like putting my faith in the government to ` do the right thing ' . 
  in an ideal world , the government would have access to neither my private information ( which includes my metadata ) or to arrest/persecute me without due process , however one of those things is already breached and it 's been breached for a very long time without us knowing . 
  well , that 's good for you because you 're a fine upstanding citizen who 's never had a phone call with someone they should n't . 
  i , however , might have ( in the past ) called up someone the government thinks i should n't and i 'd rather they not know i called this person . 
  i do n't think i was doing anything wrong and nor would any one else . 
  however , if the police and other such agencies knew i had a phone conversation with this person , they might start looking more closely at me and getting the wrong ideas . 
  you see , it 's all ok if you have nothing to hide . 
  but i like the ability to hide my information from the government , because sometimes the government gets it wrong . 
  furthermore , if it 's a foreign government like the usa , i have much more reason to be scared . 
  when my brother was on a flight there some guys on his plane ( he did n't know them ) got turned around in jfk international airport because they tweeted something vaguely terroristy sounding in a sarcastic way . 
  yeah , they probably should n't have made the joke and it was probably tastless and it was on a publicly visible platform , but they still got turned around for it . 
  if they 're going to turn you around for making a sarcastic joke , i wonder what they 'd do if the only information they had about me was that i phoned up some drug dealer/trafficker . 
  personally , i 'd be a little scared that they 'd lock me up , just to be safe . 
  or worse . 
  ok , yes , i 'm taking this to extremes . 
  however , this is why i do n't want people spying on my information . 
  they could misinterpret things . 
  and once they 've misinterpreted things , who know what they 'll do with it , or to me ? 
  not to mention , i do n't know what the usa 'll be like in five or ten or twenty years time . 
  maybe they 'll be much more ok with locking me up for longer periods of time . 
  i might not be able to count on the uk or eu government getting me back . 
  ect i hope this makes sense . 
  gosh it seems stupid not to be able to buy a ticket on the bus . 
  i mean , when you go to your local supermarket , they try and put the places where you buy the food as close as possible to where you select the food . 
  on a bus , the closest place is literally at the front of the bus where the bus driver sits . 
  is there much chance of the government collapsing ? 
  i mean , if a party has withdrawn from the coalition , they 're going to have to push through legislation , and if they ca n't push through legislation surely the government would collapse . 
  how far away is the greek government from that happening ? 
  you might want to put a flag next to your name so we know which region you 're talking about . 
  it gets confusing if you have to read half a post before you know where any of these things are happening . 
  based on the amount of croatia news in this sub recently , i 'm not surprised . 
  i do n't think it 's the religion that europe will be built in opposition to , it will be islamic states like syria , iran , saudi arabia and so on . 
  damn , they always slip me up when i type fast . 
  there 's an argument form fallibility . 
  whenever someone has a different point of view to me , and neither of us can convince the other i just go with the argument form fallibility . 
  basically , i could be just as wrong as he is , so i do n't force my view on this person any longer . 
  because if he believes something so strongly that he will not drop it and i believe a different thing so strongly that i will not drop it , one of us * must * be wrong . 
  however , i do n't know which one of us that is . 
  i do n't like assuming that i 'm some how endowed with superior cognitive abilities than certain other people . 
  that would be going down a vaguely fascist route . 
  there 's no reason i 'm smarter than you , and yet we come to different conclusions . 
  when you start talking about `` educating '' other people , like ourselves , you 're basically saying that you 're some how much better endowed in terms of knowledge than all the rest of us , because there 's absolutely no chance that you could be wrong . 
  which is quite condescending of you . 
  tl : dr please do n't talk as if you 're somehow more knowledgable than whoever you happen to be arguing with . 
  there 's no evidence for it . 
  it just frustrates people and makes moving on impossible . 
  that 's the vision and also largely the realty . 
  the commission has the sole right of legislative initiative in the eu . 
  that makes it pretty powerful and a pretty dominant figure . 
  the thing is , the ec ca n't just do what it wants . 
  no core-executive can . 
  can obama suddenly declare war on whom ever he pleases ? 
  no , because congresses will refuse to declare war and cut military funding next time the budget comes around , because congress is the thing ultimately in control . 
  in the usa , congress can do what ever they like . 
  they can even impeach the president or supreme court judges , so long as they get a super majority . 
  it 's the same in the eu . 
  the council of ministers is the one really in charge , but they rely on the core executive to implement thing . 
  if the core executive ( president of the usa , european commission , cabinet in the uk ) does not do what the legislative ( congress , european parliament + council of ministers , parliament ( uk ) ) branch of government wants , then the core executive can say goodbye to its position and say hello to impeachment from the legislative branch . 
  the european commission is the eu 's government . 
  it does government things like making a budget , running certain services like the common market and euro battle groups , has its own courts , enforces its own laws , makes its own laws , and has a semi active foreign policy . 
  it even has elections . 
  to me , the eu looks pretty similar to a state . 
  it 's just more of a confederation than a federation . 
  might i remind you that before the usa that we know today was formed under a federal form of government , it had a predecessor , the articles of confederation . 
  the eu is even stronger than that first incarnation of the usa . 
  if the usa under the articles of confederation can be called a single state or have a single government , the eu definitely can . 
  spanish politicians being spanish politicians . 
  i 'm not saying other politicians do n't have secret swiss bank accounts , but i am saying that they do n't stash over sixty million euros in it . 
  there 's politicians ' corruption , then there 's the spanish politicians ' corruption . 
  yeah , i 'm pro eu and everything , but this is getting a little tiring . 
   the reason the eu wo n't do anything is because there is neither an eu government please explain what the european commission is . 
  if that 's not the core executive of the european government , i do n't know what could be . 
  furthermore , why is the president of the european commission present at meetings of the g8 ? 
  only members of government are allowed in the g8 , so what is barroso doing there ?
