  that 's why i said the arguments should be made more loudly and more often . 
  i believe that a european armed forces is fundamentally a very good idea and that people will naturally be convinced of the argument 's validity on its own merits . 
  there 's no need to force people to do it , because we 'll end up there eventually through rational debate and discourse . 
  edit : also , hi llanita . 
  where have you been for so long ? 
  i 've missed you !, 
  some information about public opinion regarding a european army  more than four europeans out of ten ( 43 % ) consider that the decisions concerning european defence policy should be taken by the european union . 
  only 17 % of the respondents think that nato should take them while 24 % think that the national governments should be entrusted with them . 
   far more italians ( 63 % ) consider that decisions concerning european defence policy should be taken by the european union . 
  they are followed by the french ( 56 % ) and the citizens of luxembourg ( 53 % ) . 
  belgium , another of the six founder countries of the european community , is also above the european average in this field ( 49 % ) . 
  on the other hand , two other founder countries , the netherlands and germany , are more divided : respectively 40 % and 38 % of their citizens opt for the european union . 
  ireland and the united kingdom , two islands , are the only countries where a majority of respondents clearly put their own national government in first place with respectively 36 % and 31 % of the answers . 
  with denmark , these countries rank also as two of the less pro-european countries . 
  as far as finns and austrians are concerned ( two `` non-aligned '' countries during the cold war ) , they waver between their own government ( respectively 42 % and 36 % ) and the european union ( 41 % and 36 % ) . 
  denmark is the only country where nato clearly ranks in first position ( 40 % against 27 % for the european union and 27 % for the own national government ) . 
  [ source : european commission ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_146_summ_en.pdf ), 
  those country balls ... 
  the beginning was very garish , but once it actually got onto the meat of the video , it was pretty good . 
  lots of strong arguments for a unified european military which should be made more loudly more often . 
  well , he was just about as `` outside the system '' as one can be . 
  he was an economics professor at a major british university ( iirc it was the london school of economics , but i 'm not sure ) . 
  it 's a very unorthodox path to get into politics from . 
  most people who have any background in academia have to still work their way up the food chain first , by being advisors , then low ranking parliamentarians and then eventually serious parliamentarians . 
  varoufakis jumped all of the intermediary steps and went straight to the second most important job in greece . 
  wow . 
  that 's actually pretty impressive , to be able to talk your way out of a fight after it 's already begun . 
  still , i doubt he talked his way out of the fight by being 100 % truthful . 
  in politico.eu 's podcast they were actually mentioning how the eu is interestingly increasing its ability to help refugees in the med by reinforcing border protection . 
  the ships which are being sent out are supposed to stop people coming through , but if they see people in distress they are legally obligated to help and ferry them to safety . 
  it 's quite a nifty little way of the eu being really effective in a given area despite legal constraints . 
  for those that do n't know , it 's worth noting that the german president has almost no power . 
  he 's a bit of a figure head , like the uk queen , only he is actually allowed to have and espouse his political opinions . 
  gauck 's also being somewhat careful with his words . 
  he 's a lot of the important german words which bring up a sense of guilt and responsability like * wiedergutmachen * ( `` to make good again '' / ` to make things right ' ) . 
  but he 's still mostly only talking in very general terms about being to descendants of our forefathers , and about aware of our past . 
  he 's certainly trying to justify being nice to greece but he only goes so far as to say ` consider types of reparations ' . 
  it 's all very general . 
  i 'd be skeptical of any of the quotes that he said during this encounter , because he was quite likely under duress . 
  he was surrounded by a crowd of angry anarchists who eventually beat him up . 
  he would likely have said anything to get out of that situation . 
   what 's wrong with defending my point with arguments ? 
  is n't that the whole point of this subreddit ? 
  discussing points using arguments ? 
  it 's the way you treat everybody like an idiot whilst you do it . 
  there 's no need for it . 
  all it does is make this encounter quite unpleasurable which is why i am disinclined to continue it . 
  the only point i do want to make before , seeing as i was writing this out on the back of an envelop already , is that , whilst hypothetical jeff is n't the only hamburger consumer in the entire world , if he spend over 15 % of the money which was spend on hamburgers world wide , then it would be pretty important to focus on him specifically . 
  the esa spends approximately 15 % ( actually a percent or two higher , but this is back of a napkin typed maths ) of all the money which is spent by governments on space worldwide . 
  they 're also european like i am , and the story centres around the future head of that european space agency . 
  so i hope with all this in mind you 'll be able to forgive me for focusing primarily on this space agency over all the others and, 
  dude , calm down . 
   is completely irrelevant ? 
  that argument only works if you assume esa is going to be something like a main contributor . 
  the esa is the second largest space agency by funding in the world . 
  i think it 's fair to assume that in any major international project , the esa is going to be a major contributor . 
  so no , i think it 's entirely relevant to consider the esa 's likely approach to this . 
   then you should read more , because your knowledge is a bit off there . 
  esa is one of the few space agencies already developing lunar base technologies . 
  they are one of the more interested in a project like this . 
  maybe that 's so . 
  i will look into what the esa is actually planning and developing currently . 
  however , before i do that , i will point out that just because they are developing technology does n't mean they actually have any intent to produce it . 
  it depends on the levels of investment which are being put into this research . 
  it 's part of the course that money will need to be invested to determine whether technologies are feasible . 
  after the research they can start to decide if they should continue to invest or not . 
  so just because they are working on these technologies does not mean the actually plan to use them . 
  if you could provide me a link which talks about their research in these areas , especially one which has estimates for how much this research and development is costing , then that would go a long way to determining how serious they are about this . 
   this however does not mean you can act and argue as if any other aspect does not exist . 
  i 'm not acting like they do n't exist . 
  if i were to say that jeff likes hamburgs , i 'm not denying the existence of the other 7 billion human beings , nor the existence of other food types . 
  i 'm simply making a point which i feel is relevant to the discussion at hand using knowledge that i have . 
  there 's no need to be so defensive . 
  there 's a huge difference between sending a probe like curiosity to the moon which can just be left and sending something which is designed to be a some form of infrastructure . 
  one of the theoretical goals of this hypothetical project is to improve our abilities to make use of the materials that are already there , but that still requires sending huge amounts of materials in the first place . 
  so i think the costs would be significantly higher than any sort of satellite or probe project and * therefore * the moon base would have to be prioritised over any other satellite projects which they are not going to do due to the limited returns , etc , that i already mentioned . 
  additionally , you have to keep in mind the international climate that the iss was built in . 
  it was first launched in 1998 against the background of the dissolution of the soviet union and the end of the cold war . 
  the eu and nato were expanding into eastern europe and there was hope that soon even russia would join . 
  both sides of the former iron curtain were doing everything to cement their new relationship and reinforce this new era of peace and co-operation . 
  there was also a lack of many other sorts of events which had captured the public consciousness . 
  juxtapose that with the present and russia has abandoned some of the most fundamental tenets of , not just the post cold war era , but also the post world war two era . 
  the eu itself is fighting for the survival of the euro and by extension the eu itself . 
  there 's growing distrust amongst europeans and americans , and by both against their own governments due to the surveillance programmes and legacy of military deployments . 
  as much as i would like to see a moon base happen , i do n't think it will . 
  i never said it was . 
  in fact , in another comment in this same thread 14 hours ago i pointed out that very detail . 
  the european space agency is simply the only space agency that i have any reasonable knowledge about . 
  i do n't know if nasa or the chinese or any other space agency would be interested in funding it , which is why i did n't talk about them . 
  i do , however , know that the esa wo n't be particularly interested . 
  i think it 's pretty fair to focus on the european aspect of this story given where we are . 
  and the international community is not going to want to do it for the same reasons . 
  i did skim it . 
  which details are you thinking of ? 
  non of the countries which pay for the esa are going to want to find it . 
  it 's too expensive , too risky and the benefits are too long term . 
  it 's certainly a good project , but they 're probably going to prioritise money towards things like satellites around earth or deep space probes , both of which cost significantly less than setting up space infrastructure and have more immediately tangible benefits from research, 
  i do n't like to use adblock on principle . 
  if everybody used adblock it would put a lot of really good creators who rely on advertising out of business . 
  just think of just about every youtube channel or any news site you 've ever used .
