  it 's got good social welfare and a nice society and it 's the country i call home , but why should i feel anything special or patriotic about that ? 
  i 'll act to help my fellow members of society and improve our country , but that does n't mean helping random strangers unless i was somehow trying to increase tourist revenue . 
  and increasingly in britain . 
  they were definitely unpopular at first , but i think they 're fast becoming our favourite expat group . 
  there 's nothing to be proud of if people have only done all that work based on a * caricature * of your country , rather than anything real about it . 
  if someone fell in love with me based on a badly drawn cartoon of me i would n't feel particularly flattered . 
  i 'd feel as though this person has no idea who i am and that they 're barking up the entirely wrong tree . 
  arguably yes , but referring to all humans as part of the african diaspora is n't very interesting or useful which is why we tend to stick to diasporas which have taken place in the last two thousand years or so . 
  it 's also not just / u/mrs _ thinktank_fairy 's logic , it 's just applying what a diaspora is to an example . 
  und im sommer , auch im winter europa wird wieder sein wie sie einmal war dies ist eine fassade , wir m\u00fcss schauen hinter und im herbst , auch im fr\u00fchling europa wird wieder sein wie sie einmal war wir werden wieder europas lied singen europa stirbt wie mein opa und mein oma , stirbt mit europa ** english ** from the south , from the north a current runs from sin by the region the harvest of the world is sick become from the east , from the west a stream runs from sin by the region these polluting pollution 'd europe europe die like my grandpa and my grandma dies with europe through the water , through the fire we must fight this evil power we must renew false europe for the earth , for the wind we must fight this evil power the time is at hand - pick up your weapon , child !, 
  and in the summer , and in winter europe will be again as it once was this is a facade , we 'd have to look behind and in the autumn , and in spring europe will be again as it once was we will again sing song europe europe die like my grandpa and my grandma dies with europe, 
  my sorrow for those suffering hardship in spain is just as bad as it would be if the swiss came unto similar circumstances . 
  we 're all people together . 
  i advocate taking action in order to limit the hardships of southern europeans and i think that we should take measures in order ensure that further such instances do not continue in other places , where they can be avoided , for instances in switzerland . 
  i 'm not arguing that we should do exactly what the swiss want . 
  no , our lives matter too . 
  i just think that we should value * all * of our lives * equally * . 
  it does not matter whether you come from spain , or from the uk or form switzerland or from ukraine . 
  you deserve to be cared for and have your interests looked out for . 
  we should seek to gain the best outcome generally , and not simply the best outcome for ourselves . 
  but we 're particularly fond of it, 
  that 's oil production , not share of world oil reserves . 
  as i elaborated , one of the main factors is that the oil will * remain * cheap as iraq 's infrastructure repairs itself and even though it 's only a low share of the world 's oil production annually , it 's sill the seventh highest producer and that will increase dramatically in coming years . 
  the coalition forces predicted that the war would be over much quicker and with much less damage to infrastructure . 
  you ca n't exclude bad planning and lack of foresight into this . 
  lastly , getting back to the real point here , it 's not about whether or not the consequences of the iraq war led to cheaper oil , it 's about whether the ends ( getting cheaper oil , even though that has n't come to fruition yet ) justify the mean ( deposing a dictator using warfare ) . 
  hypothetically , do you think that 's acceptable ? 
  probably not . 
  do you think demolishing swiss interests and the negotiating table , leading to a swiss recession , depression , loss of life due to underfunded medical services from the lack of tax revenue from the bad economy , and all that is associated with it , would be worth the eu getting a better deal out of it ? 
  personally i 'd say that the ends ( the eu getting a good deal ) in this scenario do not justify the means ( demolishing swiss interests ) in a similar why how the ends in the hypothetical about iraq do not justify the means . 
  it would be more tactful for me to describe it as , ensuring access to a large supply of oil is and remains open . 
  obviously infrastructure damage in the iraq itself has limited how much oil they can export , but iraq remains and will remain ( now ) loyal to the west and keep its exports running freely . 
  is this the main problem people have with my post ? 
  i could have used another example , but i hope that the broad principle about ends justifying means ( and which ends and means matter ) holds true , even if you do n't like this interpretation of the consequences of the iraq war . 
  racist french fuck . 
  ^ ^ ^ wuv ^ ^ ^ you, 
  hmm , personally i 'd say that the recent desires of the tory 's to fiddle with the nhs is a post thatcher thing . 
  she fused conservatism with neo-liberalism . 
  we do n't really have a conservative party anymore . 
  we have a neo-liberal party with a mixture of conservatism in there , somewhere . 
  whether the move to become more neo-liberal and less conservative is indicative of a genuine change in british people 's attitudes is a matter of discussion . 
  the nhs has become part of the national character of the country for a generation , and has become part of our tradition . 
  this meals ideologically conservatives and early conservatives have to love it , and they do . 
  that 's the clincher . 
  i think most people are in favour of the eu , but not further integration . 
  we 're a very conservative nation in that we like things when they 're around and we 're used to it , but if the idea was proposed we 'd fight to the death to ensure it did n't happen . 
  the conservative party was against the nhs when it was instituted in 1945 , but ever since then have loved it and would hardly dare change it . 
  from malaga to manchester , probably not . 
  however malaga to edinburgh , bristol , norwich or the yorkshire dales is completely another question . 
  i 'm not sure if whether the smaller , more old people friendly , cities in the uk are that attractive to southern europeans , but i think only they or some statistics could really prove it one way or the other . 
  when the earth is being suffocated by noxious gas and we can neither reverse the process nor flew to preserve humanity and life in the universe , i 'm sure our ancestors will completely understand that unemployment was quite high , and therefor we could n't research the equipment necessary for saving ourselves and our fellow species . 
  well , actually it 's nearly always been in favour of the eu , just not by such clear margins as in most of the rest of the continent . 
  public support for the eu is currently comfortable above 50 % and has been for most of its existence . 
  you can act in your own interests all you want , but there are occasions where i would rather the benefit of the other party be taken into account . 
  for instance i love being able to have cheap bus fairs and have the opportunity to buy cars which i can afford to run with my salary , however i would rather give up that luxury than condone some of the things which have been done in order to keep the oil that these busses and cars run on available . 
  for instance the iraq war has kept those oil prices nice and cheap , but i would never in a million years advocate for what happened in iraq to happen again in order for my oil to be cheap and available . 
  likewise with the eu 's stance on swizerland . 
  the eu has a duty to act in a way which benefits itself and thereby its citizens , but i will not feel comfortable with accepting the benefits of eu membership if that includes steam rolling over other countries and other countries citizens . 
  just because the swiss are n't eu citizens does not mean that they are not people . 
  their interests matter . 
  it 's not the eu 's job to care about them , but it 's also not the eu 's job to ignore them . 
  yes , renegotiate in a way which is favourable to the eu and its citizens , but take care to be somewhat sympathetic to the swiss in the process . 
  edit : i would love to know what people find reprehensible about the ideas i 've conveyed . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i know our northern european pensioners definitely are , but i 'm not so sure a southern european pensioner would be attracted to the climate they 've lived their whole life in . 
  exactly this . 
  britons and americans both bash the french all the time , but when we do it , it 's more about acknowledging tradition , the tradition of hating the french and because nobody seriously hates the french ( actually we kind of admire the french , but do n't tell anybody i admitted that ) we to do jokingly . 
  it 's a weird sort of running national joke . 
  a mixture of tradition , sarcasm and frequently absurdism . 
  summer . 
  people usually like to spend christmas with the family and the summer away from the family . 
  i usually have christmas day with just the family i live with ( brother , sister , mum , dad , dog ) but then go and see my uncle , cousin and grandparents on boxing day or occasionally on christmas eve . 
  it helps if i am actually in the country to do that . 
  personally i 'm not one for holidaying in hot countries ( no offence , i just think my pasty white skin clashes with your beautiful golden beaches ) but i have friends who 'll spend a week or two in summer away in spain or portugal , and then have christmas in a similar fashion as me . 
  some people do go in winter , but i think this is more of an exception and personally something i 'd tend to associate only with the more wealthy brits . 
  does any one actually have statistics on this ? 
  it 'd be very interesting to learn how true the stereotype is, 
  you ca n't stop and my 15 bnp voting friends !, 
  you 'd be surprised how well some of us manage to learn our foreign languages , despite of the awful way they 're taught . 
  i do n't claim to be one of them as i 'm self taught rather than school taught , but i knew a few of them and was quite impressed by their abilities , in spite of everything . 
  there are good foreign language students out there !, 
  ok , no where near as good as the germanic/north european countries english is , but better than a lot of other countries teach their third languages . 
  when was this ? 
  whether something is right or not is n't decided democratically . 
  i do n't care how many countries count down to lift off rather than ignition ; they 're still wrong . 
  you do n't know when the rocket is going to lift off exactly , so you should do it when you ignite because that 's something you can know . 
  european way - best way, 
  as an english person i used to be pro-union , but more and more as i 've listened to the arguments i 've realised that if i was scottish i would vote like crazy for independence . 
  i think that the pro-independence arguments are stronger and that , come closer to the election , when people start seriously considering and reconsidering , that it might just swing for independence . 
  not sure though . 
  the snp 's got a lot of ground to make up . 
  as an english person i 'd like them to stay because yay scotland and all the culture and history they 've brought to our country , but i 'm not going to vote in their referendum , and i should n't . 
  it 's their issue , but personally i 'd like them to stay , even though , if i was one of them , i 'd vote to leave . 
  i really have to disagree with you that corruption is the thing keeping the eu out of this . 
  there might be huge amounts of money travelling from ukraine to the eu , and that might well be being laundered , but i think that eu politicians have plenty of money already and are more interested in the kinds of things money ca n't buy ( like power and authority ) and maybe are motivated by doing the right thing , rather than by a simple desire for money . 
  if all politicians truly are tyranical and self interested ( which personally i find hard to believe ) then they would n't be interested in things so trivial as money . 
  furthermore , the any foreign policy decision by the eu has to be reached by a consensus of 28 member states . 
  28 different members coming at the problem from wildly different angles , with wildly different interests and completely different voter bases . 
  you 're never going to get all of them to agree which is why the eu almost never makes any kind of tangible foreign policy decision . 
  i think corruption has become one of those things that we think is there and then we look for all sorts of tangental evidence which suggests that it is , even if that evidence is n't very strong .
