  turning `` coalition '' into a verb means that it is used exclusively and specifically for the act of making a coalition . 
  the verb ally is just a general word which is so broad it is n't even confined to the realms of politics and international relations . 
  is the meaning of `` for\u00c7a '' similar to a certain english swear word ? 
  usually most classified documents in britain get declassified after 30 years . 
  i would have thought we 'd know who the spy in 1968-73 would be by now . 
  shame . 
  just like to say i like your usage of `` coalition '' as a verb and i 'm stealing it . 
  the conservatives coalitioned with the liberal democrats in 2010 . 
  merkel is probably going to coalition with the sdp . 
  i like it . 
  i had n't seen it and enjoyed it a lot !, 
  i also got denmark . 
  i actually kind of agree with you . 
  one of the best arguments i 've heard from the left is that they never claimed that austerity would n't eventually lead to a return to growth , they should argued that it would lead to slow growth and take far longer than necessary to return to growth . 
  which arguably it did . 
  it 's been five years . 
  did it need to take five years ? 
  i 'm unsure either way . 
  there 's plenty smarter people than me trying to figure it out and even they 're unsure . 
  does this mean that we are finally , * officially * , not going to have to pay roaming charges et al and texting someone in france from germany is going to be effectively the same as calling someone in germany from germany ? 
  just fyi : it 's spelled `` europhile '' . 
  all things which end in `` phile '' have the ph spelling and never an f spelling . 
  the `` phile '' but literally means `` lover of . 
  eg pedophile ( lover of children ) , anglophile ( lover of english ) , hispanophile ( lover of spanish ) , ect . 
  how will the eu lead to a centralisation of wealth ? 
  i would argue that the eu does more to redistribute wealth through taxation , government spending and capital transfers ( bailouts ) than it does to concentrate wealth through the common market . 
  what thinks you ? 
  to be fair i 've only met a couple of people like that in real life in the uk . 
  most people do n't really think about the eu or even westminster that often . 
  they follow the interests of those they work for , because those they work for pay them a hefty some of money . 
  most people who have careers have a sense of pride in their work . 
  teachers do n't teach just because it 's a decent paying job . 
  doctors do n't treat the sick just because it pays decent . 
  teachers usually take some kind of joy in educating the world 's young and doctors usually feel good about themselves for making people feel better and saving human lives . 
  lobbyists ( allegedly ) have no such additional reasons . 
  it 's just money . 
  it 's just self interest . 
   blindly following the eurocrats like a mindless drone implying that borroso and herman van rompuy are the ones who tell merkel what to do and not the other way around is ridiculous . 
  merkel is the one with all the power in that relationship . 
  the whole european project hinges on the chancellor of germany 's support . 
  in any confrontation between german and the commission or the council germany virtually always wins . 
   unfortunately ze germans did n't learn from the third reich implying that a ) germans are one collective b ) that they are collectively trying to conquer all of europe and c ) that trying to unify europe is a distinctly nazi policy when in fact political leaders have been trying to do it since before the romans . 
   like hitler 's war they believe the total union is without alternative merkel is basically hitler . 
  also , implying that all germans believed in hitler 's ideals is simply stupid . 
  the nazis never got a majority of the votes and the votes that they did get were based on rhetoric and not on policy . 
  hitler lied to get into power because he did n't believe in democracy . 
  there are no more similarities between angela merkel and hitler than there are between just about anybody else on the planet . 
   it 's only going to stop when the nation state has been destroyed permanently . 
  implying that the germans are trying to abolish the nation state and that if the european union becomes unified that the entire notion of the nation state will saes to exist * and that that 's a bad thing * . 
  oh it does n't come as a surprise to me that they did . 
  it 's really not a lot of work to translate a short to medium length article like this into english . 
  it helps me understand it better and i would have translated it even if spiegel 's translation was already out because translating helps keep your language skills sharp . 
  basically : it 's no bother to me . 
  i do n't think the stereotype of lobbyists is that they are grinch like . 
  the grinch is mean for meanness ' sake , where as lobbyists ( if you believe the stereotype ) are just following their own self interests to the detriment of other people . 
  that 's not meanness for meanness ' sake . 
  that 's just a disregard for how other people will be effected by your actions . 
  that 's if you buy into the stereotypes anyway . 
  lobbying groups are obviously more complicated than that and might arguably be a force for good . 
  however , i say arguably because it could be argued but i 'm not going to right now :p, 
  in my defence i got the this translation finished a whole ~ five minutes before spiegel did !, 
  ** the article in english ** * edit : * i 'm reading through the article in german and fixing some of google 's mistakes , where i can see them . 
  edit2 : the whole thing should read fairly coherently now . 
  any translation which i am unsure of ( there 's only two ) i 've left in brackets for native speakers to correct if necessary . 
  have u.s. services monitored the cell phone of the chancellor ? 
  the government takes appropriate information very seriously . 
  angela merkel has already phoned u.s. president barack obama . 
  cause of the harsh reaction of the bundes government is a spiegel request in the course of research . 
  german chancellor angela merkel may have been a target of u.s. intelligence agencies for over the years . 
  serious evidence has lead angela merkel to complain directly to us president barack obama on wednesday . 
  in the telephone conversation with u.s. president barack obama on wednesday , angela merkel called for comprehensive awareness of the allegations . 
  the chancellor has made clear '' that she sees such practices are completely unacceptable and frowned upon , if the evidence should materialise '' said her spokesman steffen seibert . 
  `` this would be a serious breach of trust . 
  such practices should be stopped immediately . '', 
  the trigger of this unusually harsh reaction by the bundes government is a recent spiegel request in the course of research . 
  following a review by the federal intelligence service and the federal office for security in information technology , the government stopped the suspect apparently plausible enough to confront the u.s. government so that . 
  german chancellor angela merkel had said in the interview with president obama that she expects '' the u.s. authorities to provide an explanation about the possible scope of such monitoring practices against germany and ( therefore ) answer questions , which the government made months ago '' seibert said . '', 
  as a close ally of the united states of america , the bundes government expects a clear contractual basis on the activities of the intelligence services and their cooperation for the future . '', 
  a spokeswoman for the national security council of the united states explained to the allegations said by spiegel : `` the president has assured the chancellor that the united states does not monitor their communications and also will not be monitored . '', 
  the spokeswoman did not exactly respond to the spiegel 's - demand as to whether or not this also applies to the past . 
  this point was noted on wednesday evening in berlin government circles . 
  display according to data from seibert is in the afternoon the chief of the chancellery ronald pofalla , met with the chairman of the parliamentary control panel , thomas oppermann , and the deputy chairman , michael grosse - br\u00f6mer for an interview and has informed them of the standing in the room vow\u00fcrfe . '', 
  betrayal of trust among friends '' the spd calls for comprehensive explanation on the part of the united states . '', 
  if these accusations be true , that would be a very serious breach of trust '' , the parliamentary group ceo thomas oppermann said wednesday night . 
  even during the election campaign oppermann accused the chancellor of not being energetic enough to explain the affair of the spying by the u.s. nsa . 
  union internal expert hans - peter uhl said yo the '' mitteldeutschen newspaper '' : '' the chancellor must of course be able to communicate eavesdropping . 
  ) he demanded that the parliamentary control committee on friday deal with the process . 
  left party leader katja kipping has asked merkel to inform the bundestag of the evidence of monitoring their mobile phones . '', 
  that would be the worst assumable breach of trust among friends , '' she said to the news agency dpa on wednesday . 
  `` that must be a matter of the bundestag . 
  facts and all information must on the table of parliament . '', 
  i agree with you that directly electing the head of government is not a fantastic idea , especially for the eu . 
  however , directly electing the head of government is not a precursor to the two-party-state syndrome . 
  for instance the british prime minister is not directly elected and britain has one of the worst cases of two-party syndrome in the world . 
  strangely enough , you 'll find that virtually every country which is formerly party of the british empire has this problem . 
  this is not because they elect their presidents/prime ministers directly ( they do n't ) . 
  it 's because their voting system ( first past the post ) forces it to be that way . 
  whilst the us does n't have the same system of fptp as many former members of the british empire , it does have its own system of fptp . 
  the european union usually does n't have a problem with this because it uses multi-member constituencies so that far more parties and views get represented per constituency . 
  it 's a very good compromise between having mps ( meps ) who look after a specific area and stopping two-party syndrome .
