  background leads to similar political views , which leads to similar voting patterns . 
  obama is popular among african americans in america because his policies are beneficial to that group in society , and he made those policies because of his background . 
  there 's a link between the two , and quite a worthy link . 
  get used to it  welcome to how the other 99 % of countries feel 99 % of the time . 
  canada already privates a very limited amount of funding the european space agency !, 
   i think the eu is the start of the first global government . 
  what about the un ? 
  how come you have n't flaired up ? 
  i 'm not against a north american union . 
  i 'm not even sure i 'm for canadian eu membership . 
  i 've not stated any of my values here , just that canada fulfils a lot of the requirements to join , but the usa does n't . 
  feel free to wish for the european union of america . 
  i think the main problem is america 's nationalism ( or patriotism as it 's more commonly known in america ) which is against european values generally ( most of europe is pretty against the idea ever since fascism , because fascists are all nationalists ) . 
  additionally the nature of america 's liberalism is of a different variety in comparison with europe 's . 
  in europe we tend to focus on practically or effectively ensuring that our citizens are free , i.e. 
  having no real restrictions on them where as americans tend to few liberty and freedom as being freed from state restriction but not effective restrictions . 
  the european model generally also tends to be much more pro-education from a liberal perspective in than the usa . 
  for instance uk universities only charge a third of what the usa costs , despite having the highest tuition fees in europe and we have a very extensive loan system which is * extremely * forgiving . 
  whilst for any specific example of cultural values i could point out there is an exception , the thing is most countries broadly adhere to most of these principles where as the usa adheres to non of them, 
  apart from cyprus is in a part of the mediterranean which is very much in asia or africa rather than europe . 
  if you look at [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tl5rljf.png ) i stole from wikipedia which outlines europe in a brighter shade of brown-grey and ` the rest of the world ' in greyer shade of grey , you can clearly see that cyprus , whilst in the mediterranean , is not in europe . 
  whether it 's in africa or asia or even a special individual identity is certainly up for grabs , but it 's definitely not part of europe . 
  the greeks islands you see in the picture in the brighter shade are much more up for debate as they are not actually on the european mainland but also very close to the asian continent . 
  and french guyana is a french department which i dealt with in this paragraph  the french departments and the spanish and portuguese islands off the coast of north africa present more of a problem , as they are considered parts of their associated countries properly and therefor part of the european union properly but not in europe itself . 
  you can kind of get around the problem but pointing out that the majority of the population of these countries do live within europe , but it 's still inconsistent . 
  this paragraph also deals with other eu outermost regions even though i forgot to mention that my list of outmost regions at the beginning of the paragraph is not conclusive . 
  because that 's completely untrue . 
  not false . 
  if you 'd read the rest of my post you 'd see that i refer to guyana later as a french department . 
  i very explicitly avoid calling guyana and other such territories as ` overseas territories ' as overseas territories are a very specific thing . 
  i 'm talking about * a lot * more than simply the first past the post voting system . 
  i 'm talking about parliamentary sovereignty , bicameralism , the royal prerogative , uncodified constitutions , common law , cabinet government , equality before the law and so on . 
  these are all things the uk and canada have in common . 
  the usa on the other hand has a codified constitution , has no parliamentary sovereignty ( although its parliament does have significant powers ) , it has no royal prerogative , it has cabinet government but it operates in an * entirely * different way ( the us cabinet only has two elected members , the president and vice president , whilst in the uk and canada they are all elected mps , apart from the a few lords in the case of the uk and the head of the civil servant who 's more of an advisor than anything else ) . 
  there 's also some lack of equality before the law in the usa legally due to the president 's ability to declare pardons . 
  presidents usually pardon about a 100 people per term ( and usually on their last day in office ) . 
  whilst this power does technically exist in the uk as part of the queen 's powers ( royal prerogative ) in practice it 's hardly been used and i 'm not sure if it has ever been used in the queen 's reign . 
  i 'm skeptical whether the power even exists anymore as it may have become voided by age . 
  yes , however that 's a public opinion problem rather than a practical problem . 
  there 's no reason that a eu-canada union would n't work . 
  and how exactly does distance pose a problem ? 
  the european union has a huge land area , and many of its member states have territory thousands of miles away and manage to govern themselves effectively . 
  how does being similar to the uk pose a problem ? 
  we ( the uk ) manage fine being members of the eu ( despite the euroscepticism ) and we 're as similar to the uk as it is possible to be . 
  i 'd also argue that the uk and canadian systems have significant difference ( canada being a federal country is the main one , among others ), 
  according to the 2011 census , it 's 33.4 million people . 
  personally i trust an actual census which is a few of years old than population projections which are often faulty , especially as estimates only put canada 's right on the line of where you round up or round down ( 35.3 million ), 
  yeah you 're correct . 
  i started writing a number of several hundred million and just assumed that a number that large was correct  i 'll edit it to the correct 500 million . 
   which would be impossible with canada on board how come ? 
  i do n't see any obvious reason why canada would stall integration anymore than any other current member state would . 
  well they 'd also have to meet other criteria apart from just being a developed country . 
  for instance they need to be liberal , democratic , have a free press and so on . 
  they need to have broadly similar ideological views to the rest of the eu and this would allow the eu to remain as a largely effective form of governance . 
  well , i do n't think we should let in * any * country which meets the criteria . 
  that criteria is n't perfect and if the eu took on too many memberstates all at once it could ruin the eu 's ability to function ( or united nations syndrome , as i like to call it ) . 
  we should definitely not discriminate based on geography , but we also need to keep the interests of the european union and its current member states in mind . 
  if adding states would damage the union in any significant way , then i 'd be sceptical about allowing it . 
  canada probably would n't pose a demographic problem because it only has a relatively small population ( 30 million in comparison to the eu 's 500 million . 
  the eu 's most populous state is germany , with 80 million ) . 
  canada 's huge size might pose a problem , because it 's currently the second or third largest country in the world and that comes with huge responsibilities . 
  edit : misremembered the eu 's population as 300 million instead of the correct 500 million . 
  it did and got rejected based on being outside of europe . 
   it is far more compatible than some official candidate countries . 
  yeah , this is the real clincher for any argument against canadian membership based on culture . 
  when croatia and slovenia began acceding they were much less ` european ' than canada is now . 
  canada probably still has better commitment to european values than some eu countries in that region . 
  however the french departments * are * part of france proper . 
  they vote in elections , are governed directly by paris with no special powers and everything . 
  the french departments stretch from an island off the coast of madagascar near africa to french guyana on the north coast of south america . 
  they 're both about the same distance from europe as canada is . 
   `` british jobs for british workers '' `` let 's keep britain british '' - bnp i 'm not a fan of keeping a particular group out of something just because they 're not already part of our group . 
  there should be an actual reason why you do n't let them join . 
  for instance , canadian values are n't compatible with european ones . 
  however , this raises the question of whether canadian values are or are not compatible with european ones , which needs to be addressed . 
  * the canadian dialect of english is closer to the british dialect than the american one ( they spell armour , colour , labour , et cetera , the appropriate way ) . 
  * they 've been joined in a union until the late 1940s * the political system and therefor political grievances is almost identical to the british system ( they 're both different incarnations of the westminster system ) * attitudes toward individualism and the state are more similar between the uk and canada than the usa because both britain and canada have largely socialised forms of health care where as you could n't give americans health care if you tried . 
  * the uk is less militant than the usa ( but not by much ) and canada is even less militaristic than the uk is ( this can be charted by viewing their participation in foreign wars ) . 
  * the number of britons living in canada is almost exactly the same as the number living in the united states , despite the united states having almost ten times as many people and much more habitable land ( 600,000 for canada and 670,000 for the usa ) edit : what 's with the downvotes ? 
  the eu wants to be more economically connected to the usa anyway . 
  we want to be our own independent power , but we also want to be closer to the usa in certain ways ( e.g. 
  economically ) . 
  it benefits us just as much if not more than it benefits the usa to be closely linked economically . 
  additionally , the more trade we have with the usa , combined that our economy is actually * bigger * than the unite states ' the more power we have over the usa . 
  dollar diplomacy and all that . 
  it 's what the us is used to using to influence everyone else in the world ( unless they do n't respond to that , in which case the big stick comes out ) . 
  the eu and china are the only political entities at the moment with the power of using dollar diplomacy on the usa rather than the other way around . 
  all of this in mind , canada 's strong trade with america is actually more of a benefit for the eu , if canada joins the eu , than it is for america . 
  greenland 's situation is odd . 
  it 's not technically in the european union itself , but is part of a country which is in the european union . 
  anyway , greenland and the other overseas territories ( which are mostly ^ ( all ? ), 
  parts of france , the uk and the netherlands ) are a bad example because non of them are actually directly part of their associated countries , and therefor not part of the european union and so pose no problem to having a consistency of definition . 
  the french departments and the spanish and portuguese islands off the coast of north africa present more of a problem , as they are considered parts of their associated countries properly and therefor part of the european union properly but not in europe itself . 
  you can kind of get around the problem but pointing out that the majority of the population of these countries do live within europe , but it 's still inconsistent . 
  however cyprus ruins everything and should not be ignored . 
  we should encourage eu membership based on being culturally european , which all of the outermost regions ( french departments , canary islands , ect ) and south cyprus are ( northern cyprus being occupied by an unrecognised turkish nation and effectively ignored during cyprus 's accession agreement ) . 
  you could very easily argue that turkey and canada are not culturally european , but you could also convincingly argue that they are . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , i can see where they 're coming from in that the svoboda party , which is a genuine neo-fascist party , makes up ten percent of the coalition government . 
  but to claim that not only the government but all the protestors were not just fascists but nazis is such an over distortion of the truth that you can see they 've either read one headline from one of the most sensationalist newspapers on the planet and consider themselves well informed or are actually just lying .
