  i did n't intend it as `` germany is changing its ways '' but rather `` germany is possibly , maybe changing its ways and we should accept the possibility that that is maybe what is happening and not judge until we know '' . 
  it 's too early to tell either way . 
  how so ? 
  look at it this way , you 're a redditor so when you 're old you 'll probably be living alone and will therefor have loads of dispensable income to spend on trips to finland and estonia , 
  i live around a lot of people who happen to be very republican and a few people who also happen to be extremely irritated in the way they portray their beliefs . 
  i guess my reasons for my original comment were the same as yours . 
  touch\u00e9 , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  ok here 's my opinion : they really should have kept afghanistan and iraq as aerial operations . 
  gosh that felt good !, 
  that 's the conclusion i would make , but i 'm skeptical of actually making it because i do n't feel qualified . 
  military tactics is one of those fields which is easy to kid yourself into thinking you understand . 
  i mean , i agree with your assessment , but i 'm skeptical of any one who is n't a general 's opinion . 
  i 'm not a monarchist . 
  i think that in the long run the monarchy should be abolished . 
  i just do n't see any point in moaning about the queen 's existence because she is given speeches to read . 
  i 'm not criticising you for `` wanting to live in the 21st century '' ( which by the way is an irritatingly backwards statement ) , i 'm criticising you for being brat about it and making it seem like people are forcing the monarchy down your throat which they just are n't . 
  this is the thing which is annoying about everyone who has deep seated beliefs . 
  they feel the need to rain on every one else 's parade by jumping in and saying `` btw , i believe that you guys are all idiots living in , like , the second century bc , lol hahah twerps . 
  they do n't value wat i value there4 they are obviously idiots ahaha '' . 
  you 're fully entitled to your beliefs and values but if you could actually present your beliefs in a constructive way maybe republicans would n't be so marginalised in the uk . 
  there 's a reason atheists , when arguing with religious people , never convince them to convert them to atheism or agnosticism and that 's because they 're usually assholes about it and are deliberately trying to make their `` opponent '' feel like shit . 
  sorry for making two comments but where did you find that picture ? 
  * swoon * it 's everything i hoped it would be and more . 
  edit : that map becomes even more interesting when combined with [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/24/high_speed_railroad_map_of_europe_2013.svg ) . 
  there almost no high speed rail in that area and finland has to travel via russia to get to mainland europe , or travel all the way north through scandinavia . 
  i do n't suppose any one has a map of where this high speed railway would go ? 
  obviously we can make educated guesses but it 's something else entirely to seeing where they 're actually going to build it . 
  i always imagine it as a really tragic seen from a movie where one of the most beloved characters ( among other ! ), 
  dies and her entourage/children turn up crying at their uncles/older brother 's door . 
  that or like the scene in ^ ( minor spoiler ) harry potter and the deathly hallows where you find out that mad eye moody has died and they all congregate in the weasley 's house together , as one big family of survivors ready to solemnly continue the war . 
  there would n't have been anything forcing you to listen and watch it . 
  you could always have gone to your room instead and masturbated over some republican uk flags or rather `` ureswni '' - flags ( united republic of england scotland wales and northern ireland ) . 
  my teacher was talking to us on a school trip once . 
  he 's a pretty cool guy who 's obviously lived a little . 
  he was saying how his wife managed to quite smoking . 
  she 'd tried a few times before but it had never stuck . 
  so she got a big jar in the kitchen and everytime she felt like a smoke or would normally have gone and smoked a cigaret she put the value of it in the jar and looked at it after a month . 
  evidently the amount of money in the jar was pretty impressive . 
  after that she got the motivation to quit . 
  additionally i 'm assuming you live in croatia and italians probably make up a huge number of the tourists in your area * and * tourists are much more likely to cause crashes . 
  so it might be that * tourists * are causing crashes rather than * italians * causing crashes . 
  however , i really do n't think being italian would help . 
  yeah that makes sense . 
  i do think there are certain things that could be learned from mainly european lead operations compared to their american counterparts , but i think that if europe is indicated as an * alternative * to the us ' approach , that really just does n't work . 
  i mean , european operations like mali and libya have been relatively successful compared to vietnam , iraq and afghanistan . 
  i want to avoid making judgements on why those conflicts went much better than us led ones , but i will point out that they were far better operations due to ( a how brief they were and ( b how few western lives were lost . 
  generally a also means that relatively few native lives were lost also . 
  so i think things can be learned from european campaigns , but i 'm also sure that not all conflicts can be solved that way and sometimes you have to put boots on the ground and you 'll be in a war where you 're just going to suck at it . 
  we would n't be able to have these wars in such a comfortable manner if the us was n't there to make sure the bigger scarier threats were kept to a minimum . 
  it 's interesting that the queen is the obvious person to make such an announcement . 
  when i think about countries where the head of state is elected and holds political power like in france and when i think about a similar person in the uk making such an announcement . 
  ie david cameron or his predecessors . 
  bad driving is certainly not a false stereotype if the cars in rome are anything to go about . 
  but as a briton i think that stereotype can be applied pretty much europe wide excluding the uk . 
  keep in mind that this is just university aged people . 
  personally i think that people treat exams differently to how they treat the rest of the system . 
  i know that this method of passing exams is omnipresent in the uk but that gaming that system is n't anywhere near as common . 
  so either people do game the system at that age and grow out of it or they view exams in a different light to thinks like taxation and welfare . 
  you mean love missiles ? 
  it 's the scottish who really have bad teeth . 
  the english and welsh actually have pretty good teeth iirc . 
  idk about northern ireland though . 
  i 've known people who have been as close to addiction as you can with a non addictive substance . 
  i do n't think anyone wishes that their entire country was like that . 
  it would n't be pretty . 
  that second link does n't actually attribute the quote to anyone apart from `` nato officials '' which could be two guys from an obscure department having some coffee for all the detail that article goes into . 
  i 've always been frustrated with this criticism of european defence in that people point out `` oh look , you ** relied ** on us support to do this mission . 
  it because you used some us intelligence and because americans flew a couple of bombing runs you are obviously completely incapable of doing anything without us help '' . 
  it does n't add up for me . 
  yes , we always use us help . 
  what can i say , the us is an ally and given that their defence spending is more than the rest of the world combined it would seem like they were shunning europe if they refused to help at all , which american assistance is always used . 
  they tried to make france pay for the usage of some equipment put they flat out refuse and then america offered them it anyway . 
  for free . 
  this was during mali . 
  yeah , sometimes european militaries show signs of strain . 
  just because things did n't go amazingly super perfect does not mean that we can not sustain a minor or even a major war if we desired . 
  yeah , we ran low of a certain kind of bomb . 
  it 's not like we could have acquired more else were or used a different kind of bomb or even used a different kind of tactic . 
  yeah we used american help in some places . 
  it 's not like we could have just coughed up the extra expense if we needed to , it just so happens that we did n't want to or need to and the us was more than willing to just provide the support and continues to give such military support freely . 
  there 's a criticism among american generals against europeans that european countries do n't spend enough on their militaries . 
  well it 's kind of hard to make significant increases when there is absolutely no need because a close military partner ( the us ) is always willing to quite easily provide any support that is needed . 
  a simple `` wins to losses '' comparison is not to be trusted here is a list of a bunch of undefined variables . 
   there 's so many ways that statistic can and probably is distorted to make it interesting . 
  what is defined as a war ? 
  what is defined as a battle ? 
  what is defined as a victory ? 
  are draws counted ? 
  are failures counted differently ? 
  what is defined as france : it could be counted from as soon as rome leaving some frankish kingdoms or from after world war 2 created the 5th ( or whatever number . 
  i ca n't remember how many french republics there have been ) republic was founded . 
  how are you defining other countries ? 
  does england get equally favourable terms ? 
  is england disqualified for the united kingdom which has a much shorter history and therefor has won far less battles and wars . 
  is germany counted from when it was a tribe or when it become an empire or after it was reunified in c.1980-90 . 
  same for russia and china . 
  do you count for when the soviet union fell and when the chinese cultural revolution occurred or do you count form earlier ? 
  i would n't trust that statistic to shine my shoes , even if i had an armed guard watching . 
  there 's so many ways that statistic can and probably is distorted to make it interesting . 
  what is defined as a war ?
