  i have n't got anything to hide , but i 'd rather not have comments i made on youtube and facebook when i was 13 plague me when i 'm 30 . 
  i 'm not committing a crime when i take a shit in the morning , but at the same time it 's nobody else 's business that i take shits in the morning and i consider it a matter of privacy that people not be able to easily google pictures of me shitting which may or may not have ended up online . 
  the right to be forgotten matters . 
  it 's actually one of the best rights the european court of justice has ever given us . 
   there is no political will to ... 
  i hear this phrase so often on so many great ideas and it 's such a bullshit excuse . 
  it 's a cop out . 
  it 's not a real reason . 
  if there is no political will , then you * make * the political will . 
  you get out there . 
  you talk about the issues . 
  you * convince * . 
  you * persuade * . 
  you talk to people about why this idea is great . 
  the political will follows naturally . 
  saying ` there is no will for it ' is just saying ' i give up and i 'm not even going to try ' . 
  i say try . 
  we 've done some amazing things here in western democracies that people never thought possible . 
  people said women would never get the vote ; they did . 
  people though peace between ireland and the uk would be in possible ; but it happened . 
  if you 'd 've said in 1950 that france and germany would co-operate so closely together that they 'd share a currency then they would n't believe you ; but you 'd be right . 
  great things can happen if you try . 
  never give up on a good idea 's ability to persuade . 
  how does it make germany less competitive ? 
  surely germany being less competitive only means that it 's goods and services become either more expensive or/and lower quality . 
  rising real wages does n't necessarily mean that goods and services will become more expensive ( or lower quality ) . 
  it can easily be counter acted by comparative increases in efficiency . 
  also , it depends on how products which can be exported are effected , not all products . 
  for instance , hiring waiters and waitresses might become more expensive and therefore the cost of going to a restaurant also goes up , but you cant export your waitresses so it will have no impact on the germany 's competitiveness . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong anywhere because i have no specialised training in economics whatsoever . 
  still though , are there that many nouns in french which have a circumflex and also a corresponding verb with ` a ' but no circumflex ? 
  i just get the impression that circumflexes are so rare in the first place that spending time on learning that trivia is n't going to be particularly helpful for francophones . 
  more efficient to focus on memorisation or other handy tips and heuristics . 
  * and when i was at school i was also taught this . 
  but in my opinion it is n't useful if you are french . 
  it is only interesting if you are english * edit : etait -  serait, 
  defenestrate ... 
  still my favourite word in the english language . 
  i 've still never found a circumstance where this word would naturally fit . 
  that 's kind of what i like about it . 
  it 's so overly verbose and precise that it serves almost no purpose , yet it is still there ; watching , waiting . 
  i used to live in a house just like that . 
  we did n't realise how miserable we all were until we moved out and all of a sudden ... life was just not shit !, 
  i 've got nostalgia for those old mining houses , but no love, 
   europe is beautiful right throughout you 've obviously never been to [ rotherham ] ( http://www.thestar.co.uk/webimage/1.7311187.1435144697!/image/4114598926.jpg_gen/derivatives/articlemaxwidth_620/4114598926.jpg ) ( [ extra pic ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/2767850/images/o-rotherham-sex-abuse-facebook.jpg ) ) or [ barnsley ] ( http://www.wearebarnsley.com/assets/images/image_library/4672.jpg ) then, 
  are they booing her ? 
  i think climate change is a bit of an off example . 
  i mean , the main thing which characterises climate change as a political issue is that its effects are invisible until many decades down the line . 
  most political issues will have some effect on people 's lives . 
  for instance , here are some of the other high profile instances from the past few years . 
  * i think a better example is something like austerity , or the banking crisis which caused it . 
  i mean , that has had direct impacts on a lot of people . 
  in the uk it led to the cutting of a lot of services ( a lot of schools are left half built , a lot of people 's benefits were cut ) and in southern europe it 's had huge effects on employment . 
  * other examples include equal rights campaigns , as i like to think that * most of us here * will have met at least one woman or homosexual ( or maybe even are one ! ), 
  who has in someway been emancipated or had their liberty deprived in the past . 
  * or as an additional example , the law and order policies which were spread in the aftermath of 9/11 . 
  everyone in the uk has noticed the increase in cctv cameras , and many of us will know someone who has received an asbo ( anti-social behaviour order ) . 
  * eu membership itself is a noteworthy one . 
  in my city alone , currently the 5th poorest in northern europe , the eu helped fund some of our urban regeneration schemes ( the introduction of a city wide tram network ) . 
  and obviously i 've met a lot of polish people !, 
  * public eu support for euromaidan contributed to the fleeing of yanukovitch , new elections and the subsequent war in east ukraine . 
  this has effect almost everyone in the country of ukraine . 
  these are just some of the ones that i can think of off the top of my head . 
  so if the government taxes food it 's interfering with your right to life ? 
  true . 
  that is a problem of the system . 
  still , with the increasing amount of digital payments , it 's quite possible . 
  i do n't know why ... one was just doing sums , and ... once you start you ca n't stop . 
  fortunately , i managed to quit when i did . 
  others , were n't so lucky, 
  i 'm totally in favour of better public transport in cities . 
  however , even if you eradicated cars then you 'd still need to cut down on emissions elsewhere , which usually means planes . 
  and you ca n't replace planes with something electric as planes have run on fossil fuel . 
  so the only way to cut down on emissions there is either more fuel efficiency ( which wo n't cut it alone ) or reduced consumption . 
  ... no it would n't . 
  if there is a drop in demand ( consumption ) then there is a corresponding drop in production . 
  it 's like the most basic thing in economics . 
  god you people are thick . 
  if a company 's business model is environmentally unsustainable , then that business should not be allowed to succeed . 
  that means that there will be jobless . 
  sorry , but that 's just the sad fact of the climate change . 
  it 's either that , or face about 500,000,000 climate refugees . 
  which do yiu prefer  also , is your dad george clooney in ~ ~ that one film ~ ~ ' * up in the air ' * ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/up_in_the_air_ ( 2009_film ), 
   carbon taxation [ tried that . 
  did n't work ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_emission_trading_scheme ) . 
   investment in renewable energy . 
  renewable energy is only viable as a substitute for * electricity * production . 
  for other things which need energy in a form that is n't electricity ( such as air travel and car travel , which rely directly on fossil fuels ) we need to reduce consumption . 
  i totally agree that renewable energy is part of the solution . 
  but it is only part . 
  it is not a replacement for cutting consumption . 
   none of that matters as your tax kills the industry . 
  apart from ... it does n't . 
  there 's still hundreds of millions of people in europe and billion a worldwide who will be able to afford a few flights per year . 
  i think there 's enough to be going in with there , especially as the overwhelming majority of the world population only uses a couple flights per year anyway . 
  and if the industry ca n't support itself whilst allowing for these taxes , then that means it is incompatible with environmental sustainability and should n't be allowed to exist . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  look .
