  do you have a source for that assertion ? 
  would you risk your live to have a marginally better life ? 
  what about your children 's life ? 
  that 's not the way human psychology works . 
  we 're geared towards ovoiding losses before we maximise gains . 
  if there 's a choice between risking everything and gaining everything , then we 'd much rather take the safe route and not gamble . 
  if you get called a neo-nazi or an islamophobe , that 's entirely between you and the person ( s ) calling you that . 
  if they digress to levels of meaningless insults , then feel free to report them . 
  b ) we could spend a lot more than we are doing . 
  at the moment most nations spend less than 1 % , and most of that is very haphazardly distributed ( and often eaten up by corruption ) . 
  c ) there are some economic migrants , but they are a minority . 
  for the purposes here , they are insignificant . 
  and there really is n't a safe place for them to legally just settle down a long the way to europe . 
  let 's not forget that these boats depart form libya * which is a failed state * in the midst of civil war . 
   these types of comments often get downvoted and hidden , in my experience . 
  in my experience , they do n't . 
  which is why they need to be removed . 
  otherwise , extremists are being given a large platform to espouse their views and normal users see it as normalised because of the upvotes . 
  that 's partly the case in this thread . 
  it 's actually only a small conspiracy . 
  we know for a fact that places like stormfront brigade this sub because they see it as ` potentially enlightened ' or ` enlightenable ' . 
  i know that a lot of things here are coming from our normal users , but there 's a significant minority who are adjitators pushing people a lot further than they would otherwise go . 
  well a ) there were other options that needed to be explored before outright war ( which were explored and failed ) b ) there was a sudden change in government ( from chamberlain to churchil in 1940 ) which had a dramadic impact on the uk 's perspective at that time . 
  there 's multiple different factors , but moral outrage is likely the most important amongst them . 
  there were an endless number of diplomatic solutions which favoured co-operation with the nazis and playing them off other nations , but they were all rejected in favour of anihilating them . 
  yes we did . 
  we could have just gone a long with them and been neutral , but the british declared war on them when they invaded poland because we saw them as barbaric and morally wrong . 
  a ) i do n't mind other people coming into our culture . 
  culture is n't something which should be preserved , it should be allowed to flourish and develop in new and exciting ways . 
  it 's like a loaf of bread . 
  if you leave it , it goes stale . 
  and eitherway , saving people is more important than preserving some culture . 
  i do n't mind having a slightly more `` diluted '' culture if it means less people drowning in the sea . 
  b ) i agree that we should focus on the problems at source , through international development aid , by offering government expertise and through foreign direct investment , but i do n't think that spending money on individual refugees in order so they can live meaningful * and safe * lives away from conflict zones and spending money on the source of the problem are mutually exclusive . 
  we can and should do both . 
  c ) i do n't think there 's anything we could do to stop the tide of refugees . 
  when you 're backs up against the wall , you will do anything to survive . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a small chance or a big one . 
   hey would live much better life inside europe . 
  its just not good enough to let them in . 
  it is not a `` refugee '' reason anymore , but merely economic one . 
  people do not risk their lives in order to live a slightly more cushy life . 
  you 're trying to spin them as economic migrants , when economic migrants would not behave in this way . 
  well , you can either deal with the symptom or you can deal with the cause . 
  the symptom ( from a european perspective ) is that there are a lot of refugees trying to cross the med . 
  you can either * accept them * send them back or a mixture of the two . 
  you could also shoot down the boats but that 's fucking stupid . 
  killing people , especially refugees , is ** evil ** . 
  you can also deal with the causes , that is , instability in africa and the middle east . 
  we could either * increase over seas aid ( the eu is one of the only regions to actually give the 0.7 % of gdp as oversears development that the un recommends , but it is till only a very small amount of money ) . 
  this has been criticised because it often gots swallowed up in the countries corruption . 
  so aid could also be administered through * foreign direct investment , or * intervene militarily . 
  there two different kind of military intervention : short time ( like in libya ) , accidentail long term ( as in iraq and afghanistan ) or a well planend intervention which would keep remove the dictator and institute a plan for rebuilding with good finance ( has n't been tried yet , so far as i know ) . 
  those are n't the people who get removed . 
  it 's people who propose killing them that get removed and banned . 
  and yes , many people do genuinely suggest that we should just shoot down the boats . 
  we 've actually got the modpower today to deal with the huge numbers of ultra-racists today coming in from other parts of the internet . 
  that 's essentially what 's going to happen if they go back . 
  maybe they wo n't be killed by isis , but if they considered it worth while to risk death crossing the med , then there 's good reason they did n't go somewhere else easier . 
   the thing is , jordan borders them . 
  we do n't . 
  if nazi germany was in the mid pacific rather than in the middle of europe , we should have still fought them because what the nazis did was barbaric and inhuman . 
  it does n't matter where in the world a refugee comes from . 
  the entire rest of humanity has a duty to help them , and it does n't matter where that help comes from . 
   morals do n't really have a place in ... border control . 
  wot ? 
   what is however doable is to establish safe zones in libya and pack the migrants there . 
  or we could just put them in refugee camps already in the european union and sort their asylum claims rather than * leaving them in a war zone * . 
  libya 's a virtual failed state at this point . 
  not a good idea to set up refugee camps in a war zone when there 's a perfectly good place which already has refugee camps * in the place where the refugees are actually applying for asylum * . 
   well no shit , when you are dealing with jihadists you think tolerant democracy is the answer if you 're in a time of war , then restrictions on liberty can be allowed for the greater good , but you have to ensure that you do n't become worse than the thing you 're fighting . 
  that 's essentially what saddam and gadafi did . 
  i mean , the thing which tipped the west into intervening in libya was that gadafi tried to airstrike a crowd of protesters , which was so morally disgusting that the pilots themselves ( both of them ) defected to a european union country . 
  would you rather live in a war zone , or live in a dictatorship that indiscriminately commits mass murder ? 
  both of those places are different sorts of hell and they should both be treated with equal measures of disgust by the west . 
  why should africa deal with this problem when they have so many problems of their own ? 
  libya is practically a failed state at this point , and you 're suggesting * they * deal with this unstead of the european union , which is the largest economic bloc on the planet . 
  stop being so self centred and cared about someone else . 
   and letting in a couple million refugees certainly is n't a viable solution . 
  why not ? 
  turkey * and * the lebanon seem to have done that . 
  europe has a population which is over 5 times larger than turkey 's and over a 100 times larger than the lebanon 's . 
  if we can help , then we have a human duty to help . 
  why should we expel our refugees to other countries that are much less well equipped to handel them than us ? 
  europe is * extremely * prosperous and is in an excellent position to help these people . 
  why should we offload them to kenya ? 
  on a similar note : the population in the lebanon is now 25 % made up of syrian refugees . 
  so we should just let them die on their own continent ? 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's not good enough . 
  they 're human beings whose lives are being ruined . 
  they deserve a fair chance . 
  if there 's a risk to their lives there , then they should be allowed to come here . 
  not all refugees are poor . 
  most of these people were normal middle easterners before whichever conflict they happened to be running form broke out . 
  middel eastern people , by the way , do n't live in mud huts either . 
  they had good standards of living . 
  they fear for their lives and we should look after them until such a time as they can return . 
  i do n't care if they were rich enough to make it here or not . 
  if they make it here and they need our help , it should be given . 
  they are human beings .
