  all the users seem to be putting the translation of what they 're saying in italics anyway , just to make it extra super simple for you . 
  so long as the discussion is accessible to all users , then i do n't see a problem . 
  there 's a community rule which you can check in the side bar which allows people to post links to content in any european language , and the mods only request that they provide some sort of translation . 
  if people can provide content for this subreddit in one language , but not in english , then i see no reason why we should limit that content . 
   i would imagine the eu as a whole makes up more though . 
  of course the eu as a whole makes up more than the us . 
  over half of uk trade is with the european union . 
   on an english subreddit . 
  this is not an english subreddit . 
  this is a european subreddit . 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  very interesting . 
  we have the greatest proportion of the world !, 
  well yeah . 
  it 's not actually very invasive . 
  on a besoin de plus d'eurovision , et pas moins we need more eurovision , and not less . 
  from what i understand , that 's more to do with southern european labour laws being incredibly shitty , rather than it being difficult for non-italian eu nationals to work there . 
  it 's difficult for anybody to get a job in italy . 
   apparently cumshots were banned as obscene in the uk . 
  is this still true ? 
  well , i 've certainly not encountered any problems . 
   i do n't think people actually believe it is illegal in any case , too many people have the entirely wrong idea about what it is . 
  and i think you would be very surprised how many people believe it is something ridiculous . 
  my comment was n't really directed at you , just as a generla * oh , btw people , this is what the porn filter * *** really *** * is * . 
  i know , but it 's a joke too many people believe . 
  ^ ( * have you not seen ireland ? 
  ^ ( * we are a grand nation still !, 
  edit : morts, 
  i want to see what happens if the eu was treated as a single entity . 
  i mean , we are the largest economy in the world , surely we 'd be seeing a lot of blue with gold stars all around the world . 
  i wonder what flag china and the usa would have . 
  it 's ok . that 's why god invented reddit , so antisocial people like us , who hate airkissing , would have somewhere to go , like duckfaces on instragram , whovians on tumblr , and swaggots on vine . 
  can confirm ; came for tits . 
  disclaimer : nobody in britain can or will get arrested for watching porn unless you 're doing it in some insanely stupid manner , such as watching it in a public library or watching porn of people ( significantly ) under the age of consent . 
  the `` porn filter '' legislation which passed recently changed almost nothing . 
  all it did was make it so that when you sign up to a new internet service provider ( virgin , bt , blueyonder , ect ) you * automatically * opt into a filter which stops you from being able to view pornography . 
  it is not illegal to watch pornography . 
  you can opt out of the filter by unticking the box on the form when you sign up to a new internet provider , or call up your internet service provider * at any time * and have the filter removed . 
  the filter is n't even a government filter . 
  it is a filter provided by the company you are purchasing your internet access from . 
  it is a measure to `` protect children '' from obscene imagery , not to chastise the general public . 
  now , you might disagree with children needing to be `` protected '' in this way , and manner do . 
  however , there 's also a large lobby group of parents who do n't like their children being able to view such things felt that most internet service providers did not do enough to help them `` protect ' their children from such influences . 
  that is why the filter exists . 
  the lobby group and conservative voting parents were not and are not trying to outlaw porn wholesale . 
  and if you are a parent and do n't care about your child watching porn , or think that the filter is too extreme , then your household can simply opt out of the filter . 
  ** tl ; dr for the one thousandth time , porn is just as legal in the uk as it is before the `` porn filter '' law came into effect . 
  you can easily opt out of the filter entirely . 
  porn is just as legal in the uk as it is in all other europe and western nations . 
  i think what the european reddit community really needs , is for somebody to make / r/europexxx, 
  i 'm not sure that is common enough to say that it has `` become popular '' . 
  i mean , i know some people in the uk who do that with close relatives , but i would n't say it 's something * that is popular here * . 
  it 's just something that some people do . 
  i suppose i 'm splitting hairs over this one , but i just would n't call it something that has become popular in america/nyc just like i would n't say it 's popular in the uk . 
  it 's just a small cultural trait which a few groups of people practice , in the same way some asian expat communities bow as a form of greeting to one another . 
  it 's just a practice that one group of people in a country have adopt/make use of . 
  the only * potential * difference is , your group of people ( like mine who practice the french kissing ) are a bit more native to the country than an asian expat community . 
  i was expecting maybe five or ten pictures of a few slightly exposed breasts , at most . 
  but some of that was pretty graphic . 
  maybe put the nsfw in bold , or italics . 
  please do not use that kind of language towards another user here . 
  it does not help get your point across and just makes you look childish . 
  please do n't let discussions degenerate into `` you 're a dick . 
  no , * you 're * a dick '' . 
  you 're both better than that . 
  and queue some serbians coming in to moan about the bombing of some bridges . 
   it 's not a question of british and american grammar yes it is . 
  it 's highly likely that the graphs you references only account for english literature in the united states . 
  i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  british people treat the united states of america as a collective noun in many instances . 
  depends whether you trust nato or if you think it 's just a vassel for the united states and other large western countries to apply force around the world and further the perpetrators own interests and support a strategy of [ neocolonialism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neocolonialism ) . 
  now , my mind 's certainly not made up on this issue and i think it 's certainly more complicated than nato being * either * the international equivalent of batman or a tool for international oppressors , but there are certainly a lot of people who feel uncomfortable about nato and its objectives . 
  i think all the users know that not every kind of content will be available to them in this specific subreddit . 
  that 's why people visit * multiple * subreddits . 
  there 's a lot to choose from . 
  perhaps you would find a good audience in one of those , and maybe that audience will include individuals from this sub who happen to be interested in a more historical interpretation of events in crimea . 
  if you want to call it censorship , you can . 
  personally i feel as though that is a very unfounded accusation , because we are doing this in the interests of providing a good all around experience to our users , rather than providing a subreddit with little focus , like / r/everything . 
  i , personally , prefer the term `` curating '' as it more accurately describes our motivations . 
  i hope you understand slightly better where i and the other mods are coming from now , and will perhaps not feel such a need to level accusation/insults towards myself and others . 
  i do not find them appreciable . 
   as a serb yoursel i 'm serbian ? 
  anyway , i 'm not saying your information was n't relevant and interesting . 
  i 'm just saying that in this subreddit we focus on discussion of current events and the news . 
  we 're not really so focused on intense historical discussions . 
  feel absolutely free to bring up 1994 and even link to your submission and whatever else in the discussion thread . 
  we just do n't want to have submissions which are focused entirely on historical events . 
  not at the moment anyway . 
  and this is n't about censorship . 
  we 're not trying to further any particular narrative . 
  it 's just that the users of this sub come here for discussion of current events . 
  that 's the subreddit we offer . 
  that 's why we have a rule which allows us to remove comments which consist of insults ( rule 2 ) , because we think that people insulting each other is not conducive to a good subreddit and we 're interested in allowing everybody to enjoy something . 
  one of the ways we do this is by offering a clear `` product '' , if you can call it that . 
  now , yelling at me is n't going to change any of this , nor is bringing my nationality or personal feelings . 
  i 'm interested in providing a good experience to all our users , and that includes * but is not limited * to you . 
  the peoples of various nations draw important lessons from their own and their countries ' pasts . 
  in america , people draw the lesson that it is right to fight for what you believe in , citing the war of independence and the world wars . 
  in the uk , we draw the lesson that you should pursue change peacefully whilst respecting traditions and evolving gradually . 
  in germany , they learn that killing the jews wrong .
