  like , if you are a disabled person who required disability living allowance to live , but is also a great participant in the local community through charity organisations ( i know several people like this ) are you not a ` contributor ' to society ? 
  of course they are a drain financially . 
  but do they make us culturally and societally richer ? 
  yes they do . 
  even this idea of welfare recipients somehow draining away the money of the rest of society is just stupid . 
  if you give money to a poor person , they spend it . 
  and that money then goes flying around the economy , creating net benefit . 
  if you give it to a rich person , what to they do ? 
  they stash it away . 
  and what 's more , over half the population at any one time is in receipt of some kind of benefit or social welfare . 
  is  50 % of the population somehow a drain on society ? 
  of course . 
  we need wealth transfers , because poor people spending money is the real driver of economic growth and the real way to increase people 's quality of life . 
  labelling the poor as somehow worth less than the rest of the population is just horrific in my opinion , even if it is unintentional . 
  the thing is , it 's just * deeply * unfair . 
  if somebody has stayed in the uk long enough , and has adopted uk customs , and has all the skills and knowledge that a normal british person should have then why should money come into it ? 
  the bottom [ 20 % in the uk ] ( https://www.equalitytrust.org.uk/scale-economic-inequality-uk ) ( about 20 million people ) earn less than # 10,000 per year . 
  should we strip them of their citizenship because they are poor ? 
  -- you may say they 're two completely different things , but they 're deceptively similar . 
  what 's the real difference between an economic migrant who has 1 ) come to the uk legally and worked here for decades whilst 2 ) adopting uk customs and 3 ) uk friends , and somebody who was born british and does all the same things ? 
  i 'd say that the migrant is more deserving of citizenship in most cases because they have made a conscious effort to assimilate , where as the one born into the uk by chance of birth has made no such effort . 
  but in this comparison the one born a british citizen would remain a british citizen , no matter what whilst the legal migrant is shut out and will always be a foreigner , no matter if they 're more british than ` native ' britons . 
  -- if you want less immigrants to become citizens ( which is an absurd premise , if they already have assimilated into the uk culturally ) just make the non-financial requirements harder , such as the citizenship tests and the length of time for which they must be resident in the uk before becoming a citizen . 
  do n't force on these arbitrary financial requirements which only penalise the uk 's poor . 
  it 's horrendous . 
  citizenship should not be for sale . 
  i know it 's ridiculous . 
  the current government has been slowly implementing for years a system where you are not a true system and you do not have access to your rights if you are poor . 
  for years now , you have not had a right to a family life ( one of the rights enshrined in the european convention on human rights ) unless you earn enough . 
  and for a similarly long time , you have not been able to access legal aid for expensive legal cases , effectively shutting you out of the ability to defend yourself in court . 
  and now this . 
  now you can not become a citizen of the uk unless you earn well above the average amount of income . 
  it 's horrendous . 
  they 're already starting work with other european companies in order to get the most value for money ; not spacex though , which is fine . 
  interesting , did n't know the european commission had a tourism department, 
  and [ poland ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/06/05/world/europe/polands-mini-sahara-desert/ ) , strangely . 
  it 's a german adjective which literally means ` saying nothing ' . 
  vacuous or meaningless are probably the best translations out of there . 
  i had no idea that esa was planning to send a probe to mars in 2016 ... any more information on this ? 
  also , very proud of the environmental monitoring programme operated by the european commission . 
  that was super useful during the cop21 talks which has laid out the next * global * international agreements on climate change . 
  that esa programme was providing all of the most up to date information at that conference and significantly improved the kinds of decisions that were made . 
  space research and environmental protection go hand in hand . 
  sure !, 
  i ca n't promise i 'll have any useful insight , but i 'll see if there 's anything i know that would be helpful . 
  i 'll pm you an email address . 
  i was in brussels during the farmers protests ... holy shit they were dicks . 
  setting of fire works in the middle of the damn city and breaking stuff , just so they can get a subsidy which they do not deserve, 
  so , basically / r/britishproblems ? 
  does it feature heavy psychological tutting ? 
  what country/region do you live in ? 
  if you live in the uk ( which you probably could do , seeing as your english is good ) we could provide tips  there 's often a lot of little things which make a different in job applications that vary greatly from culture to culture . 
  i remember being really shocked when a german person showed me their cv and it was just bullet points of positions they 've held with absolutely zero explanation , as opposed to the uk where they can be a little bit more flowery . 
  this may blow your mind , but some of us even have friends too !, 
  apart from / r/jebusgobson . 
  that 's why he hates americans so much . 
  and / u/must _ warn_others who 's a banker and therefore has need for neither friends , nor a soul . 
  hehehe , you could hardly have picked a worse course . 
  law is like almost without question the hardest subject that exists . 
  i had some people recommend i do law because i had good grades at a-level and just noped the hell out of it . 
  i looked around cambridge once on an open day ( did n't apply to cambridge in the end ; [ it 's not a good fit for home educated people ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2089159/elly-nowell-girl-rejected-oxford-shes-bright-button.html ) ) and their law students basically have no life . 
  they study and do lectures all day , and then go home and study some more . 
  this person was showing students around using the time they 'd normally eat in . 
  cray ... just cray , cray . 
  how did it end up going for you ? 
  are the job prospects good at least ? 
  hahahahahaha ... ha for a bachelor 's degree ( the basic degree ) doing * two * things ( instead of one ) is considered outlandish and stressful , in terms of work load ( and it is ) . 
  doing three subjects would be crazy . 
  the only way you can do three is if you 're doing a three languages degree ( you ca n't do a triple degree with non language subjects ) and in order to do that you need to get grades of aaa or a * aa . 
  anyway , german and politics already include lots of history and politics ( respectively ) . 
  for german i always focus in history modules and for politics i tend towards modules with elements of economics . 
  yeah , if it 's in my general field of study then it 'll definitely be interesting to me , but even if it 's not in my field directly that does n't mean i wo n't find it interesting . 
  i 'm sure i 'll find something eventually . 
  it 's just shocking how little there truly is . 
  no , i 'm just repeating what i saw the french police say in a different article . 
  you can accuse me of being bias , all you want , but at the end of the day that 's a pretty bad way to change anybody 's opinion . 
  attack the ideas , not the individual . 
  i 'm a moderator of this subreddit . 
  as such , i can flair my comments to indicate that ( which makes them appear a green ) . 
  when i am writing in my capacity as a moderator , i like to make my posts green so that people know i am writing as a moderator and not as a user . 
  i only started university recently , but i was looking with the careers service at some potential jobs for when the four years are over and damn ... they 're all awful . 
  i do german and political analysis at a good uni , which qualifies me for everything and nothing at the same time , apart from translation and interpreting ( although even interpreting you often need a special post degree qualification for ) . 
  being a translator sounds like the most boring job ever , and being a politician or a political advisor is just about one of the most over worked and overly stressful jobs ever . 
  i just want a job which is at least vaguely interesting and where i do n't have to give up my entire life . 
  i do n't even particularly care about good pay : /, 
  i know that feeling ... everything hurts . 
  i could n't get out of bed . 
  when i eventually did get out of bed i just ran downstairs and hit under the blanket that we keep by the sofa . 
  then stayed there for a while . 
  ran to turn the heating on , make a cup of tea and hide behind blankets again watching qi until the house heated up mildly . 
  still too cold to get dressed . 
  i hate the weather . 
  i think , given that yanis varoufakis is just about the most left-wing pan-european political figure of the moment ( he 's just about the only pan european political figure who is * uncompromisingly * anti-austerity ) . 
  given that he 's the leader of this movement , i do n't think it 's a stretch to call it a left wing movement , considering that 's all we know about it . 
  maybe conditional tense is too specific , but still , `` wenn '' in this instance clearly adds an element of hypotheticalness to this sentence . 
  it 's like saying `` whenever '' as in `` when x happens , then y '' . 
  it 's not saying that it is happening but when ( if ) it does , then something else will also happen . 
  there is definitely a difference in meaning between this and the translation, 
  my i ask , where did you get such a good grasp of german ? 
  i 'm saying there is no european police force , but there * should * be one .
