  do you have to remove your trousers and pants entirely in order to wash probably ? 
  how do you stop it dribbling down your legs ? 
  so many questions, 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're trying to say , so i 'll respond to this bit :  i believe that institution of church by far precedes electorial government system we use today if i 've understood correctly , you 're implying that the church * should * be prioritised over democracy because the church is older ? 
  call me newfangled , but i think that institutions should be evaluated based on their own merits , that is , based on what * what they are * and * what they do * not simply by the fact that they managed to exist for a really long time . 
  paying to use the bathroom . 
  this is n't so much a * habit * but i 've found it strange that in many places in continental europe you have to pay to use the bathroom . 
  i just do n't get why this is better , or acceptable . 
  -- germany , specifically : if you go ` cheers ' to somebody and clink your glasses , then you should make consistent eye contact whilst drinking . 
  this is still so weird that i 'm not 100 % sure i was n't being made fun of . 
  any one verify ? 
  i 'd say that parties are different . 
  parties ' jobs are to represent people . 
  parties can not represent people if they have no money , and if they represent a largely impoverished group of people , then it shuts out those people from effective representation . 
  by contrasts , churches and other pressure groups ' roles are * not * to represent people , so they should be treated differently . 
  romania just seems to be improving all the time, 
   state secretary of the cults that ca n't be an accurate translation ? 
  i 'm not really sure what general point your trying to make , but i just wanted to say that the eu-mexico visa agreement has nothing to do with mexicans leaving th usa . 
  the very article you link to says in the first paragraph that most mexicans are leaving the usa * to go back home * not to europe . 
  historically accurate joke ; best joke, 
  totally agree , citations needed . 
  but i 'd like to see a citation from the other side too . 
  i 've seen a lot of people in this thread implying that most of the time the media tries to make people look racist when that 's false . 
  everyone needs to just stop asserting bullshit unless they actually have some facts to back it up . 
  yeah , a lot more dead brown people , civilians and militants alike . 
   hat ideology has existed long before saudi arabia and the gulf states came into being true , however , wahhabism and salafism were * extremely marginal and unimportant * before saudi arabia and friends started funding it . 
   ~ ~ isis ~ ~ * daesh * are actually opposed to those gulf states ( who they view as kaffir/infidels as well ) . 
  they 're certainly opposed to one another . 
  indeed , al qaeda and daesh are also opposed to each other . 
  it does n't stop the fact that they are all part of the same problem . 
  these organisations all have huge amounts in common . 
  for instance , osama bin laden ( former leader of al qaeda ) was a saudi arabian national ( as were most of his closest entourage ) . 
  and daesh itself * used to be part of al qaeda * , simply being an iraqi or syrian branch of it , which later split off . 
  the fact of the matter is that wahhabi and salafi ideology is inherently divisive , even amongst follows who largely agree . 
  the source of the problem is the same - the funding and teaching of extremist wahhabi islam . 
  -- so if we stop trading with saudi arabia and friends , and stop buying their oil then we will quite quickly start to see a diminishing role for islamist terrorism . 
  it will drop further if we increase efforts to integrate muslims into our own societies . 
  and the best thing of all to do is to help end the chaos in syria , and bring peace , as chaos is the worst cause of extremism , and peace the best cure . 
  well , i think that drug purchase and use is fundamentally different experience . 
  in that situation , the seller generally has all the power and independence , and the buyer does n't . 
  with prostitution , the seller has non of the power , all of the risks whilst the buyer is usually very safe and in control . 
  additionally , prostitution requires two individuals ( at least ) to be party to it simultaneously , but drug use does n't . 
  because of these differences , i think it makes a lot of sense to decriminalise and legalise recreational drug use , but not prostitution . 
  the only real freedom people put at stake when they participate in drug use is * their own freedom * to make clear decisions ( i.e. 
  they risk becoming addicted , which inhibits their freedom to make rational choices ) . 
  this is a personal and self regarding decision . 
  although obviously i support rehabilitative support for those who do not want to be addicted anymore . 
  with prostitution , it is an * other regarding action * . 
  if you purchase sex , you are dehumanising another person and you also run a high risk of financially supporting and incentivising sexual slavery and exploitation . 
  it 's this high risk of exploitation of * another human being * which is the problem here , for me . 
  i ca n't tolerate an industry which feeds off of those who are poor and desperate . 
  -- as for the university tuition - that 's exactly the sort of thing i do n't want to happen at all !, 
  you should n't have to sell your body in order to have an education . 
  you should just be able to have an education !, 
  it 's ridiculous that our society is structured in such a way that some individuals feel as though they need to dehumanise themselves in order to have what most of us consider a fundamental cornerstone of modern life . 
  education should be free . 
  a basic standard of living should be unconditional . 
  sex should never be forced . 
  if you commoditise sex and allow it to be sold , then those who are poor and need more money will always be forced to prostitute themselves . 
  that is and always will be unacceptable . 
  that is a breach of their freedom and we should legislate to limit it as much as is possible . 
  somebody sent this video to me and i wrote them some quick thoughts about it . 
  figured i may as well share here -- yeah it was alright lots of emotion good historical parallels , sort of i mean , i think he is vastly oversimplifying things by saying that daesh are fascists . 
  it makes a lot more sense to call assad a fascist , as his ba'athist ideology is actually very similar to 1930 's and 40 's fascist ideology he really cracked the hand gestures managed to wave both of his arms at the same time without looking stupid , which is actually quite difficult to do but still ... 
  i do n't feel hugely impressed maybe it 's hard for me because i am against air-strikes anyway - i 'd say this is certainly a level above * ordinary * parliamentary speeches , but it 's not unique either, 
  i know what you mean . 
  personally , i agree with you that there 's nothing inherently wrong about selling sex . 
  however , i think the justification for the law comes from the real world situation that it is almost impossible to properly police and regulate the industry , due to its nature . 
  if you allow prostitution to exist , then it will always allow women to be exploited . 
  some women and men will always be pushed for financial or other reasons into doing something that they should never have to do . 
  that 's something that i and other people find very hard to accept . 
  i think that one 's freedom from being forced by financial means to sell their bodies is a greater than one 's right * to * sell their bodies . 
  you ca n't have both of these freedoms . 
  you have to choose . 
  and i always say that freedom * from * exploitation is fundamental . 
  i think it depends on who the politician is . 
  a lot of them expect to be told what to do , but nobody is gon na make them do it . 
  if you really care , then you make work for yourself . 
  for instance , i 'm standing as a councillor in the 2016 local elections for the green party and we 're basically doing all the work that councillors do already . 
  we 're informing ourselves of the day to day functions and votes of our local council and going around to our constituents and asking them if they have any problem and if they do , we sort out their problems for them . 
  we also regularly offer our help and services for local events and help organise and attend other activities . 
  nobody told us to do it , but it is a very demanding schedule . 
  we 've just all realised that if you wan na help people , which we do , then you most of it is about sitting down , figuring out what needs to be done yourself and then doing it . 
  you can find as much or as little work as you need . 
  and almost non of it is glamorous . 
   do you really think anyone analyses what meps have done before they cast their vote ? 
  i 'm asking because i , as a pretty engaged citizen , do n't have a clue what my local meps are personally up to - and you are one of them !, 
  i think that this has been getting * a lot * better in recent years . 
  the european parliament has been getting a higher profile and so has its work . 
  you can see this by not only the important roles it 's taken on , but also in the sorts of people that visit the parliament . 
  for instance , tsipras give a speech to the parliament during the height of the grisis , building in the tradition that orban started . 
  and more recently merkel and hollande addressed the parliament together . 
  the parliament is attempting to get cameron to testify before the european referendum . 
  and just recently it also got all of the major tax evaders to testify as well ( ikea , starbucks , facebook , etc ) . 
  on one of these bit plenary sessions it also led to the most viewed video of a speech in the european parliament ever ( the speech by verfostadt , of catherine bearder 's party , during the tsipras plenary ) which got several million views iirc . 
  and the media is takin notice . 
  a whole new organisation was recently set up with the expess intention of reporting on eu politics : poltico.eu . 
  so i 'm optimistic that the european union and the european parliament especially is just starting to get the recognition that it deserves . 
  it 's not there yet , but i think with the continued work of good meps the interest will rightfully grow, 
  hi catherine , thanks for doing this ama .
