  so the eea thing is n't really an option like they make it out to be . 
  additionally you ca n't really implement the gas legislation without being an eu member again otherwise you 're just accepting legislation that you have no say over . 
  well imho the best arguments are just demonstrating how individually on almost every case it 's better to work with our well our partners . 
  for instance , i joined the schengen zone ( the no boreder zone ) then we would be able to attract more non-eu tourists to the uk ( because non eu tourists just need to apply for one big schemgen visa , but separate visas for countries outside the eu like the uk ) . 
  so that 's an individual case where it 's better to be at the centre . 
  additionally , environmental legislation is better done at an eu level . 
  things that happen in france and ireland have a deep impact on the uk , even though we have the sea separating us in most places . 
  things like fish stocks ca n't really be handled by individual eu states and therefore need to be dealt with in a pan europe basis . 
  the uk should be at the heart of that process to make sure that the legislation fits us well whilst also protecting us all from a tragedy of the commons . 
  there 's also big geopolitical concerns . 
  the uk by itself can very rarely get its way . 
  by itself it 's the 8th or so largest economy in the world , compared to big boys like china and russia and the usa . 
  if we consolidate ourselves within the eu then we can retain our global independence and can make domestic and international decisions because they 're the right decisions and not because russia or the usa forced us to . 
  for instance , russia is currently able to negotiate separate gas deals with all the various eastern european countries . 
  this means it can deploy a divide and conquer tactics . 
  if russia has to deal with the eu as a monolithic block it would be unable to do this . 
  it also helps us get better trade deals , if and when we want them . 
  if the uk was outside of the trade block ( and therefore able to negotiate trade deals with canada , australia etc , which is a major talking point of the out campaign ) then we would be at a huge disadvantage when doing trade deals with larger economies , especially seeing as the uk is currently heavily dependent on imports from abroad . 
  the over arching point to this is that cooperation is good for all eu countries , including the uk . 
  decisions made at an eu level are just more effective than those made at a national level , which is why i support a stronger eu, 
  yes , if they 're running a piece which actually goes into detail, 
  i thought it was the courts ' responsibility to decide what is a specialised service ? 
  yeah this is what i was trying to say in the other thread . 
  there are exceptions in place for certain uses . 
  in principle i 'm fine with that . 
  i think that doctors and other emergency services should have priority over other services . 
  that 's fine . 
  the only worry is that the exceptions made for these emergency services which use the internet could be abused by isps . 
  that is something that i think would be bad if it happens . 
  i think we all would . 
  emergency services should get priority , but it should not be open to abuse . 
  so the question of whether this is open to abuse is the lynchpin that this whole case rests on . 
  call me old fashioned , but i think the wording is sufficiently clear and well drafted that those exceptions will only apply to the emergency services it was intended for , and that the ecj will be wise in its interpretation according to those aims . 
  which means this is good legislation because it has strengthened net netraulity , provided help to emergency services and abolished roaming charges all on one fell swoop . 
  we should be celebrating !, 
  there are specific things wrong with it i 'm sure . 
  i 'm not saying it 's an argument just a point as to exactly how negative/positive this is . 
  it 's worth appreciating the gains that were made . 
  politics is n't an all or nothing game and we should acknowledge that battles that were won , such as harmonisation of standards and abolition of roaming charges . 
  yes , there may well be problems with the legislation itself as regards net netraulity , but i think the user you were arguing with was simply calling for a broader perspective . 
  additionally i 'd be interested to hear how exactly you think this situation is worse than the previous one . 
  any better sources on this than businessinsider ? 
  i think / u/afirejar 's argument is essential * things are n't black and white . 
  just because one did n't get everything they wanted does n't mean this is n't very good news and * this is progress on what we had before . 
  progress should e applauded . 
  which are both good arguments imho . 
  yup , definitely . 
  he 's here to talk about pan european issues like the xop21 talks and what can be done in europe to help social equality and climate change also , he 's one of the uk 's 24 representatives at the european committee of regions . 
  yes . 
  pretty much all german history books these days will include a history of the `` two germanies '' . 
  that is , the period from around 1950 till 1980 where where germany was split into east and west . 
  most will also include a brief explanation of the reintroduction of east germany into western germany too . 
  which migration period do you mean ? 
  this book goes back about 1,000 years but focuses on the last 500 and more so on the last century . 
  prior to 1815 it was more just of a collection of independent and semi interdependent states and principalities which stayed fairly constant for centuries . 
  after the congress of vienna and the napoleonic wars 1815 that 's when you start getting serious movement towards a unitary state , and where modern german history really begins , so most books focus on that sort of time frame, 
  i recently read part of the communist manifesto . 
  it was quite interesting actually getting pretty first hand look at such an important and influential piece of work . 
  apart from that , i really enjoyed brecht 's aufhaltsame aufstieg des arturo ui ( the preventable rise of arturo ui ) which is all about the rise of hitler . 
  if you know the works brecht makes references to ( gothe 's faust , shakespeare 's julius caesar and hamlet , stuff like that ) then it 's amazing . 
  die verwandlung ( metamorphosis ) was also ... interesting . 
  i did n't enjoy that so much but it was curious . 
  my favourite film is goodbye lenin . 
  it 's really positive and fun film . 
  i also liked nordwand ( north face ) which is a bit more dark , but also very emotional interesting because of it . 
  currently working my way through a concise history of germany , but that 's written in english :(, 
  would it make you feel better if councillor andrew cooper did the ama as per usual , but then we stick the other andrew cooper 's picture on their and we could all just pretend ? 
  ha , no . 
  even better . 
  this [ andrew coooper has some sexy photovoltaic panels and he 's looking to share ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-w-qahh7b7z8/vhuo8h1py8i/aaaaaaaab3u/bzze4mx4rbs/s1600/andrew%2bsolar%2b2.jpeg ) but i 'm sure he 'll tell you all about that on the day . 
  school chum ? 
  pretty sure they went to different schools . 
  maybe you 're thinking of borris johnson ? 
  cameron and johnson were at school and are oxford together . 
  in foreign policy cameron annoys all the same people blair annoyed , and for the same reasons , only worse . 
  cameron introduced air strikes in libya , started air strikes in iraq , and attempted to start a military campaign in syria ( but only failed because cameron lacks the support blair had in the house of commons ) . 
  additionally , cameron 's just awful at getting any thing done with our closest allies in europe . 
  there was a comment by quite politico.eu journalist a while ago who said that whenever there is an eu summit and the leaders give their sound bites afterwards , one often feels like david cameron was in one meeting talking about one thing and every body else was in a separate meeting . 
  it 's really isolated him in europe to the extent that on most votes he 's usually the only one voting differently ( e.g. 
  during the appointment of jean claude junker as commission president it as only cameron and hungary 's victor orban he voted against ) . 
  blair was a actually focused on working with his european partners which means that during the blair era the uk left a distinct impression on the shape of the eu , but in the past five years of david cameron we 've become irrelevant . 
  ( z.b. 
  there 's a lot of reasons . 
  i find a lot of the great cultural works of germany and the german language to be very interesting , like the works of philosophers such as kant and marx , and the literary works like goethe 's faust . 
  the german speaking regions today are also just great places with great people that i want to spend more time with . 
  the social atmosphere is just wonderful in my opinion . 
  it 's also just a very useful set of countries to be able to understand . 
  i mean , it is the largest and most powerful country in the eu . 
  and so it 's useful for an understanding of europe today , but also economically useful to me if i ever want to work in germany ( or even work as a translator between my two languages ) . 
  i also have some german heritage , as my grand father was a german-jewish refugee in the 1930s and i wanted to reconnect with that past a bit . 
  so really , what reasons are there not to learn german ? 
  because i can speak german ? 
  because europe is a continent of multilingualism . 
  i 'm just practicing my german whilst keeping up that great european tradition . 
  hmm , it 's very interesting . 
  the s&d block really seem to have coordinated themselves well on this . 
  i 'm not used to seeing euro parties ( groups of several national political parties which all co-operate as a single block on the european parliament ) work so well across borders . 
  could this be something we 'll see more of in the future as the european parliament plays a more significant role in the future ? 
  thanks for going into more detail , but i still disagree . 
  first of all : the foundation for why i believe that is because i think the sorts of services outlined in the meps ' message are more valuable than me watching netflix .
