  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  yes and no . 
  some of the figures within the article are provided by migration watch and should therefore be treated with scepticism , but others are provided by the home office ( `` ministry of the interior '' in euro-parlance ) which is far more reputable . 
   a total of 83,912 of the 231,100 main applications for asylum received in the decade between 2004 and 2014 were by migrants who were `` encountered by local immigration and enforcement staff '' , according to data provided by the home office in a written commons reply . 
  that said , all uk government departments partake in some bending of the figures to suit political ends . 
  for instance , all governments have constantly changed the definition of what `` employed '' and `` unemployed '' are ( are stay at home mothers [ un ] employed ? 
  what about pensioners , children , students , doctoral researchers , the physically disabled , the neurologically disabled , the physically impaired , the neurological different ? 
  how do the homeless fit in ? 
  etc. ) . 
  i would be surprised if the home office , as headed by theresa may , who stood on a platform of decrease immigration to the `` tens of thousands '' ( 99,999 at the minimum ) from its current high of 600,000 per year , * was n't * somehow bending the figures to suit their aims . 
  that said , they are limited in how far they can this , as opposed to migration watch , who can bend the figures as much as they like . 
  tl ; dr : some figures are more suspect than others . 
  the problem as i see it with this fascination with deportations etc. 
  is that if we try and root out all illegitimate asylum seekers , then we will almost certainly throw out some legitimate ones with them ( or at the very least waste money whilst making them feel unwelcome ) . 
  it 's the same situation with benefits . 
  we focus large amounts of money on ending welfare dependency , but in the process also take away the money from people who need it , like the disabled or those incapable of finding jobs . 
  as much as i dislike it , i would rather give money to those who do n't deserve it to ensure that everyone who does deserve it gets it . 
  if someone takes money that does n't belong to them then they are at fault . 
  if we refuse to be generous and caring to those who are in need then we are at fault . 
  i 'm saying that if you live in afghanistan then it 's unlikely you own a computer or an internet connection . 
  and if you are staying in the uk illegally then , again , it 's also unlikely that you are `` on the grid '' so you probably would n't own an internet connection here either . 
  i 'm not saying these people are n't breaking the law . 
  i 'm just saying we should also try and be understanding of what their position is . 
  people who break the law are usually the most in need themselves . 
  according to the article  iran ( 4,811 ) , followed by pakistan ( 3,511 ) , iraq ( 3,374 ) , eritrea ( 3,340 ) and afghanistan ( 3,133 ) . 
  non of these places are known for their free and open internet , or for the population having regular access to it . 
  well , at least a quarter of the the asylum applications which were lodged by illegal migrants and visa overstayers ( 83,912 in total , 2004-14 ) were already granted asylum . 
   of those applicants who claimed asylum after overstaying , 19,200 were either successful or given permission to remain in the country for another reason . 
  i say ` at least ' because that quote does n't refer to those that were illegal migrants , so the figure in reality is higher . 
  unfortunately we ca n't know how much higher ( and we can guess until the cows come home about how high it would be ) . 
  so i think the fact that at least a quarter of these claims are legitimate ( as proven by theresa may 's very austere home office ) and there is considerable scope for the figure to be much , much higher in terms of accepted asylum requests , that shows that a large proportion of these visa over stayers * do * have a legitimate right of asylum . 
  this all assumes that the asylum applicant is behaving rationally and with perfect knowledge of the asylum system , which i think is a false presumption . 
  if you believe your life to be in danger your are not going to behave rationally because you are scared either for yourself or for your family and close circle of friends . 
  and most people know nothing of asylum law because , for most people , there 's no need to learn about it . 
  i mean , could you tell me the difference between the new york protocol ( relating to the status of refugees ) , the 1951 refugee convention and the un 's universal declaration of human rights without looking at wikipedia ? 
  i ca n't , and the very fact we live in a part of the world where the `` refugee crisis '' is a thing means that we probably should know more about it than most . 
   migrants may choose not to claim asylum immediately because they have been trafficked into the country , and those who overstay may be applying legitimately because the conditions in their home country have changed since their arrival . 
  interesting that this was written into the article itself , and an article in the telegraph no less . 
  it 's easier to understand why an illegal migrant may not apply until caught ( as opposed to someone on a visa ) , because they may not know whether their own claim is legitimate . 
  or even if they 're 90 % sure they 're unlikely to risk being deported when deportation means death . 
  does n't matter . 
  if you make jessica ennis race against 1,000 other people jessica ennis will still win because she is the best runner . 
  i do n't see how sending more athletes puts us in a better position . 
  if anything it puts us in a worse one because we 're diverting our resources to training 28 sets of athletes instead of combining our training , resources and expertise to get a smaller number of better trained athletes . 
  well , in 2015 if you voted labour with ed miliband in charge , that vote is now supporting mps that are part of a party led by jeremy corbyn . 
  that is indeed a stark change . 
  we vote for the mps , usually according to their party labels , yes , but do you honestly think theresa may will 100 % stick to the sorts of things david cameron would have done if he had stayed on ? 
  theresa may has her own policy agenda and her own particular priorities . 
  this change in government will have a huge impact on policies ( the commitment to a `` balanced budget '' has already been dropped ) . 
  it 's undemocratic for a new person to come in control of government with their own agenda like this without us consenting to it . 
  yes , i know `` that 's just the way we do things '' but for some reason that same argument did not apply to the eu when it says `` that 's just the way we do things '' . 
  a new pm coming to the fore with only the support of a couple of hundred mps is undemocratic . 
  no ifs . 
  no buts . 
  are n't germany 4th in the olympics at the moment in terms of gold medals ? 
  that 's not bad . 
  you 're only behind usa , china and the uk . 
  apart from it does n't do that . 
  you can try and be offended all you want but you 're not doing anyone any favours . 
  that 's not true . 
  [ uk law does n't even have the concept of ` flag desecration ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_desecration ) . 
  that 's just having the answers to everything but with more efficiency !, 
  the investigation will definitely continue , it just may have to change because the current arrangement is unworkable . 
  see [ my comment here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4x73w2/child_abuse_inquiry_must_carry_on_for_sake_of/d6de0dj ), 
  howdy , local here : the mp is making this out to be something that it 's not . 
  this inquiry has had not one , not two , not three but now is on to its * four * chairperson in only two or three years . 
  something is going seriously wrong here . 
  one potential problem that people like the chairman of the home affairs select committee have outlined is the remit of the inquiry is just stupidly large . 
  on it 's on website it says it aims to  [ `` to expose past failures of institutions to protect children , to confront those responsible , to uncover systemic failures , to provide support to victims and survivors in sharing their experiences , and to make recommendations that will help prevent the sexual abuse and exploitation of children in the future . 
  '' ] ( https://www.iicsa.org.uk/sites/default/files/inquiry-opening-statement.pdf ) that sounds fine until you realise that this inquiry 's job is to `` expose past failures of institutions '' regardless of whether those institutions are part of government , the broadcasting industry , charities , business or anything . 
  it literally includes all institutions in the entire country ( or possibly even beyond ) . 
  in addition to that , it also aims to attribute blame on specific individuals and make recommendations for how to fix the problems . 
  compare that to a more successful inquiry into these sorts of matters , for instance , [ the one that looked into child sexual exploitation and the complicity of rotherham city council ] ( http://www.rotherham.gov.uk/downloads/file/1407/independent_inquiry_cse_in_rotherham ) as a specific organisation . 
  that was hugely successful because the remit was limited . 
  it 's almost impossible to make an inquiry like this workable and we should be pinning this on the former home secretary and now prime minister theresa may for badly constructing such an inquiry which is failing children up and down the country . 
  child sexual exploitation going on and every day a proper investigation is delayed is another day children 's innocence is stolen . 
  we should make a workable inquiry , rather than allowing theresa may to save face by supporting this failed inquiry . 
   christian fundamentalists moved away from murdering blasphemers/heretics centuries ago . 
  well , those from the isle of mann do n't get to see it either . 
  all they get is the irish sea . 
  not even a fully fledged ocean !, 
  the point is n't to win a war , the point is to prevent war from happening in the first place . 
  this is done both through by making war seem like an insane choice to any potential aggressors , which we have been failing at for decades despite our military superiority ( see : iraqi invasions of kuwait and iran , saudi arabian invasion of yemen , iraq and egypt 's invasion of israel , and everyone 's participation in the syrian civil war ) even then , we can obviously win a `` traditonal '' war but if iraq , afghanistan and syria has taught is anything it 's that traditional war is n't necessary what will happen . 
  having diplomatic partners ( i.e. 
  partners who are arab and/or muslims ) is what is necessary to avoid war . 
  neither cyprus nor israel offer that . 
  it 's nearby but you may have noticed the sea is blocking access . 
  it 's ideal spot for sending over aircraft , but you ca n't do much else . 
  the only way we 've invaded me countries in the past has generally been through saudi arabia , which is n't a relationship we want to be depending on into the future . 
  i would also say that we absolutely do need an arab country on side for diplomatic reasons . 
  otherwise there 's a risk the arabs unite against the west which would be terrifying . 
  tl ; dr : you need both military and diplomatic allies , and cyprus is hardly even a good military option . 
  yeah , the costs of brexit are likely to be far worse due to the way household inequality is . 
  it 'll hurt the most vulnerable whilst those that are already better off will stay better off . 
  worth noting that the institute for fiscal studies is just about the most reputable economic organisation in the uk, 
  you must be the only isle of mann redditor on the whole sub ... 
  well , cyprus is n't actually in the middle east for a start . 
  if you want a forward base of operations for military , economic and diplomatic interests relating to countries like egypt , saudi arabia , united arab emirates , iran and syria then you 're going to need a pro-western state that 's actually geographically and culturally much much closer to all those regions . 
  interesting . 
  i was reading about the [ turkish straights crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_straits_crisis ) and it seems to entirely gloss over that somewhat relevant detail ...
