  we should put great scientists , engineers , artists , sportspeople , activists and so on . 
  i think martin luther king jr is a great person to put on a note because of his leadership qualities and his commitment to fight for what was right , but he was also a wife beater , but that does n't mean he was n't also a great person . 
  sure martin luther king jr probably never killed anyone or order such actions to be taken , but there are also times when you need people to make those decisions and that is why we should have people who can when we need them . 
  that is why we should encourage our citizens to be those people . 
  [ edit : yes , i know this is a controversial point of view and yes i know it 's ` childish ' to care about karma , but i do care about it so can you kindly not downvote me unless i am not contributing to the discussion which i very much feel i am ] i 'm in two minds about people like columbus . 
  on the one hand , yes they did things which were awful and reprehensible . 
  on the other hand , i think you can still be proud of something even if it is festooned with reprehensible elements . 
  for instance i 'm proud of certain aspects of the british empire . 
  i 'm not proud of what it did to the indigenous populations or the reasons it did it . 
  but i am proud of the thing as a whole because it 's impressive . 
  it required a great level of competence and intelligence from the colonising nation in order to achieve what it did . 
  yes what it did achieve was inherently wrong and misguided , but it 's something worth remembering for both its moments of good , pride , shame and wrongness . 
  i think the same about napoleon and churchill . 
  they were very evil people at heart , but that does n't mean that you ca n't celebrate their skill . 
  there 's a deeper reason for this at heart as well . 
  columbus and napoleon are n't isolated examples of people who 're paraded as heroes despite being quite evil . 
  our whole narrative of ` great men ' and ` great achievements ' is wrong . 
  there 's no such thing as a person or achievement which is purely good . 
  a great person is not a perfect person . 
  they are great in what aspect and there is no assurance of them being even a decent person in any other aspect . 
  it 's the same for achievements . 
  many people , for instance , claim that capitalism is inherently good because it leads to a system of economic development that benefits all humans involved , but to put it in such binary terms is to oversimplify it and lose all meaning . 
  capitalism has brought greater quality of life to a greater number of people than ever before , but also at the expense of things like the environment and many kantians would argue at the expense of a certain level of human decency . 
  nothing is so simple , but we should celebrate certain aspects of things , even if we do n't accept the whole . 
  yeah , i 'm hoping that one day soon we 'll just cut the shit and start actually putting stuff worth celebrating on there , like beethoven , aristotle and columbus . 
  who * really * cares if luxembourg has more or less of its national icons on the euros than portugal ? 
  yeah the euros are supposed to not be confrontation and allow us to share in a common sense of unity , blah blah blah , but let 's do that by celebrating our common icons together . 
  the eurozone all has one currency , no matter which bit of the eurozone you 're in , why not all have the same heroes on them ? 
  as someone who 's only left the country twice for holidays , freedom of movement is one of the best things the european union has ever done ( i 'm not quite sure what the absolutely best thing is ) . 
  it allows millions of people to relocate to a place which suits them better . 
  it allows greater intercultural interaction . 
  it allows people to be more easily be united with those they care about . 
  it allows me a greater depth of opportunity , even if i am not taking advantage of such opportunities presently ( opportunities are n't only useful when you 're taking advantage of them ) . 
  and lastly , it allows for greater economic growth which if restricted would limit its abilities to help the economy grow . 
  that all seems pretty good in my book . 
  definitely a contender for the best thing the eu has done . 
  they 're extremely similar , and it 's often very hard to see what dialect someone is using based only on writing , but it 's still wrong . 
  hmm , i 'd argue that a lot of bread bakery in canada have a lot more tradition than a lot of the bakeries in france . 
  do n't get me wrong , some of france 's bakeries are the best in the world , but that 's only some of them . 
  there 's a huge number of bakeries in france , italy and canada and it would be unwise to try and come to a judgement about who has the best overall , because that judgement will be of absolutely no use . 
  even if everything i was is untrue , the fact of the matter is there 's so little between france and italy in terms of quality of food that you might as well just flip a coin . 
  if you can go to a great italian bakery , then go to a great italian bakery , not because it 's italian , but because it 's * a great bakery * . 
  same for france . 
  it 'll be a good bakery because it 's a good bakery , not because it 's french . 
  are all the disagreements between canadian provinces , us states or british regions solved ? 
  everyone will be happy with it apart from the argentinians and maybe spanish . 
  they 're never pleased about over seas territories, 
  it 's also worth mentioning the simplification of german which is taking place at the moment . 
  use of the genitive case is becoming increasingly less common in favour of the dative case , slimming the case system down to mostly three cases ( dative , nominative and accusative ) it 's just that , whilst german does have instances where word order are important and the benefits of the case system are absent , and there are instances of simplification of german , the english language really takes the biscuit in terms of being reliant ( apart from in the case of personal pronouns ) on word order and being very superficially simplified . 
  eh , having the whole country learn just one foreign language is hardly better than having a country which speaks no foreign languages . 
  it 's better to let people diversify so that we can have british translators and interpreters for trade with lots of different countries , not just france and the very small number of francophone countries . 
  in varietate concordia and all that jazz . 
  well there 's certainly an argument for it . 
  britain does have good abilities to mobilise its forces and retains a lot of very good manufacturing and technical abilities which china and russia lack . 
  the article makes a very good point that overall numbers are not what 's important , capabilities are and the uk and france arguably have a lot more capabilities than china does . 
  i think a lot of people in this sub have had the benefit of years of primary and secondary school education , as well as huge levels of exposure to english media , not only during their life after they joined reddit , but also all throughout their school life . 
  it 's as if most people in this subreddit have been living somewhat in an english speaking country for a large portion of their life in terms of the amount of exposure a lot of people here have had from english . 
  british students of a european foreign language are seldom so fortunate to have good primary and secondary education in the language or any significant level of exposure to the language outside of school . 
  you 'll notice we have more german and scandinavian users here than french because french teaching of foreign languages is n't fantastic and they do n't have the same level of cultural exposure as the germanic countries do . 
  if a german , frank or scandinavian were to try to use just their good/moderate education of the english language from secondary school and then advance to the level of fluency as many users here ( and i should note that whilst many users here write exceptionally good english , their spoken level is ambiguous , and speaking is much more difficult to pull off fluently than writing ) without going to university to learn it intensively or some other programme to learn it intensively . 
  you can self teach and i recommend it for those that have the time and the passion . 
  however , it takes much longer to learn this way because , putting it bluntly ` you do n't know what you do n't know ' and therefor it 's * very * difficult to plot your path towards fluency and competence in a foreign language if you have no idea what to expect . 
  this is where teachers do and will also come in to serve a purpose , as a guide to learning something efficiently , effectively and in a timely manny for a useful purpose . 
  you do n't * need * a teacher , but without one you 're going to take a lot longer over learning a language which is why i heavily recommend one and i heavily recommend using the university period of your life to acquire these skills early on . 
  this is the thing about english and empire . 
  because so many different people have learned english in recent centuries , it 's had the effect that english ( at a basic level and a basic level only ) is extremely simple . 
  it 's one of the easiest languages in the learn to speak badly , but one of the hardest to speak well . 
  many of britain 's colonial subjects would have learned english and therefor dumbed down the grammar slightly which is part of the reason our case system and genders have disappeared . 
  german has never really gone through the same process and french has , but to a much lesser extent . 
  the process is still somewhat going on today for english , but people are learning it more out of free will than because they 're subjects of the uk . 
  the english language falls down in many other ways though . 
  our sentences are * entirely * dependent on word order for meaning , and making a simple syntactical mistake can lead to the meaning of the sentence being entirely obscured , where as with german this is n't so much the case because of the case system . 
  additionally , our orthography ( relationship between written and spoken language ) as * terrible * . 
  french and german both have extremely good systems for working out how what particular sound should be written in what particular way and visa versa . 
  with english you might as well just guess , and even as a native speaker , i do , often . 
  you very much ca n't . 
  languages are n't just something that if you sit next to them they 'll gradually seep into your brain like a plant . 
  you need to be making an active effort to learn them , and that means more than just actively listening to what people are saying . 
  people use , on average , the same 2,000 words every day . 
  it 's all words like `` please , thank you , that one , left , right '' . 
  non of it is particularly interesting vocabulary . 
  if you want to really be able to say you speak a language well , you need to know the other 18,000 words that everybody who speaks the language is just expected to know . 
  words like `` education , pharmacy , government , history , procedure , programme , psychology , psychiatry , thematic , endangered , inexplicable , target audience , biannual '' . 
  these are n't all words you 'll necessarily come across if you just sit at a coffee shop or a bus station and ease drop on people 's conversations . 
  you need to make an active effort to learn this type of vocabulary or else it 'll take you years to get to know the language . 
  it 'll take you even longer if you want to specialise in a particular field . 
  for instance i ( as someone who studies government history ) will have to learn words for things like constitutionalism , qualified majority voting , majoritarian , pluralist , totalitarian , utilitarian , uncodified , second/double-ballot , constituency , constituent , mp/mep / , royal prerogative and cabinet government . 
  i 'm never going to get that kind of vocabulary in a foreign language unless i make a consistent effort to seek out such vocabulary . 
  it 's the same story if you specialise in engineering or philosophy or cinematography . 
  different fields have different vocabularies . 
  this is why you need to learn languages properly and not just expect it to seep in like you 're a plant . 
  this is why if you want to learn it in any reasonable time scale you need to be in the right in environment and you need to be seeking out words and grammar , not just having a chat with the receptionist and expecting yourself to be able to talk about parliamentary democracy the next time it comes up . 
  as a fellow language learner and fellow brit , i 'd be extremely skeptical if you did n't need to moan . 
  by all means , let it all out !, 
  are you looking for real german language content ( e.g : tv shows , newspapers , literature ) or learning resources like flash cards ? 
  for the former : * die bild is basically the equivalent of the sun and i enjoy reading it because it 's obviously written in a way which is easy to understand and immediately entertaining rather than other newspapers which tend to be harder to read and less immediately gratifying , but are more interesting and insightful ( arguably ) . 
  * spiegel tv is apparently quite a good source of genuine german speech . 
  * there 's plenty of good films at your local library which your librarian will recommend to you or order from the central office . 
  i highly recommend goodbye lenin . 
  * / r/de is the german language subreddit .
