  north korea 's stupidity is endless . 
  do n't underestimate them . 
  i think if the european parliament wants to get its own dialect of english which is much more clear and much more practical , that that 's great and should n't be stopped . 
  however , that dialect should stay with the people that use it . 
  like how the word `` garbage '' and `` trash '' stay in america , and `` rubbish '' stays in the uk . 
  having a common european form of english sounds quite good . 
  a super simplified down , yet completely accepted form . 
  one with ever so slightly different grammar and ever so slightly different words . 
  more so than us english to british english . 
  it 'd help ( but not complete ) detach english as , well , english thing to the european world and maybe it could be accepted as a ^ ( singular ) working language of the eu . 
  but i 'm still gon na keep my stupid variety of english with all it 's horrible spelling and grammar :p, 
  i think this speaks more about him using shitty english as opposed to english becoming multiple languages/dialects . 
  if some one says some thing and no one else understands , that 's the speaker being a bad speaker , not the language being a bad language . 
  whilst the un might allow for a war to take place , there 's nothing * forcing * any one to go to war , apart from maybe south korea who have the choice between war or annihilation . 
  nato articles seem really important here because there 'll be little motive for countries in europe to participate . 
  they/we 're not in range of any missiles and they/we are much more pacifist than america and even canada ( exceptionally so if you exclude the uk and france ) . 
  so most eu states would * probably * need to be forced to participate . 
  in the first korean war i believe there actually was a motive for most . 
  that being that the ussr was actually a threat to every one because the ussr was right next to every one . 
  north korea is n't close to any one and is n't a threat to most of us . 
  i think it 's worth looking at iraq . 
  iraq invaded kuwait in the * first * gulf war . 
  iraq was n't quite as internationally dangerous to every one at this point as north korea , but iraq could certainly cut off a lot of our oil . 
  so a bunch of coalition forces invaded . 
  * however * , a huge proportion of western countries did n't . 
  they did n't want to involve themselves . 
  this happened with britain and the vietnam war too . 
  britain did n't want to be involved , so did n't participate . 
  it 's worthing noting that i think , should a korean war come to fruition , a few european states will get involved along with the usa ( assuming the usa does ) . 
  i just think that if nato is not invoked , most of them wont . 
  i was reading along with that , thinking `` yeah , sounds reasonable '' and then you got to the examples and i immediately backtracked and started thinking that it was a horrible idea xd `` gooses , seed , sheeps , ect '' do n't take away my irrational spellings !, 
  please !, 
  ` on the blink ' as in it 's not working . 
  what the `` booth '' is , i 'm not certain . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say he meant the translator 's booth which means he 's not going to be able to be translated . 
  i 'd like to point out that should north korea go crazy and start invading south korea it 's not even certain that nato would be able to be invoked . 
  nato can only be used if a member state 's territory in europe or north america is attacked . 
  if nk attacks south korea , that 's not in europe or north america so nato would n't be able to be invoked . 
  if north korea fired a nuclear missile at the usa it 's still uncertain . 
  that missile would almost certainly be shot down mid stream by one of the usa 's anti missile things ( basically , when they see a missile coming , they fire another missile which meets the first mid way through so that they both blow up ) . 
  in that case , the usa itself would go completely unscathed and one could make the argument that this means nato can not be invoked . 
  whether an * attempted * attack on us soil is enough to invoke nato or whether the attack has to actually touch down is incredibly unclear . 
  some one can come and say their interpretation of the articles , but the point stands that all nato members wont necessarily see it the same was as you . 
  so , europe might not ever get involved even if the usa does , which would be nice . 
  i 'm sure we 'll send them lots of aid and stuff though . 
  sounds like that gold mine has been the victim of sensationalist journalism . 
  i find it quite hard to believe that a mining operation would cause the amount of damage they 're talking about to the local environment . 
  there 'd be national or eu laws or even un/international law there to stop that sort of thing taking place . 
  i just ca n't see the claims the protestors are making being true . 
  the language used and seems vaguely edl-esc . 
  it 's not what he 's saying that ticks every one off , it 's how he 's saying it and that the impression given indicates that he 'd be fine with a lingua franca in europe if that language happened to be french . 
  he 's a bit of a prat , but his ideas are * mostly * decent . 
  what my worry is , is that we 'll be forcing meps to use and know english , when there was previously no technical abilities required . 
  in the uk you need no qualifications to be elected as an mp , you need only be 18 and be a common wealth citizen ( not even a british citizen ) . 
  really , you should n't have to have any specific set of abilities to represent people . 
  it 's ideal and any one i vote for will certainly be knowledgable and well trained , but i 'm not sure it should be a * requirement * to stand as an mp or mep . 
  better flair for self posts sounds like a fantastic idea . 
  oh and i 'm not sure the new york times has been mentioned . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen that around here on a few occasions over the passed months . 
  if that 's worth anything . 
  i wonder what the commission 's response would be if their e-petition system reached the required number of signatories for `` make the president of the european commission and ( / or ) european council an elected position . '', 
  might be some thing worth starting a campaign for , perhaps ? 
  personally those two options are my least favourite and should it come to a referendum of whether they should be directly elected or not i 'd be torn between abstention and voting yes . 
  if i was to make the `` yes '' argument , i 'd talk about the lack of directly elected officials in the eu . 
  the facts that only the ep is directly elected body ( there 's some ambiguousness about the council here ) and that we need to increase the amount of elected officials rather than appointed officials to keep the european public from being disenfranchised . 
  those are the sort of arguments that would be made , but i 'm unconvinced on the issue . 
  i was merely stating ways in which democracy could be improved , not whether i think they would work or whether they 're good ideas . 
  democracy is n't always good ( see the tyranny of the majority and the house of lords ) and the european presidents may be another example of that , however , i 'm unconvinced . 
  oh and last thing , the eu * really * needs to get better at naming things . 
  we have four high up possitions in europe with the name president . 
  there 's a wikipedia page for it ( president of the council of the eu , president of the european commission , president of the european parliament , president of the european central bank ) and add on top of the problems with the council of europe vs the eu , vs the european court of human rights and the human rights act and the strasbourg courts , it 's a big mess . 
  it 's awfully common for mps and mepss to not pay attention at all , after all , they 're usually just going to follow the party whip anyway . 
  it just so happens that we can tell when meps are n't paying attention . 
  they do in national parliaments too , but it 's harder to spot . 
  however you can still find it in certain places . 
  in the uk ' house of lords ( full of old people , seriously ) you can often see them literally falling asleep and being asleep . 
  it 's not uncommon . 
  also , at the committee stage of legislation you used to be able to find mps writing their christmas cards whilst the opposing side made their counter arguments ( this was in a room , not parliament itself ) . 
  after they got more media stuff in there they stopped though . 
  however , it shows you how much people really care what the other side is saying . 
  that dirty liberalism . 
  imposing itself on our european politics . 
  i tell ya , half this liberalism would n't be here if english was so important !, 
  ^ ( mutters about how liberalism should stay where it comes from ), 
  if there 's a news source you like and that you might post here , then you might as well ask the mods to give it an icon . 
  they can always turn it down , after all . 
  that video pretty much covered everything . 
  it was very interesting , and there 's nothing i feel i can add to that here , apart from that that french guy came off as a bit of a twat , only slightly though `` i enjoy when we speak in english , because you can see the british in pain '' ect . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  when did i ever say the ep was either not elected or that it was not the only directly elected body in the eu ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  what are you trying to point out ? 
  it 's pertaining to the legal situation of a european state . 
  this makes it a european issue . 
  afghanistan issues are also worth being posted here if they affect the european side of things as most of europe is involved in afghanistan . 
  if some thing were to be going on in morocco or the anatolian part of turkey , it would also be worth posting here as it will be of interest to europe . 
  it 's worth noting that the falklanders/falklandians/falkers ^ ( ? ), 
  have a had referendums at least two times in the passed on whether they wanted to be british or not and both times they came back with an overwhelming `` yes '' . 
  argentina ignored the result both times already and imo has been at rock bottom in terms of its argument since then , though it was merely scraping the bottom before then . 
  hmm , i sort of agree however that 's a violently different problem to not having a directly elected parliament .
