  he right should have been kept here and seen justice in british courts for all of his crimes , until such a time until he could return to his home country without having his human rights violated . 
  tbf : i reckon that terrorism is actually slightly more common in europe than in america . 
  it 's still completely insignificant to the normal lives of people , but in europe we have a much wider array of terrorist organisations that have , at various times , had the potential to carry out a real terrorist incident . 
  for instance , in the 80s the ira remnants blew up a conservative party conference in the uk ( killing a couple of mps ) and bombed downing street ( but thankfully nobody was killed , but the street has been gated off ever since ) . 
  norther irish sectarian groups continue to surface ever couple of years to plant a car bomb or kill a loan police man or something . 
  there 's also chechen nationalist organisations which have a big effect on russia , and notably blew up a train station in the run up to the sochi olympics . 
  there was also that spanish anti-government organisation that iirc recently disbanded ( ? 
  ) ( can a spanish person wade in here ? ) . 
  there 's also the minefield ( literally ) of the former yugoslavian states . 
  do the italian maffias count as terrorist organisations ? 
  they certainly seem to carry out pseudo terrorist acts from time to time . 
  they all still have less of an impact on daily life than drunk drivers do , but i think they 've had more impact than terrorism has on the us . 
  although if you counted school shootings as terrorist acts , i think it would be quite the opposite . 
   the truth is that we have zero control over what types of people come here via the med that 's not really true . 
  if they arrive and launch an asylum application we have to process them and determine whether their claim is legitimate or not . 
  if it 's ruled legitimate they 're bound to stay . 
  if it 's ruled illegitimate we can do whatever we want with them . 
  so we actually have a great deal of control . 
  the only people we do n't have control over is people who are in genuine peril for their lives , and i do n't see why we would want to do anything other than help them anyway . 
   if not most of the boat people are economic migrants they 're actually ** not ** mostly economic migrants [ as i point out in this comment using information from the un ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33cv92/if_you_want_to_stop_migrants_crossing_the/cqjutt8 ) . 
  the majority of asylum applications in europe come from syria and eritrea , one of which is being dominated by a civil war and islamic state , whilst the other has one of the worst human rights records on the planet . 
  i 'd be quite surprised if these countries just happened to be seeping more economic migrants than refugees . 
  i do n't know where this assumption that most of the migrants in the med are economic comes from . 
  the only halfway decent point people have ever brought up to prove this assertion is that that the voyage costs a few thousand euros , and if the migrants have a few thousand euros `` just sitting around '' ( which it usually is n't . 
  the wealth was usually tied up in a family house or something which they sold to pay for the crossing ) then they ca n't be refugees . 
  but this is ignoring the fact that you do n't need to be extreme levels of poverty to be a refugee . 
  your life can be in danger even if you are rich , and in fact being wealthy often makes you more of a target for a tyrannical regime such as isil or eritrea , not less of one . 
  that 's one of the many reasons jews were targeted in the run up to wwii , because they had significant wealth which could be liquidated and used for the war effort . 
  the realisation was usually pretty good , but i think a lot of them could be improved hugely with just a little finishing touch . 
  for instance , the crest on malta 's ( or was it monaco ? ), 
  flag was slightly cut off , as was part of cyprus 's . 
  if they were just recentred it would be hugely better . 
  also , i know this is weird , but i think the shades of blue used on the french , dutch , british , etc flags should be altered so that they either are * more distinct * from the blue of the european flag or so that they * match it exactly * . 
  using the original colours just really annoys me because they sit in that uncanny valley where the colours are n't close enough but are still too different . 
  it would be vexillologically inaccurate , but it would be infinitely more visually pleasing . 
  re-listed . 
  so this ban is finland 's eurovision entry ? 
  this has been delisted until a source is provided which proves the assertions made in the title . 
   however , everything seems vague , with little amount of concrete facts to it that 's because the negotiations are ongoing and no fixed details are being released until after the negotiations are concluded . 
  this is standard practice for all treaty negotiations , because too much public scrutiny can actually stop good decisions from being reached , because both sides are constantly trying to look tough , and score political points . 
  when the content of the treaty is finally announced ( no idea when that 'll be , maybe this year of we 're lucky ) there will be a one year long consultation period before the treaty is ratified by the european parliament . 
  it is within that time period that we should decide if we want the trade agreement or not . 
  the only reasons to be against ttip as it stands right now is if you are against free trade in principle . 
  if you are scared of the investor state dispute mechanism , or the effects that ttip will have on european consumer standards , or anything else , then you should hold off on criticising ttip on these grounds until after we actually see what ttip would do to these . 
  right now , it could turn out that they have absolutely no effect whatsoever , or it could be absolutely detrimental to european consumer standards and be an infringement on national sovereignty . 
  we just do n't know . 
  tl ; dr : we know nothing . 
  wait until the information is actually in the public domain . 
  we 'll have a year to decide from that point onwards . 
  do n't start making your opinions pre-maturely . 
  let them actually write the treaty before we condemn . 
   netflix has a whole subsection of french films i 've just been on netflix and all i could find was a `` foreign films '' section ^ ( which by the way is the most annoyingly dismissive title that you could think of ; it basically says ` and here 's everything else which we ca n't be bothered to classify into a proper genre because it 's just all the same foreign stuff from every where else in the world ' as if everything foreign is somehow homogenous and similar but i digress ) and picked out all the french films i could find . 
  it seemed very lacking : / all i could find was populaire , the girl with the blue hair and a couple of others i ca n't remember . 
  maybe the british netflix is just really bad ? 
  you 'd think our selection of european films would be great , given proximity and cultural connections , but it 's awful . 
  there 's such a thing as too much of a good thing . 
  film 's just really not an area i focus on . 
  i 'm much stronger on stuff like history , language and society . 
  i 'm much more at home talking about why the renaissance started in southern europe , especially the states which would later become italy ( venice being a major enlightenment state ) and spread to the rest of europe instead of the other way around . 
  i 'm also a bit more read up on literature than film . 
  i 've had a go at reading candide for example , but i 'm not huge literary person either . 
  so yeah , what i 'm trying to say is just because i do n't pay much attention to a particular area of european culture you place importance on , does n't mean i 'm not culturally aware . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm some huge conoseur , but i 'm not ignorants either . 
  and i think many other people will have the same problem . 
  they 'll often be perfectly intelligent and knowledgable individuals who just happen to lack the breadth of knowledge over specific european films to really make it worth while . 
  but the whole conflict is based largely on the wars of the roses , despite small parts being lifted from other european history . 
  i mean , westeros is an * island * with a large capital city in the south and a rebellious no-man 's - land behind a wall at the top . 
  it that 's not britain circa 1400 i do n't know what is . 
  non that i can name . 
  but then , i ca n't name many french films at all . 
  i know that en suite and les miserables were popular here , but i 've not seen them . 
  i ca n't name any others . 
  do you know any that i might have seen ? 
  or any you 'd recommend ? 
  * in film concordia * [ a play on the motto of the european union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motto_of_the_european_union ) which is * ` in varietate concordia ' * which means ` in diversity , unity ' or ` united in diversity ' . 
  so this is ` united in film ' / ` in film united ', 
  a bit like game of thrones uses british actors , is filmed in the uk ( northern ireland iirc ) and is largely based on uk history , but is largely an american series ( although it 's also very popular world wide ) . 
  there enough films that we 've all actually seen that are n't dominated by one country ? 
  i 'd consider myself pretty culturally aware , but i ca n't actually think of any films i 've seen which come outside german and english speaking countries . 
  does everything is illuminated count as a ukrainian film ? 
  are you sure you do n't mean page 61 ? 
  62 is about illegal immigration but 61 fits with the map better and the numbers match up . 
  i 'm gon na allow it and assume you meant page 61 . 
  this has been delisted until a source is provided . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't know how i feel about reposts . 
  there 's certainly no rule on the topic to offer guidance . 
  if we allow more content like this in future , we 'll have to get together as a mod team and make some decisions . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm going to re-approve . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  i do n't think i looked at the video closely enough ; long day . 
  i thought bulgaria entered schengen in like 2013 ? 
  i 've nothing against fun but if you allow youtube music videos very seen this would become less / r/europe and more / r/adviceanimalseuropeedition . 
  it 's about stopping content from becoming lowest common denominator stuff . 
  ~ ~ mod here . ~ ~ ~ ~ sorry but this has been delisted under rule 2.6 . 
  perhaps this would be better suited in / r/europeanculture ? ~ ~ never mind . 
  i call dibs !, 
  * liberland mk ii ; this time it 's personal *, 
  moldova do n't real .
