   tea -  lime juice & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  is n't most of turkey actually very poor ? 
  the western cities like istanbul and izmir are very westernised and wealthy , but that 's only one part of the country . 
  the interior is very rural and poor . 
  that is a very heartwarming story . 
  i would n't have expected this from a cdu politician either . 
  it 's certainly not reality of how most people ( at least in large subs ) use it , but i do n't let most people 's missuse effect whether i use it properly or not, 
  just to dispel stereotypes a little bit : this is n't exclusively a french thing , and it 's not as mean as you think . 
  i and many other british people ( and probably many others besides ) will complain about * everything * when we 're abroad for the first day or two because we miss home . 
  it 's like , there 's a lot of things from your home country that you just ca n't find anywhere else ( like it 's literally impossible to find a good cup of tea outside of the british isles unless you know an expat there already who can hook you up ) . 
  yeah , that 's a large reason for going on holiday , but it 's still a bit emotionally exhausting to be outside of your comfort zone like that so suddenly , and complaining helps to lessen the feeling . 
  i own tea of these . 
  i drink tea form it . 
  best souvenirs ever . 
  i wonder if there 's any chance of the right to be forgotten being integrated into ttip ... and if that would change anybody 's mind about the treaty, 
  what was actually going on here ? 
  this has been removed until a source is provided . 
  excellent . 
  now i can compare and contrast the two theories  have an up vote, 
  then could you link to a report similar to the one that / u/obeystatusquo posted , just for the sake of argument . 
   `` some random nobody pulling stuff out of his ass and pretending its valid '' whilst i agree that pulling stuff out of your ass as stormfront does is bad , i hardly think this guy is pulling stuff out of his ass . 
  i mean , here 's his list of sources for even this relatively small piece of writing  battisti , m , g felbermayr , g peri , and p poutvaara ( 2014 ) , `` immigration , search , and redistribution : a quantitative assessment of native welfare '' , nber working paper 20131 . 
   boeri , t ( 2010 ) , `` immigration to the land of redistribution '' , economica , 77 ( 308 ) : 651 -- 687 . 
   borjas , g j ( 1995 ) , `` the economic benefits from immigration '' , journal of economic perspectives , 9 ( 2 ) : 3 -- 22 . 
   borjas , g j ( 2003 ) , `` the labor demand curve is downward sloping : reexamining the impact of immigration on the labor market '' , quarterly journal of economics , 118 ( 4 ) : 1335 -- 1374 . 
   d\u2019amuri , f , g ottaviano , and g peri ( 2010 ) , `` the labor market impact of immigration in western germany in the 1990s '' , european economic review , 54 ( 4 ) : 550 -- 570 . 
   dustmann , c and t frattini ( 2013 ) , `` the fiscal effects of immigration to the uk '' , cream discussion paper 22/13 . 
   hanson , g h ( 2009 ) , `` the economic consequences of the international migration of labor '' , annual review of economics , 1 ( 1 ) : 179 -- 208 . 
   ottaviano , g i p and g peri ( 2008 ) , `` immigration in western europe '' , voxeu.org , 17 april . 
  it may well be * wrong * , but he 's certainly not pulling this `` out of his ass '' . 
  if we 're gon na critique it , let 's at least critique it for what it 's saying , and acknowledge the fact that it 's not just something this person has pulled out of thin air . 
  everything immigration is highly biased . 
  that 's the nature of political issues , and immigration is the defining political issue of the moment . 
  is it biased ? 
  of course . 
  it would be useless if it was n't bias ( unbiased articles on immigration are effectively contentless ) . 
  edit : like to remind people to vote based on [ redditquette ] ( https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette#wiki_in_regard_to_voting ) not personal opinion . 
  the long link post was auto-removed for some reason , because one of the links was slightly faulty in some way . 
  reddit automatically filters out certain links like that because they 're used to circumvent sitewide filters to inappropriate websites ( child porn , piracy , etc ) . 
  fortunately this is one of the only reddit wide functions which individual subreddit moderators can override , so we 've restored it because all the links seem fine . 
  a lot of churches in england ( or at least my local church ) do the bells on sundays , i think . 
   a usar-team is on location looking for someone who is suspected of being covered under the debris . 
  what 's a usar ? 
  if somebody 's under the debris , then it 's pretty likely that we 're gon na have at least one fatality by the end of this : /, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm glad to help clear up the distinction between our two subreddits , although fortunately there 's usually a user like yourself who 's cleared it up before i even have a chance to get there , which is nice , 
  it 's the same way uk or irish people can support irish republicanism ( i.e. 
  northern ireland becoming part of the republican of ireland ) or british unionism ( northern ireland staying part of the uk ) without supporting the ira ( a terrorist organisation which fights for irish republicanism ) or unionist paramilitaries ( basically the same thing , but less organised and for unionists ) . 
  just because terrorists support something you support does n't make * you * a terrorist . 
  how 's euronews biased ? 
  even if clinton wins the democratic nomination and goes onto win the presidential election , i 'd say that merkel may still be the most powerful woman in the world . 
  look at it this way : merkel is not just the leader of germany , but the whole european union . 
  ( although , by the time clinton potentially becomes president , the european institutions themselves may have overtaken that role ) . 
  the european union itself is actually more powerful than the united states . 
  the eu has a larger gdp ( eu : $ 18.5 trillion . 
  usa : $ 17.4 trillion ) and a larger population ( eu : 500 million . 
  usa : 320 million ) . 
  and yes , whilst the eu economy generally at the moment is sluggish , the eu also has much more potential for sudden and huge economic growth in the eastern and southern member states once the crisis is resolved . 
  the only area where the usa is unquestionably a more powerful entity in terms of overall assets is in military might . 
  however , military might by itself is not very useful on modern international relations . 
  economic might is the determiner , and even then the eu already has not one , but two independent nuclear deterrents and , collectively , would be the second highest military spending bloc in the world , after only the usa . 
  so merkel as the leader of all this would certainly be a rival to a us president in terms of the power their blocs preside over . 
  the second thing to look at is the restraints upon the power of merkel in her role as leader of the eu and the restraints which would be upon hilary clinton as president . 
  within merkel 's own country she is virtually unrestrained , as her party alone has almost an overall majority and also is in coalition with the social democratic party which makes her control about 3 quarters of the parliament . 
  so within germany she 's virtually unrestrained which is power she can then project outwards across europe to instigate reform . 
  the support merkel has from like minded governments around europe further solidify her position : the european commission is held by a member of the european people 's party ( junker ) , which is the euro group that merkel 's christian democratic party belongs to , as does the european council ( tusk ) . 
  even the european parliament is held by a social democrat * from germany * ( schulz ) . 
  so the european institutions are definitely on the same ideological wave length as merkel . 
  so are virtually all the major member states : the uk is slightly to the right , france is slightly to the left . 
  the only country which is an outlier is greece . 
  the restraints that there would be on hilary clinton ? 
  let 's not forget that her husband , bill clinton , tried to push through the relatively modest proposal to further healthcare across america never even made it to the floor of congress ( their equivalent of parliament ) despite bill clinton being a very popular two term president . 
  what 's more , even clinton 's own party , the democrats , have refused toe the party line on things like the pacific partnership ( a version of ttip but for asia-america ) , and that 's without even considering the republicans who will likely continue to control at least one house of congress , who have consistently undermined obama 's position on things like the iranian nuclear crisis by sending letters to the iranian government that they will not support * any * treaty with iran . 
  tl ; dr/conclusion : so the bloc that merkel presides over is more powerful in many ways than the us bloc in terms of both population and economic size ( which is what matters ) , although the usa is still obviously more powerful in the military area . 
  however , the restraints upon merkel are considerably fewer than the restraints that would be on a potential president clinton . 
  merkel has complete dominance over domestic politics , and is surrounded in europe by like minded politicians , both in other countries and in the european institutions . 
  however clinton is unlikely to be able to dominate politics in congress , and will probably not even be able to rely on the support of her own party . 
  if you or / u/specsaversgaza wants culture , then maybe try some of the bbc radio stations . 
  i like to listen/watch to bbc parliament because i 'm a politics geek like that , but found that , shockingly , parliament is n't doing anything on a sunday evening , so it quietly switched my radio to bbc radio 4 ( iirc ) where it had a nice section on woman 's hour which i found much more interesting than i had expected . 
  it featured a the chair of the new women 's and equalities select committee but then also talked about a radio drama that was going to broadcast soon about virginia wolf which sounded interesting ( although i know i wo n't have enough time to actually listen to any of it ) . 
  my personal favourites are * politico.eu , for editorial pieces . 
  i particularly like their weekly podcast called ` in the loop ' which comes out mostly in english but also has special episodes in french , spanish , german and italian . 
  * eu observer * der spiegel in english is quite good for more in depth pieces of reporting . 
  they try and do a lot of expos\u00e9s . 
  i mainly read it in german though . 
  * deutsche welle is also quite good for general reportage of the facts . 
  the reporting seems to be slow , and vary hugely depending on what language it 's in . 
  there 's [ this list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/news_sources ) which you can find in the sidebar . 
  post to megathread . 
  so how come these negative side effects from austerity kicked in right now ? 
  there 's been austerity for five years , but the greek economy was showing signs of improving , and was even posting positive economic growth . 
  why the sudden drop now ? 
  well then what do you think was responsible for this drop in economic out put ? 
  please post to megathread, 
  that 's been the secret point of the megathread all along ... 
  it 's a ruse to utilise numerals !, 
  nobody suspects a thing ... 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i want to streamline the whole process so we make less mistakes . 
  i think that we should reform the back end of moderation .
