  obviously if we rolled out flairs based on qualifications then the mods would get them too because all mods are users of the site as well , but you get t where i 'm coming from ? 
   but , i 'm pretty sure that i 've disclosed those types of details before . 
  although , i should probably delete this eventually , because of reddit 's doxxing rules and all . 
  it 's okay to doxx yourself . 
  dclauzel temporarily had his account removed for post pictures of himself , but once he spoke to the admins to say that he was only posting images of himself , they pretty quickly re-approved it , and they only removed it in the first place because dclauzel posts loads of information about himself . 
  thered be absolutely no problem with just saying that you live in brussels and have a website, 
  eww do n't be disgusting . 
  butter is fattening . 
  ai n't nothing wrong with being a green or a corbyn supporter . 
  ** you hear that guys ? 
  ** you can take your fancy continental foods with words i do n't even understand - traditional blte 's are the clear favourite . 
  ** europe has decided !, 
  ** ## ** rule britannia !, 
  two nill !, 
  two nill !, 
  britania rules the waves !, 
   well , except for the bacon and egg one . 
  truly , a cultural experience you wo n't regret , apart from when you lie dying on the street due to a heart attack at the age of 60 . 
  but just a side note here : i was in austria ( specifically , vorarlberg , which is kind of , sort of more switzerland than it is austria ) and i was talking about bacon and egg and the family i was staying with asked me to cook it for them . 
  this was all fine , but they did this weird thing and got what was called ` american style bacon ' . 
  i was n't aware there * were * different styles of bacon . 
  apparently american style is just rubbish , from what i can see . 
  it 's too thin and lacking in meat . 
  it was like a millimetre thick , where as normally uk bacon is at least 5 millimetres thick . 
  it 's more like pancetta , but without the delicious flavour . 
  is this what american bacon is actually like ? 
  or is it just some germanic interpretation ? 
  these vorarlbergers do n't seem to eat bacon at all , from what i gathered . 
  i spotted a dclauzel hiding behind that bottle !, 
  coincidentally , i love to throw loads of strong , grated cheddar on my bacon and egg at the last minute . 
  some of it stays room temperature , some of it become lovely and liquid , and some of it crystallises . 
  delicious . 
  then , i add some of this special salt that i got given in the ruhr valley in germany , which is essential coal salt . 
  pictured [ here ] ( https://theroyalgreen.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/kohlesalz2.jpg?w=620] and [ here ] ( https://theroyalgreen.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/salz.jpg ) . 
  it leaves soot on your hands when you sprinkle a pinch . 
   [ bechamel sauce , separate skillet , chopped shallots , truffle paste ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/unitedimpurealaskajingle.gif ), 
  could people include a picture , or description of what sort of foods they 're describing ? 
  like , i 've heard the words enchilada and borsch and cevappi and schnitzel , but if i have n't eaten these foods before ( which is true for half of those ) i have no idea whether i want to cook them or not unless i 've heard a description or seen a picture . 
  something to wet my appetite . 
   enjoy how does one actually eat that ? 
  bacon and egg . 
  ingredients : bacon and an egg . 
  put bacon in frying pan with oil . 
  fry bacon . 
  add egg . 
  remove . 
  eat . 
  the simplest ways are the best, 
  you 're aware this mod was suspended for that post ? 
  ( or , well , it was the straw that broke the camel 's back ), 
  i think people tend to be either motivated by self interest or by overwhelming compassion in the refugee crisis , and both sides do not really acknowledge the individuality of the asylum seekers . 
  virtually everybody sees the migrants as a mass of people who 're all broadly the same . 
  the different comes in how the individual stereotypes the migrants . 
  those who 're vividly anti-immigration see them all as economic migrants , with disregard for the law who 're moving even though they do n't have to . 
  and some migrants are like that . 
  those who 're more motivated by compassion see them all as syrians and afghans and eritreans , all of whom are legitimate asylum seekers . 
  the problem truly is that about half of the asylum seekers are from the three hellholes are already mentioned , and another half are from elsewhere , which usually means they 're economic migrants . 
  so there 's a convincing case that both side is correct . 
  the mistake that just about everybody seems to be making is that they do not acknowledge that there are a variety of different migrants who are migrant for different reasons . 
  nobody is willing to acknowledge this and acknowledge that we need to have a different solution for different types of migrants . 
  that 's my theory , at any rate . 
   / u/tubeez has been banned for insulting / u/pegasus, 
  it 's a point . 
  we 'll certainly consider it in future applications . 
  there is a problem though , that all of the different mods vote in favour ( or against ) a particular candidate for different ( and sometimes conflicting ) reasons . 
  it can sometimes be hard to agree on a list of positives . 
  i mean , it has taken us weeks just to agree on who should be in the short list . 
  it 'd multiply the time exponentially if we started trying to agree on * why * they 're there :p, 
  true , but , i 'm not particularly concerned with instilling confidence . 
  i just want to get the job done . 
  this is the most effective way with the resources we 've got , and it yields results . 
  we 'll be changing the process in future to refine it , and cater it more to our abilities . 
  once the mods are n't ridiculously over worked we 'll be able to vet much more effectively * before * going to the community . 
  but currently , the only effective way with our limited time and resources is to directly include the community in the process . 
  and they seem more than happy to help . 
  me personally ? 
  you 've got to remember that we had at least 100 applications to sort through , and we knew in advance that we would be using a thread like this , so it made a lot of sense to read * just * their applications and then kick the short list straight to the community , knowing that we can shorten the list down further after that . 
  if we still feel as though one candidate has n't been closely inspected enough even at that point , we can specifically look into just that candidate . 
  it all saves time and energy , which we can deploy to actually running the subreddit ( removing spam , racism , editorlisation , organising amas , etc ) . 
  he 's on the shortlist . 
  we 've still not made the final decision . 
  that 's the purpose of this thread . 
  yeah , a few of our ideas revolve around stickied discussion threads . 
  one idea i 've had is also for a / r/changemyview style discussion thread on a topical issue each week , where we introduce deltas ( which you can learn more about at / r/changemyview ) , which would incentivise users actually * engaging * with other people 's points of view in order to genuinely change other people 's opinions ( rather than simply shout their own opinion loudly , to the applause of everybody who agrees with them in the first place ) . 
  this would be a quality raising initiative , rather than a diversifying initiative . 
  in the same vein of raising quality , one of the candidates in the short list was talking to me about adding a serious tag , a bit like in / r/askreddit , which sounds potentially useful . 
  in terms of diversification , we 're also going to be experimenting with filtering . 
  these are just some of the ideas we 're working on , but as you can see in my post on / r/europemeta , we have to address the mod team 's fundamental problems first . 
  we 're increasingly trying to drill it into our standard practice to give out warnings * before * going to more harsh punishments , such as temp bans . 
  it 's a shame we have n't been doing that in the past , really . 
  it 's certainly something we 'll be making more use of now that we 're so close to increasing our man power . 
  -- i do think that it bears mentioning that most mods are good people and are good at what they do . 
  99 % of the actions a mod does on any subreddit go unnoticed . 
  it 's only the 1 % of actions which are on the controversial boundary which gain public attention , and its those decisions which will often define whether a moderator is good or not in the eyes of the reddit-public , regardless of the fact they 're ding 99 % the same thing as any other moderator . 
  it 's mostly about pr and communicating the reasons behind making controversial decisions . 
  although some mods are just bad , and moderate off the cuff in a bad manner . 
  it 's important to try and notice the differences between one mod who made one bad judgement , or even a good judgement but is unable to explain it on the one hand , and between a moderator who makes systemically bad decisions on a regular basis . 
  as i 've said in / r/europemeta , we have no plan to bring it back . 
  we 're exploring several other proposals to diversify our content and increase our quality . 
  i think it 's accurate , yes , but over simplified .
