  well once you get over the humours side of there being a medieval catapult in the middle of kiev , it 's actually a little scary . 
  ok that thing is n't very effective , but it 's the precedent it sets . 
  once you start using catapults with baby rocks , what will that lead to ? 
  i support the protestors and everything , but i 'm questioning whether i think a civil war would be an appropriate way to do that . 
  i do n't think we 're quite at a civil war yet , but if those protestors get guns at this point , some of them might be tempted to use them , and that 's a scary thought . 
  if the parliament was angry enough to impeach a commission for not initiating a specific piece of legislation , then it pretty much guarantees that they 'd get a new commission which would do that . 
  actually it does mean that . 
  since the lisbon treaty the ep has to consent to the accession of a new commission and they could just refuse to accept any commission which does not promise to initiative their legislation . 
  it 's in no way impossible . 
  it 's happened before in 1999 . 
  yes that commission was very bad and a commission is unlikely to be forced to resign based only on refusing to initiate legislation the parliament requested , but the european commission is going to be in a situation where it tries very hard to appease the european parliament in order to protect its jobs , and that will include initiating most legislation that the ep requests . 
  i think if we had surveys more often , we 'd stop getting people to actually film them out . 
  quality over quantity and all that jazz, 
  the mods do all have lives and stuff to be getting on with . 
  if you get a professional to do it , i could n't see it taking longer than a day or two . 
  if it 's someone who is n't a professional they 'll have to find a few free hours within their already somewhat busy schedule and it will take longer to do than if they were a professional because they do not have the experience . 
  then there 's quality control issues whereby if you display the information in a bad way the entire subreddit will jump on you for being a biased prick because this is reddit and we do that to everyone who makes even slightly misleading data . 
  and the military was n't influenced by the protests ? 
  the turkey situation is more complicated . 
  cyprus is actually an eu memberstate which makes things a whole lot more serious . 
  kosovo is not and so can be treated as an external country and its sovereign rights do n't need to be respected in quite the same way . 
  if you 're in a really shit situation , and you take huge strides from where you were , you 're still in a shit situation . 
  but i 'd rather be several strides further from where i was than even further back . 
  i 'd like even more to be a few strides a head and still improving . 
  yeah , things are shit . 
  but at least from an outside point of view they 're getting better . 
  hopefully you 'll feel the improvements in the street , even life in serbia wont be so \u00fcber fantastic anytime soon . 
  you 're still doing it . 
  you 're making broad generalisations about a group people . 
  maybe europeans have given guy no reason to love them , why should you have any ill feelings towards me for things i 've not done ? 
  if you 're going to criticise me then criticise me fir stuff i 've done and said , not someone you think is vaguely like me . 
  why should i have to stand up and be an ambassador for all other europeans and britons and yorkshire folk . 
  and where is this claim that a majority of people hate americans come from ? 
  show me some meaningful data and maybe ill budge a little , but that figure sounds completely unfounded . 
  what the heck are you giving up on ? 
  you ca n't give up in an idea because some people are annoying for you . 
  i 'm calling you a racist not because i know you 're american . 
  i 'm calling you a racist because that 's what you are . 
  you 're even pretending to have some kind principle to it . 
  you 're literally saying `` i know it 's wrong but ill be racist anyway because it 's easy '' what kind of fucked up logic is that ? 
  no , because just because you 've been subjected to prejudice and racism is an awful reason to perpetuate that racism yourself . 
  some people put you in with a group people you 're not a part of , which is something you hate , so you 're no going to lump me in with all of those people by virtue of me being european ? 
  that 's just as bad as the racism you 're being exposed to . 
  why would you perpetuate this racism ? 
  why ? 
  so you 're going to chastise everyone else on reddit for something a minority of redditors do ? 
  you do realise this is a consistent theme in just about every single thread on this subject ? 
  most people agree with you . 
  i agree with you . 
  but i still think you 're a prick and an idiot for assuming that you 're somehow the only one who sees sense because you ` know ' something that nobody else does , despite your exact point of view being reiterated in every thread on this subject , usually quite highly voted and usually just as patronising . 
  if you could drop this pretence of being somehow special and above the rest of us plebs and commoners than i might not find you quite so aggravating . 
  this might shock you , but not everyone you see on reddit is the same person . 
  in fact , most of them are probably , actually , different people . 
  i know this is shocking , but please sit with it a while . 
  i was skeptical at first . 
  i know they all look and sound the same , but think about it . 
  part of the problem is that nato countries might well hand the weapons on further down the line . 
  for instance during the soviet invasion of afghanistan nato forced armed and trained the taliban and other militant groups in the hopes they 'd make life difficult for the soviets , which they did . 
  the usa also supported the viet cong in vietnam during the second world war because vietnam or indochina was occupied by the japanese and western powers wanted to make life difficult for them , but that did n't work out for us too well in the long run . 
  additionally a country might acquire a lot of military equipment during or running up to a war and then after the threat has gone the surpluss equipment needs to be moved on , which is why a lot of militant middle east forces are or were fighting with world war ii weapons . 
  this is assuming that you give it to a third country who then gives it to a country/organisation that then causes problems , but that very country could also change its stance and then use the weapons directly in a way you do n't like , for instance greece using tire gas it bought on protestors in a way those who sold it to them disapproved of . 
  once you start selling weapons , let 's face it , you have no control who gets hold of them or how they 're used . 
  the only real solution i can think of is to ` lease ' other organisations/countries the weapons , but then i do n't think they 'd really appreciate that . 
  product sounds less emotive and therefor more german and walter white-esc . 
  ( but i do dig that alliteration ), 
  tbf , it 's one of those situations where it 's hard to stand in the middle ground . 
  usually people either want to take the moral high ground or justify selling arms abroad completely . 
  there 's no real moral ` somewhat ' high ground . 
  you either do things for economic reasons or moral reasons . 
  to accept that it 's both immoral to sell weapons and therefor only sell weapons a little bit would be odd . 
  it 'd be like saying `` i need to beat my wife . 
  but i know it 's wrong , so i only beat her a little bit , and with planks of wood instead of bricks and crow-bars , because that 's just too far '' . 
  it 's more likely that you 'd just stop beating your wife altogether if you thought it was wrong , or you 'd justify it ( lie to yourself ) and beat her as intensely as you felt was necessary . 
  no half measures and all that . 
  ha , hey , hey guys , get this guy . 
  he thinks he should earn even 1/6th what western europeans do . 
  hilarious i know !, 
  tell renault to start moving their factories to morocco . 
  just so long as you 're not one of those black immigrants who 'll then be judged by the half of the white-anglo-saxon population and discriminated against where possible . 
  however churchill presided over a much bigger empire than the spanish that columbus was working for would . 
  you can argue that columbus is worse because he * started * it , but i think it 's just as bad to continue the status quo when you have the means to change it for the better , than it is to change the status quo in order to change it for the worse . 
  the british empire was probably the the empire you 'd want to be a part if , if you had to pick one empire to be subjugated by , but it was still awful . 
  additionally today we tend to think that churchill was justified in his fight against the nazis , but columbus also thought he was right by pursuing new lands which would support the religion he believed to be true and help the salvation of the human race . 
  from columbus 's point of view he was incredibly justified in doing what he did , just like we think what churchill did was justified or that nazis believed what they were doing was justified ( and yes , if you follow my argument through to its logical conclusion , you could put hitler on the euro ) additionally i 'd like to pick up on this point `` they [ nietzsche and aristotle ] are also much more widely known for their other work . '', 
  the thing is , you 're kind of agreeing with me here in that it 's certain aspects of what they did which was important , and not the entire picture . 
  but i think you have to either agree with me completely and deliberately say that you are only valuing this particular piece of work that they achieved or evaluate them as whole people . 
  you ca n't just select the stuff which is in public knowledge . 
  public knowledge will change with the times so you should account for that by only accepting the very specific elements of these great individuals . 
  i ca n't not hear the name `` garibaldi '' without thinking of those biscuits . 
  i also ca n't hear that name without pronouncing it in my head `` gary-baldy ', 
  beethoven and aristotle did n't commit the same kind of atrocities as columbus and napoleon simply because they were in the wrong line of work . 
  in fact , a lot of the work done by people we consider to be quite disconnected from violence actually were complicit in it . 
  aristotle tutored alexander the great and therefor , is n't aristotle also somewhat responsible for the atrocities committed by alexander the great , at least to a significant extent ? 
  likewise nietzsche 's philosophy became a justification for nazism and wider varieties of fascism . 
  we should n't only celebrate our pacifist role models . 
  pacifism 's got a lot of positive qualities , but i do n't think we should ignore the qualities which are present in nation builders , imperialists and great wartime leaders . 
  churchill was a misogynist , he starved india where it was not necessary and he invaded a neutral country ( iceland ) to benefit his own nation . 
  but i 'd put him on the # 5 note in a heartbeat because he was a great leader and i think we should encourage people to be great leaders . 
  i think napoleon was a great french leader and is thus worthy of being a symbol of leadership worth following . 
  of course , we should also put great thinkers on our notes as well , to demonstrate our commitment to to creating great thinkers .
