  we have a directly elected parliament , and there are problems with that parliament such as lack of exposure , but lack of exposure is a microscopic problem in comparison to the problem of not having a directly elected parliament . 
  they 're completely different issues and should not be talked about as if they are the same , * ever * . 
   make the council of ministers an elected body i was under the impression the council of ministers was directly elected , in that the heads of government of the all 27/28 nations go to them and the heads of all those national governments have been directly elected by the people to run their own countries * and * represent them on the council of ministers . 
  sort of like a mixture between state governors and members of the senate in the usa . 
  that 's my impression of what the council of the european union does anyway . 
  i 'm no expert , but if that explanation is true ( i 'm expecting some one more knowledgable than myself to comment ) then the council is directly elected ( well , depending on how elections work in that country ) . 
  this might make quite a good thread to be posted onto / r/europe in fact doing it about most of the high profile european state leaders would be interesting . 
  the average user here probably knows who the leaders of france and germany and russia are , but know very little about how they 're perceived in their countries . 
  additionally , i know little or nothing about the state leaders of most eu countries . 
  i think ireland has a female prime minister/president ? 
  italy has no government atm but used to have monti , umm , really clutching at straws here ... 
  london 's the biggest city on there !, 
  from my understanding of this , it 's not so much about protectionism as about allowing the economies in these countries to grow . 
  at the moment most african countries ca n't even really get a basic economy down for all sorts of reasons . 
  the argument sort of goes along the lines of protectionism for a short time , only so long as the economy can really get going . 
  anyway , it 's not even full blown protectionism . 
  the reasons for the protectionism are to stop overwhelming price volatility . 
  if oil one week is going to be 10 pence and the next it 's going to be # 100 , it 's going to make investing very difficult . 
  in a lot of instances countries do still put up these protectionism tarrifs to avoid such effects of the free market . 
  anyway , i 'm not really advocating this policy . 
  i try and avoid getting strong opinions on economics as i think i and most people really do n't understand it at all . 
  i just wanted to make clear that it is uncertain what is the right way forward and that african countries are at the helm of even more problems than we realise . 
  i know i 've made this argument poorly , please , forgive me . 
  it 's late , a weekend and i 'm not an economist . 
  and who can guess who i 'm not voting for at the next election ? 
  additionally the aid we send them may be severely adding to this problem in that we flood their markets with wheat at the first hint of a hunger scare for free . 
  no kenyan farmers could possibly compete with this and thus , they go out of business . 
  this is a more controversial view and i 'm not fully sure i believe in it as i 'm not an economist and this seems to be an issue for them . 
  but still , you can definitely see there 's a lot of * possible * ways that we 're not allowing the third world to develop . 
  i 'm not incredibly literate on the cap but i heard some where that the british royal family are beneficiaries of it . 
  these are some possibilities . 
  * directly elected president ( european council ) * directly elected president ( european commission ) * european parliament ( ep ) to have the ability to directly propose legislation * generally more powers for the ep which may or may not stem from ability to introduce legislation * reform of the treaty change system which requires consensus as opposed to a simple majority or ` super majority ' to amend * more transparency * getting a better ethic of democracy . 
  the thing about the constituents emails being delete comes to mind here . 
  enough of that sort of stuff happens for the eu 's reputation to be seriously undermined . 
  * improve referendum and/or petitioning systems . 
  this is just what i could come up with in 10 minutes . 
  i 'm not an expert on the eu , but i am reasonably knowledge for a lay person . 
  if i knew more i could probably double or triple this list . 
  edit : i 'd like to add that as european citizens and/or europhiles , it 's very good that we come to terms with the problems of the eu rather than mindlessly hating it or mindlessly supporting it ( an awful lot of people do both of those ) . 
  to take words from nick clegg . 
  there are clearly issues with the eu and any one who claims there are no problems what so ever is extremely blind in more than just sight . 
  things can always be improved and as members of the electorate its our jobs to support such improvements and let it hold however small a level of sway in the way we vote . 
  oh and one more point * clearer devision of powers between the different pillars of the eu, 
   directly elected parliament thought we already had that ? 
  calm down . 
  you do n't need to compensate for your small penis , at least not this much . 
  ca n't talk about some thing if it does n't exist :p ^ ( jokes , love you really , belgium ) edit , added the word `` belgium '' in there to show i support the cause !, 
  well if those words were in there i 'd go right the other way and start feeling that we were * too * fuzzy . 
  the people thing looks nice because when we talk , we 're talking about the people . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  laughed when i saw `` horse '' in the bottom mid right , but apart from that every thing is about where i expected it to be . 
  still , makes me feel good about the quality of discourse here , 
  the majority religion is easily islam , however this does not make turkey `` full of religious nuts '' . 
  the state itself is secular and turkey , especially the western areas get a lot from tourism so they act pretty nice around people . 
  they would n't have such a huge tourism sector if they were crazy . 
  that , or vote for them at the eurovision song contest so they have to host it . 
  you have been made moderator of / r/europe, 
  it 's missing the white field of the saint george 's flag is n't it ? 
  quick !, 
  let 's all email it to him !, 
  sorry , perhaps i explained the wrong thing . 
  what i meant was that the uk should be expanded to a normal 2x3 ( i think that 's the normal dimensions anyway . 
  maybe it 's 3x5 ) format , similar to how the european flag is here . 
  at the moment it looks something like 1x7 . 
  the uk flag * seriously * looks messed up when you squash it down so much , especially at either end . 
  it would also be extremely hard to discern at a distance . 
  european colonisation of space . 
  it 's coming , i tell ya . 
  the third wave of european imperialism !, 
   the mods can do what they want with the sub . 
  i disagree with that sentiment strongly . 
  there 's this sentiment going around that moderators own the sub which i find to be untrue . 
  the people who use this sub own this sub , or at least that 's how it should be . 
  if we can get a consensus on some thing in this community it should be respected and abided by . 
  anything less is tyrannical . 
  the mods know this , but already a lot of us disagree with the decisions made and many others with the policy of censorship being taken . 
  it just seems that letting the moderators do what they want falls into an inherent problem with them doing what they think is right and not what we think is right . 
  i 'm worried about that and hope it does n't continue . 
  this comment has been deleted by the mod team for promoting racism :p, 
  i 've had this problem with every part of the moderator adding process :( i was asleep for most of the nomination process and only commented after it 'd been up for ten hours ( or so ) and i was asleep/absent for the announcement and only saw it , i forget how many hours later . 
  now this , got here and polling has closed hours ago . 
  interesting and everything , but seems quite lazy . 
  if some of the flags were actually to be combined , the shades would probably be altered slightly . 
  for instance , the finish flag on the european flag would look considerably better if they just changed the shades of blue ever so slightly so they matched . 
  and , it 'd be nice if the uk/greek flag were altered so the middle was in the middle as opposed to some tiny thing at the side making it look like an after thought . 
  this is a good example why i do n't believe the eu is quite ready to fulfil a sovereign state like role . 
  filtering constituents emails out is not something a government should do . 
  however , it does look like a problem which will be fixed . 
  there are plenty of problems with the eu which need reform and this is a prime example . 
  when the majority of this stuff is reformed i 'll be happy to hand over more sovereignty to the eu , just not yet . 
  homophobia gets misused all the time as most people who have it are n't afraid of homosexuals . 
  they just hate them , they do n't * fear * them . 
  same thing with `` racism '' however there 's no ideal alternative which is more fitting as xenophobia has the same problems as homophobia . 
  basically , op was lazy and did n't feel like writing down  `` racism/xenophobia/anti semitic , ect . '', 
  to me it just looks like all the romanians really get along , you know ? 
  like how when you meet some one abroad who happens to live in the same city as you . 
  so when a romanian posts or what have you , they 're all like `` hey !, 
  a fellow romanian !, 
  if this was a german speaking subreddit where only a tiny fraction of the users were british/english , i 'd probably be inclined to comment on my fellow countryman 's post . 
  least that 's what it looks like to me .
