  or the irish , depending on the kind of joke, 
  and we can talk about them when they come around , but sadly those are only once a year each where as politics is 24/7 . 
  as a europhile , i totally agree with you . 
  i 'm of the same opinion as the `` good job lithuania '' posts , but i did n't up vote them because they added nothing . 
  i still think this is a discussion subreddit , and we shod try and allow people with pro or anti integration views be upvoted . 
  i do n't keep here to be told what i already believe . 
  i come here for news and lively discussion of that news . 
  i also like the cultural content , but that should also include a diverse selection of opinion . 
  i hope other europhiles around here agree with this . 
  that 's usually why eurosceptics get down voted here . 
  they 'll just spew some random crap about how `` i do n't like the european union and do n't downvote me because i feel oppressed and you 're all eurofascists # / 4/europe '' . 
  there 's a lot of eurosceptics who get downvoted after articulating themselves well and that 's a real shame , but i do n't feel bad at all for people who just say an opinion , dont back it up , and then complain that they 're post gets downvoted for `` being against the hive mind '' when in fact it was just a shit comment . 
  yeah , there 's one above costa . 
  eurostat < 3, 
  really ? 
  that 's not the way it has been reported here . 
  financial times is probably my favourite . 
  it 's focus on financial matters gives it somewhat of a level of impartiality . 
  obviously you 've got to read it critically , but usually it focuses on the various probability of different outcomes rather than creating some sort of ideological narrative to make you interested in the story . 
  the journalism is also exceptionally good . 
  well written , and it 's financial/economic orientation gives it a strict focus on the facts . 
  also nb about the daily mail . 
  it 's the most read online newspaper in the world !, 
  beat the nyt a couple of years ago !, 
  fortunately it 's mostly non-uk residents who bumped it up to that position , which restores my faith in this country a little bit . 
  does it matter ? 
  hey , we 're not asking for it . 
  america literally keeps giving europe free money and protection in order to prop up american import and export markets . 
  nobody asks us , yet american troops are still here , protecting us from something ; i do n't know quite what . 
  i thought the republicans controlled the senate since obama was reelected in 20012 ? 
  no , it 's a way of subsidising american manufacturers and making europe feel vaguely as though obama is n't pivoting towards asia too much . 
  welcome to europe c. 1947 . 
  is n't marshall aid great !, 
  taste that freedom !, 
  shoot that communist !, 
  it also goes hand in hand with realising that we have an overly prepared armed forces . 
  the uk used to have about 200,000 troops c. 2000 . 
  what for ? 
  less than 100,000 were used in either the iraq or afghanistan wars , and taht 's counting * all * western troops , not just the british . 
  what the fuck are we going to spend 200,000 troops on ? 
  we 'd have to be fighting three different wars , on three different fronts , single handedly . 
  we have nuclear weapons . 
  it 's not like any nation is going to attack us , for fear of a retaliatory nuclear strike . 
  the days where spending 2 % of your * entire gdp * on defence are over . 
  we have nuclear weapons and a small , but very well equipped army ( and army which should be even smaller ) . 
  we have enough troops to make the difference or even win a war in the third-world alone . 
  if our national security is actually threatened , we 'll likely be able to team up with our allies in nato to solve the problem . 
  i think having small and well equipped armies combined with a nuclear deterrent is completely fine . 
  it costs less than 1 % of gdp and ensured our security more than enough . 
  not bloody clicking that link . 
  you 're right . 
  the united kingdom of england and wales . 
  hmm ... maybe a master 's degree , but do a transfer into a different subject ? 
  and people kept telling me history was a respectable degree which leads to respectable jobs :p, 
  one of my friends , who does humanities but not languages , recommended that i look into the civil service ( both eu and uk ) because humanities + languages is basically the ideal set of subjects for those jobs . 
  but i highly suspect he 's projecting his own expectations onto me , in that he 's an a / * a grade student and i 'm probably b grade . 
  i will have to check if there is a vague hope i can make the cut . 
  one never knows ... 
  history with german at bachelor level , but master 's would be interesting as well ( might factor in to future life plans ) . 
  yeah , the rest of the world gets a holiday and then goes to places like greece which increases demand for jobs and people find temporary employment . 
  they 're still underemployed , but it makes the figures look good . 
  any chance of someone with social science degrees and a somewhat good understanding of french and german ? 
  please ? 
  social sciences are still sciences !, 
  ^ ^ kind ^ ^ of, 
  i 'm not being positive or negative . 
  i am pointing out that a 0.1 % change in unemployment across a huge market is so insignificant that is is meaningless . 
  it is easily attributable to white noise and is not a sign of recovery . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't a recovery , just that this is not a sign of it . 
  let 's not get excited over a useless statistic . 
  if someone presents something more meaningful , i will examine that for what it is worth as well . 
  in other news , the eurozone unemployment rate remained exactly the same . 
  perhaps we should err on the side of caution with saying this is in ukraine . 
  it 's certainly horrible , but does anything happen in the video which makes it distinctly ukrainian ? 
  videos have been posted in the past of the situation in turkey or iraq but were actually from syria edit : what are the downvotes for ? 
  saying that we should not jump to conclusions ? 
  yes it 's graphic , but let 's not get away from ourselves . 
  is the thing linked in the op the same as this?http : / / www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-27661848, 
  what happens ? 
  yeah i was coming here to say the exact same thing . 
  elections do n't show ` wide spread awareness ' of anything if they have half the turnout of normal elections or less . 
  yeah , but i really do n't think people will mind . 
  it 's in the spirit of the sub rather than the word, 
  also , if you do n't mind others seeing , you can post your letters to / r/writetoyourmp, 
  it 's a hold over from when cuba was a protectorate of the usa ( c1900 onwards ) . 
  i think cuba was basically controlled by the usa through the platt amendment in their constitution , until castro over threw the local dictator batista and changed everything . 
  somehow the usa kept guantanamo throughout all of this . 
  i think there 's actually four regions . 
  flanders , wallonia , that german bit and brussels region . 
  brussels gets to be its own region because it 's a french speaking area but within quite judge speaking area , and also it 's the capital, 
  it 's alright when you do n't need to use it , but when you need to use it , god you will be happy it 's there . 
  a group of states/regions that have quite conservative values and are situated inside a bigger country that has started pursuing liberal ( ish ) policies rise up to fight for stuff , while receiving aid from a european that used to own the entirety of the country . 
  am i describing donetesk and luhansk or the confederacy of the usa ? 
  `` catholic or protestant ? '', 
  `` i 'm jewish '' `` yeah , but are you a catholic jew or a protestant jew ? '', 
  you 're forgiven . 
  ill go to bed if you do , 
  are they all putin ? 
  took me far too long to realise, 
  i think that 's the joke,
