  yeah they 're both awful . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the european commission is a good thing or britain . 
  it 's a check and balance on whichever political party is in power in the uk . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  absolute numbers would be interesting to read . 
  a lot of additional information would be interesting so as to help figure out where poland 's successes lay . 
  i like it !, 
  i do n't like being lorded over , but the eu 's not really got anything to do with that :p also many of my peers here in sheffield are vaguely pro european union . 
  they wont go waving a european flag , but i 'd bet money that they 'd vote to stay in . 
  support is n't that uncommon . 
  really ? 
  i find it quite hard to believe that * all * areas of decision making are going to change to qualified majority voting instead of consensus voting where people have vetos . 
  what about treaty change ? 
  i 'm going to need a source for this . 
  i see what you 're saying about how the negotiations could further vilify brussels in the eyes of british folk , however i do n't think it will play out like this . 
  what is likely to happen is that the conservatives or whomever will negotiate with the ec and agree terms and then the uk will vote . 
  because everyone then knows the terms they 'll see that it 's either stay in the european union proper and the common market or leave the eu proper * and * leave the common market ergo cutting off an amount of income equal the output of the north east . 
  because of this it means that people will vote to remain in the union and then that will be seen as the end of that . 
  once there 's been a referendum on the subject it 's unlikely that there 'll be another one for decades because it will be seen to have definitively solves the matter just like has happened with the alternative vote referendum the uk had n 2010 . 
  as for the eu losing the uk market , well that 's such a small amount to them it 's hardly worth considering . 
  if you do want to consider it then you need only see that about half of british trade is with the eu and about half of most other european countries ' trade is with the eu , however if the uk left it would make up a very small amount of the trade with its european neighbours so it 's no huge loss to europe , but it is still a loss , however it is an enormous loss to the uk . 
  europe could easily shoulder losing the british market , but if britain lost the european market it would spell disaster . 
  i think a lot of this hinges on whether or not ukip or the conservatives would be able to get the eu to agree to letting them leave the eu proper but still allow them in the common market like norway , switzerland et al. 
  however i put this possibility as unlikely because the two main eu institutions ( parliament and commission ) are heavily pro united europe and know that if they refuse to let the uk stay in the common market and so on that the uk wont leave because it would be ludicrous to leave if it meant losing # 3,000 per household . 
  the european union 's institutions are the ones with the real power if a negotiation on eu membership were to ever take place and as such they would get their way . 
  every country is on an island . 
  some of them are just very big . 
  i call your island eurasia . 
  it includes most of europe and most of asia . 
  americans live on an island too . 
  it 's called north america . 
  courtesy of the poster on / r/europeans  in a 180-page report , the cbi estimates -- based on past academic studies -- that eu membership adds # 62bn - # 78bn a year to uk gross domestic product , equal to the combined economies of northeast england and northern ireland . 
  that works out at # 3,000 per household and # 1,225 per individual . 
   its calculation is likely to be challenged . 
  economists say it is hard to put a single number on such a complex relationship . 
   the cbi calls for reforms including building a single market for services and a digital single market to reduce barriers to e-commerce . 
   it also seeks a moratorium on eu legislation in areas such as employment and social regulation . 
  it calls for britain 's opt-out from the 48-hour-a-week limit under the working time directive -- which 18 other countries share -- to be made permanent . 
  whether or not it * was * does n't change it * is * . 
  it was european but now it feels very american . 
  only among left wingers , surely ? 
  i thought it was turks they really did n't like , and their dislike of turks eclipses their dislike of anyone else . 
  like how the daily mail in england does n't care about poles or indians anymore because they hate muslims so much . 
  and they often find deadly insects in their bathrooms . 
  additionally , the first poisonous crab was just found in , you guessed it , australia . 
  this is the primary reason i would not live in australia . 
  it 's simple . 
  * speak swedish * insert potato into mouth done . 
  pitch perfect pronunciation . 
  *** nobody joke about scotland from henceforth !!!, 
  it might influence the outcome of the referendum !!!, 
  jokes are henceforth forbidden !!!, 
  *** *** important announcement : jokes about the european union , british government , german government and french government and all political parties are all also banned in case it influences the outcome of elections causing harm to incalculable ^ ( 1 ) numbers of individuals !, 
  *** i do understand your displeasure that i made a joke about your country which was facetious , as most jokes are , however taking a stance that joking is dangerous or causes harm is even more facetious than any joke could be . 
  it 's just humour . 
  i 'd rather live in the wilderness than a humourless society . 
  yeah it was just one of those harmless jokes about countries which people have been making for centuries . 
  takes these well known ones for example . 
  `` americans are fat '' , `` the irish love potatoes '' , `` latvians love potatoes even more '' , `` germany wants to invade poland '' * aaaannndd * `` england subsidises scotland '' non of them are really true , but * occasionally * they exhibit a laugh , 
   i hope this will lead to a no-spy deal between the us and eu , but i 'm sceptical . 
  just fyi , if you 're referring to the no spy deal that the german and french government is currently pushing for , then do n't get too hopeful for what it will achieve . 
  it basically makes top level diplomats and politicians off limits , but not civilians . 
  the only way you 're going to get the us to stop spying on europeans is if european leaders actually start putting real threats on the table such as refusing to trade or heavily raising trade tariffs which they 're reluctant to do . 
   sweden is being sold out to private companies and soon we will be the next uk . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  sweden , norway and denmark 's welfare system are usually all regarded as top class and content with it . 
  that 's a pretty good reason . 
  if i was trimming it down , i 'd just pick out what i think are the 5 or ten most important/interesting items and make a the europe post by copy/pasting those five/ten and that being your completed comment . 
  and do n't get me wrong . 
  it is fantastic that we have access to such in depth stuff . 
  it 's just that there 's a trade off between something being indepth and something being short enough for people to read casually . 
  also , we love you really < 3 do n't leave :(, 
  ( stage whisper ) * oh nooo . 
  we 're so sorrrry . 
  do n't leaave * ^ ( are they gone ? ), 
  ^ ( good . 
  now we can stop subsidising scotland ), 
  yeah . 
  i 'd live in most northern european countries if the opportunity arose for several reasons * standard of living is pretty similar * they 're mostly close enough to where i live now that i can easily go back to my family for special occasions * the languages are * fairly * similar so would n't be hard to learn * culture is fairly accepting and prioritises things i like such as hard work , quality of life and equality of life . 
  from my point of view , a move to the netherlands , germany or sweden is no huge change . 
  as someone born and raised in the north of england i have this analogy about ireland . 
  they 're the same people in a different country . 
  i feel similarly about a lot of other parts of the world . 
  to me , germans feel like the same people but speaking a different language . 
  22 years in scotland is longer than anyone should be forced to endure . 
  ^ ( could n't resist . 
  greetings from south of hadrian 's wall ), 
  [ meta ] just gon na say my personal opinion about people making * really * long news roundup posts in this thread . 
  whilst i , personally , am very grateful that people are putting in so much effort to create really long and very informative selections of the news in their countries every week ; i think i should also say that because they are so long and detailed it might become very difficult to find the time to read . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that there 's a real benefit in making shorter and more concise posts in this thread . 
  i have absolutely no problem with there being longer posts because they are just so well researched and so in depth , however i , personally , i would really like there to also be some posts or comments which condense the larger posts into something more manageable , and easily prioritise the more relevant ones . 
  i 'm sure it would be beneficial to know what other people 's views on longer verses shorter posts are . 
  thanks, 
  coalesce does n't apply specifically to coalitions . 
  i have loads of words which could be used for coalitions , but not which are * specific * to them . 
  coalesce simply means to form something bigger from a collection of smaller parts . 
  28 countries coalesced into the european union . 
  the raindrops coalesced into a puddle . 
  yes , i could so that `` merkel 's christian democrats and the steinbr\u00fcck 's social democrats might coalesce ( to form a coalition ) '' however it 's not as specific as just saying `` merkel 's cdu and steinbr\u00fcck 's sdp might coalition together '' . 
  this has a similar problem as coalesce in that it 's a bit too general .
