  not forget diplomatic representation abroad and with neighbours . 
  axel sch\u00e4fer , deputy leader of the spd ( which is germany 's second largest political party ) came to my sixth to be asked questions last thursday . 
  we got to ask him questions on the european union . 
  that 's the only news i 'm really aware of at the moment . 
  it 's exam season . 
  actually , it 's a lot more to do with culture than meets the eye . 
  if you look at these figures pre 2008 or really at any point in history , you 'll find they look very similar to this . 
  that 's a bit harsh . 
  i 'm sure your parents would prefer almost anything than for their son to be living on the streets . 
  i mean , maybe you find it a bit embarrassing to live with your parents or you find them irritating , but still . 
  that 's quite harsh . 
  source ? 
  i believe that 's the mexican flag . 
  if that 's what you 're referring to . 
  wealth tax is almost as easily avoidable through off shoring , setting up of trust funds and payment through financial services instead of currency . 
  there 's a reason we do n't tax wealth and one of those reasons is because it 's damn difficult to tax wealth . 
  even with inheritance tax , people very often get around it using trust funds or by passing on the possessions before they do . 
  on top of that it still seems slightly immoral to be taxing people for dying . 
  or we could just crack down on tax evasion and tax avoidance whilst raising * income * taxes on the very wealthy ( back to and beyond 50 % ) . 
  furthermore , we should tax financial gains on things like stocks and shares and property . 
  at the moment people like alan sugar pay less tax ( as a percentage ) than their secretaries because they get paid in stocks and other financial devices . 
  so there 's where all the tax revenue you need is . 
  just tax people ethically and cut down on tax avoidance . 
  you do n't need to tax people for what they own . 
  tax them for what they earn and tax that properly without the loopholes which allow them to have headquarters in the virgin islands and which allow them to be paid in stocks and bonds whilst not paying their proper rate of tax . 
  there are ethical ways of doing things . 
  do n't just look for the easy way out . 
  one final note : i 'm heavily pro taxes and as i said before pro a progressive tax policy . 
  i believe people at the top should pay more , but i believe they should pay only what is needed and what they do with their time is their own issue . 
  we should not under any circumstances tax them with the intent of changing their way of life . 
  would you like it if we did that to the class of people you belong to ? 
  or what if you moved to pakistan and they decided that you were the 1 % and thus taxed you for merely having a nice house or a nice car . 
  please look at this map . 
  things in europe are coloured in white . 
  [ map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg ) . 
  so in other words fuck the rich ? 
  whilst i support the idea of a progressive tax policy ( people who earn more should pay more tax as a percentage of income than those who 're poorer ) i do n't think we should tax them for owning things . 
  if they have a huge income and pay a huge amount of tax , then decide to spend that huge income on some very nice thing ( which they 'll pay vat on ) , why would we continue to charge them for such things ? 
  they bought it and that 's that . 
  end of story . 
  i think that when we start to think `` oh look at that guy with his lavish lifestyle . 
  there should be a law against it or something '' , i think that we 've crossed a line . 
  it 's not our place to judge how others live . 
  if they want to have a big family , that 's nice . 
  if they want to move abroad then that 's nice . 
  if they want to be very clever and become very rich , then that is also very nice . 
  we should n't be putting in laws and taxes to spite people and their way of life . 
  oh and one final point  ** there is a line somewhere between ** saving for retirements and having a personal estate in every nation , a fleet of personal jets on hot standby , and enough sports cars to start your own racing league . 
  no there bloody is n't . 
  the only difference is volume and if you try and draw a line between them , your drawing a line in the sand . 
  not only is it immoral to be trying and telling others how they should live , but there 's also no distinction . 
  i defy you to try and put a line . 
  please , show me where that line is . 
  even if you were to agree with you , i still think we should get this news in / r/europe because where this happened is so close to europe * and * because there is actually potential for repercussions in , at the very least , south east europe . 
  this news is relevant to europe , so it goes in / r/europe, 
  with casualty reports you notice that as the minutes roll in , the toll of wounded people goes higher and higher . 
  however , if you check in a day later or two days later , you notice the casualty figures have usually dropped by about 20 percent . 
  however , the death toll is usually fairly accurate . 
  which , especially in this case , is very sad . . 
  [ s = on ] i 'm european and i 've never committed a crime . 
  i guess you must be right . 
  [ s = off ], 
  yes i know that , however it still bugs me that people use a type of language and a way of phrasing things which implies that entities like britain , america and the netherlands are homogenous which they are n't . 
  but there are definitely people out there who believe that they are homogenous so using such language perpetuates this unfounded belief . 
  additionally i also wanted to make the point that the phrase `` the us ... '' is even more unfounded here than usual because it was n't even that much of a wide spread phenomenon . 
  it was a relatively short lived piece of stupidity which did n't even involve that many americans as so few news sources made the mistake of saying that `` czechs are chechnya '' and even the news outlets that did make that mistake rectified it relatively quickly . 
  usually with these sorts of things we can expect it to at least be wide spread which this was n't relative to other such events . 
  yes , i would say that at least a majority of people recognise that when some one says `` america ... '' `` britain ... '' ect that they 're not talking about every single person , but even so they are perpetuating something stupid . 
  finally : if people just made the simple adjustment from saying `` the us though this '' to `` some people in the usa thought this '' it would save a lot of irritation and perpetuation of an untruth . 
  on a thread asking people to define where east , west and central europe were on a map , a german posted [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rcfrl.png ) . 
  thought it was interesting . 
  the us media mistook the czech republic for chechnya and even then it was only specific media outlets . 
  let 's not generalise too hard . 
  i have friends in america who have to live with those news outlets and i hate to think others would assume they were that stupid . 
  fortunately , most of the uk and ireland 's respectable news sources make it to america ( like the bbc ) and most other european news outlets are in non english languages . 
  i 'm sure if the germans were judged by das bild and the british by the sun we 'd all think every one else was stupid . 
  i can dream ... 
  right ? 
  i have to kind of agree with you here . 
  i 'm not a wealthy person but have ambitions to learn german and keep up ties with friends in nearby countries . 
  without cheap flight companies air travel would be something only the rich could do and i 'm very glad that it 's something available to us all . 
  it 's benefited my and my friends ' quality of life greatly . 
  if you do n't want to pay for a crappy flight and would rather do something more luxurious , be my guest , but i ca n't afford that . 
  though , i 'm not specifically pro ryanair , i just do n't think they deserve quite as much criticism as they get . 
  they do a job . 
  they should n't really be praised for doing their job and maybe they do n't always do a good job . 
  but they usually do a decent job and that 's what i expect . 
  you get what you pay for and what you pay for is a cheap , short and uncomfortable flight . 
  but holland is ? 
  :p i think teddy roosevelt wanted to build the canal to impress the rest of the world whilst also collecting huge revenues from the toll . 
  there were definitely practical reasons , but given roosevelt 's desires for america to be an imperial power and a world power , i think it was more about status . 
  likewise , the great white fleet was n't really necessary , but he made it and had it sail around the world for all to see ^ ( pun intended ) and to be impressed by . 
  the fleet obviously also had practical advantages , but it was more about status, 
  sometimes i wish there was more european news here . 
  it seems to be 1/2 british news 1/4 eu news ( often with a heavy british slant ) and then 1/4 everything else . 
  and even then i 'm being generous . 
  i 'm sure if the eurozone crises clears up , that we could get the eu interested in funding some of these projects . 
  pan european unity and all that jazz . 
  nothing makes you like your government more than infrastructure spending . 
  at least that way the cosy would be shared by the eu as a whole , rather than just on the uk and ireland .
