  i might actually save this image , like i did `` in science we trust '' + james bond one . 
  i guess that might make it difficult . 
  i 've always used it and it makes everything extremely clear cut and allows for moderators and users to clutter things up immensely whilst keeping things clear . 
  that 's part of the reason i 'm massively in favour of having more personalisation of flairs . 
  you might find it useful to get something which is supported by your browser , as it 'll just generally make your life on reddit a better experience . 
  i 'm not saying it 's your duty to get it or anything , just that you 'll have a better experience if you do . 
  do you have the [ reddit enhancement suit ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  i read this at first and thought you were calling for police brutality directed against expats in brussels :p, 
  yeah i think that 's a too simple reading of history ad current events . 
  north and south korea ? 
  eh , you could draw a lot of parallels between a lot of things , but it does n't really mean the two things are in anyway similar . 
  i could claim that the france and the uk 's ( c 2010 ) relationship has parallels between the us and soviet union ( c 1950 ) relationship . 
  obviously these two relationships are completely different in basically all aspects , but i could talk about how both relationships have similar amounts of populations between both partners and how they both have similar levels of power ( economic , political , military ) but i do n't really think it 's worth comparing the two sets of relationships . 
  if this makes sense . 
  there 's definitely a north-south divide in europe , which i think is even bigger than the east-west divide is * today * . 
  but i 'd say the situation is more akin to the north south divide in the usa rather than in korea . 
  we have our differences , but we have enough in common to create and run this quite nice political-economic union and to be honest it 's pretty impressive ( this goes for usa and eu ) . 
  there can often be huge difference in opinion between the heads of state of each country/state but it 's what we agree on that 's important , not what we disagree on . 
  the news * always * focuses on where political organisations disagree , but you 'll usually find they agree on the overwhelming majority of things . 
  i liked graph number 2 . 
  anyway , i would n't take much meaning from this article . 
  the estimated size of the shadow economies are just that , estimates . 
  further more , just because it 's illegal activity , does n't mean it can be taxed . 
  if we started taxing drug dealers , they 'd probably move somewhere with a lower tax rate . 
  furthermore , a lot of the shadow economy stuff is ilegal and thus if we cracked down on it no extra money would be earned because it would just disappear . 
  personally i 'm all for legalisation of all substances as i believe that it is a person 's right to fuck up their own lives , so long as they 're given the freewill to do it and that they know the consequences of their actions ( ie , harmful substances like cocaine should be clearly labelled so ) . 
  however , if i was campaigning for the legalisation of substances , i would n't talk about profitability as i believe tat law should be defined by what is right and not by what is economically beneficial , which a lot of politics is geared around at the moment . 
  just my two pence in the general idea of this article . 
  meh , once your a block away from where the news is happening , we 're all on even ground in terms of access to information . 
  though i do think europe has it mostly better in terms of our news outlets being at least semi respectable . 
  anyway , i , as a briton and thereby a european union citizen , am any more entitled to an opinion on the matter than you are as someone who may or may not have spent much/any time here in europe/the eu . 
  if you 're well read on the subject and you read from half decent sources , distance is irrelevant . 
  sometimes distance can even be a benefit as it partly removes you from the biases of those effected . 
  i doubt a us newspaper/outlet has anywhere near as much reason to be anti eu as a british paper like the telegraph does . 
  i partly agree with your opinion and partly do n't , but i honestly do n't think my view is * necessarily * superior to yours . 
  that is , at least until i find out your house is littered with confederate flags and you introduce me to your stepmother/wife/daughter . 
  so brave, 
  gosh he sounds like an interesting character . 
  i agree those two bodies have hugely different levels of power and relevance , but i think they 're both still good examples of appointed democracy . 
  side note : i probably should have made it more obvious that the lords and the commission are not elements of representational democracy , but the arguments used for appointed systems of government ( which the lords and the commission are ) in most cases work for representational democracy as well . 
  side note end . 
  i would n't compare the two , but i would say that sometimes they have similar qualities . 
  they 're both organs of a government ; they 're both made up of people ; they both have important jobs in the legislative process ; ect . 
  they share * very little * but there are some things which make them similar , even if those similarities are very shallow . 
  the fact that they 're both forms of appointed government is just one . 
  either way , i 'm still not that bothered about them being appointed bodies for the reasons mentioned . 
  * however * , i would like for the commission to have a smaller monopoly on power in the eu . 
  i do n't particularly care that it 's appointed , because i think that that has it 's ups as well as downs , but i think that if he is appointed , he should have less power . 
  namely , the commission should not have the sole right of legislative initiative . 
  but anyway . 
  if i was you , i 'd pm a mod from a subbreddit with the text function enabled . 
  when i joined reddit i just looked for mods in the side bar and pmed them questions . 
  they were happy to help and i imagine they 'd be happy to help out a fellow moderator even more so . 
  they 've likely gone through the same experiences . 
  but this is just me and i might be wrong . 
  if you keep an eye out for them , you 'll notice they 're not actually * that * uncommon . 
  in sheffield there 's roughly as many as there are the regional flag of yorkshire . 
  you definitely do n't see them everyday but if you walk around town , and you keep a careful eye out you can see at least three . 
  however , i think that number 's remaining stable . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's just more , but when i type things in the box they do n't seem to be ending up on my flair . 
  here in lies one of the greatest arguments in favour of representative democracy . 
  representative democracy : as opposed to direct democracy consists of electing representatives to vote in a way they see fit instead of how you tell them to vote ( like a delegate would ) . 
  the main arguments in favour of representative democracy are that government officials who deal with these things day to day will be able to come to a decision much better than those who are not in touch with it day to day are . 
  furthermore , in theory , representatives will be much better educated ( in respects of their job ) than those who are electing them . 
  this means they 'll be much better able to make complicated decisions because they have a better understanding of the outcomes and requirements . 
  basically , this is why i am not so bothered about the european commission not being directly elected and why i am completely fine with having an appointed house of lords . 
  if there was a referendum on a federal europe tomorrow , it 'd definitely be thrown out . 
  as it should . 
  europe is n't ready yet . 
  however i 'll continue to try and convince people that the eu is a good idea and that a federal europe could work very well in theory . 
  hopefully , by the time i 'm done convincing people , the eu will be ready to take on that role . 
  but even i , at the moment , do n't think it should . 
  give it a decade or three . 
  good things come to those who wait , and bide their time . 
  not really . 
  the european flag is about pan europeanism and a sense of europe being one demos , ect . 
  whilst it might very well go someway to explaining how a lot of people feel , it probably does n't go into anywhere near enough detail . 
  further more , it has a lot more connotations and undesirable characteristics that would not be present in a textual flair . 
  tl : dr the european flag is too vague to be of much use , at least compared to the level of expression just a few words would be . 
  ( and also , the european flag might have connotations people do n't like , such as with the eu ) . 
  i get the impression the stupid europhiles have a bloated presence . 
  i mean , i think they tend to ignore reddiquette a lot more than other groups so those 10 downvotes may well be the entire population of crazies . 
  furthermore , moderates are probably going to spend less time / r/europe and less time commenting in / r/europe where as those who 're so pro europe they put it above democracy , are probably going to spend a disproportionate amount of time in this sub and also comment a lot more as they 're very strong of opinion . 
  there 's 27,000 subscribers to / r/europe , i doubt more than a hundred of them think that federalism comes before democracy . 
  and i would be astronomically shocked if more than 1,000 would . 
  i do believe that is a moderator only feature . 
  it 's certainly not present when i select a flair . 
  as a pro-union-er , i will take comfort in this as i cry into my bedsheets and chocolate . 
   yes , really , people are . 
  they keep saying that they want a real federal europe with all of what it entails , but that we do not have time for votes , and that some debt sharing should be fine , or you know , why not abandoning the ecb rules etc , ( or my personal favorite , democracy is bad , it lead to hitler ... ) when you ask them how however they are planning on building a federal union without the rule of law and where ( most likely ) a majority of the people want out they do not really have answers . 
  please do n't let the stupid europhiles give us all a bad name . 
  they 're definitely out there , but they 're by no means representative of those that believe in a federal europe . 
  i 've met a fair few stupid english people , but i do n't think that those people that i met were at all representative of the english . 
  it turned out they were n't and that the english people are a diverse group of people with such a wide range of views between them that it 's impossible to imagine that they can all agree on the same thing . 
  that 's because they 're different people with different views . 
  on top of that , it 's always the most radical that one remembers . 
  i know there are some really crazy people in the pro europe club and some really crazy people in the ukip/euroskeptic club , however i try and remember that those people are not representative . 
  they 're the fringe people . 
  i can assure you , i 'm pro eurobonds and pro democracy .
