  is antisemitism really that bad ( wide spread ) ? 
  charming ... 
  culture moves on for a reason . 
  if you want a part of a previous tradition back then you need to evaluate the reasons why it changed in the first place . 
  you 'll probably find that your view of the past is heavily distorted and you 've forgot some of the unpleasant repercussions of that tradition . 
  there 's a reason culture moves on . 
  for instance when a new supermarket comes to town a lot of folks start shopping there . 
  as a result the local high street shops tend to go out of business . 
  then people lament the change despite themselves being a large reason for that change . 
  yet sad that the local shops are n't around any more but i 'd rather have the big supermarket as evidenced by the fact that i spend money there rather than at the local shops which are going out of business . 
  edit : not to whine about being downvoted but a ) the downvoted button is not a disagree button but is a way of indicating a breach of reddit or the subreddit 's rules and b ) if you disagree with someone it 's polite , customary in fact , to explain `` why '', 
  such as ? 
  we can hardly have a discussion about how much or how little the competencies of the european council and the council of ministers overlap without first discussing what those competencies are, 
  european council and council of ministers are pretty much the same branch of eu governance . 
  it 's kind of like congress being made up of the senate and the house of representatives . 
  the eu 's ` congress ' is made up of the european parliament and the council of ministers/european council . 
  this branch of governance , whilst represented by different people at different times , is always representing the national interests of a country which is juxtaposed against the other organs in the eu 's legislative process , e.g. 
  commission and ep who both represent the eu 's collective interests . 
  it 's for this reason that i find the terms interchangeable . 
  the council ( whether ` european ' or ` of ministers ) is for national interests . 
  in previous elections the council of ministers has appointed the european commission . 
  the council of the european union is a body made up of the heads of government of every single eu state . 
  so basically angela merkel , david cameron , fran\u00e7ois hollande and all the other prime ministers and presidents ( where appropriate ) have a talk and will mostly agree on who to appoint . 
  i forget whether this is done by majority voting couned by heads of government or by the eu 's special weighted voting method which takes the population of the country the head of government is representing into account . 
  this is how it used to be done , but even then you can see that farage 's claims that it is undemocratic is just a bit facetious . 
  eu heads of state who are all directly elected elect the european commission . 
  it 's very similar to how the prime minister is elected in the uk . 
  you vote for your mp who then votes for the prime minister . 
  like wise , you vote for your head of state ( maybe by voting for an mp ) who then , later on , votes for the commission president . 
  farage 's argument that this was undemocratic was that your head of government 's job is so far removed from deciding who the commission president is , that it is still undemocratic , despite being appointed by democratic institutions . 
  and he does have a point . 
  national politicians almost never say what commission president they plan on voting for , but on the whole i still disagree with his claim that it is actually undemocratic . 
  how the system works now is that the council of ministers ( cameron , hollande , merkel and so on ) get together and decide who they want to be in the european commission , then the european parliament can simply veto it . 
  the eu parliament is a directly elected organ as you 'll probably now and is directly associated with european affairs . 
  in effect the ep could just keep rejecting proposals from the council of ministers until they finally suggested the commissioners they wanted in the first place . 
  edit : i should note the reason why i give so much time talking about the ` old ' method is because the new method ( the one involving the ep ) has not been used yet but will be used in the european elections in 2014 . 
  as a further aside , please vote in the 2014 ep elections ; i do n't want the bnp to stay on representing us :(, 
  exactly , the best ideas happen whilst drunk . 
  why do you think we 've had so many great inventions ? 
  intelligence + beer, 
  whilst i agree that this report has more merit computer giving it credit for , the u.k. 's economy is by no means consistently growing . 
  the uk has had a double dip recession already and the economic growth we do have is limited compared to pre recession levels of growth . 
  furthermore most of the economic growth is centred in london and not just in london but in the london housing market whilst the rest of the country remains in recession ( if you look it up london is genuinely the only region to be growing in the whole country ) . 
  additionally many speculate that london housing is simply a bubble that will burst and we wo n't be in a good situation when it does due to abstaining from the eurozone banking union . 
  furthermore germany 's population is not shrinking unless you count the `` native '' or `` ethnically german '' population , and if you are counting that then the uk population is also in decline . 
  but in effect neither is in decline because of immigration . 
  both are growing and both at similar rates . 
  there are definitely reasons why this report is valid otherwise it wouldnt have been promted , but these are n't the reasons . 
  what is actually wrong with this prediction ? 
  yeah the majority of other predictions disagree , but truth is n't democratic . 
  it does n't matter one out of one million people claim something or whether a million people claim something . 
  both groups have just as much chance of being write . 
  so let 's critique this based on what it 's saying and not on the context of what it says , e.g. 
  compared to what other institutions predict . 
  why is this a bad prediction ? 
  no the european parliament nationally speaks british english , however in effect , because so many non-native speakers have got together they 've started developing their own dialect of english distinct from both british english and american english . 
  edit : here 's a video which discusses the topic . 
  da ` ww this cheered me up a bit , 
  message the mods and supply them with an image and then you 'll be able to use it , 
  no i meant de jure because de jure pertains to whether something is legally or theoretically correct where as de facto pertains to whether something is correct or true in practice . 
  all school boards in just about every european country prescribes that british english be taught ( there 's some deviation from this in practice ) as does the european commission . 
  british english is de jure the english of europe , but it 's only de facto the english of europe to a certain extent because many europeans ( perhaps the american spelling in this survey is a testament to that ) prefer american spellings and grammar . 
  so it 's more de jure than it is de facto . 
  of the people / u/whitegradschoolmale mentioned, 
  yeah i do n't think he 'd have quite so many if i did n't keep seeing him around other sub 's like / r/vexillology, 
  i was n't so much looking at finance stuff , but more at the university stuff . 
  additionally it is surprising that nobody seems to be going to frankfurt or paris for their careers in finance . 
  so it 's surprising on two counts . 
  it 's not racism because he does n't even know what race you are . 
  jesus christ / u/bjezbzoul ( or however you spell it . 
  the one with the romanian flag ) has exactl 123 upvotes from me and jb_uk has 90 , compared to all the other mods which have about 10 or less . 
  i must really love those guys, 
  i like you, 
  it 's people like you who 're bringing the country down you know . 
  we used to be a nation of doers !, 
  and now look at us !, 
  writing letters to tesco 's and sainsburry 's . 
  it 's worse than those people on the tube who tut and you , damn complainers !, 
  i 'll have to write strongly worded letter myself to the guardian about all of these damn complainers, 
  nit pick : american spellings were , at least in some instances , used despite the british dialect being kind of the de jure english dialect of europe , unless you count european parliament english . 
  huh , that 's very interesting . 
  i would n't have expected the uk to be quite so popular , especially compared to germany and france . 
  thanks very much for that info . 
  out of curiosity , where are your colleagues planning on going to ? 
  i always thought the way irish and british support nations teams as regards each other is sweet . 
  if the irish are playing the british will support them . 
  if the british are playing the irish will support whoever we 're playing against , it 's kinda sweet . 
  it 'd be nice if we could cultivate a few more cultural links between our nations . 
  make it easier to travel between the two countries ( i really want them to build a tunnel , but that ai n't happenin ' ) . 
  maybe have some joint job creation programmes where we find work for our people in each other 's countries . 
  it 'd just be nice, 
  even if we marry france it 's all in the aid of achieving our ultimate and most important goal : destroying france . 
  this is best done from the inside . 
  why do you think we joined the eu in the first place ?!, 
  i feel as though such a partnership could never be equal . 
  we 're just to different . 
  luxembourg is far too small and insignificant for a union state . 
  scotland : * northern ireland * republic of ireland , * wales * maybe the crown dependencies and overseas territories . 
  * and finally the north and * only * the north of england . 
  edit : maybe the cornish of they 're up for it .
