  the percentage points of change are people who are near the middle threshold and do n't have their minds made up : floaters voters , for instance . 
  it only takes a very small event to push a large number of floating voters over the edge and push those who were already in one field of opinion or another * further * into that field of opinion to the extent where they start acting upon that opinion ( by voting , upvoting/downvoting and commenting ) . 
  imagine a big politic spectrum . 
  at one end you have `` pro russia '' and at the other end of the line you have `` anti russia '' . 
  now imagine that on this line/political spectrum , are many marbles lined up one by one . 
  each event pushes these marbles one way or another , but only by a small amount . 
  however one event might be another to push one person from the pro-russia side into the anti-russia side , and concurrently someone from the moderately anti russia side goes into the very anti-russia side . 
  it 's the same on the other end of the spectrum too . 
  as an event makes more people ant-russia , those who are pro russia diminish slightly at all levels simultaneously . 
  tl ; dr : public opinion is like a bunch of marbles . 
  that 's not what the downvote button is for though . 
  the downvote button is for flagging content which does not adhere to the reddiqette . 
  additionally , this kind of discussion , whilst potentially boring , is useful ad interesting to many of us and it benefits you in no to have it be drowned out . 
  we should have a positive attitude towards content rather than a negative one . 
  negative attitudes lead to empty subs . 
  we do n't have enough content around here to start being super picky . 
  edit : additionally , i like discussion threads or `` meta-moaning threads ' because they make people aware of what is good conduct in a specific sub and can create a sense of anthropomorphasis between different users which helps promote community , good discussion , ect , ect . 
  i have felt as though the content in this sub has kind of been lacking recently . 
  it might be today with exams coming up and so people have less time to reddit , ergo less time to post cool stuff to / r/europe but i 'm still a bit worried the content wo n't return . 
  personally i think it 's gotten worse recently , but it has always been there . 
  if you look at the bottom of every thread there 'll be someone who 's gotten a million downvotes . 
  the problem is , there 's a reason for this trend . 
  half the time people who 're sitting at the bottom of the thread with a downvote to upvote ratio of 3:1 is because they 're legitimately saying stupid stuff . 
  not even stupid , but blatantly offensive , poorly constructed and just detracting from the general value of this sub . 
  however , because of those people , i think , it 's legitimised downvoting in a lot of people 's eyes and they do it more freely than before . 
  the solution is that we need to ensure that a lot of these people who 're saying nothing but bile start behaving themselves properly in this sub * and * that everybody examines their use of the downvote button to ensure they use it properly and in accordance with the reddiquette . 
  it 's a ` this is bad content ' button , not a `` i disagree ' button . 
  something you disagree with that has been well argued and is thoughtful deserves to be up voted whether you agree with it or not , and definitely not downvoted . 
  i 'm gon na pull a potential buzzword and say that i think moderator action would be useful on this , but mostly it 's something we can do ourselves . 
  you can kind of sympathise with this trend in a lot of the maps as they are usually not confined to just the eu like this one is . 
  usually the information will be gather by the eu 's statistical organisation , eurostat but then also include a fairly arbitrary selection of non eu countries . 
  it 's one of the problems of the multi speed europe that we have , where both members inside and out of the organisation proper are integrated to varying extents, 
  yeah but in america liberal = left wing = democrat = blue whilst . 
  it liberal = right wing = republican = red . 
  in europe all the socialist parties are red and conservative and neo-liberal parties are blue . 
  the thing is , a lot of european liberal parties are economic liberals who favour small government but most american liberals are social liberals who favour larger government . 
  hmm , i 'd be skeptical about calling a lot of the governments which have been described in the link as ` right wing ' or ` left wing ' . 
  it seems far too relative to me . 
  it 's basically just stating whether or not that country 's lefter wing party or that country 's righter wing party is in power , which is n't really a good indicator . 
  for instance , if i lived in the 1960s i probably would tony blair quite right wing because he accepted so many of thatcher 's reforms . 
  but then there are times when you some of the nordic countries have ` right wing ' governments , but those right wing governments condone things which would be considered incredibly left wing in spain , for instance . 
  i can get behind this !, 
  i 'd rather argue about who 's got the longest telescope and most research budget than who 's got the longest nuclear missiles and defense budget . 
  when do we get to gobsmackingly large ? 
  it 's like a vegetarian version of chicken nuggets , right down to the ketchup . 
  it 's for this reason that i think it should be served in a card box with frites and a soft drink of your choice . 
  but seriously , this seems like what mcdonald 's would be if the french thought of it , i.e. 
  much more \u00e9legant . 
  i 'm gon na give it a go today, 
  it 's easter ? 
  what 's the tax rate in belgium ? 
  the analysis by the bbc 's correspondent ( added after i made my comment ) seems to back me up on this . 
   there 's going to be a lot of talk in geneva - and beyond - using terms like `` decentralisation '' , `` federalism '' and `` regionalisation '' . 
   even the interim ukrainian government is willing to discuss greater decentralisation . 
  for if ukraine is to have any reasonable future then constitutional change of some kind is widely seen as necessary . 
   the balance of power between kiev and the regions has to change , not least to enable the russian-speaking areas to have more of a say over their own affairs . 
  substantial powers might have to be transferred . 
   the trouble is that all of these terms mean very different things to different people . 
  russia for example sees `` federalism '' as a way of weakening the hold of kiev and seems to want regions to be able to enter into relationships with a foreign country - russia - irrespective of the views of the central government in kiev . 
  i know what you mean and there is a little part of me which is proud of us for being the best of the bad guys and maybe if the british had n't got control of all that territory , one of the other guys would n't . 
  abyssinia/sudan with fascist italy is a case in point . 
  my anti-imperialism is there in juxtaposition with those who are genuinely proud of it . 
  i think there 's a middle ground between the empire being nothing but evil and the empire being a force for good , but i think the opinion that the empire was a force for good is very dangerous and very incorrect . 
  even if it was a force for good ( which it was n't ) , that only applies in its time period ( s ) and not in the modern world , which is in contrast with what some believe . 
  what russia was demanding before was that ukraine a ) federalise ( rather than its system of asymetric devolution that it has currently ) and b ) have constitutionally enforced neutrality like austria does as a result of the cold war ( it was the only way all parties involved could avoid a second berlin wall in austria ) . 
  ukraine is likely to have succumbed to at least some of these demands . 
  however , i doubt those demands will be permanent . 
  austria has constitutionally enforced neutrality , which is why it is n't a nato member , but it still joined the eu which largely gets round the neutrality clause . 
  given democratic will within ukraine and the desire by many europeans for ukraine to become more integrated with the eu , i doubt the eu or even us would have agreed to anything which would compromise ukraine 's ability to join the eu . 
  whether the ukraine joins nato or federalises though , is more likely to have been on that negotiating table . 
  just like to point out the very cool role ashton , effectively the eu foreign minister , is playing in international relations recently . 
  it appears that no eu member state has been directly invited to these negotiations over ukraine , and it seems very unlikely that any would have been if the eu 's external action service was n't in a position to represent most of europe jointly . 
  the external action service also played a formative role in the most recent negotiations on the iranian nuclear crisis . 
  i think other eu member states ' heads of government/state were present in those meetings , but ashton was the one who break ground . 
  if this agreement today is the beginning of the conclusion of the ukraine crisis , it 'll stand as a huge testament to the eu 's progress since yugoslavia . 
  that coast which allowed the british government of the 17th century onwards to create the largest empire ever known , which would cause more harm to more people than any organisation before it . 
  sure , it good for us . 
  the british museum has an excellent selection as a result of the empire and i 'm sure we have lot of wealth that we would n't otherwise have , but it probably was n't worth the damage it did to the rest of the world and from that perspective it would probably have been better had we not been given a coastline . 
  there 's a reason the sun never sets on the british empire . 
  god does n't trust us in the dark , and rightly so . 
  i happened to , as native english speaker , attend a competition for swedes ' english and debating abilities . 
  they were all , naturally , perfect at english in every way , even above my own ability , but i tested out regional slang on then and non of them could understand what i was saying past the first five words . 
  so yeah , if you want to not be under stood just do an impression of your local dialect, 
  can confirm, 
  dude , i agree with the post but you 're only gon na ostracise people if you talk to them like that . 
  makes you and the only argument come off kind of dickish . 
  yeah . 
  ever since the tax scandal , where it turned out starbucks ( and other companies ) made billions of pounds in revenue , and then only had something like one or two million pounds in taxable profit . 
  even if you deduct operating costs , they should have been paying tens , if not hundreds , of millions of pounds more in taxable profit . 
  ever since then ( i think it 's been over a year , possibly two ) i have refused to buy or drink coffee from starbucks . 
  if i 'm with a group of friends i 'll convince them to walk the 100 metres to the next non-starbucks coffee shop ( which is usually a costa that does pay its tax ) . 
  it is completely unaccaptable that a foreign company of starbucks size , which offers a service that any other uk company could offer ( and in some cases do ) is drowning out uk businesses and refusing to pay tax on the roads which ferry its customers and employees to the establishment , which ensures its customers are rich enough to afford coffee . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  pay tax or get out . 
  i 'd have been happy if the government had initiated a hostile take over right then and the company moving its headquarters to the uk does n't change that . 
  they are providing nothing of value to this country that a uk company with a reliable record could n't . 
  it 's actually very interesting if you look at percentage voter turnout and rising ( human ) membership of pressure groups and increasing donations to pressure groups who lobby the government . 
  people are becoming increasingly disenfranchised by their own democratic systems , which is why pressure groups and protests movements make up an increasingly large part of the political system . 
  in pretty much all democracies ( apart from the israel system and sort of the scottish system ) we elect representatives based for a * region * ( for instance nick clegg , deputy uk pm , is mp for sheffield hallam and ed miliband , leader of the oppossition , is mp for rotherham ) but people * do n't * identify with their region . 
  they identify with their class , or their profession .
