  this submission has been removed for editorialising, 
  are you sure it was a mod that said that ? 
  we have had at least one instance in recent time of a random user pretending to be a moderator and telling someone to remove things . 
  if it 's a real moderator we 'll remove it ourselves rather than trying to make the user do it . 
  there 's less room for confusion that way . 
  i ca n't find it in your post history so i 'm not sure though . 
   there you are mixing the detail and knowledge with people who ideally would not be camera shy hashing out the facts with the help of op who knows the facts . 
   damm i realized i just described the young turks i 'm gon na be honest and say i do n't really know what the young turks is like . 
  i remember glancing at it * once * ... two years ago . 
  i just looked at it now . 
  i thought it was a table talk format with three presenters ( who question each other ) but it turns out i 'm whoefully wrong and i do n't really understand it . 
  what was your idea with the multiple hosts ? 
  that 's not been removed . 
  it should still be listed on the subreddit like any normal submission . 
  the user who posted it has deleted their account though . 
  what region are you from ? 
  i actually said the ` why do n't we make one ! ', 
  thing as a joke , but now that people are interested i kind of think we should give it a shot . 
  basically it was added a long time ago ( like , at least a year ago , possibly several years ) and we ca n't de-activate specific users flairs once they 've picked them . 
  so even if we remove the spanish second republic flag from the list of options , the users who already have the flair will keep it until the stop using it themselves . 
  it 's also problematic because a lot of our spanish users genuinely refuse to user the ordinary spanish flair , because they think it is too monarchical . 
  so we have a lot of users going flairless . 
  that 's why there 's one user who does n't post here anymore who has a black anarchy flag . 
  there 's also some tricky situations where we 're not exactly sure which flag to use because there 's multiple competing ones which have different undertones , for instance we offer to catalonian flairs because they 're both legitimate . 
  and there 's things like the gyspy/roma flag which is there , despite not being a country , because there is a sort of ` roma nationality ' in the same way there was an idenfiable jewish nationality before the creation of israel . 
  there 's a lot of catch 22s , is what i am trying to say , especially when you regional flags have political implications . 
  i think these talk shows always are biased . 
  the idea is that you display a range of views on the matter , and that ends up being quite similar to impartiality . 
  there 's obviously some people on this subreddit who * really love * following the news . 
  if you look at some of the people who posted in the ` what happened in your country this week ' threads , you 'll see an enermous amount of detail and knowledge ( especially if you go back to some of the older ones ) . 
  we should be able to invite a few of these sorts of people from various countries ( and various political persusations , where possible ) to sit down in a google hangout for half an hour or so and discuss * stuff * . 
  edit : althought it might be difficult , because most people will probably not want to show their faces . 
  it could be done as a podcast format , but i 'm not sure if most people would feel comfortable even with their voices being heard . 
  the funny thing is , al murry ( leader of fukp , and a comedian ) was playing the drunken pub owner stereotype as a comedy gag since * way * before nigel farage became famous . 
  sadly , i do n't think such a thing exists . 
  europe has integrated a lot , so that a great deal of the political decisions are taken collectively , but the conciousness fo the european public has n't integrated at anywhere near the same pace . 
  this subreddit is probably the most active place for discussion of pan-european politics that exists . 
  maybe we should start a talk show !, 
  any volunteers ? 
  mod.here please provide a source, 
  huh ? 
  do you not think conservatives value individualism ? 
  if you were a moderator , you 're level of frenchness would probably outweigh all the britishness in the mod team straight away !, 
  also , what happened ? 
  i thought you 'd been shadow banned by the admins ? 
  i glad that you 're back !, 
  the rules are listed in the sidebar for further clarification, 
  * oh back in the old days things were better !, 
  everything 's gone down hill since then !, 
  oh back in my day we could be proud of ourselves , but now look at us * - every generation , ever , looking back at its past , ignoring all the huge progress which has been made and all the shitty stuff that happened then . 
  a good example of this is the death penalty in the uk . 
  it was abolished in the 1970s largely without the explicit consent of the population by sitting mps , and the population was ( according to opinion polls ) largely against abolition . 
  but once it was removed few people actually wanted to bring it back , and so here we are today , with no death penalty . 
  personally i 'm in favour of the population voting for the broad principles of government , and the public should be allowed to vote them out if they change their minds or do n't believe the government have done as they said . 
  but i think the government itself should fill in the blanks . 
  for instance , conservative parties ( like the european people 's party ) value stability , individualism and are opposed to any sort of big change whilst social democrats are in favour of greater equality and greater market regulation , and favour communitarianism ( opposite of individualism ) . 
  you do n't need to know where they stand in every issue to decide which you prefer , because it 's a question of values and not policies . 
  delisted under rule 2.5, 
  we 'll that 's your opinion . 
  i do n't think we 're at / r/gaming levels , not by a long shot . 
  and we do n't catch everything . 
  there 's only about ten moderators for 310,000 users . 
  things slip through the net . 
  you can criticise the way we operate all day long , but at th end of the day we 've probably put a lot more time into thinking about how to do this than you have . 
  and if we allowed it to stay , and other posts like it to stay , then soon the subreddit would be filled with these sorts of posts and no the political/cultural distursive posts that we 're known for . 
  we do n't want this sub to become like / r/gaming and therefore we need strong moderation . 
  free market does n't always lead to the best outcome, 
  this has been delisted until a source is provided . 
  this submission has been delisted under rule 2.5, 
  [ it 's also the truth ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/03/19/support-for-legal-pot-not-so-high-britian/ ) , as this yougov ( the most well respected pollster in the uk ) points out . 
   turn towards the west i really doubt this is a ` turn towards the west ' . 
  it 's a turn against russia , and apart from that it 's a turn in no particular direction . 
  if this was a turn towards the west he would have to actually do something that the eu would like , such as liberalising the economy , giving people human rights , or something . 
  the eu happens to support georgia in this conflict , but that does n't mean belarus is in league with the eu . 
  the friend of my friend is not necessarily my friend . 
  i think you 've got to remember that the british isles is an incredibly diverse group of nations . 
  there 's a reason weed has n't been decriminalised in the uk , and that 's because it 's unpopular , as most people think it should be criminalised . 
  this goes for the entire country , but especially for northern ireland . 
  however many british and irish people you 've met , i really do n't think you 've got an accurate view of the situation . 
  edit : anybody wan na explain what the downvotes are for ? 
  that sounds like cherry picking data to me . 
  i mean , why not just give the data for all of amsterdam or the entire country ? 
  it 's suspicious to just give the area for the borders regions of one particular city . 
   the garda ( irish police ) would probably come out against it i do n't know specifically about the garda civil but if you watch just about any documentary with grassroots police officers they 'll tell you they think dealing with small time drug dealers or small time position of drug stuff is pointless . 
  apart from northern ireland are one of the most socially conservative regions of the entire northern europe . 
  if roi legalised cannabis , ni would probably hate it . 
   but they stayed and now amsterdam is 50 % non dutch culturally . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  you ca n't say they 're bad based on results alone . 
  you have to keep in mind what sort of fortunes they were given in this war . 
  the ukrainian army is a tiny fraction of the size of the russian army , with a microscopic a proportion of the funding ( russia has one of the highest military budgets in the world ) . 
  i the the fact they 've managed to push the russians back to the very least of ukraine 's amazing given the weaknesses they have and the strength of their enemy . 
  i 'd be happy to let them in, 
  it 's actually amazingly hard to learn a language like esperanto without the resources like duolingo or local classes . 
  i was really surprised . 
  i had to give up relatively quickly because the friend i was learning with just , well , never really started  :( not that i 'm bitter . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  i live in sheffield , which is small and out of the way up in the north of england . 
  we 're so homogenuous that we ca n't even buy german newspapers in * any * of the shops .
