  toppling gadaffi was something we did , but the civil war began entirely without europeans doing anything . 
  all the europeans did was make the rebels win sooner and root out an oppressive dictator . 
  the aftermath would have been the same either way : chaos . 
  and i 'm more content with chaos than with an actively oppressive regime that air strikes protests . 
  just sitting here ... waiting for a french , spanish or german person to comment with good movie suggestions for language learning purposes, 
  what 's it about ? 
  whats so great about them ? 
  this submission has been delisted for editorialising . 
  feel free to submit it again with the correct title, 
  this submission has been delisted for editorialising . 
  feel free to resubmit under a non editorialised title, 
  if you read the article you 'll see that there 's actually no evidence at all that the eu intends to attack isis in libya . 
  what happened is that the document outlining action in libya against smugglers does n't have a clear end point . 
  this means that the news organisation malta today could just insert any crazy end point of the operations and say that it 's backed up by t be evidence , because it 's not ruled out by the evidence . 
  i would be incredibly surprised if a serious attack on isis in libya was undertaken as part of this operation, 
  i 've removed this link because the site it 's hosted on allegedly contains malware ( computer viruses ) and we 've gotten many reports about it . 
  sorry but this has been removed under rule 2.6 . 
  i watched the king 's speech recently , which is about the king who was queen elizabeth ii ( the current queen ) 's father ( george the something ) , and his dreadful stammer and the personal journey he had to take to overcome it . 
  it humanises the monarchy in an interesting way . 
  it 's partially interesting because a lot of the problems which effect them are completely unrelatable for normal people today , but the film really makes you appreciate them . 
  one really gains an attachment for all the characters too . 
  + there 's a few very funny moments, 
  sorry but this has been removed under rules 2.5 . 
  and 2.6 . 
  this has been removed for lacking a source, 
  we invent sports , and then stealing people from around the in order to win olympic gold medals for us . 
  if there 's no olympic quality athletes , there 's no point . 
  [ there 's no need to be so mean :'( ] ( http://www.ronaldo7.net/news/2012/cristiano-ronaldo-592-crying-with-gary-neville-in-tears-after-manchester-united-won-the-uefa-champions-league-in-2008.jpg ), 
  some of them are european-ish , but very very few them could actually qualify for european . 
  i mean , europeans certainly had an effect on africa and asia ( in a pretty huge way ) but non of them are european . 
  some of the settler colonies like america are definitely european * influenced * cultures , but there 's too many other things going on their to call them european . 
  i 'd say that canada and maybe australia could qualify , though . 
  not sure if serious ... 
  look , you may feel as though you 've been personally wronged because i took your content down . 
  this is entirely reasonable , but i ca n't help you . 
  as a moderator i am tasked with applying the rules and i have a team of about ten other moderators who i run decisions by . 
  i 'm sorry that we 've had to remove your content , but this just is n't the place for it and arguing with me is n't going to make it be relisted . 
  have a nice day . 
  a ) meaning that if you want to seriously draw attention to russian hypocrisy , a music video is just about the least level-headed way to do it . 
  b ) if it 's not in accordance with the rules , then i remove it . 
  i do n't know why you 're fighting this . 
  c ) this is from * two months ago * . 
  i 've obviously removed it , but if the best thing you can find is from two months ago , it hardly demonstrates an unequal application of the rules by the moderators anymore than it demonstrates a the fact non of us checked the front page that day . 
  i really do n't know what you 're trying to achieve with this . 
  this content is not going to be listed here for all the reasons i have outlined . 
  i learned [ le onde ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3u-imoppba8 ) by einaudi . 
  very nice piece, 
  a ) if you wanted to point out hypocrisy in a non-circljerky sort of way , then you could have done it in a text post . 
  b ) specifically chosen army shots , but still just a montage non-the-less . 
  c ) are there ? 
  a few have been allowed because of eurovision and the general hype around that , but in the weeks and months preceding eurovision i 've not seen any , and if i have , i 've removed them . 
  if you see any music videos would you please report them so they can be removed . 
  1.1 . definitely does n't fall flat , because this is quite clearly just a hate post against russia . 
  you 're fine to criticise russia specifically all you want , but this is just a big bandwagon post for us all to gather around and go ` yeah , are n't the russians awful ' . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's a mod 's job to interpret the rules and we deem this to be low quality , which it is . 
  it 's just a youtube compilation video of random army shots . 
  if you see content which is `` lower quality '' than this , then please report it . 
  there 's 340,000 of you guys and only about 10 moderators . 
  some stuff slips through the net . 
  the moderators work in a symbiotic relationship with the community . 
  basically , this is a music video and this is * not * the kind of subreddit where music videos should be posted . 
  this has been removed under rules 1.1 . 
  2.5 . and 2.6 . 
  sorry but this is more / r/europics sort of content . 
  we do n't normally allow nature/architecture pictures here . 
  sorry this is n't the place for music videos . 
  i did n't make them * that * obtuse , did i ? . . 
  also , it would be great to have them available in other languages . 
  i know many users here can articulate themselves quite well , but there 's also many who find it harder and are therefore quite quiet most of the time , and it would be helpful for a lot of people to get it in their own language , just for the sake of absolute clarity . 
  it was predicted to be a ` no ' vote , but it was definitely predicted to be close but the margin was relatively enormous . 
  i 'd say this election was just about as much of a vote for the incumbent as was possible , considering that people could n't vote for both the lib dems and the conservatives . 
  but you see the same thing if you 're looking at referendums . 
  for instance in the scottish referendum it was predicted to be on a knife edge but there ended up being a clear 10 % difference . 
  you can also see that response with previous votes for regional assemblies . 
  the welsh parliament only passed by a whisker , and the welsh and scottish had already had failed referendums for regional assemblies before . 
  like i say , it 's to let the different moderators settle in at different times . 
  if we added all five at once it would be a little chaotic in the back room . 
  this way , the experienced moderators can hold the hands of the newer ones until they settle in , without any mistakes being made . 
  and we would n't want to announce the names of a moderator but then hold off on actually making them mod for a long period of time . 
  i 'm sure we 'd all find the temptations to share things without them about moderation or for other users to start treating them like moderators too difficult to resist and then the initial purpose of not making them mods in the first place would be somewhat void . 
  that 's right , be the change you want to see in the world !, 
  also , i agree with you . 
  i do n't have hugely vast knowledge of spanish elections , but an extremely identifiable tendency in british elections is for the electorate to become scared at the * last possible second * and vote overwhelmingly for the status quo , despite what the opinion polls say . 
  is this an identifiable trend in spanish politics too ? 
  it 'd be really interesting if it was n't, 
  yeah , but sunderland are special . 
  they 're first like * every time * and do it within a couple of hours , where as the others will usually take about six hours . 
  so i do n't like using what they do as a norm . 
  the boxes i 've always used are like felt . 
  maybe they transfer them to industrial plastic ones after , but the ones i 've always put my ballots in are felt with a zip . 
  poor channel islander :( i feel truly sorry for your lack of everything , and proximity to the french . 
  you 're truly doing god 's work . 
  [ bbc iplayer ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/p02rr3y0/eurovision-song-contest-2015-mels-five-reasons-to-watch ) . 
  i do n't think it 's started yet so , you 'll still have to wait just a bit longer . 
  if a legitimate news story picks up the story , or a well known figure claims it to be true , then it can be posted . 
  baring that , no , it ca n't . 
  if ensuring that content is true before it can be posted here is censorship , then i really do n't see what the problem is . 
  we 're not censoring opinions and we 're not moderating in a partisan fashion . 
  we 're simply assuring basic standards .
