  you 're aware that reddit has a sorting algorithm which determiens what 's on the front page . 
  just because you 're favourite post did n't make it there does n't mean we 're somehow out to get you . 
  maybe what one writes just is n't popular . 
  anyway , the post still has a lot of time to go before it sinks irreparably . 
  so you 're downvoting the user , rather than the comment that the user is making ? 
  i 'm gon na add onto this two things a ) that you should n't downvote dclauze because you disagree with him . 
  his comment clearly explains his reasons for not approving allowing liveleak and youtube links , and because it is informative , should be at the top of the page , not the bottom . 
  that 's what the upvote and downvote buttons are intended for : to mark insightful content . 
  a direct answer to the question posed by the op from a primary source is nothing if not insightful . 
  b ) i think there is a further reason which dclauzel touched on but has n't developed . 
  yes , they 're frequently used to fan hate speech , but that 's a secondary reason in my opinion and insufficient by itself . 
  the main reason is because of this : `` nearly all the time without context , explanations , date , location , etc '' . 
  because they are without context , explanation , date , or any other identifiable information they are effectively unverified and unverifiable . 
  the only reason we have to believe that the content is what the op says it is , is the content itself , which is usually grainy . 
  for instance , take into account the various videos of protests that get posted here , or some of the videos which were posted here supposedly of acts of brutalism by soldiers in east ukraine . 
  all we can see in those videos are the protests themselves ( usually too grainy to accurately hear what they are chanting , read what placards they are holding or see landmarks to identify the location ) and the ukrainian acts of brutalism could be anywhere in the world , or worse , they could be staged . 
  i think that / r/europe has a duty to avoid spreading misinformation . 
  misinformation can cause horrible things . 
  i need not remind most users of the fiasco involving reddit and their misidentification of the boston bomber in the usa , which sullied reddit 's reputation as well as causing huge distress to a poor individual who 'd already been through too much . 
  so i think we have a duty to avoid further such scenarios in this subreddit and avoid the spreading of misinformation more generally . 
  it 's why we remove content that lacks sources . 
  information which can not be proven to be true is as good as false . 
  therefore we can not allow most liveleak and youtube content . 
  edit : p.s. 
  weldone to the op for their attempt to rile up the crowd : starting out with a legitimate question and then providing your own answer before we 've had a chance to respond in the comments . 
  nice . 
  that 's not true . 
  those millions of turks all have the right to vote in turkish elections , despite living abroad indefinitely . 
  if the actions ( or inactions ) of the turkish government forced those millions back to turkey , then it 'd have pretty serious repercussions for the turkish government at the next elections . 
  i doubt they 'd be happy about being forced to move away from their home and work . 
  plus , most turks see european integration as a good thing , even if most have probably given up hopes of eu membership . 
  so if the government put the current levels of european intoegration ( e.g. 
  the customs union ) in jeopardy then that would cause a back lash from those several million abroad ( who 're mostly supporters of erdogan , current ) as well as turks in turkey . 
  so yeah , it actually has a pretty big implication, 
  there 's not actually much evidence of the extent of these ideas in muslim communities iirc . 
  there are some surveys and such , but no extensive research . 
  do n't get me , wrong . 
  people would describe me as a bleeding heart liberal and i think these muslims are absolutely appalling and should be punished for advocating violence . 
  it 's completely unacceptable to do so and any body who says that it 's okay can not call themselves liberal with a straight face . 
  i 'm not saying what these are a fringe group or that they are wide spread . 
  i 'm simply saying that , as far as i 'm aware , there is n't significant information either way . 
  i see . 
  how does this fit in with the 1st , 2nd and 3rd wave feminism paradigms ? 
  and would it be correct to say that : radical feminism is n't that radical , nor fringe , whilst `` tumblr feminists '' ( as they seem to be called ) * are * both radical and fringe but they are not `` radical feminists '' ( which is a distinct movement ) ? 
  i 'm just gon na step in here as somebody who others have described as a ` leftist ' or an ` sjw ' ( although personally i 'd described myself as a feminist , egalitarian and a liberal ) to say that i whole-heartedly agree . 
  advocating violence , much more so advocating violence against your spouse , is completely unacceptable . 
  there should be punishment for it in order to completely stamp out this practice . 
  it 's backwards . 
  i respect the freedom of individuals , and their freedom from violence or persecution . 
  if you infringe on those individual freedoms then you have committed a crime . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this was removed as it was very recently reposted and it had received a good amount of attention . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  i miss the b-landia , or whatever that country was called . 
  now how will i know what 's happening in berlin , bristol and barcelona ? 
   that 's a pretty ridiculous assessment of labour 's platform under miliband . 
  not / u/omoimara , but i also agree with / u/omoimara . 
  miliband 's platform was very good imho . 
  it was distinct , but not extreme . 
  there would have been serious positives to the average briton had he been elected . 
  however , the leadership election after ed miliband was n't a choice between somebody of ed miliband 's positions and jeremy corbyn 's . 
  it was a choice between one extreme right winger ( by labour standers ) , to right wingers and jeremy corbyn . 
  apart from corbyn , all of the candidates positioned themselves to the left of miliband . 
  apart from corbyn , all of the candidates were virtually indistinguishable form tories . 
  hmm ,  the main reason is probably the inapt handling of the migrant crisis is there a feeling in hungary that the migrant crisis has been badly handled ? 
  hungary 's been such an example for most of the rest of europe for how not to handle the crisis , that i had n't considered that it may be controversial in hungary too . 
  any background information on this ? 
  does n't stop them being racist towards each other, 
  nobody forcing britain to participate , the alleged agreement is for cameron not to block continental europe integrating . 
  there 's no suggestion of the uk actually participating at all . 
  also , bear in mind that there 's no attributable sources in this article . 
  so it 's not very trust worthy, 
  okay , what do you think if , the number of ethnic britons in the uk stayed the same , but the number of immigrants just increased ? 
  there 's still the same number of white british people who 've always lived in the uk , but now there are also a lot of other people who hold and respect our culture and give us more international weight . 
  i do n't think i would say anything . 
  i do n't see any reason to say anything . 
  if they 're all culturally english then it makes no difference if it 's twenty five percent , one hundred percent or zero percent . 
  it 's the culture that matters , not race . 
  i think what 's very important in the title of the op is that a third of primary school children are of ethnic minorities . 
  that is , that they are ethnic minorities and they are in school . 
  they are being educating and immersed in the english culture . 
  what would you say if only 25 % of the population was white british ? 
  edit : * again * reminder of the reddiquette : the downvote button is to promote discussion , not whether you agree . 
  ha , it 's weird , i 'm trying to think of any situation where you would get those three people in a room together , especially without other randoms . 
  also , there 's a comment that in the uk you 'll have some guy walk straight up to you and demand your stuff , possibly at knife point , where as in europe you 'll get it stolen without you ever realising . 
  such criminal cultural differences , no ? 
  you 're aware that just because one in five do n't speak english as a first language , does n't mean that 20 % all speak the same language as a first language . 
  that includes * every * other language , from german , to hindi , to chinese , to russian to welsh , to cornish to irish . 
  so english well never become second language , because there is no credible other language to overtake it . 
  and secondly its ridiculous to claim to claim that english will stop the being the sole dominant language simply because the numbers do not add up . 
  one in five speak english as a second language after decades of indian migration from the former empire , eu migration and just further immigration from elsewhere . 
  and after several generations ( often less ) english does become the dominant language of that family . 
  it 's only new immigrants and the children of new first generation immigrations who do n't speak english natively , but generations born once their family is more established do speak english natively . 
  english is not in danger , not at all . 
  i do n't see what ethnicity has to do with culture ? 
  they 're in the school to learn how to be members of english society , just like everybody else . 
  no culture being displaced there .
