  the quality of life in the uk is excellent by international standards and even by eu standards . 
  maybe the uk has gotten as good as it can get , and maybe it will stay this way . 
  i see no reason why the rest of western europe would n't be in a similar situation as well . 
  it really does make you realise how much the commission is a sort of central government of the eu countries , what with the way all of these countries mobilised and allowed themselves to be directed by the eu . 
  it really reminds me of how national emergency services work . 
  how the forces move around where they 're needed , just like is happening here . 
  it also , seems to be working well . 
  at least in this instance . 
  prick is a rather strong word for someone you merely know . 
  save the complicated grammar tangents for people who 's native language it is . 
  `` view the universe '' it 's a common expression . 
  there are no onlookers here . 
  they all dried up several posts ago . 
  there is no one to win over . 
  it 's just you and me . 
  my goals are not to convince other people . 
  i do not know what my goals here are . 
  also , save the subject object grammar stuff for native speakers as well `` i do not piss people off . 
  you are pissed off '' . 
  i also never implied that you said glorious master race . 
  so you 're also projecting onto my that i implied something , which i did not . 
  i 'll save the discussion about why i hate you to the psychologists also . 
  good night . 
  i 'm done here . 
   that 's your little defense mechanism . 
  it 's not my defence mechanism . 
  i 've been proven wrong before . 
  i 've been proven wrong in person . 
  i did n't feel angry about it . 
  i did n't feel hateful about it . 
  i feel hatred towards you . 
  i hate your beliefs . 
  i hate the way you argue them . 
  i hate the way you are . 
  somehow you , personally , get under my skin . 
  i hate that you just do not fucking give up and you twist things and you alter them and you always act under the premise that you 're some how intellectually superior . 
  you 're a fucking prick . 
  i do not accept that the debate has been won or lost and definitely not that you have won it . 
  i do n't believe the universe to be so simple , but you have this stupid and overly simplistic way of viewing the universe . 
  angering people is not a sign of weakness in them or a sign of strength in you . 
  it 's a sign that you piss people the hell off . 
  that 's not something noble . 
  that 's not something to be proud of . 
  that just you being a dick . 
  it is what it is . 
  i do n't want to talk about this anymore . 
  i do not accept that you are right . 
  i do accept that immigrants , on average , do more crime than the glorious master race that is the native inhabitants . 
  i think that there are alter factors not linked to race as to why immigrants cause more crime . 
  good day . 
  you 're fucking dickish freud , you know that ? 
  you said majority . 
  that means half + one . 
  is half + one of the crime in any of these countries caused by immigrants ? 
  you 're fucking wrong . 
  do n't try and change what you said . 
  you used stupid fucking hyperbole and it was wrong . 
  you 're distorting the facts and acting as if you 're right . 
  you 're a fucking cunt and i hate you . 
  i hate what you believe in and i hate the way you push your ideas . 
  you said majority . 
  majority has bloody definition . 
  you 're statements are empirically wrong . 
  that 's also interesting because it puts sweden in second and denmark in third ( respectively ) . 
  i was expecting to find sweden and denmark paying their ceos some of the least . 
  quite interesting . 
  these sources broadly claim that your statement was wrong . 
   it was reported in 2007 that more than one-fifth of solved crimes in london was committed by immigrants . 
  around a third of all solved , reported sex offences and a half of all solved , reported frauds in the capital were carried out by non-british citizens . 
  [ 38 ] a 2008 study found that the crime rate of eastern european immigrants was the same as that of the indigenous population . 
  one fifth of crimes in london were caused by immigrants . 
  that 's 20 % . 
  20 % is less than 50 % . 
  so , at least in london , most crime is not caused by immigrants . 
  and  immigrants behind 25 % of swedish crime so , that means 75 % of crime was committed by swedes . 
  that is far less than a majority . 
  just btw , majority means : 50 % + 1 . 
  it 's almost like we 're agreeing  i do genuinely think that rape is under reported in all the countries mentioned . 
  i think it is under reported in all countries , including sweden . 
  i just think sweden and other scandinavian countries are marginally better at reporting it ( to the authorities ) than other countries like romania , poland , ect . 
  ***  as a result , even if sweden has high rape statistics , that does n't mean it is reporting properly , quite the contrary , it could also mean that these statistics are much higher , or , it could also mean that the media does not always report these cases . 
  however , with this bit , all i can say is that i do n't really believe you . 
   i can assure you , an immigrant raping someone in let 's say ... hungary ? 
  or even a foreigner for that reason , not even to mention a gang of them , raping someone , especially a pre-teen girl . 
  that would cause a damn riot if it were to be `` left out '' by the media . 
  correlation does not equal connection . 
   you are trying to explain something by confusing the shit out of anyone . 
  it 's actually more simple than that : `` there are a lot of rapes '' is actually relative to something . 
  it 's relative to all the other rape statistics in europe . 
  how did you go about assuming it 's not relative to anything ? 
  well i 'm sorry you do n't understand english as well as i do . 
  i 've used the exact same phrase to other native english speakers and it 's perfectly comprehensible , and even quite informative . 
  like i said , it 's a nuance . 
  i did n't think to dumb down my language before writing , as if it comes naturally . 
  also , you seem to be trying to simplify this down . 
  some things should not be simplified and this is one of them . 
  do n't try and make some rape in sweden = bad rape in romania = good comparison . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  two countries can very rarely be held up against each other and then make a simple comparison . 
   and of course , the criticism towards romania will come , because of course , we have a lot of pocket theives , so we might as well have higher crime than anyone else , rape one another and the police is there just for shows .
