  is having bad eye sight a natural part of being human ? 
  or is it a deficiency which should be written out ? 
  is suffering from dwarfism a disability , or just part of your character ? 
  if someone was going to be born with a serious visual problem , so much so that it would cause undue psychologic trauma throughout their life ( let 's say they would be born with a mouth on their forehead ) should that be treated in order to prevent psychological trauma ? 
  the whole question is a huge minefield . 
  if the abortion debate is difficult , this one will blow it out of the water . 
  i think i 've made my case quite clearly . 
  if you have specific concerns , please feel free to make them . 
  this is more of a / r/trueaskreddit or / r/changemyview typed question . 
  i 've got no problem with it being discussed here , but it should be remembered that we are talking about a largely theoretically question , rather than something which has reached a point where it would be appropriate to be making serious legislation no the topic . 
  it 's not a question like , how does one feel about further integration ( or even federalisation ) of the eu , how do you feel about scottish/catalonian independence , what should we do about russia , ect . 
  those two have a common language ? 
  or russia could fuck off and let ukraine make its own decisions . 
  either ukraine loses crimea ( and potentially the eastern regions as well ) and pursues an independent foreign policy , which would likely include association and eventual membership of the eu and nato * or * crimea and the eastern regions are definitively returned to crimea , and ukraine agrees constitutional neutrality , or maybe federalisation . 
  he makes no such pledge . 
  ukraine 's new president is only quoted * in two paragraphs * and neither quite seems to pledge that ukraine will be re-invading crimea any time soon . 
   `` there can be no trade-off about crimea and about the european choice and about the governmental system , '' poroshenko said . 
  `` all other things can be negotiated and discussed at the negotiation table . 
  any attempts at internal or external enslavement of ukraine will meet with resolute resistance . '', 
   poroshenko called to '' settle our relations with russia , '' but said that crimea , which was annexed by russia this spring `` was , is , and will be ukrainian soil . '', 
  all he is saying is that he does no recognise the russian occupation and there is no way to make him , or to make ukraine . 
  he is not pledging to do anything either vague or specific about ukraine being occupied by russia . 
  all he is doing is making a pledge never to recognise any sovereignty over crimea , except for ukraine 's . 
  this headline is about 90 & bullshit . 
  i think that clears most things up  it 's just for the mit-harvard site though , rather than counting other online accreditation sites in general ? 
  in that case , the only other bits of information which would be nice to see , as a supplement , is the usa and canada broken down by state/province/commonwealth and what the results for some of the other sites are . 
  just out of personal interest , any idea how respected these certificates are ? 
  like , if got one , would an employer or university take them as seriously as a degree , or maybe just an extra degree module ? 
  so what exactly am i looking at ? 
  judging from the other comments edx courses are something to do with these new online lectures which a lot of big name universities have started producing ? 
  what happened ? 
  i did n't know that they had coloured news broadcasts so early . 
  i 'm also surprised how little the bbc broadcaster accent has changed over time . 
  it 's basically exactly the same today, 
  i do n't think russia will step down in a big showy `` we 're sorry !, 
  we were wrong ! '', 
  kind of way , but what matters is what happens in reality , rather than on stage . 
  these kinds of covert deals are far from unprecedented . 
  and i highly suspect he 'll agree to a compromise behind closed doors which will lead to a covert dousing of the rebel 's flame . 
  we do n't really know anything solid about he rebels , but looking at those pew polls from not so long ago , it 's pretty clear that there was n't support for this huge militia which rose up , which means they must have come from outside . 
  looking at the weapons they were using and the senior figures in the russian armed forces that kept popping up , i 'd say they are pretty dependent on russian support . 
  their end goal was basically to become part of russia anyway , and if that option closes itself off , then their * raison d'\u00e9tre * becomes pretty weak . 
  they 'd likely take advantage of poroshenko 's ` right of passage ' back to russia , somehow . 
  i agree that the rebels wont change their minds based solely on what the ukrainians do . 
  poroshenko 's comment about ` rebels with blood on their hands ' could likely apply to the rebel leadership . 
  but what i think is really important , is that russia might be faltering . 
  the second round of sanctions are in place and the fear of more has sent russian markets and the russian economy into a downwards spiral . 
  obama has given an ultimatum that the third round will come into effect if putin does not engage with the new kiev government after one month and putin already asked the rebels to slow down and stop on certain issues ( which they did n't listen to ) . 
  i think this last point illustrates a certain level of apprehensiveness on his part . 
  i think russia would jump at the opportunity to drop this situation . 
  i do n't imagine that they intended for it to be playing out for so long or be so expensive or have yielded so few results for the russians . 
  if russian support for the rebels is withdrawn , they 'll likely fall apart before the ukrainian forces have a chance to finish the fight . 
  so , this is why i think poroshenko 's speech could be the beginning of the end of the conflict . 
  it all hinges on how the russians respond . 
  i think the really interesting thing here , is that he is said he is will to make concessions . 
  here 's what they are :  mr poroshenko , the owner of the roshen chocolates group , took the oath of office and laid out a programme for ending the crisis that included an offer of early regional elections in the east and a decentralisation of power to the regional administrations . 
   mr poroshenko called on separatists in the east to lay down their arms , saying he would guarantee indemnity from criminal charges to all those who did not have blood on their hands . 
   but he added : `` talking to gangsters and killers is not our path . '', 
   the bbc 's david stern in kiev says part of the speech was in russian - directed at those in strife-torn donbass - and offered concessions on russian language and a corridor for russian fighters to return home . 
  so , ukraine 's position since yanukovych left power has been to : associate with the eu and maybe work towards membership , maintain control of all of their territory , remove russia armed forces from their territory ( both in crimea and the east ) . 
  russia 's position has been to maintain ukraine as an ally ( satellite state ) or at the very least a neutral partner . 
  this might be achieved through introducing a federal system so that the central government of ukraine becomes too weak to make serious foreign policy decisions ( like choosing between the eu and russia ) . 
  poroshenko has made clear that most separatists will not be charged , and russian armed forces can leave ukraine without fear . 
  he believe crimea should still be part of ukraine , but he is willing to give the eastern regions some autonomy . 
  the autonomy point looks like it alludes to russia 's long term demand for decentralisation of power , but also site steps the major problem with that decentralising , which is that it would have made ukraine too weak to make foreign policy decisions . 
  crimea would naturally , return to its previous state of regional independence . 
  poroshenko 's move on the ukrainian language law is also progress in easing some of the eastern rebel 's alleged concerns . 
  tl ; dr seems like a good half way house between what ukraine and russia want . 
  compromise is the only way out of these kinds of situations , and i am very glad to see it happening . 
  now let 's wait and see what russia and the rebels do . 
  whilst the prospect of juncker dropping out of the commission race is a very interesting prospect , the telegraph is protecting its source on this one and without knowing more about the person saying this , it is really more conjecture than news . 
  the two reporters are n't even referring to this source as a member of juncker 's party , but as a diplomatic source . 
  if that is the best the telegraph could do to try and make it sounds like this source is somewhat relevant , then this is probably more than school yard gossip . 
  the article has one interesting point about merkel 's reluctance to indorse juncker , noting her failure to ` personally ' endorse him , which could and possibly has led to a disconnection between the parliament and council , but that probably wo n't have such an immediate effect on juncker . 
  with the level of information we 've got at the moment , bob , who lives down the road , could say something and relate it to current affairs and it would be about as substantiated as this is . 
  have you spotted obama yet ? 
  i do n't think scottish nationalism is racism . 
  i think that sometimes the justification for it is quite heavily based on prejudice , but that is in the minority of cases . 
  i think on the whole nationalism is distrusted for historic reasons , but scottish nationalism is probably a much better form of nationalism than american , given that scotland 's is all about how much more equal and progressive you and , where as america it 's about being more dominant than anyone else, 
  i voted the same way in 2005 and 2010 , yet got different results ; i should leave the uk . 
  it 's not about whether you changed the result of one election or another . 
  it 's about whether scotland is an distinctly different group and whether that group 's interests would be better served in the medium and long terms by independence . 
  attack is such a strong word ... what about , a strategic defence initiative ? 
  i 'm liking the french title  also , 6 out of the top ten cleanest cities are in the uk ? 
  i would n't have expected it . 
  and what city is cluj-napoca ? 
  pre-emptive self defensive . 
  we executed all of them so that they would n't threaten us in future . 
  what i do n't understand , is what the actual difference between ukip and the front national is . 
  apparently britons think that the fn is racist , but surely the uk pulbic think ukip is just as racist . 
  are there actually any real differences , or is it just farage having someone to point to and shout racist which makes him look comparatively less racist ? 
  i think it gives the message that the far right give no coherent alternative to the current centre . 
  you see far right groupings all over europe who are against european integration , but they are all against it for different reasons and offer different solutions and alternatives to the problem . 
  very few hardline eurosceptic parties ( from alliance of freedom and democracy , to the national front , to jobbik and golden dawn ) will agree to associate with one another , to the point where it 's looking like non of them are going to be able to form a grouping . 
  if they offered a coherent solution then we could see that the problems which caused them are solvable , but seeing as the they do n't it is pretty clear that this is a simple populist response who 's only goal is to tell the electorate exactly what they want to hear , pocket the money and fame in the short term , and happily leave once they 've facilitated in the damages they 've caused . 
  the plot thickens, 
  the important thing is `` if we 'd started it '' , because we just would n't have . 
  it was n't until 1963 that the united kingdom started to incorporate itself into these sorts of things ( i 'm thinking of the nuclear test ban treating which brought all of the nuclear powers into a period of d\u00e9tente , rather than the uk joining the ec , although both are good examples . 
  when d\u00e9tente ended the europeans continued with it , whilst the british joined in with the americans like carter and reagan to undermine the agreements which had been made through compromise . 
  we 'll join in on a project when we see we 're losing out , but we would have never made an organisation ourselves which would bind us and give us no special rights over the whole thing,
