  does it look like i go around saying how great britain is for winning wwii all the time ? 
  am i personally going around and doing that ? 
  then why the hell does it matter what other british people do . 
  i 'm my own person . 
  you can either engage with what i have to say as an individual or treat me as a caricature of all british people , which makes your response utterly pointless and meaningless . 
  and also criminalising irish individuals who chose to sign up and fight with the british army against germany who have still not been forgiven by ireland even today . 
  were there example of cooperation between ireland and the allies : yes . 
  were the officially neutral and holding back from fighting hitler as well as any ethical state should : also yes . 
  oh my god would you stop pigeon-holing people . 
  in virtually every other thread i get criticised for ` hating britain ' because i think the atrocities of the empire should be taught in school and now you 're seriously accusing me of the opposite ? 
  stop with this stupid pigeon holing and engage with what i am saying , not a caricature that you 've imagined . 
  ireland did n't need a strong military . 
  the least they could have done is alow their own citizens to fight in the british army against the nazis . 
  but instead irish war veterans who took that route are still criminalised . 
  ireland held back the fight against the nazis . 
  if they had actually helped ( rather than being neutral and thereby tacitly accepting them ) who knows how many lives would have been saved by a more swift over throw of the regime . 
  they criminalised any irish citizen which joined the british army . 
  they were actively holding back the fight against hitler . 
  did the irish have good reasons to do this ? 
  of course . 
  they did n't want to become a target of the nazis . 
  but that does n't admonish it . 
  okay , let 's look the countries in turn , shall we ? 
  * france , netherlands , belgium , denmark : resisted the nazis for some time and then co-operated , especially in southern france where the vichy government headed by petain did the nazis ' bidding ( including the rounding up of jews ) . 
  * either norway or sweden ( ca n't remember which ) : did n't even surrender but co-operated outright . 
  * italy , germany , romania : were responsible for the whole thing * ireland , spain , switzerland and portugal : stood idly by and let the whole thing happen . 
  * ussr : collaborated ( partition of poland ) . 
  almost every country in europe is some how incriminated . 
  the only countries which actively resisted fascism from the beginning till the end were the greeks and the british . 
  the british union of fascists was banned by the british government very early in the war . 
  what 's more , the buf never actually did anything wrong . 
  they never actually collaborated with the nazis . 
  they were very sympathetic , yes . 
  but they did n't collaborate . 
  the british government banned it before collaboration could take place as a precautionary measure . 
  the uk 's fairly clean record in world war two is one of the things which has contributed to the uk 's reluctance towards the european projects . 
  there 's a correlation between how pro europe a country is and how much shame they have for their role in world war two ( with germany having the most of both , the uk having the least and the scandinavian countries being somewhere in the middle ) . 
  the uk ? 
  so you want to continuously miseducate people so that they have the same views as you ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's not education . 
  that 's indoctrination . 
  if the british empire has done more good than bad then you should teach the good * and * the bad , and people will naturally come to the same conclusion . 
  if the british empire is so good , why do you need to hide the bad that it 's done ? 
  education is about providing people with knowledge so that they can become better human beings . 
  education is * not * about indoctrinating and manipulating people into becoming ` patriotic ' . 
  if nationalism is so great , let them choose it freely . 
  it 's the job of the education system to * educate * people . 
  the immense suffering which the british empire caused and its lasting impacts today are hugely important . 
  british pupils should be taught it and then they can come to their own conclusions . 
  not really . 
  nazi party was already quite successful in elections by 1925 . 
  tony blair , perhaps ? 
  margarete vestager ( former pm of denmark and now eu competition commissioner ) is also good . 
  donald tusk was former pm ( or was he president ? ), 
  of poland and is now president of the european council , so maybe he would have been better placed . 
  then why do n't you link to them ? 
  or maybe it 's because greece fears turkey ? 
  or if you want to accuse the german government of coordinated corruption without any evidence that 's cool too . 
  they 're afraid of turkey . 
  yes , turkey and greece are both in nato so that does n't make sense right ? 
  surely the greeks and turks would realise they have more in common than in contrast . 
  well that does n't stop them . 
  greece 's defence spending historically matches that of turkey in order to protect against any potential invasion of greek islands . 
  iirc before cyprus was occupied the greeks had become lax about defence spending . 
  that country is still divided to this day and the greeks have never let their guard down since . 
  the uk did n't have a referendum on joining ( in 1973 ) . 
  we did have a [ referendum on leaving in 1975 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975 ) , though . 
  -- also , i find it really interesting comparing the pro/anti votes from [ 1975 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975#/media/file:united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975_results.png ) with what [ current polling suggests ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/yougov-8545/ ) . 
  it 's almost completely been reversed . 
  north yorkshire used to be avidly pro , but is now moderately anti , whilst scotland used to be more sceptic than the rest of the country but now is the most pro part of the country ( sans northern ireland which is n't shown on this map ) . 
  the eu only introduces bans when the free market does not naturally produce the desired results . 
  there are instances where company 's end up in a natural cartel and you need state regulation to ensure the marker continues to operate . 
  it 's things like this which ensure that the eu consistently has the world 's highest consumer standards . 
  to be fair , i think eu taxes would solve a lot problems . 
  it would help end corporate tax evasion in the eu for a start , as well as avoiding a ` race to the bottom ' of tax rates . 
  surely labour and this social democratic party are the same thing ? 
  i mean labour in the uk is a member of the european parliament 's social democratic block , so it would make sense that irish labour is too . 
  so ff and fg are the big two ? 
  what do they stand for ? 
  left wing right wing ? 
  pro/anti catholicism ? 
  also , how are the greens doing in ireland generally ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  she endorsed trump , not rubio . 
  please , can somebody give a brief run down of who 's who ? 
  which party previously formed the government ? 
  what policies did they stand for ? 
  what was their stance on the civil war ? 
  who are the other people , and what do they stand for ? 
  i think it taking days is more to do with coalition building , no ? 
  the vote count does n't take that long . 
  it does take longer to count the votes because they sometimes have to do multiple counts because it has instant run-off ( i.e. 
  you rank the candidates in order of preference , and if there 's no clear winner the least popular candidate gets eliminate and their votes redistributed and recounted until a candidate has enough to secure the seat ) . 
  but you still know most of the picture by the next morning . 
  the coalitions are what take forever . 
  apart from the immigration argument is even more stupid . 
  at least the sovereignty argument makes sense . 
  it 's silly as well because it focuses on ` sovereign fundamentalism ' where sovereignty is treated above all other values . 
  but at least i can understand that .
