  i 'd rather put up with a few adds and even a few too many ads in websites like this than see some of the great creative content disappear, 
  we 've ear marked about three mods from outside the subreddit to bring in and we 're opening an application panel soon for members of the community to apply to become moderators, 
  and this problem should be fixed without stealing people 's private savings . 
  individuals paid into those pensions for their retirement , so they have something to live off in old age . 
  you should n't be allowed to just change that after they 've already been paying into the system . 
  the way pensions are set up in italy and elsewhere , government pensions are provided for by individuals private contributions . 
  that means it 's not ok to take from them . 
  it would be like taking money straight out of your personal bank account . 
  it seems like a really good thing italy has these constitutional restrictions in place, 
  what sort of things did you have in mind ? 
  thing is , strauss kahn has n't been deliberately avoiding prosecution in a south american embassy for years . 
  if the claims are so fake , why does he need to hide ? 
  he should stand trial and prove his innocence, 
  even if it is , he should stand trial . 
  it 's pretty unreasonable to expect them to go to the authorities straight away . 
  you would n't expect them to go straight to the authorities if they were in an abusive relationship . 
  partners in such relationships often go years before seeking prosecution . 
  that does n't mean that we should just forget about what happened because they continued to be part of a toxic relationship after the initial rape . 
  this has been removed . 
  tbf germans also use other words like b\u00fccherei from time to time . 
  the bochum public library was called a b\u00fccherei . 
  a ) that website is awful . 
  it had about 3 different pop up adds that i had to close , without even considering the awful layout itself . 
  b ) the guy is n't really proposing that the esa built a moon base . 
  he 's saying that the international community should after the international space station is finished . 
  so he 's just recommending something he has no intention of actually doing . 
  can people stop responding to everybody else 's comments with snide remarks about their nationality ? 
  i know you , / u/neasden93 , did n't mean anything by it , but about half the replies to any comment i make for quite a while now have been `` yeah , but you ca n't speak because of something that british people did '' or `` oh naturally you would think that , because you 're british '' or `` typical british people , not understanding '' et cetera , et cetera . 
  i 'm my own person , and so is everybody else . 
  i consider myself first and foremost a european , yet everyone is determined to see everybody else in the prism of their nationality . 
  it 's just annoying and unconstructive . 
  i just needed to get that off my chest . 
  people can do whatever they want . 
  that does n't mean they should . 
  i could fill my house with swastikas and do the siegheil , but it would be pretty morally questionable if i did . 
  i 'm not forcing anybody to do anything . 
  i 'm just saying what i think they morally should do . 
  i also think it 's pretty pessimistic to say that good and evil are entirely relative . 
  i 'm a bit old fashioned in that i belief some things are just wrong and you should n't do them . 
  but that 's a very long debate that 'll probably have to wait for another time . . 
  i think whether something is legal or illegal is a rather moot point when consider whether something * should * be done or not . 
  it 's sort of a moral and philosophical question . 
  is it right to respect these historical characters and their records . 
  when you determine if that 's correct or not , then you deal with the modern reality . 
  it may be illegal at the moment to remove these statues because of the german-soviet neighbourship treaty , but if we determine that it is appropriate to remove them , then we can start to try and remove the legal restrictions in order to achieve that end . 
  i think there 's a difference between remembering your country 's heritage and history , and allowing monuments to that history to stand . 
  for instance , hitler is a big part of german history and german heritage , but it would be totally unreasonable for them to keep statues of him up . 
  the germans absolutely should know about this history , and come to terms with it , and they do ( vergangenheitsbewaltigung , usw . ) . 
  but they should n't honour that history . 
  i think being anti-immigration has become heavily associated with the far right these days , but people should remember that the initial opposition to the european union and increased internationalism in europe mostly came from the left , not the right . 
  people seem to forget that . 
  i mean , in the uk it was the labour party ( social democrats ) that had a referendum on leaving the eu , and who consistently argued for cutting immigration . 
  xenophobia is a thing unto itself . 
  it 's not right or left : just wrong . 
  for those who are lazy : the reason this has come up is because 14 french soldiers were sent to central africa as peace keepers after a military coup . 
  they 've allegedly abused children . 
  whilst it would be great to see a source on the number of rapes committed by german soldiers in countries that were invaded by the germans ( well , not great , but useful information ) , just because two of your relatives who happened to live there were n't raped , does n't mean that it was n't common place . 
  i mean , there were over a hundred million people on the eastern front . 
  no matter how bad the raping was , i do n't think anybody is claiming that literally everyone woman was raped . 
  even if he 's not officially leader , he 's gon na be in charge just by virtue of the deference all the other snp mps will give him . 
  it 's like how the queens technically in charge or everything but really her prime minister takes all the decisions, 
  so essentially denmark wants its banks to be overseen by the european central bank and for the ecb to have powers over it 's banks . 
  what are the positives for denmark in this scenario ? 
  for the eurozone countries it provided stability in a crisis situation and deals with imbalances that are n't acceptable when two nations share a currency , but denmark is neither in crisis nor is it likely to be soon , nor does it share a currency ( apart from having a fixed exchange rate ) . 
  it 's very unusual . 
  alex salmond is standing for election to westminster this time around and would become westminster leader , which would mean he 'd be the one doing the coalition deals, 
  i think that 's a bit disingenuous . 
  a turkish german would describe themselves as turkish if they were talking to a white german who could trace their ancestry back to a village in hessen for the past three hundred years . 
  but i 've met turks who have german citizenship outside of germany and they have described themselves as germans . 
  which they are . 
  it 's like when i am talking to another british person i say i am a yorkshire folk . 
  when i am talking to another european i describe myself as british and when i talk to someone from outside of europe i describe myself as european . 
  a lot of people say the same thing about the british grand national ( most famous horse race in the uk ) . 
  people like it until they go and see it , and they can stare the horses in the eye and see how terrified they are . 
  and when you see a horse getting put down in the middle of the field . 
  it can be a very dramatic experience . 
  in courses landaises and courses camarguaises , does the bull die at the end like in the spanish corridas , or does it live ? 
  if it stays alive and is n't tortured horribly in some other way , that seems quite nice . 
  if it a it reckless . 
   yes but nobody puts up jack and jill in art gallery and uses it as a standard to judge other works . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at here . 
  but regarding the rest of what you say : yes . 
  some art work is bad . 
  but stop defining art by using examples of works that you do n't like . 
  it 's a hugely diverse field . 
  for every work which you can spend hours on and find hardly a modicum of meaning , there are much more direct pieces from different strand of the art world which are worth more . 
  additionally , difficulty to understand should not be a barrier . 
  even complex art pieces do n't require as much time to understand as an adam sandler film . 
  it 's just that you have to sit there and think about it , rather than being spoon fed it like you are in a film . 
  art usually provides a diverse array of interesting questions and answers , where as a film will go for two hours and slap one big moral answer across the screen . 
  modern art as found in galleries is a whole lot more diverse and , yes , more difficult to get into . 
  but that 's not a point against it . 
  it 's not meant to be entertaining . 
  it 's meant to be enlightening . 
  yes , it would be great if it did that in an entertaining way , but , you know what ? , that 's not the main goal of art . 
  films are great . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not . 
  but if you 're going to judge art by using film 's standards ( or any other medium ) then you should be prepared to judge film using art 's standards . 
  it depends what art you look at . 
  most films are crap .
