  so discrimination against women is okay , but discrimination against mysogynists is n't ? 
  just in response to your edit , i wanted to say that one of my favourite phrases is this : `` freedom of speech means freedom to say anything . 
  it does n't mean you 're free from the consequences your speech '', 
  i do n't think many people are gon na be seriously offended by giving finger prints in as part of the asylum procedure . 
  i 'm considered relatively extreme in that i think we should be taking in many more refugees than we are currently . 
  but i also think that we should do so responsibly . 
  that means : providing them with the means to integrate into their local communities , such as reasonable accommodation , skills-training + general education and a basic income if they do n't have a job ; and ensuring that we can adequately prosecute them if/when they commit crimes . 
  this is n't an outlandish view , and i think it 's something that perhaps a majority of europeans even agree with . 
  i do n't think anybody wants literally uncontrolled immigration . 
  even people who want 100 % open borders ( i 'm not one of them ) want proper documentation , for statistical purposes at the very least . 
  -- so no , even ` extremists ' like myself are n't gon na be against finger printing asylum seekers . 
  we 've got to be compassionate , follow our obligations under international law but also do so responsible . 
  logic without compassion is baron , but compassion without logic is dangerous . 
  we can do both . 
  translation ? 
  this is what google translate said ( and it 's shit ) . 
   police sources have said that the perpetrator is linked to the tides , we linked to applications in galicia , although these sources have not specified the degree of relationship or have not provided any information about his alleged involvement . 
  our sources have denied that there is this relationship between the young and the tides . 
  the detainee may be accused of attack on the authority . 
  the thing which will always get in the way of our ability to hate those from other countries : hating people in our own countries !, 
  it 's actually the same in that uk as well . 
  in a nuclear family of the past , the man would go out to work and therefore vote for the left wing labour party , whilst the wife would stay at home worrying about children , society and things like that , so would vote conservative . 
  a lot of that still persists, 
  sounds to me like a problem of implementation rather than principle . 
  this just shows that poland implemented it badly , allowing easily for companies to circumvent the legislation , rather than that the idea itself is bad . 
  interestingly , there 's a concept which gets bandied around a lot in the uk called ` english votes for english laws ' ( which is likely going to be implemented some point soon ) . 
  the idea being that the scottish , welsh , northern irish and * english * ( who are by far the majority ) will all elected mps to parliament . 
  but wales , scotland and northern ireland all have devolved institutions , with separate elections which vote on their own laws in specific areas ( e.g. 
  public health , education ) . 
  this means that the uk parliament ca n't determine the law on matters which are devolved to scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  however , mps from scotland , wales and northern ireland can vote on the law which effects england , despite english mps not being able to do the same to the scottish , etc. . 
  the solution to this is english votes for english laws , where scottish , etc. 
  mps are not allowed to vote on laws which do not effect their own constituencies ( i.e. 
  constituencies which are have a devolved parliament ) . 
  -- this would make a lot of sense to adopt at a european union level , seeing as there are lots of different eu member states , all of which are integrated to different levels . 
  like it or not , the multi-speed europe is a reality . 
  there 's countries who 're in the eurozone , countries who 're not but are going to be and countries who are n't and are never going to be . 
  there ' c countries which are members of the no-borders zone ( schengen ) , and others who are not . 
  there 's ones which are fully signed up to police integration , and some which are not . 
  it makes so much sense to only allow meps in the european parliament to vote on legislation which would actually effect their constituencies . 
  this way , we could keep the principle of the european parliament , where all meps from all of europe can discuss things , and where the hub of our democracy can be whilst accounting for the reality of a multi-speed europe . 
  the idea of having a separate eurozone parliament is just silly . 
  why not have one parliament for every eu treaty ? 
  it 's a waste . 
  it makes sense to have all the meps/elected representatives be the same people , responsible to their constituency across all of the eu level decisions . 
  as somebody who lives around rotherham , i think you 're vastly overplaying the relevance of political correctness and underplaying general corruptness and incompetence . 
  political correctness did play a role , but you have to remember that the south yorkshire police force has the worst reputation in the entirety of the united kingdom . 
  it is not only negligent for the child sexual abuses in rotherham , but also for the battle of orgreave and the hillsborough disaster . 
  all three of these tragic incidences are ongoing scandals which have not been solved , and the victims continue to seek justice for all of them , despite some of them happening over 20 years ago . 
  those same incompetent officers continue to work for the same police force . 
  even if he does not do well at national elections , it is still quite interesting that he was elected as leader of the labour party in the first place . 
  remember in 2010 that ed miliband , one of the moderate candidates , won the labour leadership contest against more hard left figures like diane abbot . 
  and yes , he did beat diane abbot in terms of the overall membership votes as well as the trade union votes . 
  now ? 
  that labour party voted overwhelming for a hard left candidate . 
  that 's something that could have happened five years ago but did n't . 
  it 's a demonstration that a certain portion of the population is becoming more extremist in their views . 
  we 'll have to wait and see if it spreads . 
  edit : just if you look [ here ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstagswahl_1920 ) , you can see how the kpd ( communists ) went from getting about 2 % of the votes in their first year , followed by more than 15 % at the next election , and then hovering around that number for the rest of the period . 
  only 15 % of the population voted communist . 
  but combined with an ever increasing vote share of the nsdp on the far right , it contributed to the collapse of the weimar republic, 
  you may well be correct . 
  i 'm not enough of an expert on the united nations to affirm or deny . 
  what i would say is that it makes sense to me . 
  the western powers have been talking of co-operation with putin ( who is pro-assad ) against daesh , so it would n't surprise me if the west has given up hope of protecting the syrian people from their dictator . 
  i think it 's got more to do with the parallels of europe today and germany in the 1920s . 
  specifically , that unemployment , a sense of economic crisis and political instability , and fear led voters over a 10 year period to vote for increasingly radical parties . 
  in the uk today you can see this with the rise of jeremy corbyn and ukip , whilst in the german weimar republic it was the communist party ( die kommunistische partei deutschland ) , kpd and the national socialist german workers party ( nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiter partei , nsdap ) . 
  these parties generally blame all of society 's problems on the current politicians , and also minority groups ( e.g. 
  [ dolchsto\u00dflegende ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/dolchsto%c3%9flegende ) ) . 
  as the perception of instability continues individuals flock to these radical parties to try and restore a perception of security , despite the alternative these parties offer being vague as to how it would achieve stability . 
  it 's worth noting as well that the european union is a relatively new organisation , just like the weimar republic of germany was when the nazis took over . 
  what i 'm trying to say , is that it 's hard * not * to see parallels between the 1920s/30s and now . 
  i 'm not saying that means we should ignore the discontent , but we should learn the lessons from the past and try and find a new solution which will actually make our things better , rather than just blindly jumping into the unknown and being shocked when we find we jumped off a cliff . 
   the un resolution is n't what makes it legal , the required resolution would be a chapter 7 resolution , which the syria resolution was not . 
  the justification for intervention in syria is article 51 of the un charter on the right to self-defense , namely the country of iraq . 
  * wwweeelll * sort of . 
  [ this bbc article has the right of the situation ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34900384 ) . 
   `` all necessary measures '' is ordinarily un code for an authorisation of the use of force . 
   however , in this instance , the resolution was not adopted under chapter vii of the un charter , which permits the security council to authorise enforcement action . 
  nevertheless , instead of collective enforcement action , the resolution opens the door towards a broad reading of unilateral self-defence for all states against is . 
   under the traditionally accepted reading of self-defence in international law , a state hasd to demonstrate that it is threatened by an actual or imminent armed attack . 
  forcible retaliation after the event , or action against a threat that may or may not materialise in the future , is precluded . 
   it is difficult to make out a case for imminence in relation to invisible terrorist groups - they can strike at any time without warning . 
   now , in an extraordinary determination , and in view of the outrages committed in sousse , ankara , beirut , over the sinai and in paris , the council found that is has the intention and capacity to launch further attacks on a continuous basis . 
   accordingly , all states are deemed to be under imminent threat and self-defence is available without the requirement to make out a further case , permitting immediate action against is in iraq and syria . 
  it 's not the ordinary procedure , but it still justifies intervention in syria . 
  this is n't just a theoretical reading of the situation , either . 
  when the result was announced bbc radio 4 had some un expert talking and he cited two or three instanced where `` all necessary measures '' have been sanctioned by the un without using chapter 7 , and justifying war like in syria now . 
  unfortunately i ca n't remember what those examples were and i ca n't find the bbc radio four broadcast either . 
  would you care to name a single , specific human right which you find excessive ? 
  only these ` fair access ' contracts usually do n't work . 
  we do stuff like this in the uk for our trains and buses and it just leads to services which are much more expensive than state owned predecessors and of much lower quality, 
  i think the point is that the uk is actually degrading its quality of human rights and is likely to take other nations ' quality with it . 
  saudi arabia is already one of the worst countries , so it 's hardly leading a `` charge '' , is it ? 
  i think that a major western country becoming significantly worse at protecting human rights within its borders is cause for concern . 
  not really . 
  it 's worth noting that they say switzerland and the uk are leading in this regard . 
  but the general criticisms they outline are * attempting to withdraw from the european convention on human rights ( it 's worth noting that only one european country is not a part of that convention , which is belarus , also known as the last dictatorship of europe ) . 
  * increasing mass surveillance .
