  however , on a different note , the article always states this  `` it 's all about testing defences and seeing exactly what your ` enemy ' is capable of . '', 
  sky 's correspondent seems to be stipulating that this is likely russia testing britain ( and other countries ' ) military defences . 
  whether the russian plane entered uk airspace or not , it still means that we all have a much better idea of the kinds of responses the uk would take at having its airspace encroached upon . 
  additionally , whilst the plane never entered uk airspace , an raf jet was still scrambled to meet the russian plane and the raf did make the russian plane turn around before it got much closer . 
  it 's not quite the story the headline makes it out to be , but it 's a very interesting event for all sorts of reasons . 
  americans are n't the only people where a noticeable proportion of the population are ignorant of the outside world . 
  out of curiosity , would you say that your statement is true when non-presidential candidates are being interviewed ? 
  i know that presidents and presidential candidates get a huge amount of respect from the journalists , far more than a uk prime minister would ever get , but maybe it 's just a presidential thing rather than a journalistic etiquette thing ? 
  i 'm aware of a lot of the differences between us english and british english , but ohmyword you guys call [ this a biscuit ] ( http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/12/121747/2152272-biscuits.jpg ) ? 
  that 'd be like a [ yum yum ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02383/yum_2383497b.jpg ) ( which are delicious ) or [ some flaky-pastry ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ubzquuhdtz4/thftrl68r6i/aaaaaaaafsw/rsddddbin_8/s1600/p1060869.jpg ) . 
  as a general sidenote : there 's a lot of differences between american and british spellings and pronunciations . 
  i think that a lot of british people are particularly aware of the differences and you 'll often be ribbed a little by whoever you happen to be around if you use americanisms , spellings , pronunciations without a good reason . 
  oh england has the same thing but with scones ( scons ) and scones ( scooons ) and then again between bread cake/bread roll/tea cake and a billion other words for the object . 
  it 's gotten to the point where the debate is so intense i do n't even know what kind of bread objects they 're talking about, 
  that ca n't be it . 
  our newspapers have always been biased to the extreme , but the bbc 's spread into tv news and online news has been relatively recent . 
  it has been doing radio news forever though , but i do n't think radio news has ever earned nearly the number of subscribers as newspapers . 
  so what ever the reason , it predates the bbc . 
  personally i think it might be to do with british social etiquette . 
  this is more true in the past then presently , but it 's often considered very inappropriate to discuss political views explicitly and historically british people would have talked even vaguely about politics a lot less . 
  however , just because something is n't talked about does n't mean people do n't desire to be tuned in , which is where the newspapers come on , to fill in that gab in our lives . 
  that 's my theory anyway . 
  tbf , i agree with / u/frankeh 's point that pmqs is potentially one of the best elements of our democracy . 
  what i do n't like about our democracy is that parliament is seen as completely sovereign and nothing has power over it , or any member of it , apart from under normal civil law ( however , i do like that we mostly have equality before the law ) . 
  during the expenses scandal , mps investigated * themselves * because no other organisation was competent or prominent enough in government hierarchy to question mps about such matters . 
  this obviously leads to incredibly biased results . 
  if we had a constitutional system with a balance of powers then we 'd be in a much better situation . 
  additionally , i hate our two party system . 
  it forces parties to be adversarial and refuse to make any concessions to `` the enemy '' . 
  in multi party democracies with proportional representation , coalitions are extremely frequent which forces parties to be able to compromise and completely removes the adversarial nature of the system and allows a much greater swath of the population to get represented in parliament . 
  in our current system , a majority of the population is ignored . 
  i 'm not saying that they claimed no war occurred . 
  i 'm saying that to claim there was less war post wwii is wrong , as war persisted throughout much of the third world from 1945 to present . 
  i 'm not even saying that i think the european union is the reason no war broke out in europe until the break up of yugoslavia . 
  all i 'm saying is that / u/confederacyforever 's assertions are not backed up by information . 
  i ca n't help but think that the way our mps behave in parliament is largely to do with the voting system ( fptp ) and the way our parliament is laid out ( two sides opposing each other , rather than circular as in most of europe ) . 
  however , this controls how political discursive amongst parties works and therefor how the press work . 
  i ca n't help but dream about what the uk would be like if it had a european style of democracy ... circular debating chambers , proportional electoral systems ( like the party list ) , maybe even a written constitution, 
   the peace is not a result of european integration , after ww2 the situation has generally calmed down , even developing countries attack each other very rarely . 
  i have to disagree with you there . 
  just look at the middle east . 
  iraq alone has engaged with a war with iran , a war with kuwait and later a western alliance , and then later a west alliance again . 
  there have been three separate wars between israel and neighbouring states . 
  there have been two coups d'etat in iran . 
  afghanistan has been invaded by the soviets , then forcefully taken over by the taliban , then taken over by nato . 
  there 's been a near constance civil war in kurdistan at the tricountry border between turkey , iraq and syria for years . 
  these are just the wars i can name of the top of my head in the middle east alone . 
  do n't even get me started on east asia or africa or the endless coups and military dictatorships of south america . 
  all of this in the last 70 years since world war ii war has persisted outside of the western world just as much as it did before world war 2 . 
   they will destroy our national identities and replace it with the constructed european identity . 
  the elites want this , so they could rule us easily and unchecked from brussels , and to easily flood the whole europe with immigrants , which will have many negative effects . 
   so with one european identity in place , everyone will be equally european regardless of ethnic identity , and ethnic identities will be suppressed . 
  our nations will disappear and will become only areas where everyone will be able to move once they will have the eu passport . 
  very interesting and everything , but if this is done consensually/democratically , i 'm not really seeing why it 's dangerous or problematic ? 
  if it 's what the general public wants and produces a preferable outcome for those who live in the eu , what 's the problem ? 
  nation states are a means to achieving the well being of their citizens . 
  if their citizens would have better quality of life by such nation states being abolished ( or subsumed ) into a larger organisation , then that is , surely , what the nation states should do in order to fulfil their purpose . 
  if this is not the objective of a nation state , what is it ? 
  i think german journalism is generally a lot better than anglocentric journalism , save for a few gems . 
  this is n't so much because of political orientation , but i feel like german journalism is a bit more content focused rather than opinion focused like british journalism is . 
  for instance all the big british newspapers will report on all the limit range of major stories , but add their own quite intense wall of bias to it . 
  german papers do this as well , but they will have more analysis which balances out the bias of the newspaper . 
  that 's just my feelings though , and i 'm not quite an expert . 
  maybe those who deal more with german media will have different opinions . 
  she 's unelected , but then so is the entire us cabinet and every single civil servant , but that does n't stop them from doing a good job . 
  also , she seems to have done a pretty good job on the iranian nuclear agreement a year or two ago , as well as with the association agreements to eastern partners like georgia . 
  to claim that she 's made a `` balls up '' of everything she 's ever done is certainly an over statement . 
  even when accounting for the subjectivity of one 's own view , i 'm sure with a proper overview of her time in office i would be able to convince you of at least one partial success . 
  what 's wrong with catherine ashton ? 
  people could also turn the css off for the little reminder . 
  also , removing the downvote button does n't stop people , because you can use the keyboard instead ( a and z keys ) . 
  it 's literally just a more pertinent reminder . 
  additionally , subs like / r/polandball ( i know , i know , should n't link to it ) seem to have retained a majority of their users using the css despite removing the downvote button . 
  i see what you 're saying , but i think british society really over values personality at the moment in politics . 
  it 's a symptom of all three of our parties being essentially the same ideology : pro-market , liberal in someway , somewhat committed to social democracy . 
  everything 's already been agreed upon , apart form the fine print nobody cares about . 
  this means that british politicians from thatcher onwards have had to focus much more on being presentable , rather than having good ideas because all of the big issues have already been settled in the uk . 
  however , in the european parliament and in many european democracies there are still a lot of fundamental issues which need to be solved which is why the politicians focus on those issues , rather then on personality . 
  in the uk as the european elections approach , we should focus on their ideas as well , rather than their personalities . 
  i got given this topic as part of an [ eyp ] ( http://www.eypej.org/ ) project where we had to make resolutions on various pan european issues . 
  there 's two main ways that an eu wide minimum wage can be established , each with their own problems . 
  the first and most obvious is to have a blanket minimum wage across the whole european union , the same way the uk has a uk wide minimum wage . 
  this obviously poses all sorts of problems due to the huge disparity in the costs of living in different eu countries . 
  you 'd end up with italians making thrupence minimum wage and romanians buying mansions ( ok , not that extreme , but you get the picture ) the solution to this problem is to make the minimum wage connect to the cost of living * in your region . 
  it need not necessarily be an entire eu country , but could go down to sub national divisions for which accurate determinations of the costs of living can take place , e.g. 
  the german bundesl\u00e4nder , french departments , and british countries ( and province , and principality ) . 
  however there is still a benefit to the first way . 
  one could see the eu wide living wage as simply a minimum requirement across the whole eu , and then expect memberstates with much much higher costs of living to cater the legislation to their specific circumstances themselves ( iirc this is the model the usa follows ) . 
  this would be a very common eu approach to legislation as the eu does n't usually like to be getting all up in everybody 's business too much . 
  it depends what you really want out of a minimum wage . 
  if you want to ensure all people who work can earn a living wage , then the adjusted minimum wage is a good idea , however , if you merely want * some * basic restrictions on what companies can put their employees through , than the european one-size-fits-all might be more your style . 
  * there is a certain level of flexibility in what you think the cost of living is for a region , depending on what sort of things you think are essential for life in a given country . 
  however , it will also be significantly pinned to the [ basket of goods ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/market_basket ), 
  i think removing it serves basically the same purpose as adding a text fail which says `` are you sure about that ? '' . 
  removing the button on the css will make people stop and think in exactly the same way adding a css text file would . 
  personally i 'd be happy with either reform taking place , even though my preferences are towards removing the clickable button altogether . 
  the damage will be negligible , but enough undo any good that he did by stealing the money, 
  most people wont bother with unchecking subreddit style . 
  i 'm a fan of hiding the downvote button . 
  people usually do n't care enough to go and change it , and the moment where they think where 's the downvote button gone is enough to remind people of subreddit policy on the matter and then not downvote .
