  hello again . 
  this is the exact same link you posted yesterday . 
  if you repost this link again i will be forced to ban you for spamming . 
  please do not submit things from social media sites like facebook . 
  i really think you 're not giving merkel enough credit here . 
  a few announcements were made on her behalf shortly after the crash  berlin government spokesman georg streiter told reporters that mrs merkel considered that rapid eu sanctions against russia were necessary because moscow had shown no interest in investigating the background to the air disaster . 
   government sources said the german leader wanted the initial eu economic sanctions to be imposed against the first russian firms on thursday . 
  germany maintains that the russian secret service agents are running the pro-russian separatist groups in the ukraine and that moscow has failed to use its influence to curb their actions  `` we are unable to conclude that the kremlin is interested in a thorough inquiry , `` said mr streiter . 
   a spokeswoman for the berlin foreign ministry added ; `` russia has promised a great deal but failed to deliver '' . 
  she said berlin 's message to moscow was `` so far but no further '' [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10984858/mh17-plane-crash-latest-news-live.html ) sounds like we 's been the main proponent for furthering sanctions , which sounds like taking the lead to me . 
  doing anything more than sanctions would also be an incredibly risky and potentially counter productive move , so i 'm very glad we 're not pushing for anything more . 
  it really does seem that she is making a measured , yet decisive response . 
  that some * individuals * within a crowd of protestors decided to take things too far and starting causing public damage . 
  those individuals are assholes and deserved to have a brief stint in prison just like the england rioters did , but they 're just that , individuals . 
  obviously anti-semites will always join in on an anti-israel protest and they will try and take advantage of it and distort it to try and act on their prejudices , but just because a few radical extremist assholes are involved does n't mean anything . 
  it means that there are radical anti-semitic assholes in france . 
  is this big news ? 
  this shocks nobody . 
  there are anti-semites in the uk , in the usa , in germany in every country which is famed for its pluralism , its multiculturalism and its acceptance . 
  just because being critical of israel means you have to stand ever so slightly closer to an anti-semite does n't mean you should n't do what is right and say that what israel is doing ( just like what hamas is doing ) is wrong . 
  protests against israel allow the anti-semites to come out of the woodwork . 
  that does n't mean they were n't there before . 
  and that certainly does n't mean that we should n't protest . 
  the german presence in the mod team has been growing , and the rest of the community has been doing little to curtail it ... 
  but have no fear , the british mods shall stand a lone if we have to . 
  we shall fight them in the comments . 
  we shall fight them on the home page . 
  we shall fight them on the front page . 
  and we shall damn well fight them on something-analogous-to the beaches !, 
  # 1945 #churchill #churchlad #wwftotb #oneball, 
  oh gosh , not this again . 
  i highly doubt that anti-semitism is on the rise , and if it is then the rise is negligible . 
  those shops were put in because oportunistic vandals thought they could get away with it , just like in the england riots . 
  there was a real message in the protests which deserved to be heard so let 's not allow a few opportunistic instances of violence get in the way of hearing that message . 
  what is really on the rise is condemnation of israel . 
  you ca n't just shout ` anti-semitism ' every time israel is criticised on entirely legitimate grounds . 
  it 's a way of polarising the debate and stifling dissent . 
  pro-israelis and zionists needs to be able to accept and face criticism , rather than resorting to vile accusations . 
  sorry , but this submission has been removed under community rule 4 ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) . 
  i 'm sorry but putting a picture of a famous politician and a dog ( ? ), 
  is n't really the kind of content for this sub . 
  maybe somewhere else would be more interested . 
  thank you, 
  could you link to a non-social media source ? 
  social media submissions are n't really kosher here because they 're not really reliable as sources . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't mean because it 's from afp . 
  i mean that if you just look at the title you could be mislead into thinking it belongs in / r/conspiracy or whatever , but in the rest of my comment you 'll see that i 'm saying the story is actually very important and well worth a read . 
  this submission has been removed because you posted it twice ( from different sources ) . 
  please just post the one source to cut down on spam . 
  your other link is ( from reuters iirc ) still up . 
  [ confirmed by the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-28419901 ) btw : this looks crazy and hyperbolic out of context , but it 's part of a major , yet small-scale , scandal . 
  it 's huge news in the uk and has huge importance regarding recent education reforms by the tory party . 
  moderator here . 
  this post has been removed for having nothing to do with europe and being essentially spam . 
  maybe / r/health / r/healthcare might be more interested . 
  i 'll try as hard as i can to fix that for you then :p, 
  there were a lot of other people who fulfilled the outlined parameters better than i did , but i think one of the main reasons i was picked over them was because they did n't fulfil criteria that i did . 
  the main two criteria are a ) being someone who can get on and work with other people ( mods ) and b ) someone who really loves / r/europe . 
  i think some of the other strong applications did n't really seem to be that interested in / r/europe as a sub . 
  i think you can see from my comment karma that i spend quite a lot of time in this sub , and that 's just indicating it by the amount i comment . 
  additionally when promoting moderators there 's a real danger of creating ` career ' mods who just mod loads of subs but do n't have any interest in any of them . 
  and one last point , there are a couple of other good candidates in that thread . 
  i 'm sure everybody can totally see that . 
  and they 'll probably be included in the next batch of moderators in a week or two , if we go through with adding more ( which we almost certainly will because of how big this sub has become and is becoming ) . 
  anyway , i hope can turn around your disappointment , 
  pretty much anybody talking about linguistics on reddit will end up in / r/badlinguistics . 
  there 's a lot of good linguistics there who do really contribute a lot to the internet by pointing out incorrectness , which is why the best bit of that sub is in the comments section , but there 's a lot of psudo-linguists who post stuff there too and will bend the meaning of what the person they 're ridiculing means and bend the established conventions of linguistics . 
  different commenter , but i 'd just like to say that berlin is a great place . 
  most berliners speak moderate to good english , but there are still enough that it is n't too difficult to get people to talk german with you if you actually want to learn ( this ca n't really be said for netherlands or nordics , imo ) . 
  it 's got all of the positives of a capital city and a great history , but has n't attracted all of the stupid levels of wealth that paris and london have which forces the prices of everything from flats to sliced bread sky high . 
  so it 's a great city you can afford . 
  it 's got a fascinating history which , contrary to popular belief , does n't consist solely of the nazis . 
  it 's got a great culture , both as part of germany and its distinctive berlin vibe . 
  i 'm a big fan of the drinking life in berlin too and i say drinking life which includes but is not limited to night life . 
  it 's got a great nightlife , but it has a lot more than that . 
  it 's place within europe is really great too . 
  you 're not too far away from anything . 
  if you go to copenhagen you 'll find it hard to travel to greece or spain , and likewise if you travel to lisbon you 'll find it hard to visit tallinn , but if you 're in central europe , you 'll be within driving distance of almost everywhere . 
  i spent a week there and so have a huge proportion of the people i know , and everybody has loved it . 
  it 's one of the only cities in the world which is n't in my home country that i would love to live in . 
  i would do that with us citizenship if i could * if it were n't for one problem . 
  * those with us citizenship have to pay american income tax irrespective of what country you 're actually in . 
  so you have to pay an awful lot of money to maintain us citizenship if you live abroad . 
  personally this would put me off the idea . 
  if it were n't for that constant financial burden i would do it in a heartbeat . 
  fortunately for the op , i know of no eu country which has this strange rule ( i think america is the only country in the world which has it ) and so they do not have to worry about the long term burden . 
  if i were op then i would definitely do it . 
  [ hello all you lovely people ] ( http://media3.giphy.com/media/uhczff67veqkw/200.gif ), 
  kind of an unusual way to talk about space exploration , but i liked the bit where it took a selfie with the comment . 
  very # 2014, 
  [ the flag situation in ireland intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavxqgnvo2w ), 
  if we started giving ukraine arms , it would juts legitimise russia doing the same and we end up with two rival armed forces who both have even more weapons than they do now . 
  adding more tools of destruction is not going to make ukraine more stable . 
  the ukrainian army already has the significant advantage against the rebels . 
  ukraine has to deal with the rebels alone . 
  it 's an internal affair that foreign powers have no prerogative to be interfering in . 
  what the west and the eu can do is increase the sanctions every time russia starts trying to interfere . 
  it 's pretty clear what the majority of ukrainians want at this point . 
  if we interfere we 'll just make the minorities feel alienated even more than they already will .
