  both admirable . 
  try and post the source at the same time as the submission itself in future , if you can . 
  thanks for posting . 
  tbf : i 'd love to see an ama with a legitimate ukrainian separatist . 
  i 'd probably find it even more interesting than an ama with a pro ukrain fighter , because the ukrainian side is already well publicised in the west and their motives and views are already largely reported on . 
  ukrainian separatists ? 
  almost the complete opposite . 
   why is it not on i am iama where it can be properly verified that this is who you say ? 
  although i ca n't talk about anything else in / u/didijustobama 's comment , i would like to know what checks are in place to ensure the person answering the questions is who they claim . 
  one of the reasons the ama subreddit is so popular is because of its relatively strict verification procedures . 
  early in the ukraine conflict a whole orphanage tried to host an ama here and it took about a day for all the appropriate checks to go through : we ended up needing links to a news sight , and a digital photocopy of their orphanage licence ( and then we needed to find a ukrainian/russian speaker to translate it ) . 
  does anybody know if any similar checks are taking place for this ama ? 
  you know that the free movement of labour amongst all people of the world is a cornerstone of both the right and the left ? 
  i mean , marx and engels wrote in the communist manifesto `` international workers of the world , unite !, 
  you have nothing to lose but your chains . '', 
  for the left immigration is tied up with the idea of class solidarity and equality . 
  for lefties , everybody should have the same chances , and opportunities and fundamentally get basically the same outcomes ( or an outcome which is determined by their needs ) . 
  so you ca n't really pin any blame on the left or the right , because the idea is n't associated with either of them exclusively . 
  both like the idea in principle and both have some reservations in practice, 
  oh i totally agree . 
  human personal relationships have become much more interesting , potentially much more intimate and with people whose interests much more closely align . 
  but the thing is this is still individualist relationships . 
  it 's a lot of sets of two people , two unique peesonalities , melding together out of a mutual enjoyment of each other 's company . 
  even when it involves many people , fundamentally it 's a collection of individuals . 
  you 'd be happy lending one of these individuals a fiver and helping them move house etc. 
  now contrast this with a much more community minded approach to relationships . 
  in earlier times , during the social democratic consensus/butskillism ( everything prior to thatcher in the uk ) people used to view themselves much more as parts of a whole community , and would view others as members of a community as well as being individuals ( rather than being just individuals exclusively ) . 
  this has the political side effect of you feeling okay donating money , or having taxes paid to support these very broad groups , because helping the group is paramount to helping the individuals you like because they 're essentially the same thing . 
  so humans are still obviously social creatures , but the ways in which we are social are radically different , as are the consequences of our change in social relarionships . 
  why are you awake ? 
  it 's even later there than it is here, 
  i think it was the assumed us-centeredness that earned them the downvotes , rather than their ignorance . 
  if they 'd have just said `` what is this '' then they would have gotten a few upvotes , but instead what it sounded like they said was `` is this because if the u.s. supreme court ruling ? '', 
  which has this presumption of us omnipresence . 
  a lot of users here also really do n't like the idea of american influence in the sub . 
  basically everywhere else on reddit except a couple of national subreddits and non-english language subreddits is almost entirely us centric . 
  so it 's understandable that 's users get a little fidgety when they see questions and comments centred entirely on america . 
  there 's no problem with americans asking these questions , it 's just that most users do n't want * this * to be the place where they are asked . 
  there 's so many alternatives like / r/askeurope . 
  the idea of the only pan european subreddit becoming just a place for americans to talk about europe is a terrifying prospect to many , which is why any suggestion that it could happen is quickly stamped out, 
  when you phrase it like that it makes you realise the mistake the author is making . 
  if globalisation were the cause of the decline of class and national solidarity , then it would be followed by an increase pan human solidarity , and feelings of kin ship for people in other countries ( especially those of similar socio-economic backgrounds ) . 
  but that has n't happened . 
  the decrease in class and national solidarity has instead been replaced by individualism . 
  generally people want less interference in their own lives and are less willing to help others than in previous decades the author is simply conflating the two because globalisation took place as solidarity declined , but one did n't cause the other . 
  there is obviously a link though . 
  as economic neo liberalism rose , international free trade and free movement of labour came with it . 
  laissez faire liberalism was either the cause or the result of the atomization of society , which itself then caused globalisation . 
  just some 3 am thoughts , 
  yeah i have no idea what even to call this . 
  editorialising was the only thing i could say with certainty, 
  this has been removed for editorialising . 
  please do n't do that . 
  iirc whilst coalition talks are being hammered out , the government remains in place . 
  so devutoglu is * still * pm . 
  it 's just that he has no majority in parliament and therefore ca n't pass any new legislation . 
  however , he still has control of the police forces , army , border control , and basically everything else that needs to be operated on a day to day basis . 
    unique  for fucks sake people have been spamming this sort of stuff since the french guy started it . 
  there is nothing unique about it . 
  however it is still unique . 
  i know no other subreddit in which dual language comments are written . 
  additionally , only a small minority of users in this subreddit write double language comments . 
  i mean that it is unique because has still not been tried . 
  i would like users to continue it in order to see what the outcomes will be . 
  in my opinion good things could come from it . 
  it may be true that dclauzel could format a bit better , but in principle it is still good actually . 
  and in my opinion his formatting is n't bad . 
  he uses cursive in order to make it clear which language he 's writing in . 
  --   unique  for fucks sake people have been spamming this sort of stuff since the french guy started it . 
  there is nothing unique about it . 
  can i ask : why ? 
  it harms your reading pleasure in no way . 
  all the information is there . 
  you can read the text which is most useful to you , just like before . 
  only now , people who are slightly more proficient in one language ( in this instance , spanish ) can get a slightly better understanding/understand slightly easier at no extra cost to anybody else . 
  why rain on people 's parade ? 
  all you 're doing is discouraging people who 're doing something a bit fun and unique . 
  *** fight fight fight ***, 
  are the redactions ( black bars ) there on colombian tv too , or is that just for the mirror ? 
  this is very interesting , thank you !, 
  do you have a picture brussels ' new emblem ? 
  do you have any news stories about greece from a portuguese perspective, 
  there does n't seem to be a removal message . 
  did you exchange pms or something ? 
  heh , i would n't say i 'm fluent . 
  i 'm only a b2 in german , and even less than that in french . 
  but it still causes difficulties . 
  are you sure i did that ? 
  it does n't sound like something i 'd do . 
  if you can link me to the submission i 'd be happy to have a look at it and try to redress any mismoderation that may have taken place . 
  it 's possible that it was removed for a different reason . 
  thank you for being that guy . 
  i 've fixed it . 
  meant to say 1,000 . 
  out of curiosity , is there a bar in the greek parliament ? 
  i know there 's like a million in the uk one . 
  non-english speaking links have been allowed and up voted for a long time . 
  there 's even a note about it in our subreddit rules . 
  it 's extremely rare for the sample size to be bigger than 1,000 people . 
  1,000 is the standard used for almost all samples ( and it 's usually incredibly accurate ) .
