  there are a lot of great men out there who i think are absolutely amazing leaders . 
  hitler managed to take over an entire continent and very nearly the world using a country which had been decimated only 20 years ago . 
  napoleon took a nation of people who were starving and without leadership and became emperor of france and had an entire continent on the run , though he * arguably * had slightly less success than hitler . 
  stalin was ruthless and perhaps even more terrifying than all the rest , and had was willing to see 15 % of the soviet union 's population die to beat the nazis . 
  t roosevelt saw his mother and wife die on the same day and still went on to turn america into a colonial power ( although a relatively small one ) ( there 's countless amazing stories about t roosevelt . 
  fdr ( franklin d roosevelt ) was the only us president to sit more than two terms , developed the atom bomb , turned the us economy from depression to booming and all of this from a * wheelchair * . 
  all of these men are great men . 
  i consider them , as leaders , to be winston churchill 's equals . 
  i think there are many contenders for `` the man to beat hitler '' ( though few of them were circa 1940 ) but that 's not to diminish how amazing churchill is/was . 
  he was an exceptional leader in a very small and elusive group of exceptional leaders . 
  if i tried , i bet we could name the entire group and it 's a testament to those people that we would know all of their names and who they are and why they are note worthy . 
  churchill 's definitely in that group and there are n't many in that group . 
  edit : ( just want to clarify , that i 'm basing membership of this group on how good they were at leading . 
  they 're defined as good at leading based off of whether we have examples of them being good at it . 
  good at leading does not mean that they were good people or that they stood for good things . 
  it simply means they got shit done , or they got shit done against some pretty stiff odds . 
  my list of all time amazing , exceptional leaders is * churchill * fdr * t roosevelt * stalin * hitler * napoleon the list includes these * but is not limited to the * . 
  if scotland becomes independent , i 'd be very interested to see how its perception changes . 
  i 'm sure the word tourists/foreigners use to describe exotic things in england is `` quaint '' ^ ( grrrr ), 
  britain 's big british castle ? 
  or britain 's big black c ** k, 
  balcanic/balkanic has to be my new favourite word . 
  i used to be a sporcle addict and reguarly hang around on / r/mapporn ect , pretty much every one has difficulty remembering the countries in between greece-turkey and poland . 
  there 's just something difficult about that whole balkan region . 
  usually people do remember romania though . 
  and it was much appreciated . 
  i saw `` book '' and '' ( american ) declaration of independence '' and immediately assumed you were talking about two treatises of government by john locke . 
  my philosophy teacher , when we first starting learning about philosophy of government , said `` look !, 
  here 's an actual example fo philosophy being useful for something ! '' . 
  it sticks out in my memory . 
  i thought the same until i found out i was going . 
  it becomes a bit more of a conversation topic after you know you 're going . 
  when people ask if i 'm doing anything next week ( or something along those lines ) and i reply with `` going to auschwitz '' , i never expected them to say `` what 's that '' . 
  i just assumed they would know , and i was a bit wrong . 
  never fail to underestimate human ignorance . 
  and belgium retains its accolade . 
  i was under the impression that john locke wrote that , and that he was english . 
  although i 'm sure we can share him if you 're willing to share hume . 
   every schoolchild in europe should go to a concentration camp like auschwitz before they leave secondary school . 
  but europe 's birth rate is already just at replacement rate !, 
  how are we going to continue as a species if we send all our youth to death camps before they 're even 18 !, 
  i 'm going to auschwitz in may as part of the lessons from auschwitz organisation who 's aims are to teach young people about the holocaust and have those young people teach others . 
  anyway , i 've been mentioning that i was going to auschwitz soon and it is quite shocking what some of the responses were . 
  obviously there 's the `` oh that 's unusual , why are you going there ? '', 
  but then some people said things like `` hmmm , that rings a bell . 
  what is it exactly ? '', 
  then after i explained that it was the largest nazi death camp in wwii and that it was part of the holocaust ( literally , i could not fit more buzz words in if i tried ) they respond with `` is that/those things important ? '', 
  and then i feel kind of mythed for a while . 
  seriously , i just assumed all this stuff was common knowledge . 
  my german/austrian friend once spend a full 10 minutes trying to get me to pronounce europ\u00e4ische properly . 
  i can say the fuck out of europ\u00e4ische !, 
  go on just ask me !, 
  my pronunciation of lichtenstein on the other hand . . 
  i 'm assuming these two would go for all angles learning german . 
  could you span out your criticism a little ? 
  i 'd like to offer my counter arguments , but i would n't want to counter argue one thing only to realise i got it a bit mixed up . 
  i quite like the sentiment of what the french are doing and some of what we 're doing in britain with child support . 
  beautiful socialism !, 
  you 're very persuasive . 
  thank you for your in put . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't quite understand what you 're trying to say/ask ? 
  if you 're referring to me enjoying seeing him in pain please refer to  it ** almost ** brings me pleasure to see him in pain at this point i do n't actually like seeing him in actual pain ( those pictures of him in the plain/helicopter crash for example ) but i enjoy seeing him being flabber ghasted , out foxed , make slightly uncomfortable . 
  also , i do n't vote labour . 
  liberal democrat  labour  tories/greens  ukip  bnp, 
  some people are probably going to try and take some meaning from this bit of the interview , but personally i did n't pay much attention to what was being said and just enjoy farage being flabber ghasted . 
  it almost brings me pleasure to see him in pain at this point . 
  i was n't around to experience thatcher , but i imagine my disdain for farage is similar to how most people feel about her . 
  to be fair , from an english point of view , the scottish , welsh , irish and cornish national identities seem have one of their most prominent characteristics being `` we 're not english '' . 
  i mean , i often find that places like wales , scotland and ireland are very similar to england , in a way places like america , canada , the netherlands , ect are n't . 
  i mean , there are definitely notable differences ( accents being the main one ) but `` not being english '' has to be very high on the list of things which are important to ireland , scotland , ect . 
  it 's always seemed odd that not being something , is so important to those/these regions . 
  or when someone says `` here 's a map of the uk ! '', 
  and then it includes ireland . 
  and this leads us onto a subtle way to offend the dutch . 
  mistaking holland for the netherlands . 
  it 's worth noting that we 've shared the same country for 300 years . 
  you have to be pretty like minded to share a country so it 's not really surprising that other people think the english and scottish are similar . 
  we are similar , that 's the basis on which we have a union , because we 're similar . 
  just thought that was a useful way of putting things, 
  that would make sense . 
  the only head of government of a major crisis hit country to get elected so far is obama , * that i can think of * . 
  it looks like merkel will make it less of a trend though . 
  i forgot that catalonia celebrated saint george 's day . 
  i 'd completely forgotten it existed until i see some red and white punting in the canteen which they were using to try and convince people to buy fish and chips . 
  i 've heard you guys take it a little more seriously . 
  benefits scroungers *, 
  as someone who never really paid attention to france , i kind of liked sarkozy . 
  he seemed friendly but also commanding . 
  what is it that people do n't like about him ? 
  i know that some dubious news about him as come now that he 's out of office , such as giving guns to libyan rebels and tax evasion , but why do people hate him ? 
  you 've obviously not been around dutch people much :p, 
  ignorance is bliss !, 
  do n't take it away from me !, 
  oh this fills me with joy !, 
  also , it 's an actual example of the european union doing what it was designed to do , all these years later ( peace in europe through peaceful means ) . 
  i thought david cameron had said that he may or may not grant further devolution to scotland if they voted for union ? 
  bitch i 'm fabulous . 
  give it five minutes guys . 
  that 's as long as it takes to find a doily and attach it to a pole of some sort . 
  is any one really expecting a positive unionist argument ?
