  * how is higher military spending supposed to stop russia playing eastern european states off of each other ? 
  * how is military spending supposed to stop refugees paying human traffickers from sailing them across the mediteranean ? 
  * how is higher military spending supposed to stop russia using greece ( a country already under severe financial strain ) as a trojan horse ? 
   and eu countries can show a united front in foreign policy without having a unified military . 
  well that certainly worked in the break up of yugoslavia and the ukraine crisis . 
  / s it takes far too long and we 're often incapable of battling out a compromise on a specific issue . 
  they 're too focused on horse trading . 
   and how is your plan realistically possible ? 
  you say members would `` just have to make sacrifices '' and `` just have to forgo ... '' . 
  but how do you convince them of that ? 
  how many britons are already pissed about `` sacrificing sovereignty '' and voting ukip over it ? 
  pushing a unified military would give nigel farage a boner because he knows how voters will react . 
  france also takes huge pride in being a great power . 
  a unified military is a pipe dream without widespread support in those two countries . 
  they will be won over by the reasonableness of the idea itself . 
  it makes sense and i believe that this will be shown when people have discussions about it , when it is talked about on the radio or tv and when people argue on reddit like now . 
  the solution is simply to convince people , and i have much faith that operating in this way will succeed , because the idea is so strong . 
   how do you reconcile them and all the other relatively pacifist countries with a nation like france ? 
  they would all have to make sacrifices , but the gains would outweigh the negatives for every member states . 
  when the eu acts together , they are more than the sum of their parts . 
  france would have to forgow some interventions in north africa when they can not convince the rest of the eu or the eu executive of its importance , and sweden would have to forgow some of its commitments to passifism . 
  but in return sweden would have guaranteed security against russia and any future threats , and france would share the burdens of intervention in africa in those situations where it is deemed appropriate . 
  additional positive would be greater world influence for every eu member . 
  it is much better to forgow your already limited foreign policy independence in order to be one of the 28 members of the world 's largest economic and second largest military super power . 
  all the eu nations would moderate each other so as only the best foreign polict objectives and measures are carried out . 
  for instance , sweden 's cultural relativist tendencies would be limited by the french and the british , but a majority would be able to get behind giving out higher foreign development aid ( even if a few eu member states reject it ) , and britain 's role in the second iraq war would have been halted by the rest of europe 's objections , however they all would have got behind the war in afghanistan . 
  if we act together we will all individually be more influential , and we will have a better foreign policy due to the restraints we all place on each other . 
   and more fundamentally , what problems does this solve ? 
  russia has been able to play european states off each other via gazprom for too long . 
  russia constantly poses an existential threat to the european union which we 're only barely managing to secure ourselves from , and even then we must rely on us influence . 
  i 'm not as amerophobic as many want to rely less on the usa , but i do recognise that there are many large ideological differences between the eu and our siblings across the pond and it should therefore be a relationship of equals where we can disagree when we want to , and not be dragged into things we do not want . 
  europe 's weak foreign policy capabilities have also meant that we were largely impotent in the ukraine crisis , as it has taken years for serious sanctions to be placed , and now that they have been placed , they risk being withdrawn because russia can use the new greek government as a trojan horse to bring the project down . 
  furthermore , when there is a humanitarian crisis we lack the capabilities to halt the problems at the source , e.g. 
  the break up of yugoslavia ( which was eventually settled by nato/us bombing , when european diplomacy failed ) and the current refugee crises around the peripheries of europe with huge numbers of migrants trying to sail across the mediteranean and often dying in the process . 
  all of these problems would be solved by a united european foreign policy and armed forces . 
  ` one ' does n't work because ` one ' is only used for hypotheticals . 
  ` one ' never refers to a specific person ( often people use it as a shorthand for talking about themselves , but it technically means ` any individual/random person ' ) and therefore ca n't be used to talk about a specific person that you do n't know the gender of . 
  it is not fine . 
  as it stands europe is incapable of defending itself from russian aggression without relying on nato . 
  as it stands , european foreign policy is so divided that we can not even protect our eastern neighbours from russian meddling is gazprom . 
  the eu has the resources to be the dominant partner in this relationship , but because we remain divided we constantly give them the ability to split is off against each other . 
  if we were united we would be able to have put harsher sanctions on russia over ukraine sooner and they would have given up by now . 
  but because we are so divided the sanctions have been weak and slow and now that they are finally taking effect they risk being abborted due to greece allowing itself to be russia 's trojan horse . 
  if eu foreign policy was united we would n't have got in this situation in the first place , and there would be no threat to the sanctions either even if we were in the same situation . 
  our current situation is not fine . 
  keeping the status quo is not an answer . 
  it 's the opposite of an answer . 
  we need to make progress in this field in order to halt russian aggression and be a progressive voice abroad for human rights , as well as protecting eu citizens at home and abroad . 
  we can do non of these things if we remain the same . 
  the status quo is not an amswer, 
  the problem is you 're imaginging that a european common foreign policy would be micro managed by all of the heads of government simultaneously , like the sanctions are . 
  that 's fundamentally not the case . 
  what should happen is that the heads of government , along with the european parliament act as the legislature whilst the european commission acts as the executive . 
  what this means is that the president of the european commission , jean-claude juncker , or his foreign affaires deputy , would go and sign treaties , make demands and control the armed forces . 
  he would need to obtain the consent of the legislature ( eu heads of government like david cameron , angela merkel , fran\u00e7ois hollande , etc and the european parliament ) only after he has initiated action . 
  the eu parliament has control of the eu budget and could therefore withdraw funding for particular military endeavours in a similar manner to how the us congress has fundamental control of the armed forces , despite the u.s. president being the commander in chief . 
  so as you can see , a common european foreign policy and armed forces would be * very * decisive in acting and be well balanced against any danger of a crazy europe commission . 
  this is not just one avenue which europe could use to protect itself , europe needs a combined foreign policy and armed forces if it is to have any relevance and any capability to defend itself from military , economic and other threats . 
  it 's not just the german government that supports a unified armed forces and foreign policy . 
  even the uk liberal democrats support it , and they 're part of the uk government ( although the lds do n't shout about it ) . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  28 divided and weak countries , all with an independent foreign and defence policy is pretty pointless if we actually want to defend ourselves or pursue interests abroad . 
  it just makes sense, 
   you 've been independent for 24 years , in the same amount of time israel ( similar population as the baltics ) went from nothing to defeating the combined forces of syria , egypt and jordan . 
  is israel really someone we want to be copying , though ? 
  they 're not exactly a great role model, 
  what sort of accent do you have ? 
  it probably is an american thing now that i think of it . 
  i 've never actually seen a direct reference it in uk advertising where as its mentioned in us tv a lot more . 
  but american , british , et al media all tends to blur into one . 
  still , you 're missing out . 
  who does n't want a random bunny ( although it 's actually a hare ) that births chocolate eggs for your consumption to celebrate the resurrection of jesus christ ? 
  every time easter comes around i 'm always reminded by things like this how much i do n't understand the way christianity is divided up . 
  like , i had no idea there was this whole new oriental orthodox version and i looked up the differences and it starts by saying oriental orthodoxy only recognised the first three eucharistic meetings . 
  i have no idea what those even are . 
  and i thought i was smart for knowing why there was a split between catholicism and protestantism :(, 
  that sounds like the weirdest thing . 
  but then we hide our eggs for smaller humans to find and arrange foraging parties to search for them , so i ca n't really talk . 
  is the easter bunny a thing bulgaria and the rest of the eastern orthodox world ? 
  [ its not incorrect . 
  as explained here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/329tx9/swedish_genderneutral_pronoun_hen_gains_foothold/cq99x9k ), 
  a ) increasing precision in the english language b ) avoiding the language descending into chaos due to people trying to make up random new words like ` xe ' c ) it 's nice to have a pronoun available for transgender , nongender specific , gender fluid , * and so on * people . 
   numerically-incorrect `` they it 's not numerically incorrect . 
  if the gender is unclear then it is perfectly correct to use ` they ' . 
  it 's actually been used this way in english for a long time and used to be much more common . 
  just because they , as a third person * singular * and ` they ' as a third person * plural * are both spelled the same does not mean they are actually the same pronoun ( word ) . 
  it 's like in german they use the word `` sie '' to mean you ( singular , polite ) , she and they . 
  for all intents and purposes they 're different words , despite being spelled the same . 
  the word ` they ' exists , so let 's use it . 
  it fits perfectly . 
  trying to create new words is a ) not going to work and b ) just muddies the water with multiple contenders and individual english speakers will then start all adopting different standards . 
  it 's not `` common '' in any dialect ( from my understanding ) but it 's still there as part of the backbone of the english language and could be so easily re-awoken . 
  i 'm fighting the good fight and aggressively using ` they ' as a third personal gender neutral pronoun whenever the gender of the person inquestion is unclear . 
  people need to be reminded it exists . 
  it sounds slightly strange the first couple of times you use it , but then very quickly it just fits so nicely . 
  you 're aware that the supposed lack of military spending and the ukraine crisis/general increase in russian aggression have basically nothing to do with each other ? 
  you could argue that the lack of military spending has changed the way russia has behaved , but that argument does n't hold much water because eu/nato capabilities * far * outstrip anything russia is capable of ( even france and the uk 's nuclear deterrents are comparable to russia 's ) . 
  the ukraine crisis as well as russia 's other frozen conflicts ( in moldova , georgia , etc ) happened outside of eu and nato borders and so there 's basically nothing we could have done , except for intervening military , but then we 're just doing the old cold war game of starting proxy wars everywhere ( like korea 1950-3 , vietnam , cuba 1963 , angola after portugal 's withdrawal , even to some extent the yom kippur war ) , and all they ever succeed in is maintaining the international status quo whilst destroying the country the war is being fought in, 
  yes , but as i have explained in another comment ( in much more depth ) , good comments sections can come from anywhere . 
  therefore , we moderate submissions based on the submissions themselves and not their potential to incite discussion ( unless it 's a self post ) .
