  if you 're gon na disagree with the majority of what somebody said , but also accept some of it , then you have to specify the areas you agree in . 
  it 's not unreasonable . 
  i do n't get why people say nordrhein-westfalen is ugly . 
  sure , it 's countryside is n't great unless you like heavy industry , but it has the cologne cathedral ffs !, 
  and the entire rest of k\u00f6ln , and d\u00fcsseldorf is quite nice as well . 
  it 's more of the problem of shutting down the tunnel whilst we do that , i think . 
  the tunnel is many many miles long , so we would have to close the tunnel for a very long time to add in all of the sensors . 
  just think of all the revenue which would be lost every day due to this . 
  the tunnel was also completed around the turn of the century , when motion sensors were n't quite so cheap at time of construction, 
   translation , we 're using a throwaway account as people are using reddit as it should be and downvoting a terrible idea which is hurting our main accounts internet points tally . 
  self posts do n't effect your overall karma rating . 
  plus , if your statement were true , then we 'd be using the joint account to comment within the thread , which we are n't . 
   alternatively , if you 're doing this to avoid the subreddit getting swamped , surely the ongoing stream of random politician and economist statements on greece should also be megathreaded ? 
  we did that . 
  any regular user of this subreddit would remember it . 
  but the news on it has returned to a reasonable level and thus the megathread was removed, 
  we 've had megathreads about both of those . 
  the one about greece was just a couple of weeks ago , in fact . 
  i 'm surprised you do n't remember . 
  any regular user of this subreddit would have known that, 
  it 's been removed now . 
  the more people report this type of thing the faster we can remove it . 
  if you suspect something violates a rule , report it and the mod can verify yes or no, 
  totally agree . 
  and all the other important parts of it , like finance and education and culture , should be heard as well . 
  that 's why we need a megathread , to stop this one important issue overshadowing all the others, 
   yeah , i also understand that . 
  also : i do n't want to turn this into a subscribers vs moderators rant . 
  i highly respect the effort you guys put into managing this subreddit , which has a population equal to a major city . 
  but if the strain is that severe , you should add additional mods that have the required knowledge to moderate a large subreddit . 
  after all : you do this in your spare time - and that also means you should be able to do something else if you want to . 
  i 'd love to do that . 
  i really would . 
  it 's just that adding moderators ends up causing a lot more work than it solves , at least in the short term , and then the moderators need a lot of time to settle in . 
  i would describe most of the moderators we added as still settling in . 
  and that 's just the actual work of running application processes , reading through them , vetting , etc. 
  it often causes horrific drama which is much in excess of even that amount of work . 
  you 'll remember when we added crnaruka , and ended up losing two other moderators by different means . 
  if we could just snap our fingers and have good moderators i 'd do it , but we need to figure out * how * we 're going to do it in order to avoid the same mistakes as last time . 
  it 's gon na be some time before we 're willing to go through that again . 
  i think it 's worth pointing out that the moderators are roughly balanced in terms of the overall number of them which are on either left or right of the political spectrum . 
  whilst i think there 's certainly merit in the mods trying to deliberately portray themselves as impartial , i really do n't think there 's the time and resources to do that . 
  it 's just ordinary people . 
  there 's hardly enough time in the day to manage the things that already need to be done without adding image management to that long list as well . 
  in the comments section here . 
  we 've started even linking you to to the comment which mentions the storying . 
  i 'm currently building a nice table to put them all in, 
  ah , yes , just why / r/gaming and / r/politics and / r/atheism are all such wonderful places . 
  * that 's also ^ not ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ he ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ said *, 
  nothing to do with being a leftist . 
  wanting a subreddit to have more than one news story every day is something people from all ends of the political spectrum can and do enjoy . 
  i 'd like to give a lot more depth to this reply , but i really need to get to bed ( i 've been awake for about 30 hours and counting ) . 
  i just wan na point out that we 're gon na be refreshing this megathread like we did with the greece one every 500 comments or every day or two . 
  this will keep it fresh . 
  if you 're at all familiar with the / u/unidan affair , you 'll know that even a very small number of alts/brigaders acting with a specific purpose can have a huge , disproportionate impact . 
  ( although this is getting besides the point ) . 
  i explain some of the reasoning [ in this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3esaee/immigration_megathread_part_i/cthy2ff ) . 
  tl ; dr : both the filtering system and megathread system work well for what we 're trying to achieve here . 
  it 's just that megathreads have a few small advantages which give it an edge over flair-filtering systems in this specific instance . 
  it also worked fine several times this year already . 
  it was used for the grisis , for the uk election and for the greek election ( in january ) . 
  iirc it was even used somewhat during the scottish referendum . 
  in fact , it seemed incredibly effective in bringing all the discussion to one central place , and keeping the discussion very current . 
  i do n't know why immigration is special . 
  i 've said in other comments that i really do n't care what issue it is . 
  i just care that it 's forcing other content out of the way , and thereby forcing out other users . 
  he can speak english pretty well . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've noticed , but every single one of his comments is written in english ( but nobody seems to notice that , instead they just see that it 's two languages instead of one and insta-downvote ) . 
  plus , i think somebody who actually works with dclauzel every day , such as myself and my co-mods , are in a much better position to determine his ability at the job or otherwise . 
  what i 've seen of him tells me he 's pretty good . 
  although yes , this is the principle i like to take . 
  most of the time , you have to deal with situations as they arise , because you have no idea what 's going to happen before it happens . 
  depends whether the `` immigrant '' bit of the news story is the important part . 
  like , if there was about random serial sheep lovers in wales , then it would focus on the sheep loving . 
  but if angela merkel was running around the welsh country side loving sheep , then the really news bit there would be that it is angela merkel doing something strange . 
  the emphasis shifts . 
  likewise , if the emphasis of the news story is that it is an * immigrant * doing something , then it will likely get put into this mega thread . 
  if the story is that there is a mass murderer , but he also happens to be an immigrant and the immigrant bit is n't very important to the story , then it probably wo n't get put here . 
  tl ; dr : it depends on the article itself , and what parts of the story it emphasises . 
   i hate to go all wiki on ya , but ... `` citation needed '' . 
  i 'm basing this largely off the huge number of pms we 've been getting , and it would be a violation of their privacy to share them with you , or anyone . 
   then perhaps you need to speak to a certain frenchmen who keeps deleting other topics for not being european enough . 
  / u/dclauzel is a good mod . 
  does he make controversial decisions ? 
  yes . 
  i 've even spoken to him and discussed how i would moderate differently . 
  but what i know is that / u/dclauzel does an amazing amount of work for this subreddit . 
  he spends more time clearing through the mod queue than i do , and was a major asset in the lovely visual redesign of the subreddit that you see before you . 
  so , will you always agree with him ? 
  of course not . 
  but does he do a good job ? 
  hell yes . 
  i do n't know many people who would be willing to put in so much work to make a site operate smoothly and get so much hate for it . 
  / u/dclauzel is not the reason for the drop in quality . 
  in fact , he is part of the reason it has n't dropped off faster . 
  the reason for the drop in quality is because we , as moderators , have not been pro-active enough in providing that all the issues of the day get adequate space on this subreddit , and have allowed brigades to have undue influence . 
  i hope that we can do more in future to prevent this , not less . 
  unique page views is n't a good metric either . 
  it 's about having users who are engaged , comment and read comments regularly . 
  and not only that , but are constructive ( there 's a lot of sock puppet accounts which read and comment but are totally unconstructive ) .
