  if you 're not accessing the site from the uk then you 've almost certainly not paid your licence fee . 
  although their is a chance you have , which makes it super annoying if you want to watch the latest episode of qi in your hostel in amsterdam because you smoked too much weed and now you ca n't move ; not that i 'm bitter about anything . 
  i could be seen as putin demonstrating his influence further west . 
  i mean , the fact that * at least * one of the members of the parade is a service man who served in crimea shows that russia can find a pretence to put active duty russian personnel on bosnian soil . 
  it shows that russia could decide to `` act on behave of the serbian minority to make republika srpska independent '' or something like that . 
  this does n't mean it will happen . 
  it definitely does not mean anything will happen any time soon . 
  what it does show , is that russia has the ability to mess with an eu candidate country which is much further west than the previous eu and eu candidate countries that it has meddled with and hat pretences of meddling with in the past . 
  it 's all about showing who has the ability to do what . 
  nobody 's saying they 'll do anything . 
  just letting each other know that they can . 
   immediate changes to any country 's constitution is obviously impossible . 
  please research better in future . 
  they are researching !, 
  and providing an interesting discussion of scottish devolution in doing so  no need to be so hard on them . 
  it 's complicated . 
  we 're not a default , we 're only a default for europe , and even then only most of europe ( so far as i can tell , russia , the uk , serbia and turkey are excluded ) . 
  so that 's good for keeping the balance right , but , as you can see , the inflow of non-europeans seems to be keeping pace with the massive growth from automatically subscribed users , and to further confuse the situation , the american users ( who subscribers actively ) will probably be more likely to vote on things than their auto-subscribed peers . 
  so the geo-default changes the situation in a whole load of confusing ways . 
  i 'd just ask them what the fuck they 're doing in ukraine . 
  what were their objectives ? 
  did it fail ? 
  what was the worst case scenario ? 
  do they expect things to e better long term ? 
  no no no !, 
  this can only mean that there are far more hipsters in iceland than i had previously thought !, 
  but it 's still a large city . 
  maybe it 's not a metropolis , but it 's not like the city of london ( the square mile ) which which has 43 workers for every one resident and only has a population of 11 thousand to begin with . 
  i 'm not annoyed at them , it 's just troubling . 
  i mean , the more non-europeans there are in this sub , the less sense it makes to call this sub `` europe '' , or at least it 'll become more and more about non-europeans discussing european stuff ( like tourism ) with their * outsider * perspectives , rather than a place for europeans to come and talk about things which matter to them . 
  at the moment it 's obviously not such a problem . 
  it just raises questions over what sort of a subreddit this will be , and how we can assure that it remains unique and interesting . 
  anybody can ask for any flag which is tied to a specific ( generally european ) region . 
  if you feel like the your local county flag is particularly representative of you , then just send us a message and it 'll be added, 
  * who speak english i think that 's the clincher . 
  from what i understand , russia is n't super big on english language education . 
  but i could be wrong . 
  i was raised in england , but being simply `` english '' is no longer accurate , at all . 
  but you 're getting too specific . 
  most people on this subreddit do use national country flairs . 
  even i do . 
  but the small percentage of people who use the european flag or earth flag have good reason to do so . 
  which is why i am very glad that we have a flair to accommodate you . 
  however , most people are not so fortunate to be easily defined . 
  for instance , you would probably find it quite unrepresentative to be labelled by the county where you currently live . 
  i highly expect you frequently go outside of your county . 
  you possibly do n't even feel that being describe by your state is good enough . 
  many europeans feel this way about their countries . 
  many europeans spend a lot of their time in several countries which makes defining themselves using only one of those countries inaccurate , just like how i feel about being described as england . 
  i do n't spend all my time in england . 
  i feel as though to be described as english is to give a piece of context which is incorrect , because i spend so much of my time not in england , and because i do not feel english . 
  if we wanted to do that , then we could swap out union flags for english/scottish/welsh flags , or maybe even county flags . 
  it could , but why should we ? 
  the flairs are there so people can give a tiny bit of context about themselves when commenting . 
  why should they give a piece of context which they feel is actually inaccurate ? 
  i 'd hate to be forced to use an english flair , for example . 
  i feel as though using an english flair would give a whole heartedly incorrect piece of context , just like virtually everybody who uses an earth/european flag would feel . 
  this is without even considering that somebody might live in multiple countries . 
  i know quite a few people who work in one country , commute across the border for work , or their family is on one side of a border but they work on a different side , or maybe somebody is studying abroad ? 
  all of these things lead to a divided identity which only a more all-consuming identity can do justice to . 
  yes . 
  i did n't expect there to be quite so many american flairs . 
  i know that i 've seen a lot more of em commenting recently , i would hoped they 'd come fourth or fifth , rather than second : /, 
  i do n't . 
  the eu flag in particular is really useful for people who do n't feel a connection to anyone one country in particular ( and when the flair text option wo n't do it justice ) . 
  the earth flag is similar , but for people who 're not necessarily european , or are european but also share their identity with some place else , outside of europe . 
  the world does n't always simplify down into our nice little boxes that already exist in our minds . 
  we should do what nixon did in the 1970s . 
  drive russia and china apart and then use this to screw over one of them at the first possible opportunity . 
   they threw ukraine under the bus for russian oil/ships/london housing market what about all the sanctions ? 
  you can argue that the eu is n't doing as much as it should and that it is too little too late , but i think you 're being disingenuous by saying that the eu `` threw ukraine under a bus '' they are at least trying to solve the problem , even though they 're shit at it . 
  you wan na know how i got out of iraq ? 
  i was russian out of there . 
  i can peru-v it . 
   it 's not a question of will , the eurozone can not work and it will explode that remains to be seen . 
  i and a lot of great economists would bet a lot of money ( euros , naturally ) on the euro still being around in 50 years time , without imploding . 
  the problems with the euro are much easier to fix with * further * integration rather than by ` disintegrating ' ( de-integrating ? ), 
  and it is much better to fix the euro through integration , because that safe guards the european project ( and the peace it 's brought ) and the continual economic growth which is ensured ( in france , as well as in other parts of the eurozone ) by being part of the euro . 
  exiting the euro or destroying it is fundamentally the wrong solution . 
  and plaid cymru !, 
  but there 's also a lot of other marginal parties which are also insane , like all of the irish parties . 
  ach i 'd read somewhere that porto was the capital of portugal lisbon merely the argent city, 
  what criteria did they use to pick cities ? 
  i mean , it seems that the only cities that they are picking are capital cities , plus about 4 non capitals ( munich , barcelona , lucerne [ ? 
  ] , lisbon ) . 
  i 'd wager that glasgow , theolinski or krakow would give some of the five cheapest on this list a run for their money, 
  or perhaps they are trying to come back in order to inflict acts of terror once they return ? 
   it would be massively inconvenient for me not to be able to send work related e-mails to co-workers in the evening . 
  my job could n't really be done without e-mails at unsociable hours . 
  i also see this law as pointless - e-mails in the evening are not the stressful part of this job !, 
  two points one : it would be hugely inconvenient for you at this present time , with the way the industry is structured at the moment , but if more laws were introduced to protect workers , then the inconvenience would hardly be noticed , in the same way you do n't see it as inconvenient that you ca n't call your colleagues up at 2am local time . 
  on the continent , it used to seem wildly inconvenient to limit the amount of time training doctors were allowed to work , but after the introduction of the eu working time directive ( which did just that ) the difference is hardly even noticed , and training doctors actually get to sleep and relax occasionally !, 
  however , the uk still has n't adopted that particular area of the directive , and our training doctors have significantly worse time whilst working towards their full career . 
  secondly , i agree with the fundamentals of the proposed law , meaning i can see it being introduced in other areas , rather than this law being ` it ' . 
  emails may not be the [ most ] stressful part of your job , and indeed other jobs may not even have the same kind of email problems , but there are many other ways in which the standards of an industry can grind workers down and be put through things which they really ought n't to be put through . 
  zero hours contracts in the uk are a good example of this sort of thing . 
  employees will have no idea whether they have work or not until the day actually begins , and often have to spend money ( e.g. 
  bus fair ) to find out if they even have work that day . 
  there 's a lot of positives to zero hours contracts as well , but i think that on balance they drive down employees ' standards and lead to a race to the bottom . 
  it 's the same reason why i am in support of minimum wages .
