  the largest increase is the difference between asylum applications in 2006 ( 300,000 ) and 2014 ( 600,000 ) . 
  that was a two fold increase . 
  a doubling . 
  it is not a tenfold increase . 
  a tenfold increase would be a 1,000 % increase or a times ten increase . 
  that did not happen . 
  the notion that there is or has been a ten fold increase is just hyperbole of the highest order . 
  the rise in the number of asylum seekers ** directly correlates with the number of people displaced in the syrian civil war . 
  it does not correlate with merkel 's announcement . 
  ** that is why there is a huge increase over the past * three years * . 
  i know that you were being hyperbolic , but words matter . 
  please do n't abuse them . 
  edit : let me get this straight . 
  i 'm the one pointing out that / u/megadeathbot666 has no evidence for their claim , and * i * get downvoted ? 
  and non of cyprus is in europe , yet they 're in the european union . 
  the real reason has always been political . 
  if turkey reforms itself to be more inline with european norms , i.e. 
  freedom of the press , civil liberties , economic reform , and also grant a degree of autonomy ( at the very least ) to kurdistan , then they would likely be accepted as an eu member . 
  those are the real problems . 
  geography is not and has never been one of them, 
   wolves ) ** used to be ** one of the most sectarian orientated people in turkey and terrorized hundreds of alevites ( religious minority ) in turkey . 
  that seems to be the crux of the matter . 
  they used to be heavily islamic , but they have secularised . 
  would you disagree ? 
  [ youre welcome !, 
  turns out / u/sithrak is actually devogol\u00fc 's alternative account that he uses for privately browsing reddit and commenting on / r/gonewild . 
  so mhp is a secular nationalist party and akp is an islamic nationalist party ? 
  i see . 
  i think . 
  but is n't nationalism and islam quite closely tied together in turkey in the same way the us republican party fuses christianity with nationalism ? 
  how does mhp define itself then ? 
  what distinguishes mhp from the other three ( hdp , chp and akp ) ? 
  that 's just a tad extreme . 
  the threshold is used in a lot of different european union countries , most notably germany . 
  turkey 's is admittedly quite a lot higher though . 
  in germany and poland the barrier is 5 % and in poland it 's 8 % for a coalition of parties . 
  i really do n't agree at all with the 10 % rule , but i would n't disqualify turkey 's eu.membership based purely on that . 
  the uk system is far worse . 
  there 's plenty of other issues worth taking into consideration , such as freedom of the press , economic reform and even turkey 's foreign policy stances . 
  why is mhp better than akp ? 
  last time there were elections i got the impression that akp was a somewhat moderate islamic and conservative party and mhp was a crazy , far right islamic party . 
  and chp was somewhat liberal and less religious/in favour of secular government . 
  and hdp were the kurdish party which maybe has some links to the militant group of kurdish independantists who 've been known to do car bombs . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i think daesh ( isis ) has relatively little to do with religion . 
  wahhabism as a branch of islam is * notionally * very similar to protestantism as a branch of christianity . 
  they both are in favour of a * direct * and * personal * understanding of their holy texts . 
  a big movement within the protestant reformation was the move for the bible to be translated into people 's native languages ( english , german , etc ) instead of latin . 
  this set it very much apart from the dominant catholicism of the time , where people 's only understanding of the bible came through the catholic priests . 
  where wahhabism in practice becomes very problematic is that they demand a personal interpretation of their holy texts , but in practice most of the freedom fighters have not read the quoran to any significant degree . 
  so they 're essentially still being told what to believe and what to do . 
  which means they can be told do crazy shit . 
  even the terrorists who did the 9/11 attacks ( who were wahhabis ) hardly mentioned religion . 
  it was only afterward that osama bin laden associated it with religion to any great degree . 
  for all these reasons i think that religion actually has very little to do with so called islamic terrorism . 
  it 's just a face and a moral justification for what are actually political motives . 
  turkey is a rather ambiguous player , but i think something which often goes unnoticed is that * most * of the players in this war are pretty ambiguous . 
  if you really look at what all the different states are doing , you can see what a weird state the middle east is in . 
  saudi arabia is the prime example . 
  their royal family ( broadly speaking ) follows the same branch of islam which daesh ( isis ) follows : wahhabism , also known as salafism . 
  this branch of islam is the one which preaches violent jihad ( by contrast , almost no other sect of islam preaches this ) . 
  so saudi arabia should be a big friend of daesh and take up arms with them against the west . 
  but then the opposite is happening . 
  they 're hostile to daesh and are allies of the west . 
  in the middle east today , there are no clearly marked borders between those on one side and those on the other . 
  they 're all each other 's best friends and worst enemies depending on what issue they 're discussing , equally ready to rip out each other 's throats and take up arms together to rip out someone else 's . 
  is ) aus\u00fcbt : wahhabismus alias salafismus . 
  i thought it was because arbitrarily discriminating between female and male heroes was just a bit pointless and weird . 
  i usually just say `` actor '' and `` waiter '' regardless of gender and nobody 's ever seemed to take any notice . 
  [ heimweh ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/heimweh ) you come from galway ? 
  for me it 's [ fernweh ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/fernweh ) . 
   often i feel like it 's not that theyre `` controlled '' by the top but just inherently extremely biased on their i 'm not exactly sure how you believe they 're biased towards the top , when taking in so many refugees is n't particularly in the `` top 's '' interest . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how it helps them . 
  what makes you think this ? 
  life has a left wing bias . 
  there 's a lot of value on a comparison with germany 's president of the bundestag , but the role schulz is envisaging is still very different . 
  i was actually lucky enough to meet mr lanmert , the president of the bundestag and i followed the interesting power struggle he participated in regarding the security services and mps ' rights to know about them . 
  it 's i impressive from a uk perspective that lammert took up that fight despite the fact he was fighting against his own party ( merkwl and lammert are both cdu politicians , merkel from east germany and lammert from nordrhein/westphalen ) . 
  but schulz is envisaging a role where he is essentially equal most important individual on the eu ( alongside the commission president junker and council president tusk ) . 
  in german the bundestags president is definitely bellow the chancellor . 
  additionally , lammert 's role in representing the bundestag is significantly diminished in comparison to schulz 's role in representing the european parliament . 
  schulz is the most senior european parliamentarian , and therefore must represent parliament 's interests against those of the european commission and the european council . 
  lammert does this to an extent , but the chancellor ( merkel ) is also a member of the bundestag , where as the commission president ( junker ) is not a member of the european parliament . 
  so schulz 's job would entail being much more powerful and influential than lammert 's , and would effectively elevate him to a sort of semi-primisterial level ( which nobody could argue lammert has ) . 
  so the comparisons between german bundestags president and european parliament president are only skin deep . 
  they look similar at first , but what schulz is envisaging would make them sufficiently different . 
  what schulz is envisaging would make his role unique . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder what role schulz actually wants , as the president of the european parliament . 
  he does n't want to be analogous to the speaker in the uk house of commons because that 's a non-political role . 
  he ca n't be a prime ministerial figure because junker has that job as head of the european commission ( doing the day to day governing of the eu institutions ) . 
  he ca n't be analogous to the u.s. leader of the house of representstives ( currently john boehner ) because that figure is only powerful due to having the backing of a majority party in the house , but that wo n't ever happen in the european parliament because it uses proportional representation for its elections which leads to many smaller parties ( there 's about 7 different blocks on the european parliament iirc ) . 
  so all i can assume is that schulz is building up some sort of new role that we have n't really seen in a western democracy before . 
  it will be very interesting . 
  in think many of these arguments apply to being an eu member . 
  you ca n't really be a schengen member without being in the eu . 
  to do so would be an awful deal because you have to accept all the legislation with no influence on the implementation at all . 
  this is what happens in norway . 
  likewise , the ukip position on trade agreements is simply having your cake and eating it to . 
  either you can be a member of the eea and have free trade with europe ( which is a much bigger economy than the commonwealth ) or you can leave the eea and make free trade arrangements with the angloaphere , and those free trade agreements will be shit because you 're a country of 60 million instead of a bloc of 500 million .
