  this has been removed under rule .2.6 . 
  yeah , i think a lot of people do n't realise that the spying scandal has had virtually zero direct impact on anybody 's life , and therefore most people wo n't care . 
  there 's even a lot of liberal arguments in favour of the spying , because it ( arguably ) increases security without infringing on any true freedom . 
  in most practical senses , your privacy is n't really being invaded because it 's extremely unlikely that there will be any effect of your messages being read . 
  you can argue that the spying is illegal or that the government should n't have kept it a secret , or even that the government has no right to intervene in people 's lives this way , but those are largely technical arguments which most people are disinterested in . 
  it 's quite easy to see why the public is n't as interested in this as many would hope . 
  well the spd have been distancing themselves from merkel ever since the story broke and i could see them putting her in a position where she has to act . 
  they could.threaten to end the coalition , which would likely be very beneficial to the spd as they 've had only very minor role in government over the last 10 years, 
  this scandal has actually become a huge deal in germany , despite it being hardly.covered in english media . 
  virtually all the news outlets i follow ( faz , spiegel , zdf , tagesschau ) have been reporting on this and giving it front page coverage ever since it broke that the bnd and the nsa were cooperating like three weeks ago . 
  some reporters have even been speculating that this could lead to the break up of the coalition and new elections . 
  removed under rule 2.5 . 
  this has been removed for editorialising . 
  please repost with the whole title ( the bit where it only applies to elections ) . 
  neither do i. . . 
  * most moderators have already voted for their favourite candidates , but we are waiting for three moderators to decide . 
  i do n't know why they have n't decided until now , but in the event that after a few days they 've still not voted , we will publish the new moderators despite this . 
  sometimes i think i 've missed eurovision , and then i remember that eurovision can never pass by without you realising . 
  the shouts about old russian grannies , or bearded women or gay romanian vampires on social media will * always * let you know that eurovision has finally arrived again . 
  sweden and finland seem to be developing this new defence strategy together , [ both specialising in slightly different ways ] ( http://i.imgur.com/psnx6iw.png ) . 
  eurovision : answering the hard geo-political questions . 
  the eu is actually far more democratic than people realise . 
  i mean , the directly elected eu parliament and the council of ministers which is appointed by the directed elected governments of the 28 member states are between them in complete control of the way the eu functions . 
  between them , they determine what legislation gets passed and they determined who forms the european commission . 
  it all seems pretty democratic to me . 
  but these groups * are * societal democracy . 
  they 're literally called civil society groups . 
  this is what happens when large numbers of individuals have the same opinions . 
  they organise themselves into a group like this and lobbying the government in order to make the meaningful change in accordance with their views . 
  but if the money is deliberately kept very low , how will parties fund successful election campaigns ? 
  also , why should all parties get the same amount of money ? 
  in the uk we have two parties that got over 30 % of the vote , and three that got between 4 and 14 % . 
  why should all 5 of these parties be given the same amount of money when there 's clearly unequal interest in them ? 
  and i really think you 're over stating the barrier to entry of minor parties . 
  and i believe you 're equally in the deluded about the state of lobbying . 
  perhaps we can agree to disagree and we can accept each other 's difference of opinion instead of resorting to a snide remark and scurrying off . 
  best of luck with your university work . 
  but you see what you 're creating there is a cycle . 
  a single party will get a large share of these donations , and therefore have a much more successful advertising campaign , and therefore win the next election and most of the advertising money again , and therefore win the next election , and so on . 
  whilst this is happening , small parties are unable to get off the ground because they have no resources to start any sort of effective advertising campaign , because even those people who are running the campaign are unable to give more than $ 1 to the cause . 
  non-offiliated charities , businesses and individuals allow this cycle to be broken by donating to fledgling political movements . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting this idea that somehow organised groups of people ( as found in charities ) are not part of the public . 
  you somehow want individuals to all spontaneously organise themselves . 
  it 's this exact scenario that charities were invented for , and the public can influence their politicians through those charities . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that whilst political participation through the ballot box ( by voting ) and membership of politics parties has declined in recent decades , membership of pressure groups like green peace or the rspb has consistently gone up . 
  you ca n't just shut out these large sections of civil society from the political process . 
  it would be undemocratic in its own special way . 
  if civil society groups have enough money to donate money to a political party or candidate , i see no reason why we should stop that . 
  it is a simple manifestation of political engagement . 
   and from all i know the balance of good vs. bad lobbying is so incredibly out of balance for the bad side , that this move is absolutely 100 % worth it and will benefits the whole society . 
  i actually think you 're blowing the negatives of lobbying out of proportion . 
  i 'd love to see some statistics on the effects of lobbying , because from what i understand , such lobbying groups only have the power to influence legislation at the fringes . 
  if a parliament is drafting legislation to protect the environment , an oil company is hardly going to be able to make them do a complete u-turn on the policy . 
  i really do n't think that 's what / u/jorvikson said . 
  they said this  a federation is a structure holding the nations which implies the federal government is supreme over the constituent states , which is just wrong . 
  a more accurate way of describing it would be `` a federation is a structure whereby the central and state governments hold each other up '' additionally ,  taxation is actually usually * not * a reserved power of federal governments . 
  in the usa originally taxation was reserved for the state governments and the federal government had no means of raising its own revenue , although today since the 23rd amendment it is a concurrent ( shared ) power . 
  likewise in germany . 
  in fact , even in unitary states like the uk , various levels of government levy their own taxes . 
  for instance scotland can varying taxation by 10 % ( and that is about to increase to complete taxation control ) and there 's also council taxes which are separate . 
  printing money , however , * is * usually a reserved power of a federally government . 
  you 're obviously correct on foreign policy and defence though , although there is an interesting caveat with defence , in which in many federations ( again , such as the usa ) the states reserve their own small armed forces , so defence is often also a concurrent rather than a reserved power . 
   i am against the narrowly understood lobbying where exchange of money , goods or services takes place , which i believe has to be illegalized . 
  but in the process you are going to make good forms of lobbying , such as that done by and on the behalf of charities and political , illegal . 
  and that 's something i 'm against . 
  if you have a hard and fast rule which can distinguish unethical lobbying from ethical lobbying then i would be interested to hear it , but as it stands now i think it would be wrong to make all forms of organised lobbying illegal . 
  depends how you define represents . 
  it does n't have a very good gender balance , and it is very white for what is a very multi-cultural society . 
  however , it is elected and the opinions in the parliament are somewhat representative of the opinions of the general public , so in that sense it is very representative , even though demographically it is very unrepresentative . 
  and the opinions are what we vote for , not whether their sex organs dangle or not , or whether the colour of them is like the general population 's . 
  well , no not really . 
  how do you expect political parties to fight election campaigns and referendums if they have no money ? 
  how are they supposed to get money without donations from members ? 
  then you obviously have n't had a full english breakfast, 
   i think it 's yet another reason to think twice before speaking now ... 
  absolutely not !, 
  just speak and get your point across . 
  we do n't care if you make a few mistakes here and there . 
  i 'm not really sure where your background comes into it . 
  my family is in the lowest tax bracket and derive our of our money from social welfare , but this does n't mean we have anymore right to talk about lobbying than anybody else . 
  do you actually have any experience with the lobbying industry yourself ? 
  the thing is , you 're ignoring the areas of lobbying which actually effect legislation . 
  it 's not about elected representatives knowing what the mood is like back home . 
  they already know that with opinion polls . 
  what lobbying groups do is advice governments and legislators on how to write legislation . 
  these charitative pressure groups can lobbying the government with specific suggestions for specific pieces of legislation in a way individuals just ca n't due to distance and a lack of expertise . 
  pressure groups are a depository of information that politicians can access in order to improve their legislation and ensure it is responsive to certain issues . 
  yeah , but then you have to outlaw all the lobbying by positive lobbyists , like animal welfare groups , environmental protection organisations , pro-sciene groups . 
  [ here 's just a small list of uk pressure groups which would be excluded ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_pressure_groups_in_the_united_kingdom ) . 
  it would be good if it were actually correct , which it is n't . 
  a confederation is a system of governance where sovereignty is held by the member states ( prime examples being the current eu , the us under the articles of confederation and technically switzerland ) . 
  / u/jorvikson got this bit right . 
  a federation is a system of governance where * both the member states and the central government hold sovereignty * . 
  the usa and germany are prime examples . 
  this means that powers are shared between the federal and state governments but those powers can not be repatriated to another level of government unless * both * the states and the federal government agree . 
  for instance in the usa you need a two thirds majority in both houses of congress * and * to thirds ( or three quarters , i ca n't remember exactly ) of all the states to agree for a constitutional amendment to be passed . 
  in germany there are two houses of parliament , one which is directly elected by the people ( bundestag ) , and one which is appointed by the independently elected state governments ( bundesrat ) . 
  in order for a constitutional amendment to pass in german , you need a 3 third majority in both the directly elected house ( the bundestag ) and the house which is appointed by the state governments ( the bundesrat ) . 
  and just for the sake of a comprehensive explanation , the only other form of country you can have in this typology is a unitary state . 
  france and the uk are both unitary states .
