  much better than those adverts which just * assume * your some self rightious being who exercises and does n't over eat and all that crap . 
  those adverts just make me feel guilty and then subconciously boycott their products because they 're trying to make me live up to some arbitrary ideal of what i should be like . 
  ** tl ; dr ** * if i want to die from over consumption of cake and steak and baked beans , do n't penalise me for it and just sell me the god damned whipped cream to go with it . 
  you can make little oink oink noses while you do it . 
  just sell me the cream . 
  and your country/region is ? 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i 'll keep that personally in mind for future . 
  for any one wondering what the four examples mean , snp , scottish national party , the majority party in the scottish parliament which wants scotland to be an nation independent of the united kingdom . 
  msp , member of scottish parliament . 
  basically an mp , plus one letter . 
  uav , unmanned arial vehicle . 
  basically any vehicle which does not have some one actually in the vehicle directly operating it . 
  atm , at the moment . 
  or in certain context atm means , hole in the wall , which means one of those holes in the wall you put your card into , type in a pin number ( aka personal identification number ) and then money is ejected in your general direction . 
  again , i 'll try and cut down on my usage of them in future . 
   next sunday 's news : cypriots rushing to hospitals due to overeating . 
  i 'm definitely going to make an effort to check up on cypriot news !, 
   privatisations . 
  i 'm interesting . 
  virtually all crisis hit countries of the moment and the passed four years seem to have been going for a quite right wing approach , ie cutting the state and enhancing the free market . 
  i 'm sort of curious why no one is taking a heavily leftist approach . 
  surely there are examples of it working before ? 
  that 's vaguely how america got out of the great depression was n't it ? 
  anyway , i 'm by no means an economist so vague speculation is as far as i like to take it . 
  though i do love to look on and pretend to myself i understand !, 
  i 'm not sure if it 's just been a slow news week here , or if i 've just not been paying attention . 
  the main news items i remember happened to get posed in here so people will probably already be familiar with them * churchill on the # 5 note * uavs or drones being opperated from england for the first time , dropping boms in afghanistan and stuff , but definitely not pakistan because that 's what the american do and we 're better than the , ect . 
  * this morning the work and pensions minister said he was going to maybe start taking away some of the hand outs old rich people get like alan sugar 's free bus pass . 
  that gets a vague thumbs up from me , but it 's still benefit cutting which i believe is ultimately pointless , so i ca n't get that much behind it . 
  * some guy covered himself in patrol , or some how managed to get himself govered in petrol and then have police taser him , resulting in death on whether our police should have tasers at all or whether they should better trained . 
  personally i just think it 's a sad case of police using a weapon , pretty much within the guidlines and it going on pear shaped . 
  it happens . 
  things do n't always work the way they were supposed to and changing the system is n't going to stop that . 
  i guess after margaret thatcher died , nothing can really top that . 
  i also get the impression the big political parties are getting ready for election time either by campaigning like ukip are or by taking a good long think about what their campaign actually will be , as i imagine ed miliband of labour is ( second largest party atm , and the more leftist party ) . 
  i 'm not german , but i just wanted to say that i kind of agree with you on the oppressiveness of the conversation . 
  just the way he was talking about germany , is if it and the people inside it are just bound to do evil and that the need to be perpetually pacified seemed , kind of cruel . 
  i just wanted to say i agreed with you on that front . 
  i see what you 're trying to say . 
   their habitat could sustain them . 
  it 's worth noting that animals have been making themselves extinct for millions of years by this point . 
  humans are not the sole cause of extinction . 
  we have caused a fair bid of damage , but animals * will * become extinct whether we 're here or not . 
  the question is about quantity . 
  additionally , generally i would make an exception for human meat eaters based on grounds of being sentient , self aware , ect and that all other self aware or mentally capable species be given the same treatment . 
  however that 's a much bigger debate than i have time for . 
  i do disagree that predators are keeping their environment in check . 
  i think they sometimes do that , but mostly they just put strain on it . 
  humans already put enough strain on habitats and ecosystems without these animals doing it also . 
  what the fuck ? 
  this is the opening headline  the european commission has announced its latest directive which involves using taxpayer money to train european immigrants on how to claim welfare and other benefits not subjective at all ? 
  does any one really need to read more to know this is a piece of shit ? 
  this is unpopular because it 's sort of an argument which condones the mass killing and sometimes extinction of certain species of animals , but i think it 's worth saying here . 
  it 's worth noting that animals like wolves , tigers and lions have seen rabid decline in populations of the passed years , decades and centuries . 
  yes it 's almost certainly because of humans that these animals are being pushed to extinction . 
  however , it 's worth noting that these animals are often even more violently and even more of a strain on their habitat than humans are . 
  [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i9acgyw.png ) from / r/mapporn made a lot of people very sad , but then a lot of others started coming `` yeah , well , then i remembered that those lions go around killing all sorts of other people and animals '' . 
  there is a reason these animals are extinct . 
  that reason is because their habitat can no longer support them . 
  do we really want these creatures who do little for their environment apart from mooch off of other creatures ? 
  furthermore , do * you * really want lions , tigers and wolves in your back garden ? 
  ok , they 're unlikely to attack people , but it 's not unprecedented . 
  basically the argument boils down to that if you try and support creatures like lions and wolves , they 'll be causing huge damage to their environment just like humans are . 
  at least humans can impose limits on themselves like the green belt in england or by having protected/endangered species . 
  big cats and wolves do n't have that . 
  they just kill and furthermore they might kill you . 
  if you think about the lions map , what do you think the farmer who lives in east africa thinks about their being less lions to mooch off of his cattle ? 
  the cattle which supports the landscape , and supports him . 
  not only would those lions have taken away his lively hood by killing his farm animals , but they could also have killed him or a family member . 
  that east african farmer does not have to live with any of those difficulties now ( though that does not mean his life is easy ) . 
  the argument can be further developed by saying that humans are already in a dominant role on planet earth . 
  we have to take control of things , just like we control ourselves . 
  we ca n't just leave nature to do its thing . 
  we 've altered the world far too much to let it just be . 
  anyway : i thought that argument should be put forward . 
  just thought i 'd like to add that many citizens of the irish republic joined the british armed forces during wwii to fight the nazis . 
  pivotally , those irish have never been properly treated by the irish republic . 
  there 's a fantastic article on the bbc that i may update this post with later , but i 'd just like to say that it happened and information is there for all interested . 
  balkans can not into stability . 
  at least berlusconi 's never been convicted . 
  i was more thinking about the general effects of having an invading army running through your country rather than the allies powers ' soldiers behaving badly . 
  i 'm thinking of flander 's field in wwi typed thing . 
   other from dresden , what mass devastation did germany experience in ww2 i feel as though this question can be answered with another question : in what ways was n't germany devastated after wwii ? 
  basically every city was bombed to hell . 
  i remember watching a documentary about the bombing of coventry and how bad it was , then as the documentary was approaching the end it started talking about what happened to germany afterwards . 
  what happened to coventry ( decimation ) happened to germany again and again . 
  it was a sort of revenge . 
  you can also imagine how the british troops would have behaved once they were in germany . 
  people here seem to downvote whenever any one mentioned the reddiquette . 
  it 's retarded . 
  so now people ca n't say things that disagree with the hive mind or they get voted to the bottom of the page and they ca n't remind people that downvoting based on opinion is against reddiquette or else get downvoted to the bottom of the page and thus the problem never gets fixed . 
  i 'd like to make some arguments in favour of not downovting based on opinion here : * encourages good debate . 
  free market of ideas , ect . 
  the best ideas rise to the top ( john stuart mill ) auxiliary * allows for a more comfortable atmosphere where people are n't afraid to speak * allows you to say something which might be unpopular in the future i 'm sure there 's more than that but i did n't want to stop writing to put on my thinking cap . 
  might edit this later to add more . 
  they all look shitty at first . 
  we 'd probably think it was fucking crazy if someone suggested putting the queen on all our money ( or even some of our money ) if that was n't already the convention . 
  you stop realising it 's ugly after a while and just see churchill 's face and immediately feel more patriotic . 
   `` the man who beat hitler '' i think the previously mentioned stalin was fearsome enough also , but i think more importantly franklin d roosevelt or perhaps theodore roosevelt are also fearsome enough to hold those accolades .
