  god damn english and its stupid irregular spellings . 
  that , and my dyslexia . 
  for a moment i was gon na send one of you two a comment say that you 'd accidentally double posted ... 
  i 'm mildly perterved now . 
  i 'm a trainee journalist who speaks english , german , french and a bit of spanish but the telegraph sends this guy . 
  * * \u00a1 una cervaza por favor !, 
  there was a debate in my school 's sixth form today between the five main candidates ( labour , green , lib dem , conservative and ukip ) for this constituency . 
  my old politics teacher was moderating the exam , and i had the good fortune to be able to talk to him imediately afterwards . 
  apparently they ( the heads of school ) were extremely uncertain as to whether to allow the ukip candidate to participate or not , to near coin flipping levels . 
  their fear being that a lot of ukipers are so extreme that it would be dangerous to expose kids to them . 
  and a lot of other schools in the area which have held similar debates have deliberately excluded him , for those reasons . 
  fortunately , the guy was allowed * and * he made a complete dick of himself anyway . 
  he managed to infuriate just about everyone ( including the staff , audience and fellow politicians ) near as soon as he started talking . 
  because i speak german and have spent a lot of time in germany with german people . 
  i 've seldom met a german girl who did not have a high pitch in english . 
  austrian girls are often more varied though . 
  sounds german to me . 
  german girls often seem to have extremely highly pitched voices when they speak english , like this person does . 
  for those that are n't aware : central bankers are essential public servants . 
  they are paid by the government similar to how doctors and the police are . 
  the job of central bankers is to decide how much currency to print . 
  private banks are the things in your high street who try and sell you mortgages and that you personally have a savings account with . 
  the private bankers ' job is to decide where the banks ' private money should be invested and what products to sell to the public ( like mortgages and savings accounts ) . 
  they are entirely private enterprises with share holders . 
  the european central bank is n't that much different from what i understand , in terms of level of political influence . 
  most of europe 's national central bankers are appointed by the national parliaments , and these central bankers then in turn appoint the ecb chief . 
  so there 's a further level of political detachment , but there 's still fundamental political input into the process, 
  we could let them in . 
  what 's a couple of thousand people a year to the 500million eu population . 
  we have a human duty to help our fellow beings , and not be purely self interested . 
  there should be a common european asylum policy , so refugees are distributed fairly , and a common european border force, 
  no , most of them came from worse places like niger , mali and niger, 
  if you think they post a lot already , you should see how much of their stuff i remove because of lack of sources , etc. 
  my dictatorial tendencies have been revealed !, 
  time to blackout the subreddit !, 
  quick !, 
  there 's a great comment by colbert  reality has a pro-liberal bias, 
  but surely , if the currency is being devalued , both the us and eurozone stock markets would appear to rise , because the only thing that 's actually changing ( in essence ) is the value of the medium of exchange ( the currency ) . 
  so there must be something more significant going on in order for there to be a * divergence * of the value of european and american stocks . 
  so basically , quantitative easing is helpful for the european stock markets , is what this graph is trying to say ? 
  i never trust myself to read financial graphs . 
  there 's always something i miss . 
  this story , it brings back so many memories . 
  remember how / u/naurgul used to grace us so often with his eloquence , and frequently his scorn ? 
  and do you remember how he used to be chased around verbally by the endless masses of stormfronters , yet he would continue to fight valliantly , pasionately ( read : angrily ) and courageously against the masses . 
  those were the days , my friend . 
  those were the days . 
  i 've always quite liked having sputnik news and russia today , not because i value them as news sources , but because i value their perspectives . 
  it 's like , i found it a lot easier to understand why gun totin ' , bible wielding , nigger killin ' ` muricans think * after * i 'd seen fox news . 
  you understand that this is what people genuinely watched and believe and you get an insight into the whole world view . 
   europe and co * ftfy, 
  it 's covered by automod scheduler . 
  i just ca n't get automod to work , because i 'm an idiot . 
  it 's probably a really simple five minute fix . 
  i 'll pm you about it . 
  darn , i knew i should have written it entirely in text speak !, 
   with the european high representative having decree and veto powers . 
  mogherini has veto powers in bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  do you have any more information on this ? 
   why would a russia sanction itself ? 
  how would you sanction yourself ? 
  only putin and medvedev can truly answer that , but if you 're not totally sure they did , then here 's the proof . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/07/russia-retaliates-western-sanctions-ban-food-imports  dmitry medvedev announces immediate import ban on meat , fish and dairy items from eu , us , australia , canada and norway http://www.dw.de/food-imports-ban-backfires-on-russias-economy/a-17888880  an embargo on food imports from the west has sent grocery prices in russia soaring and greatly worsened inflation . 
  the move is seen as a severe blow to the country 's stagnating economy . 
  sneaky use of the full name ( including the / u / ) because you * know * it will send him a message notification , 
  i do n't think it 's that unreasonable to not expect people read 500 words about the news of a foreign country for fun , especially if it 's boring news ( which it usually is ) . 
  one solution is to create two separate news threads : one for anybody to participate in , where you have a * maximum * threashhold for the number of stories you can submit ( say , 5 per comment ) , and a maximum word count ( say , 100 words total ) ; the second would be for the users who are already known to us as mini-experts on their own countries who are willing to put in work to make these huge thousand word long reports from their countries . 
  we could nickname them ` correspondents ' like on a real news network !, 
  both types of submissions are really interesting and fun , but in completely different ways . 
  i would n't want to casually read a thousand words on moldova when i am in a funny titbit of news sort of mood , and i would be bored by titbitty news when i 'm in the mood for depth and analysis . 
  so giving them separate platforms might really help . 
  but then you have the problem of but then there are problems like , what days do you put them on ? 
  we ca n't sticky two things at the same time , and if we do n't have them on the same day , when do we put them up ? 
  should we space them apart , alternate them with one week on and one week off ? 
  and is ` the mods messing around ' with people 's freedoms really a good idea ? 
  micro-mangagement could backfire . 
   there could be two series . 
  yeah that 's a good point . 
  i 've been trying recently to get automod to do the `` places you should visit in ... '' series again ( simultanously with the weekly news one , obviously ) but , as someone who 's experience with coding is 20 minutes messing around with raspberri pi , i 've had no luck . 
  i 'm gon na try and outsource it to somebody else . 
   grexident i felt near physical levels of pain just reading that . 
   nexident , frexident , hispexident , pruxident , polskident *** how god my eyes ***, 
  i do n't think your average internet user remembers the exact date of anything . 
  i mean , i can go over to the english wikipedia 's home page and am constantly surprised by all the things which happened today in history . 
  news is actually something that most of our users will be digesting anyway , and it 's just a matter of them sharing their local news with the wider community . 
  we 've not finalised the process yet . 
  some issues arose out of the way we did it last time , so we want to think everything through before hand . 
  it 's early days , but i expect that there will be community consultation . 
  teutexit still sounds off , but i like your thinking !, 
  maybe a prussxit or pruskit for prussian exit . 
  but with this  exit this needs one of those ` kill yourself ' memes ... 
  i 've only just learned to tolerate all the [ country ] - xit stuff . 
  now there 's a whole new level of horror . 
  albania , montegro and , best of all , liechtenstein , are my favourites . 
  i think liechtenstein will swing this in the eu 's favour . 
  how will russia survive without those falseteeth imports !, 
  for germany it would definitely be a gexit , but it does n't have the same ring to it and sounds too similar to the already well known grexit . 
  so we 'd probably just call it a german exit . 
  ( deu-exit also does n't roll off the tongue ) . 
  i ca n't think of ones for italy , ireland or finland for france it would be a frexit , for spanish it would be a catch spexit , for sweden it would be a swexit ( but this has an odd ring to it too ),
