  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21024828  the document also reveals that the queen did not consent to a private members bill in 1999 which proposed transferring historic formal powers to declare war - under the royal prerogative - from the monarch to parliament . 
  it gets confusing due to us having so many people with the title of `` prince '' , including the duke of edinburgh , prince philip who 's the queen 's spouse . 
  so obviously not in line to the throne at all . 
  it goes like this * 1 there 's the queen who 's married to prince philip at the top who 're incumbent . 
  * 2 then there 's the queen 's direct children , the oldest of which is prince charles the prince of wales whom every one despises ( some of it earned , some of it not ) . 
  i forget the rest of the queen 's children . 
  * 3 then there 's the third generation of royals who 're the children of prince charles . 
  the eldest is prince william , the one married to kate , and second eldest is prince harry , the good looking one who goes to afghanistan . 
  * 4 we 're also approaching the fourth generation which 'll be kate middlton 's baby . 
  so that 's the simplified succession order . 
  there 's a lot of complicated things which go with it that i personally find fascinating : it 's mostly to do with titles such as our queen being queen regent instead of just queen and who gets the title of prince of wales and why . 
  the only other really important detail which is n't just me going on a rant i can think of is that should one of the princes die , before their parent dies then it changes the whole succession order . 
  for instance , if charles dies before the queen does then all of a sudden william is not second in line for the throne and has little chance of becoming king * ever * due to the succession now deferring to charles 's brother . 
  at the moment every one is crossing their fingers at hoping charles abdicates in immediately in father of the much more popular william , but who knows . 
  i think that covers all the ` important ' stuff , though i might have missed some thing . 
  feel free to point out the gaps i 've left and i 'll try to fill them in . 
  they seem to be heading more and more towards a referendum , however , they 've only got two years to change their minds and they 're pretty against it at the moment . 
   in the years her importance has been build down , it 's mostly a ceremonial function now recently ? 
  if her role was recently built down i 'd be worried . 
  constitutional monarchies generally do n't give their monarchs any real power . 
  the british royal family has n't changed the way it operates since before queen elizabeth ii took the throne , which was 60 years ago . 
  considering the monarchy was pretty insignificant before that means it 's been a bloody long time since they had any power and i kind of expected the same of the other european monarchies . 
  i forgot to worry for our own monarchies ... 
  please not prince charles . 
  anything but prince charles . 
  i believe there 's a leader italian university which has already done this . 
  ( [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-17958520 ) ) some one in a different thread a while ago was suggesting english become the * additional * language of europe , meaning that it would be the default second language of every one in the eu unless they had a very good reason to pick otherwise . 
  kind of similar to how hindi is in india or french in west africa . 
  i 'm not sure how much i support that . 
  i certainly think that other countries like france and poland would benefit from having english play a greater role with in there borders and that they could maintain their culture whilst doing so . 
  there 'd certainly be a lot of benefits , but even as native english speaker some thing feels odd about other places adopting english such as the universities mentioned . 
  i do n't get some imperial sense of pride out of it . 
  if i feel anything from it , it 's unease at other people feeling as though english is so successful that they * have to * adopt it at the expense of their own . 
  very interesting issue . 
  nick clegg made a lot of promises which he could n't keep due to failure to acquire a majority , there 's some similar instances with cameron . 
  he did n't say majority in his speech , but he does n't want to do that referendum and will use anything to push it off . 
  he 's already pushed it off until five years in the future . 
  i 'm not saying they wont get in with or without a majority , or that the other parties are doing any better but it 's still a real clincher . 
  there 's only one government administration which served during the sovereign dept crisis and been re-elected . 
  so it could happen , but it 's by no means a guaranty . 
  you 're right . 
  we should n't make fun of them . 
  got ta keep it politcally correct : no saying bad things about people who happen to be of foreign ethnicity , or mentally incapable in some way , ect . 
  newspaper comments are literally worse than youtube comments . 
  do n't take it as representative of its readers though . 
  it 's only the people who have nothing to do or have a really strong opinion ( like racists do ) on some thing that they comment and the overwhelming majority of people who read newspapers online are n't ether of those . 
  if the conservatives get elected ^ ( with a majority ) next time ^ ( lol ) . 
  the statistics might be slight skewed in favour of the anti gay marriage crowd due  homosexual marriage should be allowed * throughout europe * they might be liberal liberals and thus believe that other demoses have the right to infringe tyranny ther 's rights if that 's what the majority wishes . 
  j. s. mill called it the of the majority , but quite a lot of people like . 
  i do n't and that 's probably evident from the way i wrote this , but i 'm sure the statistics are ever so slightly skewed because of it . 
  i 'd prefer `` do you agree that individuals be able to marry members of the same gender ( in principle ) '' or some thing like that . 
  it 's not a big issue , but felt it worth noting . 
  i love these infographics . 
  i happened to find myself in the economics classroom at school once and they had a very similar one from the guardian in a similar level of detail and style . 
  i think i spent a whole twenty minutes reading through the various information . 
  we realised that having dictatorial rulers , who are ok with controlling multiple other countries ' governments , is a bad idea . 
  we also realised that letting people voice their opinion is a good idea rather than just blindly doing what the guy on top says which may or may not be sailing thousands of miles to claim ownership of other people . 
  yeah the empire is n't exactly a hall mark of our golden days , nor is it in any way relevant to the modern eu debate . 
   reds i was under the impression bulgaria was eu now and thereby pretty much on the side of the west . 
  on that note i hope the eu starts imposing laws on nuclear safety . 
  i do n't want the reds or the eu to have another chernobyl and bulgaria does n't seem like it 's necessarily ready to be building nuclear reactors . 
  i mean in terms of safety measures . 
  since the fall of communism they 've had much more pressing issues than safety regulations and regulations are pretty damn important for this stuff . 
  this article seems to kind of understand the future narrative . 
  the eu will almost certainly become federal and it 's our decision whether we want that or to go it alone . 
  there 's no intermediate option and there 's no option to keep things like they are . 
  the fine print can be argued over , but the overall theme will continue . 
  i hope we stay in . 
  it 's better than staying out . 
  even if i am not 100 % comfortable with a federal union . 
  i do n't see many ( there 's one exception which i 'll get onto ) problem with having these , apart from counter arguments which can be broadly directed at any kind of army which is n't purely in it to defend their own territory and nothing more . 
  there 's no problem with specifically having drones or specifically with having drones with guns on them or with having apache helicopters and armoured tanks which are virtually impossible to destroy . 
  the problem i do see is the amount of power that militaries are getting . 
  not political power . 
  it 's still the governments who hold that and i do n't see that changing . 
  but the amount of force we can inflict on people now without so few losses on our own side feels kind of disproportionate and that feeling is accelerating . 
  the germans can have their drones and what ever else they want , but as the west gets better and better it 's becoming much more important that we have statutory safeguards to make sure we do the right thing . 
  given that we can now inflict almost any level of pain on any country with very few repercussions ( unless we use nuclear force or piss of china/russia ) means the * ethical * dangers of making a wrong decision are increasing dramatically . 
  i do n't know what i 'm hoping or asking for , but i 'd quite like it . 
   just opposition politicians looking to score points off the government as every opposition always will . 
  what ever the government does , it 's always the wrong choice . 
  i 'm gon na buck the trend say : good for them . 
  they got their mosque and can practice their beliefs . 
  it 's not like iceland going to suddenly become an islamic caliphate because they allowed the building of a mosque . 
  if people want to be muslims , so be it . 
  if there 's enough of them and enough funds and enough space they should also be allowed to build their own religious buildings . 
  it does n't matter if such social liberalism is not reciprocated in most majority islam countries . 
  people have a right to their beliefs in europe . 
  this is about the people and not the countries where their belief is associated . 
  i 'm sure the mosque in reykjavik wont cause problems . 
  i 've said this before : this is rather misleading . 
  just because water is a human rate does not mean that it is the state 's job to provide it . 
  if we have access to safe , potable drinking water through the government or through private companies than we have access and thus our human right is not being breached . 
  if you want to avoid liberalisation of the water market then fucking campaign for that and ** stop saying that our human rights are being breached ** . 
  nationalised water is great but not having nationalised water is not some how immoral . 
  it 's a very legitimate way to funnel water to people . 
  we 're western , first worlders . 
  our human rights are extremely well protected . 
  in almost all circumstances our ( westerners ' ) human rights are not being breached and they 're not about to be breached and especially not on a nation wide basis . 
  additionally : this campaign seems to completely ignore how free markets work in theory .
