  it 's often used as a way for reddit users to editorialise the content of whatever they 're linking to ( and editorialising is against reddiquette which is against sub rules ) . 
  it 's normally better just to link directly to whatever it is you 're posting about it 's evidently not bad enough for us to remove solely on those grounds , but it is shaky, 
  put it in the main submission . 
  it should be visible to all for scrutiny without having to hunt around . 
  i feel very uncomfortable with you posting this as a self post to begin with . 
  this submission has been removed for lacking a source, 
  you 're post has n't been removed . 
  it 's right [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y0tbb/headsup_popular_neonazi_site_daily_stormer_is/cp5javl ) . 
  we 're more than capable of putting up with criticism . 
  average vocabulary is between 20,000 and 40,000 words . 
  i 'm sure we 've all got a few mistakes lurking in there , which is why we should n't be ashamed when somebody else points out to us that they be found one . 
  merci, 
  i think we 've got to stop pretending that islam is somehow alien to europe these days . 
  it is n't . 
  there 's a significant minority in most western european countries and a large part of that minority was born there and a further large segment is converted natives . 
  we ca n't just tell people to go to ` where they came from ' because they came from here . 
  we live in a liberal society based on tolerance and diversity . 
  we ca n't tell those who are different than us to simply leave . 
  this has been removed because it has no source s, 
   that would be good as it would mean that the uk will leave the eu . 
  you want the uk to leave the eu ? 
  it 'd be very unlikely that they would force this measure though . 
  there 's very little benefit for the eurozone countries , and the uk will interpret it as a huge snub , two years before they may be holding a referendum on eu membership and cameron wants to go to europe and demand concessions . 
  that said , if the eu wanted to play it smart , they 'd amend the treaty to stop clearing of areas taking place in non eurozone countries , and then graciously relinquish the power and 're - amend the treaty later to show how much they all love the uk and want her to stay . 
  but the eu usually lacks the leadership necessary for such shroodness . 
  it 's easier to win if you destroy the competition . 
  i think we might have finally cured the gypsy thing here . 
  i 've not seen a gypsy hate thread in weeks , maybe months . 
  the reddiquette is part of the sub the rules and if you look up the reddiquette ( there 's a link at the bottom f every page kn reddit ) you will see editorialising is not allowed . 
  if you would like to report any further editorialialisations then we would be happy to look at them and consider removable . 
  moderator here . 
  this submission has been removed for editorialising . 
  please use the headline on the submission page . 
  not a stiff / r/europe conference ? 
  i was planning on turning up in my waist coat and everything : ( i 'm still gon na my waist coat . 
  you ca n't stop me . 
  i might not come to prague , but at least there 's my fancy waist coat, 
  someone page / u/savanjeff he needs to come . 
  prague is n't that far from poland !, 
  no excuse ( well , there 's actually a lot of excuses , but non i will take seriously ) . 
  're - approved, 
  moderator here . 
  this has been removed for lacking a source . 
  but im sure many others who had the same thought were, 
  are you sure this is the source used in the map ? 
  moderator here . 
  removed content for having no source, 
  if they say anything actually racist/xenophobic , then report it and the mods will take it from there . 
  we 're not gon na ban people just because of their name . 
  as much as i do n't like names such as this one ( along with names such as '' / r/titywangwhore '' ) but for internet names in general it has become the cool thing to just have an offensive username . 
  i 'm not gon na ban people for it . 
  they 've often made these accounts years ago when things were different . 
  if they actually show evidence of harbouring hateful , bigoted and/or xenophobic views , then we will take action from there . 
  but not simply from a user name, 
  and it has no source ( which is against sub rules ), 
  and it has no source ( which is against sub rules ), 
  it has no source which is why i 've delisted it from our subreddit, 
  moderator here . 
  this content has been removed for having no source . 
  this has been removed for bein spam and not fitting in with the theme of this subreddit . 
  do you not think you 're taking kind of a simplistic position here ? 
  i mean you 're position is basically ` tl ; dr intelligence gathering and bad gun regulation had nothing to do with it and no level of intelligence gathering or gun control could ever have stopped it . . 
  it 's 100 % immigration 's fault . ', 
  it 's always seemed ridiculous to me to simplify down complex issues to one cause . 
  the world does n't work like that . 
  the only people who think in these simplistic terms are blinded by ideology with no respect for the facts on the ground , simply validation of their pre existing views . 
  two people , the complete failure of the french and belgian intelligence agencies and the large amount of illegal trade in weapons in brussels . 
  a lot of things went wrong there . 
  what did you find so insulting about it ? 
  yeah . 
  virtually everyone who 's pissed at david cameron ( which is about 40 % ) . 
  basically everyone knows what he did was legal , but they want him to resign anyway because it 's just sort of a dickish thing to do . 
  to be fair , the pirates in the european parliament sit as part of the green group . 
  because the eu funds do n't go directly to the memberstates , they go back to the member states to fulfil specific tasks . 
  you have to bring in all the the money so you know how much you 've got before you can decide how it 's allocated on the various eu projects . 
   asylum serves one purpose : to save your life from persecution in your home country . 
  anything on top is a nice extra , but if it costs too much to the host country then yes , it should be done without . 
  well , no it should n't actually . 
  human beings have more than a right to exist . 
  they have a right * to live * . 
  and living is more than existence . 
  living is survival plus . 
  if you 're not going to give people the basic means to live , then you may as well not give them `` asylum '' in the first place . 
  what , so because i 'm british i 'm not allowed to have an opinion . 
  never mind that the standards that i hold turkey to are * exactly the same * as the ones that i hold the uk to . 
  i think that the uk 's record is appalling and way worse than turkey 's because we refuse to participate in the eu common asylum policy and we refuse to take in many refugees in the first place . 
  this may shock you , but people are more than just their nationalities and are capable of having opinions that disagree with their governments . 
  yeah , it 's so admirable that turkey did n't sign the refugee convention that the entire rest of the world signed up to which gives refugees rights and stuff , but turkey is n't a * complete * dick to them despite that . 
  yeah , good guy turkey . 
  good guy eu for facilitating this !, 
   you 're not here to start a new life . 
  so you should just live in near poverty , without any joys or things to occupy your time for years/the rest of your life until your country is safe enough to return to ? 
  the un refugee convention specifically enshrined the * right * for refugees to work . 
  it 's just a shame turkey is one of the only countries on the planet not to ratify the convention . 
  do n't forget human rights !, 
  the notion that we have inalienable rights is very european, 
  please do n't . 
  i know you 're being tongue-in-cheek , but there 's a very real danger that a majority of the population is going to believe a certain thing , but the vote will be the opposite because people do n't turn out . 
  well , actually a lot of the green policies which get touted are about making appliances use less energy but providing the same quality service . 
  for instance the green party of england and wales is strongly advocating making passivhaus standards mandatory for all new build houses .
