  people are more than just themselves . 
  you are your culture and your culture is you . 
  your culture stretches back hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  you are the product of it , as well as the conclusion to it . 
  i 'm also a cosmopolitan and believe that i am the product of all humanity , as well as more primarily a european and a briton . 
  we might not all be responsible for what everyone else has done , but we are connected to everyone else 's evil deeds . 
  we owe it to the world and to humanity to fix the mistakes of others , both passed and present . 
  often , mending things means apologising . 
  sometimes those that were best placed to apologise have passed on , which means it falls to the next most connected , and the next to do so . 
  eventually that leads to virtually any member of your culture or society who 's alive . 
  which is why i see it as my duty to at least apologise for the misdeeds of my my culture , my society and my history , where appropriate . 
  it 's our job and our duty to make the world a better place . 
  i ai n't touching that one, 
  i could name 50 other european cities of comparable size that have all of those ` benefits ' but one would never find them on a list of all time great european cities . 
  you made me look - i regretted it :(, 
   what 's the point of this - * / u/u5k0 *  instead of being a people carrier , this craft is designed to test two technologies vital to future missions : a heat shield and two rear flaps that move up and down to provide manoeuvrability * jacob aron * of * new scientist * , quoted in the article  if that test is successful , esa hopes to build a new space craft that exploits the ixv technology * ibim *, 
  we should make a rocket out of polygons , just to make sure everybody knows the idea was ours . 
  tbf i think / u/executivemonkey was kind of making a good point . 
  in this thread ( so far ) europeans , europe and european-ness are all appearing to be very superior in a direct comparison to the usa . 
  it 's nice to have some ballast in a thread that says whilst we may have the right to be relatively proud of ourselves in one area , we should n't get carried away . 
  for instance , whilst our media is much more impartial ( generally ) than in the us and our election campaigns ( generally ) more about the issues than the people and the rhetoric , we still have problems a ) with those systems in themselves and b ) problems elsewhere like racism . 
  / u/executivemonkey also did n't state that this was not a problem in his home country , but simply that it is a problem , and a deeply divisive problem here . 
  for all intents and purposes ( except when a user is not making a direct comparison between their place of living and another place of living ) we should ignore where a user comes from when responding to them . 
  it leads us to making conclusions about them which are unfounded , like you , / u/igelkotten , making the assumption that / u/executivemonkey was saying that the usa does n't have a problem with racism . 
  we have much more in our toolbelt but are unwilling to use any of it . 
  we have huge economic might but that 's worth nothing if i 'm not willing to use it . 
  i could have a nuclear missile that costs a gazillion euros , but if it 's too expensive for me to fire i might as well not have it . 
  the eu and the usa are unwilling to make ( serious ) sanctions because it would hurt consumers at home too hard . 
  therefor , our greatest weapon ( our economic size ) is worthless against russia because we wo n't use it . 
  yes . 
  we have the power and we have good reason to do serious economic damage . 
  and yes i would love to reach a diplomatic and long term solution . 
  but it 's been proven that on ukraine no such solution has has been reached and probably ca n't be reached . 
  russia is becoming more and more willing to exert its influence on eastern european states and every time it has happened the west has sort a diplomatic solution which has failed . 
  negotiations wont work which is why need to take serious action and do what is in our power to do . 
  but we wo n't and the russian administration knows this because of token gestures like this one . 
  i do n't see how these sanctions can be defended . 
  they serve no purpose . 
  they make us look weak . 
  sanctions in general are good . 
  these sanctions are ineffectual and counter productive . 
  then it is potentially the weakest first round that could possibly have been played . 
  if this was a boxing match , they would have walked decisively towards the opponent and then coughed on him aggressively or maybe jabbed an accusatory finger at his chest , irratingly . 
  if you want to send a message punch him in the stomach , hard . 
  that proves something . 
  if this is how weak our first round is going to be , how many rounds is it before anything even remotely note worthy happens ? 
  it 's basically a green light to russia saying we ai n't gon na do much . 
   i think it is best to not escalate the situation while negotiations are still underway then why are they sanctioning at all ? 
  you can take serious , tactile action or you can take non-concrete action . 
  this kind of limp wrist-ed tactile action is indicative of nothing but an unwillingness to take tactile action . 
  either do something well , or do n't do it at all . 
  if you do something badly it only proves that you either ca n't do it , or are n't willing to . 
  but the problem is that this does not convey any kind of threatening message . 
  it does not show that the eu-usa is willing to make serious sanctions . 
  it shows that it is willing to make token gestures which is all the eu-usa has been willing to do during this whole conflict . 
  sometimes it 's enough to push a battered regime over the edge ( like yanukovych ) but it also shows that the eu-usa is unwilling to take serious action * because * if they were willing to take serious action they would n't have made token gesture , they would have made a real gesture which caused real harm . 
  this gesture is so token that they did n't even include putin or the foreign minister in their list of sanctioned individuals !, 
  the sanctions look good on a headline , `` obama puts cuts of money to russian elite '' , or in a speech by francois hollande , `` today , we dealt russia the first of many serious blows '' . 
  but we did n't deal russia a serious blow and we did n't even really cut of their money ( they have plenty of other places where they keep it ) . 
  tl ; dr : we 've proven nothing with these sanctions . 
  we 've not proven that we are willing to take hardship at home in order to get the job done . 
  we had the opportunity to take some minor hardships at home in order to stop russia . 
  we did not take the opportunity . 
  this is an indication of an unwillingness to do what is necessary . 
  the reason we have made token sanctions is so that the political rulers can earn browny points for those that only skim read the headlines . 
  there are n't going to further sanctions , at least not serious ones . 
  if the best the eu and us can do to send a message that they mean business is sanction thirty people then they might as well have not sent any message at all . 
  the sanctions mean that a few newspapers will air stories saying ` eu and usa take concrete action against russia ! ', 
  instead of all of them saying ` eu and usa do nothing to prevent ukraine breakup ' . 
  it looks good on paper or in a headline but amounts to less than nothing . 
  that would be very true , if the eu-us sanctions were actually against the russian federation as a whole . 
  i 'm not sure how sanctioning 30 individual russian oligarchs is going to cause 100 billion dollars worth of damage . 
  it 's in the article itself . 
  they 're not even putting sanctions on putin and the russian foreign minister because the eu wants to ensure lines of communication remain open . 
  this is why the eu ( then ec ) got sidelined during the break up of yugoslavia and the it 's happening again now . 
  the only difference is the american diplomats ( it was vance then , and kerry now ) have made about as much success as we have . 
  well then it must have been a pretty poor joke . 
  on the contrary , i highly doubt it will be remembered as anything but a victory . 
  from a historical point of view , the crimea is simply returning to its normal sphere of influence . 
  it was part of russia up till c. 1960 and has a brief 50 jaunt outside of it and an even briefer jaunt outside the soviet union . 
  a sovereign state had part of its territory encroached upon but that 's really nothing that unusual historically . 
  however , a country of about 40 million people and a whole load of territory just became orientated towards the west . 
  russia has managed to claw back one tiny fragment of what has always been in its sphere of influence , but lost the entire rest of a country . 
  it 's not such a decisive win for the west as if crimea had willing come to , but just because it is not the most decisive victory ever to happen does not mean it is a huge victory . 
  just because you did n't get the whole pie does n't mean that the rest of the other 90 % of the lie that you now have is irrelevant, 
  that 's because this image was probably taken out of some larger document or report , likely eurostat , which us an organisation who 's sole intention is collected statistics of the eu , and of interest to the eu ( e.g. 
  fta countries like norway and switzerland ) . 
  the op gave us the title because the full context of the image was missing . 
  use the title he/she gave us and not the one in the image because the one op gave us is almost always going to be the more appropriate one . 
  tl ; dr : stop being so pedantic . 
  there 's no good reason for the usa to be on this chart . 
  this subreddit is n't just about making fun of the usa . 
  we can have an identity independent of them . 
  well , we do n't know exactly and precisely how our votes will effect any of the issues we vote on , but with many of them we do n't have to . 
  many decisions are value based , like `` immigrants ought to learn the language '' . 
  not from an economic point of view , but from a point of view about how things ought to be and those sorts of issues are worth voting on . 
  it 's for these reasons that i advocate largely ignoring party manifestos come election time and instead looking at party ideology ( e.g. 
  socialism , conservatism , the various strands of liberalism ) because ideologies are almost entirely about about values . 
  true , but this is n't necessarily a simple value question of `` what would i prefer ? 
  being in prison or not in prison ? '',
