  i think we have a responsibility to help the rest of the world and the rest of humanity , but that does not mean stepping in to decide who wins wars and rebuilding the world in our image . 
  we can support who we want , but we 're not going to intervene . 
  i do n't like standing by and knowing that fmg , for instance , is taking place , but i 'm also not going to let me self be ployed into the trap of thinking that `` doing something '' is better than `` doing nothing , '' especially when doing something means sending killing hundreds and maybe thousands of people . 
  russia invaded crimea . 
  the response to that was limited sanctions . 
  russia supported violent separatists . 
  the response was further limited sanctions . 
  russia continued supporting separatists . 
  the response was wide ranging sanctions . 
  the idea is that you slowly ratchet up the pressure as time goes on . 
  make sure that the person you 're persecuting and their electorate knows that the sanctions are proportional to their actions . 
  why are the balkans and mali any different ? 
  with the balkans i 'm slightly less certain , because the eu was n't in a position to really be imposing sanctions like it can now , because it was less unified , less well integrated and smaller at that period . 
  however , do n't mistake my apprehensiveness for condoning military action . 
  i still think that western intervention in the balkans was unideal and i would n't have been advocating for it had i been of protest age at the time . 
  if the balkans were to happen today , i would very much advocate that it be limited to diplomacy and economics . 
  the thing is , it 'll be several years if not decades before the fast-growing middle class and liberal reforms will have enough of an effect for china to become a real alternative to the european union for russia as far as trade is concerned , and i doubt that russia is particularly concerned about 20 years down the road . 
  the real issue is the next 20 weeks and 20 months . 
  i doubt sanctions are going to last more than a few years at most , by which point the global economic situation will hardly have changed . 
  what russia needs is a replacement for europe * now * , not a replacement for europe in several years , and fortunately for europe , no such thing exists . 
  which is a giant assumption to make . 
  we 've never had a direct war between two nuclear weapons states . 
  we have no idea what would happen . 
  there 's every possibility it gets thermonuclear . 
  it 'd probably be the end of the world , rather than the end of russia . 
  do you know how many nuclear weapons france and the uk have pointed at russia and visa versa ? 
  too many is the answer . 
  too many . 
  pacifism and soft power are the way to go for the european union . 
  the people who are crying for a western sponsored war in the ukraine are crazy . 
  it requires pointing out that the use of sanctions very much is a use of soft power . 
  i am for unified european armed forces because i do recognise that there is dangers in the world , but it would exist only to protect against threads to the european union itself , not to barge into neighbouring countries like libya and ukraine . 
  we will be using our soft power for that , like we are now . 
   what i find most ironic however is that the eu 's soft power , the oh-so-secret-wunderwaffe touted by those aforementioned people , is the one thing which the eu has been criticized most for being unwilling to use . 
  well of course one is selective with their most powerful weapon . 
  whenever sanctions are used , it hurts as ( in absolute terms ) just as much as it hurts the person we 're sanctioning . 
  the only difference is our economy is huge and so * in proportion to our size * it hurts us less . 
  we 're not going to go around sanctioning everybody all the time just like america does n't go around bombing every country at the drop of a hat ( only most of them ) . 
  when you send soldiers to war , your soldiers die as well as the enemy 's . 
  when we sanction , our economy shrinks just like theirs and makes us less capable to use them in the near future . 
  i 'm very proud of the role the eu is taking in this crisis , even if i wish it would do it with slightly more speed and vigour . 
  hi , sorry but we do n't currently allow amas in / r/europe . 
  / r/iama might be happy to have you , though . 
  [ google translate ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.fr-online.de%2ffrankfurt%2fein-cent-stuecke--die-gier-und-die-gute-tat%2c1472798%2c27968680.html&amp;sandbox=1 ), 
  i mostly agree with you on the / r/unitedkingdom analogy ( apart from there are a lot of labourites in there too ) but i do n't think that 's how eurosceptic is used in modern parlance . 
  eurosceptic is someone who advocates the cutting back of european project and a europhile is somebody who advocates the deepening of integration . 
  someone who is neither of these either favours the status quo or has no opinion on european integration . 
  i really do n't think there 's a bias or language as far as eurosceptic and associated language are concerned . 
  we do n't . 
  we call it a rag . 
  you hope ? 
  you mean you 're not totally confident that we will keep ordnung !, 
  * looks like we have another one for the gulag !, 
  i did a bit of research cross referencing eurobarometer surveys with the r/europe survey and it actually turns out there 's a pretty high chance that it 'll become moderately more eurosceptic . 
  although i think eurosceptic is a bit of an overstatement in this instance . 
  perhaps eurocatious or eurotentative would be a better word ? 
  where as this sub is definitively europositive if not filled with europhiles edit : forgot to link to the relevant stuff http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c11xv/reurope_is_now_a_default_subreddit_for_europeans/cjb0u5e, 
  you do know this is the only subreddit i moderate and the only real subreddit i want to moderate ( the other three are essentially for testing ) ? 
  you can check back with me in two years and find me still essentially moderating just this one serious subreddit , because it 's the only one i want to moderate . 
  many of the other moderators are similar except they moderate this and their national sub , but little else . 
  i moderate this sub because i like this place and i want others to share in that pleasure . 
  i like being part of something which does good . 
  you can condemn me without knowing anything about me if you want . 
  i do n't mind . 
  ill continuing maintaining this place for you and people like you irrespective of what you think about me . 
  i honestly do n't understand what you guys think people moderate for . 
  it 's not like we get some sadistic pleasure out of holding the power to ban people or remove a comment . 
  if i was into that sort of thing , going through the process of becoming a moderator is a pretty crazy route to fulfilling that particular urge . 
  anyway , i just thought you 'd appreciate seeing what a mod 's side of the story is . 
  hopefully it 'll put you at ease regarding whether we have the best interests of the sub at heart , rather than some sort of weird interest in becoming a ` super mod ' or something . 
  we will go forwards ensuring that more users leads to a better sub , rather than the other way around, 
  wednesday would be my ideal date to host it . 
  that way the discussions in both the weekly news and history threads will definitely have ended . 
  and there 's space on either side if we decide to add new threads in future, 
  i 've exchanged a couple of messages with the admin working on geodefaults and use got the impression it was more to do with the uk being a ) english speaking and b ) already having an entrenched reddit community . 
  and tbf there is somewhat of an argument there , even if i do n't personally think we should be excluded from the programme, 
  have you seen / r/european ? 
  i think that answers your question, 
  i 'm sorry , but maybe you should consider match.com or uniformdating.com ? 
  i think that 's more their area of expertise , rather than ours , 
  [ community rule 4 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) already got you covered , 
  if you 're interested in seeing more cultural content as opposed to news orientated or politics orientated , do feel free to let the mdoerators know . 
  there 's a particular idea i 'm feathering where one day of the week we have a sticky thread where we can all discuss a particular historic event or ` thing ' like the napoleonic wars , roman conquest , spanish inquisition , world war i or berlin wall , charlemagne , bismark and so on . 
  thoughts ? 
  national subreddits like / r/sweden were actually the first to be added to the geodefaults programme . 
  / r/europe is quite late to the game , seeing as places like / r/sweden and / r/austria were added a month ago already . 
  probably because we 're english speaking and have a very large reddit community already . 
  personally i wish we had been included though :(, 
  from what i understood , the whole ` geodefaults ' thing is still in the beta stage and will continue to be . 
  it just so happens that / r/europe was added at a later date because , well , when you 're adding regional things the admins went through countries like / r/austria / r/sweden first . 
   i never knew that reddit has the ability to make subreddits default based on location it 's a very new feature which has only been going on for a month or so , if i understand it correctly . 
  ( the reddit admins/admin does n't keep us super well informed ) . 
  also , regional subs are only enabled in * some * places , particularly non-english speaking places . 
  for instance , the the us and , more importantly , the uk ( :[ ) do not have regional subs enabled . 
   quality might decline a bit . 
  personally i 'm very positive about becoming a default , because i think that we have good moderation rules that will be deployed in order to keep trolls and the like out , and good content ( no image macros ) in . 
  additionally , just by virtue of the name / r/europe tends to draw a very particular clientele and that more diversity ( so long as trolls ect are weeded out ) will be overall positive . 
  there 'll be new challenges a head , but i think we 'll be able to manage them . 
  everybody knows / r/yurop is where it 's at, 
  `` land of mountains and mountains which have happen to be both plural and feminine at the same time ! '',
