  life may be hard in the post education part compared with the pre education part but that does n't really have a lot to do with the logic of a voting system . 
  a voting system should allow the party the electorate want to win . 
  i think that av does that better than fptp . 
  anyway , i do n't really see what the point of your rant was . 
  all it did was talk about how unfair life is and i kind of make me out to be an ignorant child who has experienced nothing of the world , which may or may not be true . 
  i do n't think that i am , but i 'm open to being wrong . 
  well generally the reason given is that younger people are too inexperienced to make serious decisions about how their country should be run . 
  which i had * some * sympathy with . 
  i 'm not trying to get at you . 
  i 'm genuinly interested in your anti-av argument . 
  i just did n't quite understand what you meant . 
  could you re-elaborate for me ? 
  i agree you with so much on this . 
  i 'm doing government & politics at college now and oh my word i wish i 'd been old enough to vote when that referendum happened . 
  we 've studied voting systems in detail and basically no one who 's done politics in our school thinks that fptp is a good idea . 
  it 's so sad . 
  i imagine it 's hard to keep a class 's attention when it keeps coming under rocket fire . 
  they ca n't even keep the same government for an entire term without it collapsing at least twice , let alone get a working education policy . 
  so if you 're not part of a * tradition , modern * nation state , then you do n't get to have self determination or to even own your land or decide who owns it ? 
  also , proximity to the territory is pretty irrelevant . 
  the islands are a protectorate . 
  which means the islanders handle internal affairs and the uk handles foreign affairs . 
  so the uk does n't need to be close because it 's role in the falklands is so limited . 
  non of this forgetting that the falklanders want it this way , of course . 
  your has more holes than swiss cheese . 
  so if america started contesting cuba , the bahamas or haiti 's sovereignty/self-determination then it could take control ? 
  * too much to argue on reddit * that 's just a cop out . 
  perhaps you should stop looking at it from such an outsider ' perspective ? 
  no one here argues that the falklands are british because we 're british nationalists . 
  we base it in fact and reason . 
  you really seem to be basing your argument on some sort of * the british are being evil in some indiscriminate way * . 
  by that logic all people in the united states of america should have to defer to some native american system of government , and the canadians to an inuit one . 
  am i correct ? 
  hong kong was handed back because it was only ever leased from china . 
  it was never 100 % colonised . 
  the lease just happened to be insanely long . 
  i fear you 're trying to humanise what is in fact a very inhuman entity . 
  it 's not like the uk is some cool kid in the school trying to impress all his friends . 
  that 's now how international politics works . 
  it 's not completely abstract from it either , but in this instance , drawing an analogy is just going to draw a bad , misrepresentational picture . 
  the uk is not trying to hold on to its empire . 
  every one knows it 's over . 
  the british over seas territories ( of which the falklands is one ) are the remnants which the british government literally can not get rid of despite trying . 
  i 'm not going to deny the situation is annoyingly tedious and rather bizarre but there 's really nothing you can do about it . 
  the british government is n't trying to hold those islands down , it is forced to by a mandate of the falkland people and their right to self determination . 
  they determine by themselves that they want to be british and the british have to honour that right . 
  it 'd be cruel to hand them a fate they do n't want . 
  imagine if the uk government randomly ceded northern ireland to the republic of ireland . 
  a majority of northern irelanders don ; t want that and it would be against their rights to do so . 
  i trust you hold all of this to be true ? 
  um , you might want to keep an eye on who is actually posting the messages  i was going to send something almost exactly the same as alloces though . 
  if you want to be really morally correct the argentines * and the falklanders * should leave . 
  but then you 're hurting a bunch of by standers who were just born in those places and may not have an opinion one way or the other apart from wanting things to continue the way they'e been doing for hundreds of years . 
  are you really advocating that the 41 million argentines and falklanders leave the continent and go some where else ? 
  wow , that 's pretty evil . 
  but i digress . 
  * : you said the islanders want to remain to the uk . 
  of course they do they came from the uk . 
  it would be impressive and newsworthy if they had opted for argentina . 
  '' * i have no idea what your point is with this . 
  you 're just trying to have a state the obvious competition . 
  would you like to put forward a point of view or just keep making bland statements trying to discredit what people are saying and then becoming discredited yourself in the process ? 
  one reason . 
  the people who live in those countries wanted it . 
  not the people who live in those countries ' neighbours . 
  absolutely no one inside the falklands wants to be part of argentina or to be independent . 
  there have been referendums on this on more than one occasion . 
  it 's not like the british government has n't tried to sort some thing out . 
  they were negotiating with the argentines but when the falklanders found out there was outrage at the prospect of becoming argentines and the talks were forced to cease , but argentina still thinks it should have them . 
  oh i am sorry , did n't look properly . 
  my bad . 
  i consider myself fairly well versed in the falklands debate . 
  would you please enlighten me as to how i am so ignorant ? 
  it really would n't mattered whatever country we were next to . 
  i feel more comfortable knowing tha the russians are further away , but i 'm not going to be going crazy just because some one i do n't specifically like has been living next to me for the passed three * hundred * years . 
  if our neighbours want to define themselves as russians and be ruled from moscow , so be it . 
  i 'm not going to invade them for it , so long as they do the same . 
  argentina on the other hand , has a different view . 
  before i sign off i want to stress that those islands have been held be the uk literally since before argentina was a country . 
  well this sounds good . 
  if the eu decides to take up the case it could finally make argentina stop acting like such a baby about the bloody islands . 
  it 's about national pride because people turn it into an `` us against them '' game . 
  if the irish suddenly claim and successfully took a huge area of completely unpopulated and unprofitable land in northern ireland , the british and the british public would probably get a little pissed off . 
  it kind of feels like the other guy is stealing what 's yours . 
  usually people do n't go to war over it because they do n't get * that * upset , but the argentines are , unusual . 
  basically . 
  the national governments want these islands for their money and their political/strategic power , whilst the public want national and often misplaced pride . 
  anyhow , my point was that a unsc member only needs enough hard power to defend itself . 
  which the eu does . 
  each member states has enough hard power behind it to protect it from minor hardships and there is the support of nato for harder conflicts . 
  there is already pooling of military resources . 
  it just so happens its shared with a larger entity than the eu itself . 
  is n't there more than enough military power within the eu 's member states as it is ? 
  the uk and france are some of the only nuclear weapon 's holders in the world and have the third and fourth largest defence budgets in the world . 
  there 's enough hard power behind just those two , let alone if you pooled the rest of the other counties ' smaller militaries . 
  i do n't think soft power is enough on it 's own . 
  you need to have the power to defend yourself without the us , which the eu can , despite it not doing so in practice ( nato ) . 
  the eu does actually mobilise some of it 's nations ' fire power directly . 
  anyway , apart from having that level of military might i do n't see the necessity of having any more to be a unsc member . 
  well the un does hold an extraordinarily large amount of soft power .
