  if you want a list of our past amas so far , you can see all of them in the sidebar . 
  -- and a cheeky plug : if you want to propose an idea or raise an issue about this subreddit ( whether amas , weekly threads or something else ) then / r/europemeta is there for you ( and for us ) 365 days a year . 
  -- happy new year and hope your christmases were merry , slyratchet and team, 
  the ama will take place on wednesday , january 13th , and will officially begin at 4 pm greenwich mean time ( gmt ) and end at 10 am on thursday , january 14th . 
  there will be 1 hour of questions only before the official start . 
  [ more information over at / r/geopolitics itself ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/40g2ul/on_the_13th_rgeopolitics_will_host_an_aua_with/ ), 
  [ it 's live !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/40sd3a/we_are_three_eu_foreign_relations_experts_here_to/ ) the ama will take place on wednesday , january 13th , and will officially begin at 4 pm greenwich mean time ( gmt ) and end at 10 am on thursday , january 14th . 
  there will be 1 hour of questions only before the official start . 
  this is the [ andrew marr show ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b0758zr4/the-andrew-marr-show-20032016 ) . 
  it is a pretty good programme which usually features a lot of different content , but the centre piece is always a big interview with a politician that 's really made waves this week . 
  for instance , a few weeks ago it was [ london mayor boris johnson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iwojb86-em ) who had announced that he was backing leave and in previous weeks they 'd had [ jeremy corbyn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqqzytmzofy ) , the new leader of the main opposition labour party . 
  but it also features [ a rundown of what all the sunday newspapers are covering ] ( https://youtu.be/yqzt8bryjme?t=20s ) . 
  as well as a [ cultural section ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkuyt7vcyjm ) . 
  -- so , is there anything like this in your countries or regions ? 
  so from before 10pm on thursday june 23rd we will be running a live thread to cover the results of britain 's referendum on whether to remain in or leave the european union . 
  this coverage will likely go on intermittently for as long as events unfold , both in terms of the vote results themselves and political responses to those results . 
  basically we 're looking for people who are interested in the result of the referendum and will be following it live . 
  all you have to do is post any new pieces of information that are happening to the live thread , whether it 's a tweet , link to an article or just quoting what you heard a newsreader say . 
  concise commentary is also welcomed !, 
  you do n't have to be awake all night to contribute ^ ( ( but it helps ! ) ^ ) . 
  if you think you will be awake and at a keyboard ( or even a touch screen , if you think you 're tough enough ) at any time within approximately 24 hours of the polls closing then just give us a comment here or a private message and we 'll probably add you as a contributor on the day . 
  nb : you do n't have to be british to contribute . 
  we 'd be interested in those who are n't british or are n't living in the uk reporting as well , as this will enable us to pick up any reactions coming from other countries and also helps share the burden out in terms of time zones !, 
  best wishes , slyratchet and the mod team, 
  interesting , in my experience servus was relatively formal . 
  the people i was staying with told me off after several days in styria for using `` servus '' because there considered us friendly . 
  i do n't think europeans really care if you are `` experiencing europe '' legitimately or not . 
  maybe this is something that americans like to look down their nose at other americans about , but it 's not something we particularly care about . 
  i do n't think you ever really can ` experience ' europe , or the uk , or london , or croydon in that sense that you have a comprehensive overview of what these places have to offer . 
  even small places like single villages have vast cultures that would take a long time to really understand at a deep level . 
  i ca n't say i have a comprehensive understanding of the culture of the uk or even the city i live in . 
  and i do n't look down at anyone else for not understanding the local culture either . 
  if you come here and you have an experience of what our culture is like , then you have `` experienced it '' . 
  you can experience it more , by staying here for longer and talking to the locals , or you can experience it less , by just hopping from city to city , day by day . 
  they 're both experiences . 
  one scenario will definitely get a better appreciation for the places they visit than the other , but both are experiences and neither is illegitimate . 
  it 's a question of degree , not a question of legitimate or illegitimate, 
  iirc the uk is also more expensive than basically any country that uses the euro ( including belgium ) . 
  that said , our prices still have nothing on real scandinavia, 
   because the ideological edifice on which the eu is built will suffer if the uk leaves . 
  i 've often seen t be opposite argued , that the uk is holding the european project back and federalists should hope that we leave . 
  it needs a bush more than it needs a trump or whoever that black guy is ( carrson ? ), 
  i think you 're overstating how non conservative europe is . 
  the politics of each country is actually very conservative these days , and largely focused on retaining the status quo.it 's just that the status quo is decisively more liberal than most other places, 
  what / u/asyx said is basically correct . 
  the news that we get in the various european countries is usually only news that effects our countries . 
  in the uk the only news we get about europe which does n't directly effect us is news of the greek crisis . 
  that said , spain is often considered the florida of europe because many europeans go off to spain to retire and enjoy the warm weather , much like americans do in florida . 
  this leads to some interesting developments . 
  for instance , spain is the eu country with the most british nationals ( with over 1 million , which is about as many britons as there are in the rest of the eu excluding the uk combined ) . 
  this also means that there 's an active branch of ukip there , the british nationalist political party which wants to withdraw the uk from the eu ( and thereby remove all of these pensioners right to retire to barcelona and the balearic islands ) . 
  the economist is quite good , especially online . 
  but if you want something more eu dedicated , the eu observer us the way to go . 
  euronews is also quite good but it focuses too much on various national issues ( especially those of the language it is reporting in ) rather than pan european issues , like the politics of the european parliament , commission , etc. 
  it 's better than national news organisations though . 
  but personally i find european subreddits like / r/europe to be the best place because they aggregate news from all over . 
  i know i 'm biased , but i would n't spend so much time there if i did n't think it was good, 
  additionally : the new kid on the block populist party we have in the uk is extremely neo-liberal but also socially conservative and very racists . 
  does the front national have these qualities as well , or do the drop the economic neo liberalism ? 
  answering a question does n't mean you should dumb it down to the point where the answer is meaningless . 
  would n't it be kind of odd bringing an american product ? . . 
  hershey 's is very much a us thing, 
  i 've heard that british fudge is apparently quite good , so i 'll definitely be bringing some of that , especially if i can get the thornton 's name on it . 
  do you think it would be worth bringing other kinds of sweets and chocolates ? 
  i mean , even the netherlands is known for doing confectionary better than us and in the swiss and austrians even more so . 
  if i bring them over some british sweets and chocolates it might be somewhat underwhelming , do n't you think ? 
  i 'd thought of bringing digestives , and maybe even milk chocolate digestives , but i had n't even ventured so far as to even imagine bringing chocolate hobnob caramels . 
  such genius . 
  also , you 've reminded me of a lot of uniquely british products that i 'd forgotten existed and wish that things had remained that way . 
  for the searching out of loans bit , do you know if there are any websites or something which i can use to locate what sort of financing might be available ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i want to go to a european uni , but being from a very ` disadvantaged background ' ( my family is in the lowest income bracket ) means i ca n't rely on my family to finance my staying in a foreign country for three or four years without outside help . 
  so i end up in the odd situation where , despite being form a poor background , i might have to go to a more expensive uni , because they 'll provide loans to the more expensive ones ( in the uk ) but not the less expensive ones ( in some european countries ) . 
  so yeah , do you have any advice for finding loans as i 'm pretty sure i 'll be needing one . 
  additional question : how did language play into it for you ? 
  it looks like your either from or live in bulgaria , so you 're going to either have bulgarian as your native language or have had to learn bulgarian . 
  how did that work out ? 
  did you know the language of the country your uni is in before you went , or did you have a good handle on it before hand ? 
  well , some universities require you pay tuition fees . 
  organisations ( such as student finance england ) exist in order to provide loans to students who want to go to university . 
  in addition to this , there 's also maintenance loans to pay for accommodation , food , clothing , ect . 
  you can also sometimes get grants , which you do n't have to pay back , but this is usually only if you are from a disadvantaged background , financially . 
  i 've got to disagree with you a little bit about how quickly one can learn the local language . 
  you * might * become competent enough in the language over a semester to be able to do your daily tasks ( shopping , laundry , maybe even some socialising and newspaper reading ) but it 'll be * at least * a year before you could even contemplate going to do a full blown university degree , taught in the local language . 
  that requires a stamina , near comprehensive grasp of vocabulary and handle complicated , nuanced grammar . 
  i think it is unreasonable to expect someone to achieve all of that in just a few months * whilst they * are also starting an incredibly socially and academically strenuous undertaking ( starting a degree ) . 
  battling with the complicated concepts in one 's own degree is hard enough without forcing somebody to learn an entire language to fluency at the same time . 
  in the english speaking world , the difficulty of learning a language and the time scales involved tends to be incredibly over estimated , but one semester is a brutal underestimate . 
  you 'll only be able to learn the basics of the language in that time . 
  just want to point out something to a lot of people making posts here . 
  a lot of posts talk about how a majority of public opinion in country x is in favour of staying in the eu , and therefor people are quite happy with the situation . 
  however , op is using the uk as a base mark for a country which is generally unhappy about the eu , and we have a modest majority in favour of the eu just like everybody else . 
  so the discontent with the eu is more to do with the size ( or lack there of ) of the majority of support for the eu , rather than that majority simply being there . 
  in my opinion , they are people and they live in croatia , but can also live outside croatia if they have citizenship . 
  but that 's just like , my opinion , man . 
  most houses in my city ( sheffield ) were built between 1850 and 1900 for miners and steel workers . 
  my house is fairly average , in that it is a terraced house built for miners so it 's about 110 to 160 years old . 
  however , the interior is pretty modern imo . 
  the only real indicator of it being created two centuries ago is the relative high ceilings , steep stairs and one of the rooms has a nice ceiling . 
  i think you 're being very selective in what you pick out from your memories of those places .
