  the idea of representative democracy is n't that the citizens should look at one or two of the policies of a political party and try and make some kind of judgement as a whole . 
  a voter is supposed to decide what their ideology is and vote for a party that matches their ideology . 
  that party will then form a government and react to events as they come in a way compatible with your and their ideology . 
  it 's the big ideas that matter , not the specifics . 
  it 's a democracy . 
  a party will come forward and place euroscepticism as a central part of their ideology and you can vote for that piece of ideology . 
  that 's how this system works . 
  that 's how our democracy works . 
  yes i 'm arguing it was for their benefit . 
  the us taking of civil liberties post 2001 is an example of when taking powers is bad , but for countries with a strong tradition of democracy , the central government taking powers and having negative consequences is more the exception than the rule . 
  where would the us economy by in 1950 if it were n't for fdr 's strong state intervention in the economy back in the 1930s ? 
  where would southern europe be now if the eu had stubbornly refused to act ? 
  the euro would be bust for a start which might well put an end to borrowing for all countries which use ( d ) the euro for a start , the situation in greece , portugal and spain would be just as bad if not worse . 
  it would be the end to the common market and the european idea . 
  a large economy like this needs transfers from the richer areas to the poorer ones . 
  otherwise the poorer regions get poorer and the rich get richer until the poor are so poor they ca n't stand seeing their money vanish away to people thousands of miles away anymore and the project collapses . 
  everyone wants the project to continue . 
  eurosceptics remain at the fringes of the politic scene . 
  people do n't want to lose freedom of movement , freedom to work , the better economic growth . 
  i want to comment on just one area of your post which i think has a presumption i want to drew attention to as it 's a presumption i think a lot of people have . 
   i believe that it is similar to the terrorist scare in the us , where the government used it to get implicit consent from the population to strip its rights in exchange for the promise of protection the trend for bodies with significant devolution of powers ( like the us , eu , uk , all the historical forms of what is now germany ) is to take greater powers for themselves when the situation demands . 
  but is that a bad thing ? 
  the us took a greater roll in people 's lives to combat the great depression and later world war two . 
  was that a bad thing ? 
  washington never gave those powers back to the states or to the people and the states nor the people never asked for them back . 
  people are inherently opposed to even mildly dangerous change in times of peace and stability , even when there 's a chance of an even better future . 
  it 's a very logical frame of mind to be in , ie not taking risks you do n't need to . 
  but when crises happen the status quo ai n't so great ( eg 1914 , 1931 , 2008 ) and so it becomes acceptable to take a mild risk in order to maintain peace and stability . 
  that risk being the transfer of powers from your local bodies to more powerful , more central ones . 
  then this becomes the new status quo and people become very pleased with it . 
  it 's brought them stability , peace and prosperity . 
  the eu is the answer to the crisis we have been facing since 2008 . 
  banking union and more centralised control will be the answer but people would n't accept it until the times demanded it , which is why now most peoples of europe are tacitly accepting it , just like has happened many times before in the history of democracy . 
  this is a democracy and we can stop the process at any time , if a majority of people decide so . 
  this is n't a dictatorship . 
  it 's an interesting point of discussion i think a lot of people simply assume is bad without considering it more thoroughly . 
  this is my hastily typed and tiredly written contrary point of view . 
  edit : please nobody downvote any of the replies . 
  it 'd be nice to have a good discussion on this controversial issue . 
  gdp growth across eu is about -0.2 % , so yeah , basically they did n't grow . 
  if they 're white it means they grew in line with the average gdp/capita of the eu , and since that change across the eu is basically zero it means they changed by basically zero percentage points . 
  this should n't be * that * surprising as we know that southern countries like romania and croatia are plagued by some of the same problems which are plaguing the rest of ( southern ) europe . 
  wow , this happened in an episode of yes minister which aired around the time this happened . 
  i did n't realise it was so accurate . 
  as a british person and closeted environmentalist , i have mixed feelings about this . 
  on the one hand , woo a british company drilling for oil which will inadvertently benefit the uk and europe , on the other i 'm not so sure about bp anymore . 
  maybe they 'll have finally changed their ways , and if they have then i have no real problem , but if they mess up the north atlantic/north sea ... 
  does n't bear thinking about, 
  yeah , i think you 're right about the bnp , but i do n't want to count my chickens before they hatch . 
  even as someone who 's avidly pro-europe i 'd still tell people to go out and vote even if i knew they 'd vote ukip , just because in my eyes ( as a europhile ) ukip is a hundred times better than the bnp . 
  the way i see it , if you have * any * preference for any party over any other party then you should vote . 
  for instance in some elections i really do n't care all that much , but i vote because i want to keep the [ bnp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_party ) out . 
  they have two representatives in the european parliament , one of which represents my constituency and i hate that . 
  vote for someone in the corruption wing in order to keep the insanity wing out . 
  we won it , but not nearly so easily as we defended ourselves after the fall of france, 
  we 'd be just as easily blitzkrieged over water as over land . 
  what it would make us susceptible to is a land invasion after paris fell . 
  the channel has always been our major defence against continentals ( along with cannons on the south coast ) . 
  but the blitzkriegs show that whilst we can hold our ground from naval attacks , it 's a different story from the air . 
   the problem with your argument is that it actually makes english less useful for europeans to insist on british english . 
  be is understood as a regional dialect of english , and not `` neutral grounds '' i 'm not sure what you mean exactly by `` neutral grounds '' . 
  no accent is truly neutral . 
  when i hear europeans with distinctly american accents it puts it on a background of american culture * just as much * as a european or indeed myself speaking with a british accent places what 's being said on a background of british culture . 
  furthermore be 's words sound foreign to you and perhaps your peers because you 're not used to them . 
  i 'm not going to argue that you should `` relearn '' english or something . 
  you 've learnt it now and that 's fine . 
  however to claim that british english words sounds strange to europeans because they sound weird to you is very circular logic . 
  i can see what your saying about american english being partly the product of european simplification which makes it easier for europeans to learn , but i really do n't buy into it . 
  they 're both equally difficult . 
  there 's a few loan words from european languages like `` cookie '' which comes from dutch but there 's also different loan words that be speakers use that americans do n't . 
  for instance the `` coffee is not foreseen '' phrase is becoming more and more popular , which was brought into be through native french and dutch speakers ( the phrase is common to both languages ) . 
  so for me that argument just does n't hold water . 
   requiring people to not only speak a foreign language but also arbitrarily accommodate a minority of english-speakers in europe be are not necessarily a minority . 
  most of the natively english world uses something which either is or very closely approximates one of two dialects . 
  there 's the british dialect , those which are very close to it , and the american dialect . 
  the british dialect is spoken in the uk ( obviously ) . 
  the american dialect ( or dialects ) is spoken in the usa ( obviously ) . 
  those which approximate the british dialect include all members of the [ commonwealth of nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_nations ) which has an over 2 billion people in population . 
  not all of those countries are majority english speaking and not all of approximate be exactly , but they all speak english much more like the british than they do the americans . 
  for instance whilst canada is geographically very close to the usa it uses the be spellings ( centre , aluminium , labour , polarisation ) . 
  furthermore , whilst i am counting several dialects here , there is strong evidence that the us does n't have one singular american dialect . 
  i 'm not just talking about new england vs california accents , but also cajun and hispanic dialects . 
  so there 's a strong case for british english actually being the majority dialect of english . 
  furthermore , even if the american dialect is the majority one , you still live much closer to the uk and ireland and malta than you do to the usa . 
  even if you find yourself in china , you 're much closer geographically to natively english speaking country which approximates be than ae , this is without mentioning that only until recently ( c. 2010 ? ), 
  china itself learned be . 
  additionally you 're much more likely to come across be speakers in the real world because of the common market and the eu 's freedom of movement . 
  it 's easier for you to go to britain than america . 
  it 's easier for a briton to go to you than to the us and it 's more likely that you both will because of the economic incentives to do so ( freedom of employment in other eu countries ) . 
  so is british english really * less * useful to you than american english ? 
  i think we 'd reject it on cultural grounds rather that strategical grounds . 
  most uk citizens are pretty resigned to the idea that we 're not going to be at war with the continent anytime soon and if there is a war , it wo n't be fought using conventional forces . 
  personally i 'd be against it because i feel as though it would ruin pretty much all of our coastal cities . 
  i mean , the capitals of the uk 's four constituent countries ( london , edinburgh , cardiff , belfast ) are all originally port cities . 
  just about the only major cities i can think of that would go unskaved are glasgow , leeds , birmingham and sheffield ( we 're important , ok ?! ) . 
  i 'm not gon na go down the `` it 'll damage our economy '' - route because , whilst a significant shipping and maritime industry does remain , the trend is towards such industries playing an even more marginal roll * and * those industries are already very far from the cities they initially started in . 
  canary wharf used to be the main port of london , but now all the shipping traffic hardly even goes up the thames river at all . 
  same story for liverpool . 
  but here 's the real clincher for me . 
  what 's the benefit of it all ?
