   economic differences will stay exactly the same between the ` ins ' and the ` outs ' not necessarily true , but more importantly that is not necessarily an eu issue . 
  the eu is here to benefit its member states and in the long run united europe . 
  uniting europe should be done slowly and not be rushed . 
   the cohesion funds have been doing absolute wonders for helping out the economies on the periphery . 
  that 's very good for the periphery countries , but it requires the western countries to foot the bill . 
  you could make the argument that they 're creating bigger export markets , but they 're still footing the bill in the short term and that bill is a lot bigger due to the amount of countries being added so quickly . 
   it 's unfair to use greece i 'll admit it is a slightly different issue , but it is systemic of the same problems . 
  it is a different matter , but not an alien or '' * entirely * different matter '' . 
   i just do n't really see where expansion is the inherent cause of any of these problems . 
  expansion in and of itself is not the cause , it is the way expansion has been conducted and the criteria for allowing entry . 
  states have gotten in who are n't ready and the eu in many cases is not ready ether . 
  if cowording foreign policy is hard now or coming up with a concept for what a federal europe should look like is hard now , just think how much harder it will be when we have even more members who are even more different in so many ways . 
  it is a multiple faceted issue . 
  the 5 problems i brought up are , as i said , just the ones i alone could think of off the top of my head . 
  i 'm not in the best situation to be arguing the case as of right now due to time restrictions , but even if you discount all of the problems i listed , it is still note worthy that i could pull those up and put them all under the banner of expansion problems with such little effort . 
  sorry for haphazzard writing . 
  i hope my points can be interpreted . 
  not being as good as beethoven is hardly an insult . 
  it 's look being told you 're not as hansom as prince harry or as smart as einstein . 
  it hardy comes as a surprise . 
  some how this one feels more patriotic than my national anthem , god save the queen . 
  not sure if that 's because of my personal feelings about europe or what . 
  it does just sound like a better anthem . 
  there 's some economic reasons such as * allowing countries free-movement despite radically different economic situations for the population which leads to immigration overflows in other states . 
  * wealth redistribution from the north-west to the south and east again due to economic disparity which poland is a notable beneficiary of . 
  those are the two economic ones i can think of * on the spot * . 
  the main problems are the changing of the demographic of the european political institutions like parliament and the council of ministers * most notably veto powers have become extremely problematic due to the amount of states which wield it . 
  in the us if 75 % agree then the 25 % have to put up with being told what to do ( a negative example is prohibition . ), 
  vetos sort of worked in a union with 6 or 9 members , but now we have 27 , soon 28 and rising which leads to almost no treaty change being possible unless every state gets exactly what it wants which never happens . 
  a good example being the strasbourg parliament though that was a problem before the enlargement but it 's a good example of why veto powers can be bad and the problem certainly only gets worse with more members * economic differences between the new , eastern members and the old western members lead to a radical shifting in demographics irrespective of cultural values ( cultural values are probably pretty similar which is why the european project can work , but economic differences are making us not `` one demos '' ) . 
  so we end up being a mostly eastern based union despite the western members being the ones footing the bill , ect , problems problems * improper criteria for entry : i 'm going to try and use greece as the example here as it was let in without proper scrutiny of its budgets which lead to the euro crisis . 
  had we been examining states properly before entry greece 's mismanaged budget might not have got us into this mess . 
  other states have the same problem i 'm running low on examples of the newer states leading to problems as most of them have n't been in very long compared to the rest so there 's a much smaller catalog of examples to choose from . 
  these are only the reasons i can think of an broadly explain off the top of my head , right now . 
  there are other issues i ca n't fully explain as of right now like newer members not complying so well with ideas of democracy and of civil liberties ( i heard about slovenian police brutality at election protests ) but as i said , i ca n't explain those fully so i wont try i hope this is a decent introduction . 
  same here , but still only anecdotal evidence . 
  edit : he might have been actually been latvian . 
  not sure . 
  i have difficulty remembering . 
  did n't know the guy super well . 
   to say it is simply socioeconomic status is ignoring over 400 years of american history . 
  that 's a very good point i 'll adopt if i 'm saying something not very nice about a group of people which roughly correlates to a minority group . 
  often one 's only defence is `` i 'm not racist , but '' , however pointing out history nicely places the blame on the majority so it is difficult to be accused of racism . 
  it 's just useful to finally pin point another reason than `` cultural differences '' bs . 
  some times , in debate , you have to say things about ethnic or religious groups and you need a way of delivering it , without a whole bunch of people pinning you down and shouting racist at your face . 
  god article 301 is stupid . 
  it 's nice that they 're trying and they are involving and inviting people to discuss . 
  it 's also nice that high brass is being open about what they want for europe . 
  however , they need much better traction if they want any lasting impact , perhaps get a proper campaign going ? 
  a well funded european federalists party which goes around campaigning in a similar fashion to the national parties would provide that traction and create a much more fantastic spark . 
  i doubt any one not already very interested in europe is going to take notice or if it will even trickle down much . 
  all it takes is one big headline , and then it 's in `` every european citizen 's mind '' , but short of that i do n't know if it 'll be enough . 
  feels more like a lean vaguely in that direction . 
  there 's gon na have to be a lot more steps for it to amount to anything . 
  if the future of the debate is more of this , i doubt they 're going to reach their goal of it being on every european 's mind . 
  it does n't really feel like a `` debate '' on the future of europe . 
  it feels more like a ` here 's some sound bytes of people talking about things tangentially related to the future of europe ' . 
  glad that talks are being continued rather than blindly blocked , but i 'm cautious that the eu prepares politically for such a big enlargement should it ever happen . 
  we 've already had a lot of problems due to how over expanded we are . 
  the eu seems to be pushing enlargement to and passed the limit the eu can with its current method of running . 
  we need to think of more representational ways of representing states and think of a better way of dealing with treaty change and the mighty veto . 
  it 's been very difficult to get anything done for a long time despite all the motivation in the world . 
  some reforms on the eu 's side are in order , not just turkey 's and eastern europe 's . 
  a-levels are taken by people in year/grade 12 and year/grade 13 which translates to pupils 16 years old to 18 years old . 
  however an a-level course is broken into two chunks , one year/grade 12 and another year/grade 13 pupils . 
  so this text book only applies to those who are in year/grade 13 so between the ages of 17 and 18 . 
   in one section , it devotes five lines to the advantages of britain having joined the european economic community -- and 26 lines to the disadvantages . 
  the book is thought to be taught in large numbers of british schools , part of a bestselling series for a-level students . 
  ooooooh dear , 26 lines , such bias . 
  as a europhile and eu advocate this is rather pointless . 
  text books should always try and offer as many points of view as possible when it comes to history as that 's the nature of the subject . 
  if it fails to do that , it fails to be even a half decent a-level text book . 
  however the evidence here seems to be breath if non existent . 
  it says `` british people were kept in the dark '' and `` they were told there were no political implications attached '' both of which are true . 
  that 's not bias , that 's just stating the facts . 
  whilst i do think the text books should try and be impartial through providing multiple points of view [ for history ] it does n't seem necessary that the text book has to be perfect . 
  it has to be decent , yes , but not perfect . 
  a large part of the as and a2-level courses are about using multiple sources and not relying on one source , ie a text book . 
  ** in conclusion ** , this is a non issue : there 's little evidence it 's actually being bias ; even if it is it 's obviously not to an extent which is even worth mentioning . 
  it 'd be nice for the text book to have more pro europe stuff , but it sounds like europe is more of a side note in this text book as it is . 
  we should n't expect every where that mentions europe to offer both points equally . 
  as are yours . 
  agreed . 
  i 'd prefer this much closer to the top despite personally advocating nationalised water industries . 
  and now you get the troll tag . 
  also , the largest economy on the planet to support 50 % of the world 's welfare spending . 
  we would n't be able to afford half the planet 's welfare , if we did n't have the literacy to create the economies to fund the taxes to provide the welfare . 
  we can all follow luxembourg 's example !, 
   everything should be for profit including people ? 
  that never worked out well . 
  whilst i understand the libertarian perspective reasonably well , it has flaws on numerous levels . 
  perhaps the benefits outweigh the impracticalities but it is very far from a won debate ether way you look at it . 
  so calling europeans `` economically illiterate '' just because there 's an initiative with a lot fo signatories does n't really , well , seem like a very logic jump . 
  it seems rather na\u00efve on your part . 
  considering those on the opposite side of the debate to you to be illiterate simply for thinking different . 
   abundancy is what created conditions for democracy and all this technological and personal freedoms growth . 
  that is over now . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  there might be some thing here . 
  let me read more .
