  we do n't need to prepare that much for bad weather ether . 
  in sweden you guys need to be able to use a skid pad , which is pretty hardcore . 
  a ) there 's plenty of national identity in most places , so much in scotland they 're trying to become a completely new state . 
  if there is a loss of national identity it can hardly be put down to the eu . 
  b ) are nationalist identities really that worth protecting ? 
  the only people who really use nationalism politically are those imposing immigration restrictions racist policies ( anders breivic sound familiar ? 
  ) . there 's not a lot nice to say about nationalism , some but not a lot . 
  c ) you have a problem with having standardisation across the eu like the metric system , working standards , human rights , ensured that your spanish tomatoes are just as safe as british/finnish ones , travel , political cooperation , free market , ect ? 
  what ever problems you have with a federal europe are no reason to hate the idea of an eu driver 's licence . 
  feel very free to have problems federal europe , there 's a lot to dislike however those problems are not represented in the driver 's licence . 
  there 's other problems with the driver 's licence , just not federal europe problems . 
  i was under the impression the british ( and various other armies ) offered their services in logistics to the french to help lower the war cost because france 's actions are a benefit to most of europe but no one else is actively participating . 
  it 's all to do with european solidarity . 
  no explosions ? 
  is it bad that as a europhile i actually prefer it with this sound track . 
  i feel slightly ashamed to enjoy it so much ... 
  it 's not that close is it ? 
  to me it looks about as far away as afghanistan . 
  whilst i admit that that has been able to affect us . 
  afghanistan is n't exactly close by . 
  libya was close , but this is n't really . 
  it 's close enough to affect us , but not really severely . 
  not exactly sure what the point of this video is . 
  it 's always nice to see when the eu uploads videos , but i 'm struggling to see why they made this one specifically . 
  `` yay , defence '' i suppose ? 
  i would just like to say , yes . 
  this is where i stand on the video . 
  i 'm fairly certain others stand in the same position , but you 've explained it well enough so i 'm just going to do this  ditto the guy above . 
  at least the trolls and racists are getting down voted . 
  not sure wether to laugh or be offended . 
  not sure whether joke , or made with real intent ... 
  yeah * cough * i can be prone to bnp-ish out bursts ... my bad side apologises . 
  it 's certainly cheaper to have some one else do it , but i see your point . 
  that 's very detailed ... 
   bigger than the member states luxemburg , malta , slovenia and cypru just fyi , those are pretty much all micro states . 
  i mean slovenia is the only one that you can even see one a world map , let a lone point out . 
  yeah , that line excludes a nation which has * links * with europe . 
  it 's not necessarily european though . 
  canada and the us are observers on certain eu programs because it is beneficial to do so for both parties . 
  same with turkey . 
  but full accession ? 
  i 'm not saying turkey ca n't be an eu member . 
  i 'm just saying that the eu 's main , underlying goal and principle is to create a united europe , free of war . 
  turkey does n't fall under that category , at least most of turkey does n't . 
  i know it 's an arbitrary line . 
  it really is . 
  unfortuntaly that arbitrary line is one of the things that stops us from trying to over achieve . 
  the guys in brussels and european capitals would surely love to bring peace and unity to the entire world , but they have to succeed in bringing it to europe before that . 
  when that works , we can raise our horizons . 
  in the mean time i wish turkey the best of luck in getting in even before those horizons are raise on different criteria than `` because it 's in europe '' . 
  that criteria works for most countries ( it 's why the balkans are on the enlargement agenda ) but it ca n't work for turkey . 
   freedom of speech is binary if you stick strictly to the definition it is binary , however there really is a question over how free * it is good to be * in terms of speech . 
  for instance : is it ok to say some thing that directly incites violence such as saying `` let 's burn this man 's house down '' . 
  would following some one around with a megaphone shouting profanity at them be protected under free speech ? 
  most people would have a hard time saying that * should * be protected by law . 
  there are very few places on the planet which have genuinely free speech in it 's strict definition because it 's not necessarily a good thing to have . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing ether . 
  we 're in a position to preach because we 're in a very good situation in terms of our human rights and our media freedom . 
  the bigger issue with turkey is that it is criminalising people who we believe have done nothing wrong . 
  even if our media is n't free , we 're certainly in a position to say that they 're mis treating people for no good reason ( though the whole west is n't perfect on this ether ) you have to buy into the `` west should set the global standard '' argument for this to make sense . 
  i 'm not going to argue that we should be imposing our will upon the world and i 'm not going to argue the opposite . 
  i think we 're in a position to improve some other places like afghanistan , somalia , libya , syria and turkey so long as we do so through peaceful means ( unless it 's for our own protection . 
  that 's a different issue . 
  this ran on a little bit , but it kind of made sense , though it expanded to include much more . 
  the same with the word `` conservation '' , however i have these thoughts but remember that i am completely ignorant of the country in practice and probably should n't let what i think about the place affect what i do in anyway . 
  if i get hands on experience , then i 'll let it affect me . 
  seems to be the case every where , so long as there 's an agreed upon `` other '' . 
  like with ireland a big characteristic about being irish is not being british . 
  so irish nationalist * extremists * take * hating * the british to an extreme . 
  similarly a big part of being british * for some people * is not being european , ect . 
  well they kind of are . 
  we do n't have unlimited free speech ( whether we should or not is a complicated issue ) . 
  however we have very close to free speech . 
  turkey however , is very very far from that . 
  it imprisons thousands of journalists . 
  we do n't . 
  i do n't think western europe has more than ten journalists imprisoned based purely on the work they did . 
  i 'm not including the leveson defendants here because they broke into people 's stuff ( be that stuff physical or not ) which is a breach of a non journalist related law . 
  anyway , you get my point ? 
  sure we 're all bad , but on this front turkey is in a different league to the rest of the eu . 
  i looked up some other statistics from china before ( ca n't remember what they were ) and it looked equally dubious . 
  it does with most statistics which can be easily distorted . 
  yeah , the number of british flags visible in the european subredit gives some kind of idea of the * active * guys who actually use reddit . 
  i get the impression if some one 's in this reddit , they 'll be in the national reddit as well . 
  we will withstand the outsiders !, 
  we can assimilate them !, 
  we 're still number one !, 
  stop making it sound like less with logic !, 
  i am riving in nationalism right now . 
  ca n't you see ? 
  let me enjoy it !, 
  i already had / r/england . 
  i 'm going to head over to / r/scotland right away !, 
  no / r/europe ? 
  i 'm not saying we can choose . 
  i 'm saying he might abdicate for a whole host of reasons , one of which being the general public hates him . 
  i really do n't know what you 're getting so angry about . 
  it was merely a note that it has a possibility of happening and not that we have the choice to make it happen . 
   eu are not going to force countries to renationalise , that would be ridiculous even if it is ridiculous and not the eu 's remit it does n't mean the petition is n't trying to get them to do it . 
  i do n't know who 's behind the petition or how noble their intentions are .
