  and ireland draws similar lessons from its own passed . 
  it 's not about `` oh we are an oppressed people ! '', 
  that 's not what / u/profix is trying to say , or at least i do n't think so . 
  what he/she is trying to say , is that irish people look on their own past , and they see a history of oppression from the british and they take from that , the principle that they should not do the same to other people . 
  it 's a worthy lesson . 
  one of the other moderators removed it for being really out of date ( may 21 , 1994 ) . 
  i did n't actually look at the submission the first time over because all i saw was that it had been submitted wrong . 
  i mean , the main reason we like posts to be submitted as * submissions * rather than as self posts is so that we can use some automoderated procedures to inspect them ( usually this consists of adding warning labels if the its from an unrepeatable newspaper like the dm , fox news or russia today , or flagging the moderators if it 's a potential spam site or a godforsaken lolcat meme or something ) . 
  but anyway , once you put it through the appropriate channels , another moderator picked up on it and and pointed out the date issue . 
  the content kind of falls into a grey area , where it 's neither * new * s but also not worth being a self post in and of itself . 
  maybe if posted a discussion thread saying `` is n't it interesting that this is n't the first time what 's happening in crimea today has happened '' but i doubt that would get much attention . 
  if you want my advice , just sit on this particular link and you can use it in a comment somewhere , when appropriate . 
  usually we 're very accepting of all sorts of different links , so long as they are about europe , but this just falls into an unfortunate limbo land . 
  i hope this has n't put you off submitting new links in the future . 
  moderator here , this post has been removed as per rules 3 and 4 ( visible in the side bar ) . 
  given the history between india and the uk , our economic and cultural links are actually significantly lacking . 
  the uk , so far , has really failed to capitalise on the growth of its former colony, 
  that 's very interesting , however laws have very little effect on how languages actually work . 
  languages kind of like to do their own thing . 
  furthermore , i do n't speak american english and i have been speaking this entire time about british english . 
  american legislation wo n't be able to effect even the way american english is spoken in any significant way , let alone a dialect of the same language spoken in an entirely different country . 
  so , whether the united states passed an act or not really has very little to do with whether a british person ( or even an american person ) uses `` is '' or `` are '' in conjugation with `` the united states '' . 
  languages just do n't work like that . 
  no amount of arguing is going to change the fact that this is just how a significant proportion of be speakers speak . 
  all i 'm doing is explaining some of the linguistics behind it . 
  the empirical evidence is there . 
  you ca n't disprove it . 
  yeah , you 're very correct and everything , apart from that countries , in british english , can sometimes be treated as plural nouns , which a third person plural conjugation ( e.g. 
  are , have , go ) instead of a third person singular conjugation ( e.g. 
  is , has , goes ) . 
  for instance , i do n't think any dialect treats the word `` police '' as a singular noun . 
  nobody who speaks english properly says `` the police is ... '' but instead will say `` the police are '' . 
  other good examples of collective nouns are `` the bbc '' ( or other organisations ) and `` the government '' . 
  the important thing to note is that whenever we treat countries as collective nouns , we 're not saying that there are lots of parts to the country , but simply that the country is consists of a lot of individual people who form a group , and it 's this group which is acting , which means it 's plural . 
  for instance , i can also say `` france are going to war '' because i am referring to `` the people of who make france '' rather than , i do n't know , the various d\u00e9partments of france . 
  the distinction between using are/is with either the usa or united states of america , i think is just a style choice . 
  the usa is , in every instance i have ever read it , been treated as a singular noun , but on multiple occasions i have witnessed the united states of america being treated as a plural noun in the same way france is sometimes treated as a plural noun . 
  so yeah , your history is good and everything , but this does n't have a lot to do with the `` state ** s ** '' part of the `` united states of america '' but more to do with the fact that the usa is a country , which consists of lots of different people , just like all other countries . 
  sorry if i caused any confusion . 
  moderator here , this has been removed . 
  if you want to post a submission , just use the `` submit new link '' button on the side . 
   btw us `` are '' or `` is '' ? 
  in british dialect , sometimes you can use `` are '' and sometimes `` is '' but if you want to play it safe , just use the word `` is '' all the time . 
  when using british dialect , if you use the usa 's full name `` united states of america '' then you can follow it with `` are '' instead of `` is '' although `` is '' also works . 
  if you use its short name `` usa/us '' then it sounds strange if you use `` are '' . 
  not tell me what the european council is !, 
  sorry , but this has been removed under rule 5 . 
  moderator here . 
  this submission has been removed for being inaccurate . 
  grammar capitalist respects your individualism . 
  grammar communist is overbearing , and willing to make revolution in order to enlighten you of their superior ways of spelling and grammar . 
  nowhere near enough uk students do that to make the kind of impact the impact we 're seeing in these statistics . 
   talks ' ( or potentially talk 's ) i hate to be a grammar communist and everything , but this is one of those things where it would be nice if it had been done right in the first place . 
  i thought at first that  some guy `` talks optimism ... '', 
  i wish that they did a break down of where the brain gain was coming from , not just where it was going to . 
  for instance , with austria , i can only account easily account for about half of it because of all the germans moving over the border into austria . 
  i have no idea where the other ten thousand are coming from . 
  likewise for germany , about 40,000 eu professionals come to germany each year , and i can only assume that they do n't come from other german speaking countries , apart form 6,000 from austria . 
  the map is really interesting , i just wish it was a * little bit * deeper . 
  the simple brain drain/brain gain catagorisation masks some of the interesting details , like italy appearing as a `` drain '' country , but still welcoming over 11,000 eu professionals ( as opposed to 12,000 leaving ) . 
  additionally , what i find interesting is that in some of the very hard hit brain drain countries , they are still welcoming significant numbers of professionals . 
  for instance , spain has lost 17,000 but still welcomed 6,000 , which is twice as many as the entirety of finland ( a brain gain country ) . 
  ( i 'm not trying to diminish the fact that some countries are genuinely being very hard hit though , such as greece , romania and poland ) . 
  i think there is a really interesting underlying trend behind the two obvious ones . 
  the two obvious ones being that everybody loves the uk ( the uk is the first , second or third most emigrated to destination for every country ) and that people who speak the same language like to work together ( germany/austria , france/belgium and netherlands/belgium being good examples ) . 
  the underlying trend is that , for almost every country , once you get past the top three destinations or so , there is an even spread of eu professionals migrating all over the eu . 
  for instance , a lot of different countries , who speak various languages , will each , individually , send a small number of professionals to spain , which means that the eu work force in spain , as well as everywhere else , will be vary diverse as far as origins are concerned . 
  i do n't really think that 's true . 
  we have a faster growing economy , but in the german speaking regions of the eu , or the french speaking parts or even just the english speaking jobs which are available , offer more opportunity than in the uk . 
  not to mention that these jobs are often a lot better paid . 
  those are largely skilled workers though , who will work for extended periods of time and have to go through somewhat lengthy processes in order to earn the ability to work in a given job . 
  at least that 's what i understand it . 
  for me , having the freedom to just get on a plane or train , end up in whatever european country and work , with as few questions asked as if i had lived there all my life , is just something i always want access to . 
  no worrying about visas . 
  no worrying about borders . 
  no barriers . 
  this post has been removed for being both factually inaccurate , not providing a source . 
  it 's actually been months if not over a year since i 've seen any significant anti-gyspy stuff . 
  did you see that pok\u00e9mon thing ? 
  where they got a thousand or so people and tried to make them play a game of pokemon together ? 
  it worked out awfully and took many times longer than it should . 
  it 's the same with making any diplomatic issue public . 
  just let the politicians do their work and we 'll judge the result and make all the big decisions , rather than asking a the 500,000,000 people of the eu exactly what they think of the microeconomic effects of the ttip deal on various local industries . 
  travel yes , but it 's more than that . 
  for instance , a lot of the times when i go and visit people i get a job whilst i am there to help fund our extravagances together . 
  it 's also about having the freedom live with these friends and stuff , if we want to like we have done in the past . 
  freedom to only visit just falls a bit short imho . 
  there 's almost no restrictions on dual citizenships in the uk , so it 's all good . 
  also , keep in mind that the british economy is doing better * now * , insofar as it is the fastest growing , but it 's doing very badly in the sense that it has taken so long to reach these levels of growth . 
  for instance , we only reached the level of gdp we had in 2008 the other week , where as a lot of the other major eu economies reached their pre-2008 level years ago . 
  personally , * when only considering economic benefits * , i would always go to the larger overall economy that has equal or better living conditions ect , because that economy will always provide more options to me . 
  but obviously purely looking at it purely economically is not how one should look at it . 
  for instance , i have friends and family here in the uk , who i would n't want to leave behind , but i also have many friends in the german speaking regions and elsewhere who i would n't want to find myself separated from . 
  these people influence my decisions more than economics , i think . 
  america 's an awful example . 
  the whole melting pot thing would n't work in europe and would be awful if it did . 
  switzerland is a good example , or maybe belgium . 
  belgium has two or co-equal and official languages , all of which are equally accepted and switzerland has at least four . 
  each of the different language zones , cantons and states are home to different sorts of cultures and traditions . 
  it 's not like they formed a country together and decide to all coalesce and start speaking fritaliaeusch ( french/italian/deutsch ) , frutch or dench ( french + dutch ) .
