  as it stands , many people support violent punishment in response to violent crime . 
  you were definitely espousing that view . 
  if you do n't want to be caught out for saying stupid stuff , make it clear you 're not serious * before * not after . 
  to be fair , it 's highly likely that both of the david cameron 's likely successors have done the same thing . 
  george osborne ( currently chancellor ) and boris johnson ( mayor of london ) were both at the same university ( oxford ) at the same time , and were even in some of the same clubs ( e.g. 
  the bullingdon club ) . 
  if it was an initial ritual , then i 'd say there 's a 90 % + chance that the next prime minister has also done it, 
  it 's called a backronym . 
  somebody sees a word , and realises it 's an acronym ( or an initialism ) of another phrase and then deduced `` this phrase is definitely where that word came from ! '', 
  my favourite example is ` chav ' which describes a particularly yobby , working class youth who wears burberry ( usually ) , and people have ` figured out ' that it 's a backronym from `` council housed and violent '', 
  i always find american reporting of uk events to be hilarious . 
  when david cameron visited the usa before the election usa today ( one of their top newspapers ) got the two miliband brothers mixed up . 
  it was all just filled with small but hilariously bad mistakes . 
  or maybe we could just not kick anybody in the cunt ? 
  it 's just a thought . 
  i mean , the justice system is there to correct people and prevent them doing bad things , not to make us feel happy that other people are being punished, 
  i think it 's amazing that were stampeding towards horrific man made climate change which will radically alter our ways of life and kill billions , yet it 's hardly talked about in comparison to ** relatively ** unimportant events such as the greek bailouts or the refugee crisis or the war in ukraine . 
  man made climate change is worse than all of these things combined yet we do nothing and pay it no attention , and even worse , half of the economic elite of europe have mobilised actively to prevent anything being done about it . 
  i just do n't understand the silence , the indifference and desire by companies to protect their short term profits at the expense of the earth long term, 
   always -  i mean in regard to pick one, 
  anybody remember that they agreed to take in 800,000 asylum seekers a year and made all sorts of statements like ` there is no price on being human ' ? 
  seriously , stop with this stereotype . 
  the german government has been pushing an ideological agenda all throughout this , not a financial one, 
  they 're really not socialist . 
  syriza is a much more modern and new type of organisation , which is n't really the same thing as the socialism that were used to, 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission was removed because it is not relevant to europe . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  hmm , that 's interesting, 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  please submit the article directly ( not as a self-post ) without editorialising feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  iirc there was actually a deal on calais which somewhat ameliorated it . 
  true , but you 've also got to remember that pasok still exists and supports the same policies that all the former pasok members and ministers implemented . 
  those who switched form pasok to syriza were certainly displeased with pasok 's policies and want to implement things which are more radical than what they were doing before . 
  for me it set in about a month ago . 
  still waiting for it to kick in for everybody else . 
  it think the thing about crisis fatigue is that it mostly effects those who have a compassionate response to the crisis ( which is why it 's related to compassion fatigue which is what you find in ambulance workers , etc ) . 
  so people who are saddened seriously by the refugee crisis and want to , broadly speaking , help get tired out whilst those who 're angry sort of enjoy the anger ( because anger is a more addictive emotion ) . 
  that 's my understanding of it at any-rate . 
  my understanding of psychology is pretty basic ( and only really existent insofar as it is relevant to economics ) so maybe somebody who is more learned on the subject can step in . 
  you 're really reading too much into that . 
  salty did n't provide any reason why he thinks what he thinks . 
  you 're inferring a reason . 
  i 'm sure there 's an argument that you just committed a conductive fallacy or something . 
  i do n't think salty was seriously arguing that line of reasoning - he 's just saying that you can spin the argument either way and paint it as a justification for either a more right wing or more left wing response . 
  the response should be based on reason , not based on going `` well this did n't work , ergo , everything on this end of the political spectrum is a failure and we should do what i said we should do in the first place . '', 
  [ the fallacy fallacy ] ( http://existentialcomics.com/comic/9 ), 
  eh , only if it is actually a fallacy . 
  it 's not always correct to say that the middle option is the best option , but it is usually correct to say that bother sides of the argument have their strong points , and their strong policies , and that usually there is a degree to which they can be merged together to make something good . 
  you can see this in the aftermath of the uk election , where the victorious , right wing conservative party suddenly adopted the losing , left-wing labour party 's living wage policy within a week of the election . 
  i mean , no party is perfect . 
  there will always be problems . 
  and that party 's rivals will usually pick up on them and bring up alternatives . 
  it 'd be even more ridiculous to argue that one individual , or organisation , is 100 % correct . 
  it is possible , but it is statistically improbable . 
  the ideological ground in between two extremes will always be huge , and the answer will nearly always be found in the middle of the ideological playing field somewhere . 
  if you ca n't comprehend what the greek electorate is thinking , then you must really not be following it very closely . 
  people are desperate after years and years of endless austerity which is why they are being drawn to more extremes which offer them a way out of the endless crisis . 
  that 's why golden dawn is projected to get 7 % and why syriza is set to form a government . 
  syriza is still a radical outlier , which has n't become so tainted by government like other parties , especially pasok . 
  they 're still different , and exciting and they offer hope . 
  they 've only been in government for 9 months , i think it 's reasonable that those who voted for them in january will vote for them again now . 
  it 's all pretty reasonable and logical from their perspective . 
  i 'm not saying i 'd vote for any of these parties , but i can understand why they have , and it 's not hard to understand why . 
  it 's called crisis fatigue . 
  you see the same thing with climate change . 
  people still think the grisis and man made climate change are serious issues , but it gets exhausting to constantly care about them , so people become exhausted ( fatigued ) . 
  you call it laziness , a german would call it efficiency, 
  i believe it 's called ` reinforced ' proportional representation . 
  basically , the greek elections use the a similar proportional voting system as the one used in european parliamentary elections and broadly produces similar results ( that is , a few quite large parties and several small ones ) . 
  the only difference is that whichever party gets the largest number of votes gets an extra 50 seats to help ensure stable government . 
  its reminder of greece 's relatively recent history of dictatorship , and their desire for strong yet representative government . 
  it 's attempting to avoid the situation you get in israel , where they have 100 % proportional representation , and so extremists on the right and left have a huge amount of influence ( which somewhat helps explain israel 's apparently extreme policy towards palestine ) . 
  the overall result is that greece usually has two party coalitions ( one large party , one small party , as was the result in the last election in january and will probably be the result today ) but without the +50 seats , then they would increasingly get 3 or 4 party coalitions ( or more ) which would be * hugely * unstable . 
  more like a 10 metre pole held with gloves by somebody else . 
  less questions , more wei\u00dfbier and wei\u00dfwurst, 
  i do n't know where he finds the time to treat sick people between bouts of pulling merkel 's strings, 
  nice to raise the profile of cultural content a bit , 
  largest building in europe ( at least formerly ) !, 
  top gear did an episode in romania once where they visited it , and got to do some racing in the tunnels underneath . 
  i tried to find the video on youtube but it 's unavailable . 
  i ca n't remember all of the characteristics which are measured , but the most common ones which are measured are iirc : comment removals , submission removals , comment approvals ( i.e. 
  approving something when there is a report on it ) , submission approvals , making a flaired comment , making a sticky , banning users , and unbanning users . 
  it might surprise you to know that dclauzel actually approves more submissions and comments than he removes . 
  is there a recording of this ? 
  or a better stream ? 
  it keeps lagging seriously badly for me , which kind of ruins the effect . 
  it 's a very good show from what i have seen through the lag though, 
  dclauzel is an incredibly hard working moderator . 
  he does more work than any other moderator on the team by a huge margin . 
  it is a natural repercussion that a moderator who does so many mod actions on a daily basis will inevitable make a several wrong decisions on a daily basis . 
  it is the job of the rest of the mod team to overview each other 's decisions and vote to repeal them where necessary , which we do whenever dclauzel or any other mod oversteps the line . 
  he 's been stripped of his mod permissions until further notice and we 're currently deciding whether to make this permanent or not . 
  this data is also cherry picked because it only includes two first world countries ( poland and netherlands ) .
