  look at portugal and spain , they 're basically the same . 
  is this because smaller countries are more interested in what goes on outside of their own country ? 
  on a per capita basis there are twice as many belgians here as germans , more than 3 times the amount of swiss than french . 
  that 's an interesting observations that i had n't much considered . 
  i think there certainly is a tendency for smaller countries to be very focused on politics outside their own countries . 
  afaik the republic of ireland reports a lot more on what happens in the uk than the uk reports on what 's happening in the roi . 
  bigger countries tend to have this idea that they 're top dogs in the world and that nobody is above them , but smaller ones know that they only have strong by relying on everybody else , which means focusing on eu politics . 
  for some of the eastern states as well , the eu is basically responsible for their existence in a lot of ways , by providing them an infrastructure to integrate with and support them after the fall of the soviet union . 
  -- all that said , i do n't know if this actually ties into reddit usage . 
  i would be fascinated if it did , as it would be such a strange real life change based entirely on something that * seems * arbitrary and insignificant . 
  but to me it feels like this is just too neat and preposterous . 
  if there 's any more information on the matter i 'd love to read it . 
  you can see how it 's easy to get the two mixed up !, 
  especially when chtorrr is mod of several subs that do a lot of amas ( and victoria as the admin responsible for amas ) . 
  yeah , i think the uk was excluded because the initial purpose of the geodefaults were to expand into new markets and especially into * new languages * . 
  the uk , otoh , already has a high number of reddit users compared to continental europe and speaks english . 
  that said , i think ireland is geodefaulted ... 
  non of it makes much sense , really . 
  i get the * impression * that they were sort of going for a kind of ` liberal ' and ` core ' europe , but at the same time do n't understand europe very much . 
  you 've got to remember that these are mostly techjunkies who live in california . 
  i think the most foreign person on their team is irish ( and an irishman in california , at that ) . 
  -- i 've not got any comprehensive information on who is and is n't geodefaulted :( they never told us ( and probably never will ) and it 's quite time consuming to test out . 
  we got most of our information from users when we made the thread announcing that we were being geodefaulted and asked them to log and for a second and see if it showed as ` subscribed ' . 
  all i know is that a swiss , serb , russian and a turk told us there was no geodefault for them ( and obviously i checked for the uk ) . 
  luxembourg or belgium could be missing for all i know , and thailand included !, 
  i really have no way to tell other than by browsing the subreddit itself . 
  you can see why we chose to join in on the reddit blackout and demand better tools and communication from the admins . 
  there 's also always / r/europemeta !, 
  mod here ( not an admin ) just like to say that we never really got a satisfactory answer . 
  i honestly do n't know why the uk , russia , and serbia ( and switzerland and turkey , as well as probably a few others i 'm forgetting ) . 
  i 've been wanting them to include the uk for ages :( and also the geo-default programme has been shelved because the admin that was working on it is no longer with reddit . 
  heard that straight from the horses mouth , in the ama with reddit 's new ceo . 
  so , all the current geo-defaults are gon na stay geo-defaults unless the mods of those subs decide not to , but if they do , they 'll never get it back and no new sub will ever become a geo-default . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i do n't spend an awful lot of time in / r/worldnews , apart from when a few big stories happen . 
  ooops !, 
  i 've forgotten victoria 's username :(, 
  the eu pays me to shill for them on reddit and i 'm really good at it . 
  so , sort of !, 
  i 'm confused by your findings . 
  look | | | | | | -- | -- | -- | -- | | uk | 65m | 2444 | 26,629 | | france | 67m | 611 | 109,759 | how come france 's sub density is 4 times as large as the uk 's despite france having a broadly similar population but about a quarter of the users ? 
  ( i do just feel the need to mention that there are both more british and more german flaired users than american flaired users ) . 
  any stats on euro users , like the british , germans , french , etc. 
  i think a lot of americans come over here and either lurk for a long time or just leave ( after choosing a flair ) . 
  for instance , during the paris attacks the subreddit activity tripled or quintupled . 
  i do n't doubt that it included a lot of americans , who likely come over just to catch up on that specific event and have n't been back here since . 
  likewise for things such as the ukraine crisis . 
  having a flair does n't mean you 're a regular user . 
  otoh the europeans who have flairs are far more likely to comment regularly , because a lot of the stuff which happens here effects their lives and is relevant , rather than just these single , world ( in ) famous events, 
  i 've actually wanted to do that for ages :( but alas , technical difficulties . 
  and them not giving us enough tools to do cool stuff . 
  that 's why that whole [ blackout thing ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/reddit-blackout/ ) happened ( which led to the removal of ellen poe ) . 
  still waiting on those tools they promised ... at least they hired a replacement for victoria aka / u/chtorrr . 
  it 's something . 
  the reverse is also true . 
  i know a few americans working in europe who have the flairs of the countries they 're living in . 
  ^ ( you know who you are and i 've got my eye on you ), 
  there 's literally one more german user than american users . 
  a lieder by goethe . 
  it 's a bit of an old german nursery rhyme from what i understand https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js91p-vmsf0, 
  i remember seeing this balcony post at the time . 
  would / u/walt _ ua or somebody else be able to provide a counter perspective ? 
  hey !, 
  i know my mep is richard corbett s&d ( labour party ) !, 
  ^ ( but that 's only because there was an ama with him on this subreddit ... ), 
   honestly that includes most people i know same for me , but i do n't think the people i know are representative of the population . 
  for instance , 80 % -90 % of the people i know went to university , despite the fact that less than half of the population did so . 
  and even amongst this relatively highly curious group , not all of them are interested in politics ( despite university graduates being the most disposed to being interested ) . 
  -- that said , i think that / u/caffeine _ lights is only considering younger people . 
  lots of people get more interested as they age because they realise more and more that politics has an effect on their lives . 
  ( also , they have the time and the self-respect to inform themselves about it ) . 
  that 's why older people are much more likely to vote . 
  once you start voting , it 's unlikely you 'll ever stop . 
  so as you get older there 's more and more opportunities for you to start voting . 
  so by the time you 're 80 a huge proportion of your age group does so, 
  i can understand why they did n't include any questions on the structure . 
  in the most recent / r/europe survey ( which you would expect to have a * relatively * very high understanding of the eu ) lee 's than half of those who answered said they understood the difference between the european commission , parliament and council . 
  which would be like not understanding the difference between the presidency , house of representatives and senate in the usa ( literally , the institutions are all based on the same principles ) . 
  if you do n't know what they are , then you ca n't really understand european politics . 
  and if that 's the level of understanding from a group of highly engaged users of a european news and discussion outlet , then imagine what it 's gon na be like for people who only read national news or do n't read the news at all !, 
  it is mandatory afaik but most schools do n't have the time so it still does n't get taught, 
  same . 
  i 'd actually prefer it if the parliament 's permanent seat was in strasbourg because that building is way cooler than the brussels one . 
  but i 'd vote for anything which gives it one permanent seat , no matter where it was . 
  put it in someone 's cellar for all i care . 
  just make sure it 's only one person 's cellar . 
  shhhhh guys !, 
  those are only special mod team perks !, 
  no one else is supposed to know !, 
  i 'd say that access to high culture is a * prerequisite * of cultural integration in a soviet , however it does not go the whole way . 
  if free museums , etc. 
  have not worked for muslim communities in france then that does not mean allowing access is not part of the solution . 
  it simply means other parts of the process need to be rethought . 
  although i agree with you , italy needs to find the faults in what france has done in order to implement this more effectively, 
  god damnit people , stop down voting users for asking questions . 
  you 're quite right that the figure has risen since i last checked it . 
  my apologies . 
  i was basing this off of a figure i read earlier in the conflict . 
  your figure is likely more up to date . 
  still , 6,000 is very small .
