  and if they 're not doing euromyths , they 're targeting fundamental ( and fundamentally positive ) principles of the eu , such as freedom of movement , and decisions being taken collectively ( because it infringes on national sovereignty ) . 
  there are occasionally some good criticisms , like the strasbourg parliament being entirely redundant , but you 'll be hard pressed to find them actually making constructive criticisms . 
  it 's as if they do n't actually want to improve the thing , just to moan [ or leave ] . 
  i 'm sorry , but apart from `` eu '' , `` ecb '' [ european central bank ] and `` smes '' [ small and medium enterprises ] i have no idea what the acronyms you 're using are . 
  fortunately there exists some [ quite drastic ] measures which the rest of the european union can take on members who are not living up to their obligations , namely , [ suspension of voting rights within the european union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union#suspension ) . 
  it would require 27 of the 28 eu countries ( ie all the eu states , minus the one who is being suspended ) to agree that hungary should be suspended . 
  however , once suspension has took place , it would only require a majority of countries to decide what sanctions should be placed on hungary , leaving slightly more room for manoeuvre . 
  if hungary keeps going in this direction , then it 's gon na have to happen sometime . 
  for the sake of the eu 's ( already faltering ) image , it would probably make sense for the eu to wait as long as possible before taking this measure , to ensure that there is absolutely no ambiguity as to their necessity . 
  at the moment , most people are n't aware how bad the situation in hungary is becoming , but also the situation probably is n't unambiguously bad enough . 
  hungary might not be up to the standards we 'd expect , but it 's also not really that much worse than some members either . 
  the gulf would need to be undeniably large before we could start taking action . 
  so with that in mind , i hope they keep pushing forward with their autocratic reforms and what 's more , speed them up . 
  that way the ultimate suspension and hopefully fall of the illiberal government will be hastened . 
  it 's an unideal situation and i 'd much rather that banks be lending out money more willingly , or even that banks , as they currently exist , were n't necessarily and that we all lived in a much more equal society where we would n't need to borrow to be home owners . 
  but unfortunately that 's the world we live in , and this method is an excellent stopgap between the current situation and whichever glorious and prosperous future we would like to see . 
  whether that 's a liberal future of of prosperity , where the banks lend but society stays broadly the same , but with better economic growth , or a world the state takes a much bigger role in ensuring equality and prosperity , does n't matter so much because we have to deal with the situation at hand with the tools at our disposal . 
  this method is quite amicable in the current climate because it draws down funds from the top of society without using taxation and deposits it at the bottom , allowing individuals to make progress and increase their own prosperity . 
  it sounds like a good deal to me , even if it 's not the absolute best deal in the world . 
  the thing is the debt burden is n't that large because the government is n't the one giving the loans , they 're just the ones securing the loan . 
  they 'd only ever need to pay out a fraction of the actual loan money , because only a fraction of loans ever default . 
  additionally , the increase in the construction industry , and increased demand in the housing market generally will often lead to the ` costs to the tax payer ' being recouped by economic growth . 
  additionally , additionally , usually have a budget which is based of their economy in several years time [ so a budget larger than their tax revenue at the time would seem to allow ] because government expenditure is largely ( in the short term ) financed through borrowing money , and repaying it when their economies have grown using the money . 
  if it works as intended , it 's really the perfect plan . 
  the only problem is that it can incentivise too much risk and plunge governments * further * into the shit if the economy ever turns sower than they already would be , and when the economy turns sower they already are very much in the shit . 
  officially the uk has , which does n't mean that much , just that government statists/reports ( which nobody reads ) are in the short scale and children are taught the short scale ( although iirc that was only instituted 20 years ago ) . 
  but most uk people today do use the short scale . 
  the only reason it 's called the long scale is called the british scale is because britain was the primary place in the * english speaking world * where it was used whilst americans used the short one . 
  i try and keep using the long scale because mathematically it 's just better [ ( it works very well with powers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-52ai_ojyq ) [ 1x10 ^ 1 , 1x10 ^ 2 , 1x10 ^ 3 , ect ] ) but mainly the reason i use it is shifting between languages , because german uses the long ( `` british '' ) system , as do many other european languages . 
  i 'd love if juncker told the french that they could * either * ignore the budget surplus rules * or * have the common agricultural policy be as ridiculously cushy for french farmers as it currently is , but only one of the two options . 
  we could start following stimulus models for growth and get rid of the cap in one fell swoop . 
  good catch !, 
  there 's only 500 * million * eu citizens , not * billion * . 
  switching between british [ european ] billions and american billions always messes with your head , and then having to deal with the telephone numbers of economic stimulus ... makes little mistakes like this a little more likely to creep in . . 
  thanks , edited so as not to confuse, 
  a big problem in the eu at the moment is banks refusing to lend out money . 
  that 's why the european central bank has a negative interest rate . 
  it means that if banks leave their money with the ecb , that the pile of money will get smaller instead of getting bigger ( albeit by a tiny amount in either direction ) encouraging banks to invest the money for better return on investment , although this does n't seem to have been very effective , yet . 
  a uk government idea , briefly , was for banks to give loans to first time buyers ( which is entirely usual ) but the government would agree to pay for the loan in the instance that the [ new ] homer owners could n't . 
  this would mean that the loan would become * amazingly * secure . 
  there 's basically a 0 % chance that the loan will be defaulted on and a 100 % chance that you 'll get your money back . 
  this means that banks would be hugely incentivise to offer out loans to first time buyers , and as such , would offer * cheaper * loans to first time buyers , making houses more accessible and increasing demand in the construction industry and property market . 
  juncker might be planning to do something like this . 
  the percentage of debts which will be defaulted on will still be relatively small , even on relatively high risk loans [ well , so long as it does n't get to the extent that it did in 2008 ] so the eu could secure 300,000,000,000 $ of investments whilst only spending a fraction of that money . 
  there has been a lot of reason for the political hierarchies to change their mind , not least because the international monetary fund made a big announcement a couple of years ago ( but still far too many years into the eu 's austerity drive ) that they had got austerity wrong and that stimulus would be more effective than previously thought . 
  and that 's without even talking about the evidence glaring them in the face form britain and america , who 's central banks decided to take on a policy of `` quantitative easing '' which is n't quite keynesianism but does achieve a lot of the same goals . 
  the european central bank ( as opposed to the federal reserve bank and the bank of england ) has had its hands tied a bit more . 
  in the face of all this , i would n't be surprised if the new commission back tracked just a little . 
  they 're not completely back tracking , though . 
  junker is talking about `` three pillars '' to economic recovery : `` restructuring '' of national government economic policy and increased fiscal credibility by national governments . 
  both those two pillars indicate he 's keeping with the market reforms , which are not limited to but have largely included austerity . 
  so juncker seems to be going for a very strange double pronged approach of market reforms [ esp . 
  austerity ] but also stimulus , in certain places . 
  from the sounds if it , the stimulus is definitely the smallest part , seeing as juncker is only pledging 300 billion euros , which is rather minute in comparison to the entirety of the eu . 
  ~ ~ that 's less than $ 1 * $ 10 * for every eu citizen ( there 's 500bil * 500 million * eu citizens ) . ~ ~ * however much money 300 billion [ juncker stimulus ] divided by 500 million [ eu population ] equals , it 's not gon na be much money per person !, 
  * although , the crisis areas are relatively few ( greece , spain , portugal , and italy teeters wildly on the edge ) and if the $ 300 billion was focused on those regions it could kick start their economies [ esp . 
  given that the market reforms are already pretty severe by this point ] , start them importing products from the rest of europe which would reinforce the central/western european export economies like france and germany ( at least one of which has faced appalling drops in exports recently , leading to fears of recession ) . 
  there 's certainly parallels and lessons to be learned , but one of the lessons that i think needs to be learned from history , is that things wo n't necessarily play out the same way , and it may not be obvious at the time that it will play out differently . 
  we have to be very careful when using the past to interpret the future , because it can lead us into seeing connections which do n't exist anymore , or scenarios which wo n't happen , simply because something similar happened in the past . 
  it 's like a really poor quality case study . 
  a crappy case study is better than no case study , but we really do n't have enough history to make a good case study of these sorts of things . 
  so there 's definitely parallels between the european union and the north german confederation , and britain with contemporary austria , but i do n't think britain will leave . 
  i think that times have changed and if we were to look at the situation as it stands today , the scenarios where britain leaves the eu are unlikely . 
   i have a tendency to write long posts , oh really ? 
  i would n't have noticed . 
  ( not that i have a problem ; the more nuance the better ), 
  what are the percentages out of ? 
  per cent of total european total turkish population , percentage of that country 's population which is turkish , percentage of that country 's immigrant population which is turkish ? 
  i would n't be so critical of the economics and literature prizes . 
  there 's three different categories excellent : physics , chemistry , medicine good/alright : economics and literature mostly stupid ( with some exceptions ) : peace prize . 
  if you are suffering from such a severe headache , maybe you should stop staring at the computer screen and re-read my comments when you are more able to appreciate alternative viewpoints to your own . 
  i know that spending a lot of time in / r/murica ( which you do ) can make receiving criticism of the us , especially upon such aspects which are so ingrained as inherently ` good ' difficult . 
  re-reading in a more open minded mood would probably be ideal . 
  on a more serious note : if you have a headache , now or ever , try lemon tea with honey . 
  it always makes me feel better, 
  would you like to elaborate on exactly where i seem to lack knowledge ? 
  it depends how you view the suez canal . 
  i mean , it was sort of part of egypt at that time , but it was also subject to a lot of treaties and agreements which draw into question how much nasser ( egypt 's ruler ) had the right to nationalise it ( leading to the joint invasion ) . 
  it 's entirely possible the uk and the rest of europe did n't know entirely what they were getting into in 1945 or that they had no choice but to accept a fundamentally bad deal , due to the alternatives . 
  i 'm not saying that there were * no * benefits of the marshall aid , or that the us should n't have offered it ( the onus is more on us for accepting it ) . 
  however , it the notion that the us did this out of altruism really needs to be challenged , which is why i am . 
  the us did it for its own self interests , not ours . 
  it supported american consumer markets , damaged a long term recover ( due to the specifics of the deal and the way it retained us influence ) . 
  the deal could have been hatched differently , but instead , europe has been dependent ever since . 
  do you not mean that , despite my observation of the same information as you , that i have come to an alternative conclusion ? 
  look , i get it , it 's very controversial to say that aid can be a bad thing , but it can . 
  that 's why there are rules regarding the conduct of international aid [ which the marshall plan would have violated if it existed in the period after those rules were drawn up ] . 
  but anyway , even if you disagree with me , do n't you think i 've at least demonstrated a consistent point of view and use information to back it up . 
  ok , you might disagree with my interpretation and you might think that i am selecting the wrong facts , but there 's really not much else i can do to convince you of the validity of what i am saying and i would hope that the very * least * kindness you would show me , is to assume that i have at least half an idea what i am talking about , even if you disagree with my conclusions . 
  i 'm right here , you know :p responded to your comment about egypt too . 
  although you never insinuated in that comment that the uk ( and france and israel ) was trying to take over egypt . 
  i would take disagreement over that and argue that we were only trying to get the suez canal back , but , that is a whole can of worms and the lack of records make coming to any conclusions difficult . 
  discussing different interpretations of the marshall plan is , by contrast , relatively easy . 
  a ) i 'm not defending suez . 
  i 'm not criticising it either . 
  it 's a pretty big can of warms i 'd rather not open . 
  what is clear from suez is that americans used the economic power they had won over britain to demand our obedience and dictate action . 
  b ) british and american scientists worked together on the manhattan project . 
  both sides agreed to give up large portions of their research . 
  as soon as the british gave up their half the americans back tracked ( information in hand ) and refused to give up theirs .
