  fine , maybe i 'm being too harsh on romania . 
  i also think you 're being too soft , but we can meet somewhere in the middle . 
  i do genuinely think that rape is under reported in all the countries mentioned . 
  i think it is under reported in all countries , including sweden . 
  i just think sweden and other scandinavian countries are marginally better at reporting it ( to the authorities ) than other countries like romania , poland , ect . 
  additionally , i have all my other points about how the media does not represent things evenly and that sweden counts rape differently . 
  you yourself stated that there is difference in the way rape is defined and counted . 
  you 've got to admit , there 's * a lot * of potential factors which could make sweden seem bloated in terms of its rape statistics . 
  roma people are n't especially common in england iirc so it 's quite easy to go most of your life without ever meeting many . 
  i might have met them , i might not have . 
  i 've never been especially good at differentiating between different ethnic groups . 
  i get about as far as black , white , latina , east asian and that 's pretty much as good is gets . 
  i ca n't tell the difference between indian/pakistani or middle eastern . 
  anyway , i 've never met a gypsy ( or if i have , i did n't realise ) but i do live in a place with a lot of pakistanis . 
  the ones here get referred to in quite a similar fashion to gypsies in / r/europe . 
  seriously , you 've not heard some of the shit people say about them . 
  i ca n't say the word `` pakistani '' without cringing like i said something disgusting along the lines of `` phallic '' or `` cunt '' because so many people around me treat like a bad word `` disgusting pakis '' and so on . 
  `` pakis '' is even worse . 
  however , despite me having certain trouble saying the name of their ethnic group without cringing , i still treat them in the way i say i 'd treat roma people . 
  because of it , i 'm the only ( white ) person i know who 's friends with any of them . 
  it 's amazing how friendly normally quite hostile people can be if you make a bit of effort . 
  yes , some of the people i 'm friendly with are normally hostile to white guys like myself and i do n't like that they do that . 
  but you can sort of understand why they are given how they 're treated . 
  you do n't need complete information to make an informed decision . 
  information is never comprehensive and it 's never complete . 
  you just take the few pieces that you need . 
   does this person not have a sever criminal record ? 
   check . 
   does this person have the relevant qualifications/experience for the job ? 
   check . 
   good , now hire him/her . 
  this information is extremely incomplete , but it is enough to make an informed decision with . 
  i do n't need to know much about a person to hire them . 
  i simply need to know if they are capable of doing what their job will demand and that they will not fuck me once i give them that job . 
  this can easily be done with two simple questions . 
  sometimes answering one or both of the questions can be tricky , but you still do n't need much information to answer it . 
  i live in an area of england with an ethnic group who frequently cause trouble ( pakistanis ) and i 've always managed to maintain the mentality which i am explaining to you . 
  that the pakistanis are individuals are not defined by the ethnic/cultural group they are a part of . 
   that means there have been a lot of rapes . 
  it does n't mean they are frequent or common . 
  it just means they happened . 
  because the phrase `` a lot of '' is hyperbole and completely unspecific . 
  whilst `` frequent '' and `` common '' are also a form of hyperbole ( even in this context ) but mean something slightly different . 
  `` a lot of '' means '' a lot of '' , but it is not relative to anything . 
  to me , 1,000 orange is `` a lot of oranges '' . 
  but 1,000 oranges is not so much when compared to , for example , 10,000 oranges or 100,000 oranges . 
  however , to me , having 1,000 oranges is just an inherently big amount . 
  but if i compare it to other things , it is n't quite so big . 
  sorry it 's kind of nuanced english language thing . 
  to get more specific : there could be one rape a day . 
  that is a lot of raping , in my opinion . 
  however , when compared to a population of , for example , 10 million people it no longer feels like quite so many . 
  the reason for this is because , although the overall number of rapes is ' a lot ' it is not ' a lot ' when compared to the entire population of sweden . 
  conclusion : in ( insert country here ) there is a lot of rape , but rape is not common or frequent . 
  perhaps someone will come and critique my use of english , but i 've explained what i meant even if it was not the best way to explain it initially and i hope you understand now . 
   i know that sweden claims it has a broader legal definition of rape i think broader legal definition is a bit of an understatement when we 're talking about international rankings and compare one country to another . 
  i 'd like to explain it for any laymen or women reading . 
  in most countries , they count a rape as every * individual * who has committed the crime of rape . 
  they do not count for how many times she/he raped the victim . 
  however , in sweden they count the actual number of times the victim was raped . 
  for instance , there are five rapes counted per 100,000 in romania , where as if that had happened in sweden it could easily be counted as 63 rapes . 
  for instance , a substantial amount of rapists like to lock their victims up somewhere or other and ` keep them ' to be ` reused ' . 
  depending on how long they are kept , the victim could easily be raped hundreds of times before the criminal is captured or the victim killed . 
  this means one rapist in romania only counts as `` one '' in international rankings , where as one rapist in sweden can easily make it into double digits . 
  furthermore , i 've never heard anything good about the romanian police force and i would be skeptical of how many rapes actually go reported , compared to how many are reported in the media in sweden . 
  i would also keep in mind that romanian news companies might not think that rape is a particularly important thing to be reporting on , so they do n't . 
  where as news companies in sweden do and will report every single rape they can find . 
  news is not necessarily representational nor , even , are statistics . 
  yeah , i 'm kinda bemused as to why i 'm getting negative six votes for my previous post . 
  it 's not like i was saying anything controversial . 
  just that if i was given had to pick between ethnicity x and ethnicity y i would flip a coin . 
  :( what 's so wrong about that ? 
  this is one of the only situations where the european-single-powerblock idea makes a lot of sense . 
  i bet you i wo n't . 
  unlike some people , i have integrity . 
  can i be indifferent in german also ? 
   there are two more bridges built over the danube by romania . 
  one in the 19th century and the other 40 years ago . 
  could you provide a source ? 
  i 'm on the fence , and a source would sway me . 
  would n't that make the [ harrier ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtqrhm1czdi ) the fastest helicopter ? 
  or at least if you stuck a rotor on it . 
  their nationalities/ethnicities do n't come into it for me . 
  if that was all i had to base my decision off , i would find more information . 
  if there 's literally so little between them that i have to resort to nationality , i might as well flip a coin . 
  which is what i would do . 
  it 's more fair that way . 
  let 's imagine that roman people ( as a collective ) are a body . 
  this body , is partly on fire . 
  quite a large part of this body is on fire . 
  the fire represents the roma who tend to cause problems like stealing and being assholes . 
  however , only * part * of the body is on fire . 
  once you start generalising and saying `` roma are bad/whatever '' you immediately generalise about the part of the body which is not on fire and is n't causing problems and does everything ok . that part of the body might be a minority , it might be very small , but you 're still over simplifying . 
  and when you over simplify like that , you start judging people you 've never met and then you start to make decisions based on that prejudgement . 
  you make decisions based on this person who you 've never met , based on something that this person can not control ( their ethnicity ) . 
  so , in effect , you start hurting this person based on those premises . 
  you might not be hurting them directly . 
  but you are hurting them indirectly . 
  your racist opinions will effect the government who will then make life difficult for these people based on things out of these people 's control . 
  not only that , but you will influence other people who will make the same decision as you which will effect the government and those people who you effect might also actually meet a roma .
