  look at the flag marches for instance . 
  with shit like that happening every few months you 'd expect a lot more crime and a lot more people being locked up for it . 
  i guess it is kind of prejudice of me to just assume that ni would be worse off than the rest of the uk . 
  personally i do n't have an answer , but if i was to find one i 'd go about it like this . 
  i 'd look into three different factors : legality , economics and culture . 
  legality is all about whether legally people can move there . 
  so for example if a country is a member of the eea it will have free movement of people and almost open borders . 
  there 's also the question of whether there 's a lot of legal restrictions tying you down once you live there . 
  one of the eastern countries ( bulgaria or hungary , ca n't remember ) has some weird stuff restricting whether students can leave if they get degree in hungary . 
  this comes to mind as an example . 
  secondly economics . 
  basically , is there any chance of you finding a job ? 
  what sort of skills do you need to get a job ? 
  are those skills easy to obtain ? 
  is the cost of living too high ? 
  it 's probably quite hard to consider this on a national scale because it varies so much inside countries . 
  for example everything is more expensive in london than it is in sheffield but there 's also more and better work there . 
  but you can try and untangle that piece of barbed wire and display the information in an informative manner . 
  lastly , culture . 
  this ties into economics a fair bit . 
  it concerns a lot of the same questions like what abilities must i have to live here ? 
  how hard is it to get those abilities ( thinking of language here , but also other things ) ? 
  is there a problem with racism in the country ? 
  is the problem severe * and * widespread enough for this to be a problem ( discrimination on a government level , for instance ) . 
  the questions are very similar to economics , but the outcome is different . 
  it 's less `` can i afford to live here '' and more `` will i be able to have a life here '' and `` will i be able to make friends here and have all the things which make life worth living '' . 
  these three factors are what will give you your conclusion . 
  hopefully people will discuss them , 
   which country is it easiest for any one to transition to any differences and live in do you mean like , how easy is it to move from one country to this better country ? 
  or how easy is it to change your life once you are in that country . 
  for instance changing careers , spouses , families or locations ? 
  tl : dr could you give some examples to help illustrate what you mean ? 
  northern ireland 's not what i was expecting . 
  what does the `` evolving customs '' thing mean ? 
  what would you make the analogy about ? 
  i dialectal continuum ? 
  the east west divide is n't so much about there being one solid and identifiable fact which is pervasive and shared between all eastern european countries and a different solid and identifiable fact which is pervasive among western europeans . 
  it 's just that western europeans are more like each other than eastern europeans . 
  and eastern europeans are more like each other than western europeans . 
  thing about a family . 
  this huge family of 20 or 30 people is all in a room at once . 
  everyone in this room looks kind of similar . 
  but there is no one identifiable feature . 
  ok , maybe more than half of them have a particularly small nose . 
  maybe an additional half have big feet . 
  maybe a few more have a little finger which is far smaller than a little finger should be compared to the rest of their fingers . 
  they are all easily identifiably part of the same family . 
  but there is no one , unique , solid and definable feature which every family member has . 
  but there is a continuum . 
  you can see the similarities . 
  little things . 
  the features need not be anyway near as pervasive as i have laid out in my example . 
  they might be much more subtle and much less common/pervasive . 
  ^ ( sorry for the explanation being overly long ), 
  i do n't think it 's `` because of one world war '' that we divide europe the way we do . 
  it 's more to do with `` because of cultural boundaries '' . 
  why are those specific cultural boundaries there ? 
  `` because of the cold war '' . 
  it 's not because of a war that we divide europe this way . 
  to just say `` because of a war '' is to cut out * all * the steps in between . 
  the culture is the real reason europe is cut the way it is . 
  obviously there are a huge number of factors that play into this , one of which is history . 
  another notable factor is linguistics . 
  you 'll notice that virtually all slavic language countries are on the east and virtually all romance and germanic languages are on the west . 
  yeah , you 're never going to get a good map of culture . 
  but we 're not really trying to get a good map . 
  it 's just sort of a thumb nail . 
  not very detail . 
  it 's not meant to be detailed . 
  it 's not meant to be taken very seriously . 
  it 's just a sort of vague map which divides europe up into different regions with vaguely more similar cultures , histories , and languages ( as well as many other factors . ), 
  there 's a really interesting thread about where people draw these lines but i ca n't find it . 
  your democratic models , great inventions and bunkers i could care less about but toblerone ? 
  that shit 's delicious . 
  that `` lad '' thing is leaking ... 
  the uk is beating estonia * and * france . 
  today is a good day . 
  needs to be more traditional . 
  how about jesus ? 
  it 's not 100 % clear what will happen to the flag . 
  i mean , we 've never had a major component * completely * leave before . 
  what 's important here is that there is nothing obligating us to change the flag ( apart from making the symbol coherent , but whatever ) . 
  the logical thing to do would be to remove the scottish element of the flag but the outcome is obviously horrendous . 
  no one wants that flag . 
  so the only option we * really * have is to scrap the flag entirely . 
  so that means that some poor government will have to actually decide what the countries next flag should be ... and that 's a political mind field no party will want . 
  the easy way out for who ever happens to be in office is to just not change the flag . 
  there 's nothing obligating the government to change the flag so they probably wont . 
  [ this image ] ( http://www.wardsbookofdays.com/index_files/uj2.jpg ) explains the story quite nicely . 
  ask a stupid question and you 'll get a stupid answer . 
  you 've winning the war but the fight 's not over . 
  i would have liked more info on the bit quoted in the title , but that seems to be the only time it 's mentioned : / shame . 
  instead it 's just a list of reasons to hate the hungarian pm . 
  1 : edinburgh 2 : paris 3 : amsterdam 4 : rome 5 : athens there was very little between edinburgh and paris for me . 
  but i just prefer the big knights in iron armour feel of edinburgh to paris 's super polished fashion capital style . 
  i think if i was to be more objective and less subjective , then paris would come first because it is loser to what our classical ideas of beauty are , but for me , it just feels like the wrong kind of beauty . 
  i think amsterdam is above rome and athens for similar reasons . 
  amsterdam is more unique in more opinion . 
  obviously they 're all very unique , but i think rome , paris , madrid , lisbon , athens and all the other romance countries capitals are a lot more similar than north european capitals in their style . 
  for example , there is less difference between athens and rome than there is between edinburgh and amsterdam .
