  yeah i 'll use the template from when i tried to contact people in malmstr\u00f6m 's office, 
  please , no trolling or `` fucking with '' people . 
  you can be civil and respectful or you can say nothing at all, 
  do n't mistake disagreement for disrespect . 
  somebod in this thread said that there 's a press contacts thing on his blog, 
  how is / r/motorcycles a better place for this ama ? 
  additionally , apart from / r/iama , non of these subreddits are big enough to attract his attention . 
  so its not a question or / r/europe or all the others . 
  it 's a question of / r/europe ama or no ama . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  it 's obviously a very well established economic doctrine , but they seem to have enjoyed reading quite a few of his blog posts . 
  so maybe they 'll enjoy hearing about this economic perspective from somebody who 's right at the top of it and hearing about how it 's been applied in practice, 
  what even is this hat thing ? 
  i had no idea varoufakis had anything to do with valve . 
  if the ama became all about that i would be very disappointed, 
  i think so . 
  if we plan the event in advance then a couple of mods can make time in their schedule to moderate it effectively . 
  if there 's two people full on moderating a single thread then we can basically handle anything . 
  i 'm skeptical of if we can get varoufakis though . 
  i believe he 's a variant of keynesianism, 
  oh gosh no that 'd be crazy . 
  if we were going to take things that far , then we might as well just do an ordinary interview . 
  what the mods can do is remove silly comments that break our pre existing rules like spamming , being uncivil , racism , etc. 
  tbf , there 's also a lot of people who really agree with him . 
  i think there 'd be a fairly even split between pro a d against , with the against side having a slight lead . 
  we 'd probably also get a lot of people from outside the subreddit coming in ( i know / r/economics and / r/greece probably would ), 
  it 's an askmeanything not a * shoutyouropinionatme * so long as people are asking questions it 's fine , but if they 're not asking questions then that 's not okay imho, 
  the reasons i occasionally go to / r/news ( american news ) or / r/politics ( american politics ) . 
  i 'm interested in what 's going on there . 
  geo defaults only exist for non english speaking countries . 
  so / r/de , / r/sweden and / r/france are geo defaults but / r/unitedkingdom is n't because the uk is an english speaking country . 
  i believe the idea was to help branch reddit out from its purely american base . 
  but the admin who was running the.project is gone so i do n't know what 's happening.with the project now, 
  do the british count ? 
  i 'm 90 % certain that it was just the reddit admins throwing darts at a blank map of europe at this point . 
  no need to name the countries if you 're just pointing . 
  there must be at least one european on the admin team who can make sense of all the whimsical names one of them there map things, 
  hmm , that 's an interesting idea . 
  i had n't considered requiring certain things of the op in order to allow them to post certain types of content . 
  obviously this could be fine tuned in all sorts of ways . 
  one way is , like you said , requiring the op to provide a brief summary and show engagement with the subreddit , rather than simply serial posting it . 
  the obvious other factor which could be included in addition to/instead of the other is requiring that people have certain comment or link karma in the subreddit before they 're allow to submit opinion pieces . 
  there 's obviously problems with both of these though . 
  the general problem with both is that they can penalise users and limit content from / r/europe that is otherwise could , based on arbitrary restrictions . 
  whether content is good or not does not depend on who posts it . 
  although the sheer quantity of opinions being posted certainly does devalue opinion based content . 
  so both of these are imperfect , but the question is , do the positives outweigh the negatives ? 
  does limiting the number of opinion pieces justify the penalising of specific users and limiting ourselves from some potentially very good content ? 
  a second problem which applies only to the second variable is that it arbitrarily penalises users , and many users who serial post opinions may have high enough comment and submission karma to by pass the limits anyway . 
  a further alternative would be to base it on how many times the op has submitted opinion articles across their entire profile , and if they have submitted many , then they would require higher standards of some sort or other to post an opinion piece here . 
  -- but all of this goes down the path of baring certain kinds of content . 
  it 's not a blanket ban , but it 's still a specific ban , under certain circumstances . 
  which i think is probably the wrong course . 
  there 's further work which can be done through the flair system , i think . 
  i 'd encourage people to think about innovative solutions revolving around that . 
  -- additionally , we could go for a sort of ` permanent opinions megathread ' . 
  it 'd be bold , insofar as i 'm not sure if it has been tried before . 
  all the opinion pieces could be collected into a single megathread which gets refreshed every day/week and removed from the main subreddit . 
  megathreading it could be useful , because the purpose of megathreads is to concentrate news of a certain kind to a specific part of the subreddit so that it does not exclude all the other content on the subreddit , which is what 's happening with opinion pieces to a certain extent . 
  the main subreddit would be a place for more tactile things , like reportage , self posts , questions , pictures , cultural content , and any of the other creative things redditors can come up with . 
  [ this is the most up to date information we have , and it 's based on the which flairs users selected ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2i7a7f/the_reurope_user_flair_statistics_as_of_20141003/ ? ) . 
  from november , 2014, 
  i 'm blushing already * guffaws * it 's an honour to be so recognisable as the other three people , and i certainly know who those three are, 
  tagged as ` does n't like to tag people ', 
  yeah , i totally agree with what you 're saying . 
  i do n't like the opinion pieces . 
  the only reason those links get up voted is because the title agrees with their opinion . 
  so all the people who want a grexit up vote opinion pieces which say `` there should be a grexit '' and all the people who disagree up vote things which say `` there should not be a grexit '' . 
  ** hardly anybody ** is actually reading these submissions . 
  hardly anybody is learning anything from them . 
  hardly anybody is being informed . 
  nothing is being gained . 
  in a subreddit of 400 000 we can do better than ` hardly anybody ' . 
  the only way this constant regurgitation of opinion serves any value is in the comments section , where proponents and opponents of the opinion in question frequently battle out their ideas , but even then it 's only moderately beneficial because the same arguments are often being regurgitated . 
  so if you 've seen the comments section of one opinion piece about greece , or immigration , or austerity or ukraine then you 've probably seen them all . 
  -- so we 've successfully identified something which is , not exactly a * problem * , but it is certainly a deficiency in the subreddit . 
  something which is suboptimal and subpar . 
  but now we need to talk about solutions . 
  as a moderator , i have frequently supported and argued for the idea that moderators are community leaders . 
  that is , we 're at the forefront of the community , but we are also part of the community , not separate ( as is the case with many other subreddits ) . 
  this means that we have not only a role as custodians of the community ( which essentially means guarding it from the outside , especially agains brigading ) , but also in using our ( admittedly very shitty ) tools and influence to * nudge * the community in a more prosperous direction for all . 
  therefore i feel entirely comfortable using some of those tools and influence to nudge the subreddit away from the lowest common denominator types of content which you can find on any of the default subreddits like / r/worldnews / r/gaming / r/politics , were simple `` clickable '' ideas gain the most attention , despite being shallow and disinteresting . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is something we can all agree that we want . 
  we want a ) retain the good that we 've already got b ) gain the benefits of more community members c ) avoid the consequences of growth , such as lower quality content . 
  some of the tools we 've got are incredibly blunt and i feel that they are entirely inappropriate for this situation . 
  banning certain types of content is at worst wrong and at best ineffective . 
  however some of the changes we 've introduced and are introducing to the subreddit css style allow us to do some of this careful nudging . 
  the flairs that we 've currently added should allow people to more easily distinguish between types of content which is actual news ( for instance , by using the news tag ) and content which is opinion ( through the opinion tag ) . 
  we 're hoping to make the flairs much more visible and much more useful , as you can hopefully see at / r/europedev . 
  i also hope to make more use of weekly threads in the future to celebrate certain types of content . 
  the `` places you should visit in ... '' threads and the `` weekly news '' threads have been incredibly popular in the past and could be reinvigorated with a different purpose to serve the subreddit much better and endorse much higher quality of communication . 
  -- anyway , these are my ideas for now . 
  i 've let this get a little bit longer than i was expecting . 
  so , tell me what you think and if you have any ideas . 
  shh , let him think france is still relevant . 
  i feel as though my tagging of / r/europe regulars is pitiful . 
  i 'm still doing it mostly from my personal memory , rather than with res . 
  speak of the devil , and he shall appear . 
  we 're ( i 'm ) working on it !, 
  with all the mods which have joined and all the mods which have left over time , the idea kept getting passed from person to person , and frequently people could n't continue with the idea ( either due to leaving or due to too much irl stuff ) .
