  what do we really * get * from having extra land , as uk citizens . 
  more land . 
  to do what ? 
  grow food ? 
  we do n't have an issue with food . 
  sure the uk is n't self sufficient , and why should it be ? 
  there 's plenty of other places in europe and africa for us to get food from . 
  housing prices are getting quite high , yes , but * draining the north sea * to alleviate housing prices seems like overkill to me . 
  maybe we could stick wind turbines on the land , but then we could also stick water turbines under the sea . 
  the project seems logical at first , but i think upon closer inspection the benefits to not outweigh the costs . 
  oh it 's `` manned spaceflight '' we and nasa still ca n't do :(, 
  the japanese space agency ? 
  that 's interesting , thanks, 
  just to clarify , does this mean that the esa is one of only three governmental organisations with the capabilities to fly to space independently ? 
  i know china and russia are two , so the esa must be a third . 
  are there any others ? 
  i know there are various private companies as well , but are there any other national/governmental organisations with the capabilities currently , since nasa is n't currently able ? 
  do you have any more comprehensive information ? 
  basically all school boards in the overwhelming majority of european countries prescribe that british english and not american english be taught . 
  the eu also uses exclusively british english . 
  those two points are the main reason to conclude that be is the de * jure * english dialect of europe . 
  i 'll admit that foreign media plays a roll in the de facto usage of english in europe , but i 'm also unconvinced that there 's a * clear * majority using either dialect in practice . 
  be is the dialect mandated by schools and governments , it 's also the dialect spoken in all the natively english speaking countries of europe , which is why i see it as the legitimate dialect when coming from organisations claiming a european identity , such as / r/europe . 
  i 'm not going to criticise an individual for using an american dialect , but seeing as be is the recognised dialect of europe de jure , it should be used by organisations . 
  yeah , additionally your language ( s ) ( eg dutch ) , to me , seems almost exactly like german , which puts you at an advantage . 
  btw this is an ex-post from / r/languagelearning, 
  because people in / r/europe would it interesting . 
  additionally the geographic divisions have divided europe up a lot which means s you can compare the increase in popularity in your region of europe to others quite essily . 
  it also makes a statement about the increasing aspirations of people around europe to associate more strongly with german than bevore . 
  yeah this post is of particular interest to germans , but last time i checked germans could enjoy the same things as their neighbours and visa versa , less you would rather we stick staunchly to our own news ? 
  most of them do n't need translating like `` nordamerika '' but some of them are quite hard to work out like `` s\u00fcdosteuropa '' or `` ostasien '' . 
  it 's easy if you know what `` s\u00fcde '' and `` ost '' mean and if you can read `` ostasien '' as `` ost-asien '' then it 's simpler still , but i think it 's a bit of a leap to just expect everyone in the sub to know that , so i translated them to ensure the content was easily accessible and people would n't complain . 
  rather than wasting time and energy deciding what did and did not need translating , which only ostracise those that did n't understand ones i did n't translate , i figured i 'd just translate all of them . 
  furthermore last time something written * very simply * in another language quite a few people came out saying the exact opposite of what you 're saying now . 
  additionally , as someone who does n't speak german well , i thought that if i read those names a few months/a year ago i 'd be confused by a lot of them so yeah , the translations in my mind definitely help, 
  mittelosteuropa - central/eastern europe nordamerika - north america nordafrika/nahost - north africa nordwesteuropa - northern/western europe ostasien - east asia osteuropa/zentralasien - eastern europe/central asia s\u00fcdeamerika - south america s\u00fcdostasien / australien/neuseeland - south asia/australia / new zealand ( oceania ) s\u00fcdeasien - south asia s\u00fcdeosteuropa - southern/eastern europe subsahara/africa - africa bellow the sarha desert s\u00fcdewesteurope - south/western europe, 
  exactly !, 
  i love that venn-diagram . 
  it 's so accurate and good at displaying information , yet almost completely unintelligible at the same time . 
  you could n't displayed the complicated overlappings of the different european institutions more clearly or more simply , but it is still way to complicated to understand . 
  actually yeah , ireland 's exiting its bailout , italy is somewhat stabilised and continues to be so , france is stagnating but , hey , i would n't mind stagnating with a gdp per capital as good as theirs and i do n't know what the problem with the netherlands is . 
  the only countries which are in a seriously bad situation are cyprus , spain , portugal and greece and i do n't want to point fingers or anything , but those problems are largely their own faults . 
  not the faults of their population . 
  it 's unfair that the spanish , portuguese , greek and cypriot people should have to go through this , but their governments made bad decisions which led to their own crises . 
  spain invested heavily in a bubble . 
  greece lied about its finances . 
  the euro stopped the southern european countries from being able to inflate away their problems , but it still stands that the governments were mismanaged in the first place and should n't have put themselves in such positions to begin with . 
  i have confidents in latvia 's governance . 
  the scottish, 
  fringe parties and sensationalist yes , but i think you do n't give enough credit to the intelogence of the majority of people in these countries . 
  there 's bnp activists in the uk who espouse things like that and as a result nobody takes them seriously . 
  yeah sure a minority of some people in a few countries might believe it , but have some faith in the majority . 
  we 're not that stupid, 
  surely even the most religious countries in europe would n't protest having secularization in the euro coins , because even the most religious countries are legally secular ( apart from maybe the uk , but that 's irrelevant for two reasons ) . 
  italy , spain , poland , bulgaria are all pretty religious but are secular nations insofar as they have no state mandated religion ( like the uk kind of does or like saudi arabia really does ) . 
  every nation values freedom of religion and secularisation of the state . 
  how would this policy help anything ? 
  lung cancer and pollution are n't * that * big problems in china ( yet ) . 
  especially not bad enough to make you avoid going at all . 
  there are other , much better reasons , not to go to china . 
  it does depend on your circumstances , for instance if you live in mexico i think you should probably learn ae and if you live in europe but have a huge number of links with the usa then you should probably learn ae . 
  however in the overwhelming majority of circumstances british english is going to be the dialect you should learn a ) because it has more speakers overall and b ) because you 're probably more likely to come across a be speaker than an ae due to how spread out the be speaking community is . 
  on the point about the accents of be varying , do n't accents across the us vary too ? 
  us accents probably do n't vary as much as the accents of canada , ireland and jamaica , but i 'd say there is a comparison between how varied their accents are and the accents of the commonwealth of nations . 
  personally i find it extremely easy to talk to almost any australian or canadian accent ( except for quebecois ) but certain american ones are difficult for me . 
  there 's a certain continuity between the british english speaking world 's components and the american english speaking world , but not between those two worlds . 
  yes it depends on circumstance , but i think if you analyse deeply which dialect you think would be most useful , taking into account proximity , total speakers and ease of mutual intelligibility , i think most people will find that british english comes out ontop for them . 
  yes , however there 's also the other english speaking nations which use british english spelling like south africa , jamaica and the rest of commonwealth of nations . 
  not every-member in the commonwealth of nations has majority of english speakers , but there are still 2 billion people in the con , and whilst not every country in the con has an english majority many of them have sizeable english minorities ( for instance india and many african countries ) . 
  there 's also singapore and hong kong to think about which , while only cities or city states , have quite respectable populations . 
  so the british english dialect arguably has more speakers than american english . 
  furthermore , because american english is confined strictly to north america , it means that you 're very unlikely to come across a speaker of the american dialect unless they 're a tourist which is n't very useful to you unless you work in the tourist industry . 
  so not only are there more british english speakers overall but you 're also much more likely to come across a british english speaker due to how widespread the dialect is . 
  is there a way to find out how many signature it already has ? 
  is it the most used spelling though ? 
  canada , australia , ireland and so on tend to prefer the british spellings colour , armour , centre , theatre and so on . 
  americans are the only english speaking people who use american spellings , aside from some second language learners . 
  additionally if your european you 're much more likely to come into contact with a british english speaker as opposed to an american english speaking due to proximity , cultural links and ease of access between your ( european ) country and uk and ireland . 
  merci beaucoup , 
  it does demonstrate how ukip are much more politically savi than the rest of the current political parties are . 
  labour stripped loads of regulations from the banks which was one of the reasons for the impact of the financial crisis in britain , and when the crisis did hit the conservatives criticised labour for it * despite having argued even less regulation themselves * . 
  ukip 's being more astute and knows that whilst they might be against it in principle they for it in this instance because it will allow them to look to the other parties and say `` why did n't you do anything '' and be honest about it . 
  something non of the other parties can ever do on almost any issue . 
  as a side note i really do n't see how british politics can continue the way it is . 
  all three major party leaders are pretty much universally despised or at best treated with disdain , voter turn out has been dropping every election for the past half century and is about to drop bellow the 50 % threshold . 
  additionally , all three major parties are basically of the same ideology . 
  liberalism , with an emphasis on economics with a hint of conservatism ; liberalism with an emphasis on civil liberties ; and liberalism with an emphasis on equality of opportunity . 
  ( that 's conservative , liberal democrat and labour , in that order ) . 
  ukip actually has a charismatic leader , people can relate to him ( even i can relate to him as a europhile ) , it has ideas not represented by any other party ( conservatives are only partly eurosceptic ) , those ideas are relatively new and the party has n't been scared by years of history and associative bitterness . 
  people are done with labour because of iraq and the focus on equality of opportunity rather than equality of outcome . 
  they 're fed up with the lib dems because they broke basically all their promises at the first opportunity . 
  they 're fed up with the conservatives for being an unrelatable party of aristocrats and who 's ideology has n't been conservative since the 70s when thatcher added the neo-liberal element and got rid of the conservative element . 
  because they have water access on the western half through the black sea and the baltic sea , but might need a well equipped navy to keep the straight of istanbul open and the the area between estonia and finland and the area between sweden and continental europe . 
  st petersburg and the caucus region are very important and benefit from access to international waters . 
  our santa has a white midget slaves and a coca-cola !, 
  no no no , it should look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kv0ndzd.png ), 
  should n't it be `` cela n'est pas de possible '' ? 
  this is a genuine question to any french speaker who happens to pass by , 
  and flooding . 
  is the situation really bad enough in hungary for the pm to be put a list of dictatory people ?
