  the uk currently has 225 nuclear missiles and has a whole bunch constantly at sea in its submarines , which allow us to launch a barrage of nuclear weapons at whoever we please , from where ever we please , whenever we please . 
  if the russians launched nukes at us we would just retaliate from some unknown location with more missiles than they can intercept which would probably lead to the absolute destruction of most of russia 's chief western military installations and cities ( st petersburg , moscow , volgograd ) . 
  if the russians are willing to destroy the uk and have the entire western portion of their country destroyed and uninhabitable for god knows how long , then it 'd probably make no difference if the us missiles were there or not . 
  [ after writing this i realised that it can all basically be summed up in this two minute yes minster sketch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyjh3qkjsmk ), 
  it 's not about what 's in the constitution . 
  power is what matters and when crimea has the whole russian army backing it up , it is the one with the power . 
  look at the confederacy in the us . 
  they did n't have the constitutional ability to leave the union , but leave they did and fought a war to prove they could leave ( as it happens they lost , but they were still pretty independent during the war ) . 
  we 're the most american country in europe , but we 're definitely more european than we are american ( no matter how much some brits like to think otherwise ) . 
  for instance we 've actually allowed ourselves to become this integrated into european and i do n't think the americans would ever let themselves be so integrated into a confederal entity . 
  we also do n't spend so much on the military ( i think it 's 2.5 % of gdp compared to americans 5 % ) . 
  we also did n't get involved in vietnam , but many other western countries like australia and france did . 
  we also sign more united nations treaties than the usa does . 
  so , well , i guess the differences are open for any one to interpret how they think is best . 
  england : no . 
  i do n't feel super strongly about this , but i do n't particularly like implicitly condoning us foreign policy . 
  there are elements of british foreign policy i do n't like as well , such as gchq and the war in iraq . 
  the british army is well enough equipped to protect itself . 
  if a situation should occur where we need military assistance then our nato allies can come in to help us , but we do n't need troops and nuclear missiles from foreign countries just sitting there indefinitely . 
  when i call for nato intervention i mean * nato intervention * . 
  the whole point of the organisation is strength in numbers and the european portion of nato is strong enough , as ' ` is , to deal with this problem . 
  i would call for nato intervention whether the usa was making up the majority of the military spending in that department or not . 
  sometimes i wish nato did not include the usa because i dislike their foregn policy leaking into ours . 
  it 's not such a big concern that i personally would kick the usa out of it . 
  furthermore , i like that they 're protecting us which means we do n't have to foot the bill , but let 's not pretend that it 's just for benevolence that they do this . 
  they do it because the eu is the largest market in the world and they gain hugely by us being safe and willing to trade . 
  that 's good for them , but if they expect us to show them altruism for their self-interest that 's just not going to happen . 
  we can deal with this problem on our own . 
  if the usa wants to help then that 's nice , but they 're doing it for their own reasons and not for altruistic ones and we should , therefor , treat it as a non-altruistic gesture . 
  which history of the crimea are you referring to ? 
  i have no agenda other than to bring up an issue which so far , on this sub , has been ignored . 
  everyone was assuming that crimea just ought to be part of ukraine , as do the eastern regions . 
  personally i think they should remain part of the ukraine , but i think that there should be a discussion about it . 
  am i really so bad for thinking there should be a discussion ? 
  i 'm only playing devil 's advocate . 
  do i really deserve to be fucked for that : /, 
   churchill even sold poland to the ussr behind the iron curtain even though roosevelt explicitly did not want to happen during the yalta conference . 
  i think it 's a bit harsh to say churchill `` sold poland to the ussr '' . 
  churchill was one of the only people at the potsdam conference seriously arguing for an independent and democratic poland , as the french had fiscal concerns and truman was n't really so experienced as roosevelt and had other , more pressing , concerns ( notably the pacific ) . 
  furthermore , churchill had actually pleaded with the president to continue the war passed berlin and into the soviet union , saying something like `` we did n't declare a war on one dictatorship only for them to fall victim to another '' . 
  unfortunately we were having an election * during * the potsdam conference and changed prime ministers halfway through the conference ( i 'm not even joking ) in favour of the more internally interested clement atlee who would later set up the nhs and the welfare state . 
  not really interested in poland . 
  you could argue that british resolve faltered at the last minute , but i think we were really the last ones in there , who were fighting poland 's corner . 
  and even if you are going to criticise us for pulling out , it certainly was n't churchill who let poland down , it was the british people who voted for a more domestically interested prime minister . 
  the water problem could be solved . 
  purification is a relatively easy process . 
  additionally , most european countries rely on food imports because they do n't have enough and to feed all their people and it is not unimaginable to extent this to water as well , although i highly expect that they would find a way around the water problem . 
   crimea has no reason to become independent how about , a majority of crimeans want independence , and the legitimate government want independence ? 
  is desire to determine a nation 's own destin not a good enough reason ? 
   i do n't see why people need to abandon their roots for the sake of ukraine 's identity . 
  very true . 
  national identities should be organic things which people adopt freely , without coercion like russification . 
  but ukrainianisation not working is a complete different thing to it being wrong . 
  it does work , if given enough time , but it 's immoral and should n't be pursued . 
  actually you mean neanderthals, 
  a tyranny of the majority , one could say . 
  anyway , that 's a legitimate point but not one which is linked to the comment you were replying to . 
  / u/johnbarnschack put forward a view which implied that crimea not being part of ukraine was analogous to putin getting his way and that putin getting his way is inherently a bad thing ( which is n't true . 
  things are bad because they 're bad . 
  it has no relevance what putin thinks of them ) . 
  i put forward a contra position illustrating that whether or not putin wants something should have no bearing on whether or not we do or allow that thing to happen . 
  if putin wanted to increase the quality of life for all people on the planet , would that mean that do work towards that end would be a bad thing ? 
  of course not . 
  it has no relevance what putin wants . 
  putin is a completely different issue and that 's why i replied in the way i did . 
   however , i think it 's time to admit that ukrainization have failed i agree with everything else you say , but i think that two decades is n't really enough to expect ukrainisation to really work . 
  ukrain 's been a victim of partial russification since before the soviet union and that 's obviously ukraine still has its own , distinct , identity . 
  and therefor crimea should be denied its right to self-determination , because their desires happen to line up with what putin wants ? 
  edit : what 's with all the downvotes in this thread ? 
  i 've not deviated from the reddiquette anymore than johnbarnschack has . 
  he 's what the people voted for . 
  the americans are n't so fond of foreign intervention anymore , which is kind of nice . 
  hardly surprising after iraq and afghanistan . 
  well personally i talk about whether or not a town of 1,000 people could be a viable state which it could n't be . 
  this is why the hypothetical you 've put forward sounds ridiculous , because it 's completely unviable for a legitimate state of only 1,000 people to separate from the united kingdom . 
  in these kind of situation , ideally , you 'd end up with something like the uk 's overseas territories ( e.g. 
  falklands , gibraltar ) or maybe its crown dependencies ( e.g. 
  [ i should probably point out some kind of real world example , at this point , to show how this idea is actually very feasible ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar ) . 
  gibraltar is virtually in the exact same position as some break away region of the uk which is administered by romania would be . 
  only it 's administered by the uk and is vaguely compromising spain 's territorial integrity . 
  ** this whole issue of the 1,000 romanians asside ** , does the crimea have territorial integrity of its own ? 
  well i would argue that it does because , at 2 million people , it has a larger population than many other independent countries like luxembourg , estonia , qatar , slovenia , montenegro , bahrain and so on . 
  it also has a large surface area at 26,000 km ^ 2 which is as large as haiti , rwanda and larger than israel , fiji , swaziland and kuwait . 
  i have no figures on the economic size of the crimea , but i would be surprised if ( given its population of 2,000 and the size of the ukrainian economy ) the economy of crimea was not up to the same economic standards as other nation states . 
  in conclusion , there is a clear distinction between the crimea and 1,000 romanians in the uk and if there was such a village it should probably be an overseas territory of either the uk or romania . 
  as for crimea , it has all the qualities that a nation state requires . 
  distinct cultural identity , democratic legitimacy , population , economy and land area . 
  i think an observation of the situation for many separatists regions , such as those in serbia and spain indicates that debate and common sense does n't necessarily lead to the logical outcome . 
  the way things have worked out in scotland is how this sort of situation should be sorted out , but unfortunately it is n't in the majority of situations . 
  sometimes you have to jump on the opportunity when it presents itself . 
  also , france and the uk have their own nuclear [ deterrents plus american nuclear deterrents ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing ) stationed in the netherlands , germany and italy . 
  we 're easily capable of policing our own back yard and protecting ourselves from any external threats like terrorism or russia . 
  so long as nobody steps food in each other 's sovereign territory or outside of ukraine then there should be no need for a larger conflict or for nuclear force to be deployed . 
  ( that said , the possibility of escalation is quite severe and should there be western military intervention in ukraine [ i would certainly up the defcon to about 2 or 3 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defcon ) ) . 
  i think the ideal situation where western troops are put in ukraine , whilst russian federation troops are also in ukraine ( exclusive crimea ) is that western forces support most of the country , including the russian speaking east but do not set foot on crimea and make a declaration to the russian federation that should ukraine 's territory be compromised further ( ie , russian troops advancing passed the crimea ) that it would initiative a hot conflict . 
  both sides are too intelligent to actually get into such a direct proxy war . 
  it 'll only end up with decimation of russian troops and more casualties on the west 's side than would be appreciated . 
  cuba c. 1960 is a good example of both sides being intelligent enough not to escalate these hugely dangerous conflicts too far ( they came damn close , but no matter how many times you replay that scenario they would never have done it ) . 
  it 's in neither side 's interests to actually start such an intense war which is why a war wo n't happen . 
  the two problems here are a ) that it 's a huge game of brinkmanship which could go horribly wrong ( probably not nuclear war or escalation outside of ukraine bad , but still bad ) and b ) that the russian federation gets crimea , but personally i do n't see that as such a bad thing if you believe in self-determination .
