  there 's a lot of other examples around the world if you 're interested . 
  we could attach the flags to our penises so when we feel emotional , we 're also raising flags . 
  unless you think we should do it separately . 
  i might have to buy some of [ these ] ( http://www.little-linguist.co.uk/maps-flags-european-countries/eu-flags-on-sticks.html ) just incase i need to let out emotions . 
  martin luther had a dream ... . ;p, 
  always loved the bit where the name comes under the international olympic committee guy and the queen and they use the same way of displaying the names as they do for athletes , as if the queen is competing . 
  i 'm fully aware that they 're not inherently american , but that does n't stop them from feeling american . 
  it 's like `` fall '' ( meaning autumn ) or groceries sounding american despite them actually being old english words that british english moved on from . 
  they feel really american and some thing about that * feels * wrong . 
  i try and separate that from my actual opinions , but i must say , using pounds and pence has some oddly nice * sentimental * qualities . 
  well obviously uk euros would n't be accepted over there :p did you see the way the way irish fans would boo the british team even wen they were n't playing ireland :(, 
  like we do in / r/uk i have an eu flag there followed by my county , south yorkshire . 
  it lets people know i 'm a europhile but that i 'm not a continental european . 
  if we had the text thing like we have in / r/uk i could finally use the eu flag as i want to : / . 
  we can dream , but for now you 're `` secretly american ( europhile ) '' , unless you 'd like it to be some thing else ? 
  i saw some one pointing out that they 're sold on ebay . 
  some guy makes theoretical coins for countries and non countries which may or may not want to join the euro , places like russia and siberia . 
  it 's just sort of fun to thing about and it 's an interesting trinket to own . 
  if i saw a set in a shop and they were cheap , i might consider it but i 'm weird like that . 
  your logic looks pretty shitty if we 're all perfectly honest . 
  not * all * of it , but you 're really not helping yourself here . 
  maybe you should quietly , be quiet and leave the `` we 're all programmed , really '' stuff to yourself , oh and the goldman sachs things , that 's a bit * too * conspiratorial . 
  he 's american ? 
  i 've seen him post in a bunch of other things looking rather well read . 
  i 'll have to give him a tag in case i forget . 
  * sheds a manly tear * . 
  that was , so beautiful * clap clap sob clap *, 
  does there need to be a point to everything ? 
  the universe seems pretty pointless if i 'm perfectly honest . 
  please take your racist shit else where . 
  in every even slightly racial divided thread you guys pop up . 
  it 's not funny . 
  it 's not even that offensive . 
  it just makes people sigh and think `` oh what a child/dick '' and move on . 
  that security looks bloody incompetent . 
  as first born she is obligated to fulfil the role of monarch of the commonwealth . 
  she could abdicate however that would not mean that the monarchy would be abolished , she does n't even have the power to abolish the monarchy . 
  all that would happen is that the whole order of succession would be messed up and we 'd have to get used to a whole load of new people who have n't been groomed for the throne ; that or give charles longer on the throne and no one thinks that 's a good idea . 
  she could abstain and shove the responsibility of being monarch onto her sister or pass it onto charles however that would not help any one . 
  i 'm not saying i like the monarchy ( i do , but that 's beside the point ) . 
  calling her a bitch is redundant . 
  she happens to be the head of an old institution of which she had little choice in deciding whether she should have the throne or not . 
  i would n't call her a bitch because she 's just the one in line for succession . 
  if you look at her and compare her to any other individual ( royal or not ) they would do a considerably worse job of it . 
  all euros would work if we had these , probably . 
  in reality we probably would n't get our own design any way . 
  bit harsh ... 
  there 's not a lot of 90 year old women that i 'd refer to as bitches no matter what they 've had thrust upon them . 
  i agree most people * who actually stop and think about it * do n't visualise it as similar to the american system . 
  however most people do n't stop and think about it , they simply here `` federal europe '' and go `` the usa is federal and i would hate to have the usa in europe '' . 
  it 'd would n't be like that , but that 's the connection people are making . 
  we 're well informed of the us 's problems and fear that they would double up with our own . 
  that would n't really be the case as we do n't have the same baggage , ect but people make that connection and it leads to incomplete judgements , irritatingly . 
  yeah but the uk 's special . 
  you know all those powers david cameron wants to claw back from brussels ? 
  one of them is going to be the power to have our own special euros , should the time come . 
  he will ... just you wait . 
  britain needs some pat on the head to make us feel special . 
  this ^ . 
  just because some one says this is the way it 's said , does n't mean that is actually the convention . 
  the french keep trying to dictate what words are in use , but ultimately fail because you ca n't tell people that what they 're saying is inherently wrong due to the way languages evolve . 
  i think you 're adding too much weight to your own idea . 
  if one country was to leave it 'd make the whole thing unravel and lead to option two . 
  i think this is the likely hood of each scenario * 1 a relatively short and straight journey to federalism . 
  * 2 replacement of the eu in a similar sense as the league of nations was replaced after it failed to prevent the crisis it was designed for , only to be replaced by a better institution : the united nations , which was a much * more * powerful institution . 
  * 3 replacement with a less powerful instituion . 
  * 4 completely dismantlement and returning to a pre 1919 europe . 
  * 5 shrinkage . 
  it 's unlikely that britain will leave the union preventing the domino effect to occur because of the benefits the uk receives from the eu and what it would loose by leaving . 
  other eu states would n't leave due to ether the benefits they reap or because of the protection than acquire . 
  these are all long term obviously . 
  i think the outcome of all of them will be an outcome which will last for over a century , provided no * serious * crises appear ( world war three , ect ) . 
  i 'm saying this because shrinkage might occur in the short term , but then one of the the options would eventually take its place . 
  a lot of people seem to make the illogical jump that federalism equals `` like the usa '' . 
  it really does n't have to be quite that way . 
  there 's plenty of other examples of federalism to look at . 
  i quite like them apart from a few things like calling them `` cents '' . 
  i ' not sure why that bothers me but some thing feels inherently too american about using a coin denominated into cents . 
  still , not too bad . 
  psst , probably not a good idea to claim the uk is actually doing * well * . 
  i 'd certainly claim it is but there 's a lot of people who 'd crawl out of the wood work and start talking about the flat lining economy , youth unemployment and a tory government , ect . 
  we 're doing good considering the circumstances but implying the uk is doing well is rather shaky ground . 
  ** ahahahahahah ** lol hilarious . 
  jokes about germans and the nazisor !, 
  i disagree . 
  there 's a fair amount of truth in that from my perspective . 
  i would n't go so far to say the northern europe is more like the uk culturally than the us and uk culturally , but that 's still a lot more similar than most people realise . 
  i 've been self teaching german for the passed year now ( i speak no other languages , as is the norm here ) and it 's really very surprising just how much british culture is reflected in german culture , right down to the names of the newspaper `` der spiegel '' which means `` the mirror '' and i even believe there 's a `` daily mirror '' in germany as well . 
  i think that sort of addresses a large part of the understanding problem . 
  as a largely monoglot island every time we looked at any other part of europe and particularly them communicating , it looks like this '' \u0645\u0631\u062d\u0628\u0627 . 
  it 's fairly difficult to see cultural parallels when that 's all you can discern and that 's why the us ' culture seems so much more familiar : we can actually understand them with little to no effort ( apart from when they say aluminium ), 
  i started reading but deciding it was far too opinionated and was over simplifying things far too much . 
   barack obama is president of the united states , commands an army fighting in afghanistan and is ** leader of the western world . 
  **  obama is right to be concerned about cameron 's increasingly dangerous posturing on europe , which is all about ** buying off his lunatic fringe of backbenchers -- and not about what 's best for britain . 
  **  absurd uk independence party some thing is very unprofessional about the whole site . 
   the russian government says it 's acting under un and african union decisions . 
  trainers could be sent to mali , but not to aid france but the malian government itself , a semantic detail which is `` very important for moscow '' ok , at first i thought this was a good think but now i 'm kind of skeptical and worrying that russia is just trying to mess stuff up for the west . 
  keep in mind sweden has a variety of difficult terrain and as a result ( partially ) has extremely difficult driving tests which require a greater level of skill than in almost all other eu states . 
  it 's much easier and cheaper to get a driver 's licence in the uk like i 'm currently doing . 
  all we need to be able to do is city driving and that 's it .
