  i wonder what users think about english speaking users ( like me , for example ) who write in a non-english language . 
  i do it now and then ( not as often as i want ) , because it is an opportunity to support the dual-language comments , but it 's also a bit different and i have annoyed a few germans ( and one or two french people ) with my comments :( thoughts ? 
  i 'm reading about the effects of the napoleonic wars in germany . 
  from what i understand , the brief period in which germany was dominated by napoleonic france basically transformed it , or at least started a transformation , which would bring about capitalism in germany and basically create germany as we currently understand it . 
  effectively what happened was that in those germanic states which were briefly incorporated into france , the feudal system of indentured servitude was abolished and replaced with a class system where individuals could move up or down the social hierarchy . 
  this had little effect at first because there was little class mobility due to things like lacking education . 
  however , it essentially allowed individuals to choose who they sold their labour to , which allowed a shift towards factories , rather than cottaging . 
  it also allowed the various german states to unify in the presence of a common enemy , which led very quickly to things like the frankfurt parliament later on and the creation of the north german confederation ( led by.prussia ) . 
  -- i 've also learned that religion at that time was a damn mess . 
  seriously , what even is pietism ? 
  -- so that 's my little bit of learning for this week, 
  dinner ? 
  so , you 're telling me that you 're not a free trade endorsing robot ? 
  * / u/savannajeff, 
  indeed , i did like your net neutrality question . 
  maybe next time . 
  we 're already in the process of getting new amas ( the uk green party 's energy spokesperson has shown an interest already ) , and the success of this ama will act as a beacon to more high profile individuals . 
  and then anyway , we may even ask corbett back in the future , if there is the desire for it !, 
  -- and do n't forget , if there 's other people who you think may give good amas ( no matter if they 're the head of a country or a member of your local community , politician , businessperson , artists , whatever ) then send me or my co-mods a message and we 'll get on it !, 
  because we did n't ? 
  only a handful of comments in this thread were removed ( maybe about ten , but i 've not got my plugins installed so not sure ) due to the audience being exceptionally polite and well mannered . 
  that said , we 've made it clear in every single post about the ama that we expect politeness and civility during amas , and there were a handful of comments that ignored this . 
  if you want to continue the conversation , please head over to / r/europemeta . 
  not corbett , but seeing as the ama is over now , i just wan na say that i think the eu is its own best ally . 
  we 're not really unified at the moment in terms of international relations . 
  we 've got lots of separate but similar interests . 
  we need to rely on each other more and coordinate our interests together better . 
  and then outside of the eu it 's just other european countries like switzerland , norway and iceland which are heavily integrated with the eu anyway . 
  paging / u/savannahjeff for thoughts . 
  and on behalf of the moderators and of the community , thank you for coming and doing an excellent ama !, 
  i feel better informed for having read your answers , and i 'm sure the rest of us do too !, 
  looking forward to following your work in future slyratchet / logan, 
   i would change is to require european parliamentary approval ( as well as that of the council of ministers ) for all commission proposals for european legislation ( ** at the moment there are some exceptions ** ) . 
  quick question : what are some of this exceptions ? 
  asking the real questions that need answering, 
  what do you think of commission president jean claude junker ? 
  what do you think of his investment plan for the eu ? 
  i thought that the wasteful fisheries policy had been scrapped , and that the situation was far more sustainable now . 
   labour party agrees with many unions that uk workers would be better off outside of the eu i just want to point out that jeremy corbyn ( leader of the labour party ) has said that he supports continued eu membership . 
  he 's sceptical of the eu from a left-wing perspective , but overall comes out in favour . 
  just adding some clarity . 
  i 'd rather have economic stagnation than the collapse of our environment, 
  if you know of any other people who 'd make good amas for this sub , then send me or my co mods a message . 
  does n't have to be a big public figure . 
  can be as big a recommendation as nigel farage and yanis varoufakis or as small as a member of your local community . 
  if you think they 'd be good , give us a bell . 
  btw , it looks like we 've got the green party 's ( of england and wales ) energy spokes person and member of the european committee of the regions to do an ama as well in the near future . 
  to be fair , it works the other way around too . 
  even as an atheist i get angry with people shoving atheism down my throat . 
  agenda pushing is still not allowed . 
  this post is not a changing of our rules . 
  we 're simply announcing the new change to our subreddit style with the addition of this little reminder when you write a comment . 
  that 's all it is : a reminder of our rules . 
   #slyratchetstillliterallyhitler you do care about me !, 
  sunrise , motherfucker !, 
  i watched the first episode . 
  it had potential , but it still was n't interesting enough for me to actually continue watching . 
  if you liked dexter and breaking bad , then this is n't quite as good as them , but is still worth a watch . 
  if i was n't already on season four of the good wife then i 'd probably watch narcos more, 
  any word on how this will effect the renegotiation of the eu-switzerland treaty which was voted on a few years ago . 
  i 'm not sure if anything 's still happening with that , but i never heard the end result . 
  yeah i 'm afk at the moment and only on phone , but i 'll message the other mods to make a sticky, 
  was he arrested before ? 
  it 's been 13 hours . 
  how 's it going ? 
  [ inequality before the rules !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfhyiofbrng&amp;t=2m3s ), 
  thirded, 
  i read german media . 
  i think you 're making merkel out to be more popular than she is . 
  i mean , she is certainly very popular , but it 's not unquestioningly so . 
  die zeit and der spiegel just recently have ran pieces questioning her policies or at least questioning whether it will help her or perhaps lead to her downfall . 
  she 's not unpopular . 
  quite the opposite . 
  but she is in a precarious positions . 
  also , her whole party definitely does not stand behind her . 
  de maiziere has been criticing her as much as he 's able to for ages and seehofer has been practically giving himself a heart attack with his protestation . 
  but honestly , who would you put on top ? 
  i looked through the whole list and there 's really nobody with a particularly outstanding record . 
  that 's the nature of politics . 
  you 've got ta make compromises , and compromises will always annoy most people ( even if they 're overall the best decisions ) . 
  she 's also still the 4th most popular politician in germany ( at least according der spiegel from three weeks ago ) . 
  because 12 % energy savings is * huge * . 
  we 're not trying to limit our energy usage with light bulbs alone . 
  it 's reductions across a whole range of devices . 
  the other one that the press latched onto was hoovers ( aka : vacuum cleaners ) . 
  you 're unlikely to see a significant drops because of lightbulbs alone , but the idea is that overall we 'll be limiting our energy usage when all the energy limiting policies are taken into account , or at least they 'll stop energy consumption from rising further, 
  it seems like lightbulbs are an incredibly inefficient way to heat your house . 
  plus , light bulbs are on when you need light , regardless of temperature , so you 'll often be using light bulbs which generate excess heat even when you do n't need it . 
  which means it 's being wasted , along with the energy used to power it . 
  i do n't think many real human connections suddenly break out across the debating floor of the european parliament , or any other parliament for that matter . 
  the parliament is for debating and ideas and nothing else . 
  you can build a friendship with other politicians at any of the hundreds of social events which go on in the european parliament every month . 
  it was party conference season in the uk . 
  not all of these events happened in the same week ( at least i do n't think ) but they 're all part of the same phenomenon . 
  the liberal democrats and then the greens were the first to do their conferences and in fact did their conferences in the same conference centre !, 
  it led to a great jibe from green leader natalie bennet : `` these are n't the first seats we 'll be taking from the lib dems , and they wo n't be the last ! '', 
  it was also the first lib dem conference with its new leader tim farron , who replaced the former deputy prime minister nick clegg in the spot . 
  apart from that , nothing particularly note worthy from these two conferences . 
  i think ukip was also on at the same time , but i do n't think anybody took much notice .
