  ' i keep as far away from cliffs with the car as i possibly can , ' said the irishman . 
  an englishman an , irishman and a scotsman walk into a bar ; ouch . 
  an englishman , an irishman and a scotsman were all seriously ill in hospital . 
  the scotsman asked if he could hear the bagpipes for one last time before he died and his request was granted . 
  the scotsman recovered but every other patient in the hospital died . 
  an englishman , an irishman , a scotsman , knight , a bishop , an engineer and a farmer walk into a bar . 
  the barman says '' * is this a joke or what !, 
  hehe , i liked that . 
  i put it through google translate after to make sure i was understanding . 
   what difference zw\u00fcsche ish de de schwiiz and kolumbie ? 
  be eus measures de snow me i meter in kolumbie in grams weldon . 
  you 've broken google . 
  ahh that makes sense . 
  i guess using the word `` meint '' for `` thinks '' is unfamiliar to me . 
   apply for a eea healthcare card , save up enough money to survive for a couple of months and do it . 
  keep enough money saved for a ticket home just in case , and have a good time . 
  the worst possible outcome is that you hate it and move back home . 
  that 's an interesting little philosophy i might have to keep with me in future, 
  same . 
  this sub reddit i think is much more evenly split between pro eu integration and against than a pro-russian and anti russian one would be and we seem to do alright . 
  could do better , but we also could do a lot worse . 
  makes for good conversations anyway , at least sometimes . 
  yeah personally i think anyone who claims the bbc has any kind of serious/tangible bias ( in either direction ) has never actually used it . 
  still , it could be subtly bias one way or the other . 
  subtle being the key word . 
  we are sad to announce that yuschenko died in the early hours of the morning during a spontaneous hunting trip with his friend , russian oligarch isak smirnoff , who had invited him only half an hour before he died . 
  the injury was a fatal gunshot wound to the head , self inflicted , from 30 metres away . 
  why ? 
  either way the esa is a good example of an agency being above the control of any individual member state . 
  as far as the usa i really think you 're over stating things here . 
  * but * even if you are not and things are far worse than you claim them to be , * even if that is the case * , is it not very impressive that the usa has managed to be in existence this long and protect the rights of its citizens for such a huge amount of time with only about 30 amendments . 
  i 'd call that a success . 
  and even if you think things in the usa are bad now , does n't mean the us has gone over the edge and is beyond the point of no return . 
  they can just have more amendments and rejig the way its system works . 
  the uk has to amend the way its system works constantly . 
  france and germany have only existed in their current forms for less than a hundred years . 
  the soviet union collapsed and fell apart after less than a century . 
  the us system is a fantastic model to reproduce . 
  it has proven that it can last for over two centuries . 
  do n't you find that impressive ? 
  we do n't even have to stick with it perfectly . 
  we can look through the history of the usa and find the weaknesses of the system and amend them in a way the usa is currently too politically weak to . 
  we can solve whatever problems the us currently has with its political system and improve upon it . 
  it sounds like a fantastic plan to me . 
  hmm i think impossible is a bit of a stretch . 
  it 's definitely improbable though . 
  in the 1940s or 50s many people called a borderless europe an impossibility . 
  people called a nuclear war inevitable . 
  people said we will not have a woman prime minister for another 50 or 70 years . 
  my point is that stranger things have happened . 
  the thing is , * if * the chancellor of germany decided to really push for this , and there were a few head 's of state like francois hollande and the prime minister of poland who also agreed to it then , what would stop it from happening ? 
  greece , spain italy et al would probably have little choice but to follow in germany + the other rich countries ' footsteps . 
  now the question is , is it likely for merkel and a other heads of government to do this ? 
  not at all . 
  it 's not completely impossible either if you look at how pro eu some heads of government are and how pro-eu some of their electorates are . 
  it 's unlikely and it 's even improbable but it 's not quite impossible . 
  it 's not impossible because there is nothing which would fundamentally stop it from happening . 
  it would take some manoeuvring and it would be a bit of a risk on merkel 's end of course . . 
   the american system does not work hm ? 
  looks like it 's been doing pretty good over the past ~ 200 years . 
  it 's hardly even had any constitutional amendments either . 
  it 's also got one of the highest gdp per capitas of any country on the planet and also the largest economy in the world excluding the eu common market . 
  it 's definitely one of the better countries in the world to live in terms of democracy . 
  i mean , just compare it to any non-western country and even a good number of western countries . 
   europe should be able to set guidlines and standards member states should fill in on their own . 
  so we should remove the common currency , the eu cohesion funds , the european space agency ( second best funded space agency on the planet ) , eurostat and any possibility of a united military force which is actually capable of protecting us from any future threat without relying on the us . 
  also the eu financed transport initiatives along with a whole host of other stuff . 
  further more , why do you expect member states to fill in the guidelines set out by the eu ? 
  i mean , eu member states already do this a lot . 
  whenever the eu passes legislation all that does is force the appropriate member states to implement that legislation in their national parliaments . 
  how they implement it is up to them . 
  if they do n't comply then they get a fine until they do comply . 
  take into account this as well . 
  the eu is built on the principle that the eu should only take on competencies for things which are best served at the federal level or are incapable of being served at the national or local level . 
  the european union is built on the stance that the smallest unit possible should do as much work as it can and every level above that should only do what the level below it is incapable of doing effectively . 
  your local council is incapable of running an army or a currency . 
  portugal is incapable of bargaining effectively with big countries like china , russia and the usa to get good trade deals , so that competency is devolved to the eu level . 
  again , most countries are reluctant or incapable of funding an effective space agency by themselves which is why the esa is here ( european space agency ) . 
  so the eu sounds like it largely complies with your wishes . 
  how would you prefer it to be laid out ? 
  well yeah , but the state did n't collapse and then went on to but a lot less menacing . 
  the cultural revolution was pretty bad and everything , but slavery in america was pretty bad but it did n't mean that democracy was doomed . 
  it was just a rather unhappy note in its history . 
  same with the empire in britain ( after britain became a democracy ) . 
  china seems like kind of a success story for communism if anything . 
   china huh ? 
  yeah it 's just interesting because you 're doing * a lot * more than people normally would . 
  not sure if that 's a bad thing or a good thing but interesting . 
  what ever, 
  north america , south america , australia and africa were the ones i was counting . 
  you ca n't count europe because , well , europeans already lived there . 
  antarctica was never colonised as evidenced by the fact there 's only about 1,000 people on the whole continent . 
  asia is a tricky one though . 
  i 'd argue that it was n't colonised but instead was largely taken by europeans . 
  note the difference between colonialism and imperialism . 
  for instance i 'd say the british empire held territory in india and the middle east but i would n't say that the british empire had colonies there . 
  french indochina and russian eastern expanse/soviet union 's control of central asian states and the dutch east indies makes things less clear . 
  i do n't understand the history of the these places well enough to say whether they were properly colonised or not . 
  at any rate , colonisation in the other four continents was absolute . 
  europeans gained complete control over the entirety of four continents ( or at least their ancestors did ) .
