  it 's a very difficult thing to measure and it 's something you can only do by really watching users everyday , with the full force of the statistics and controls behind you . 
  it 's a bit of a coin toss between the two options . 
  the flair-filter system is one we 've implemented before for the ukraine crisis . 
  both options have a lot of merit , but we decided to do a megathread for a variety of small reasons . 
  one of which was that we felt the discussions in 99 % of the immigration submissions were relevant to any of the other submissions . 
  so we feel as though there is real merit in not only putting the submissions in one place , but the comments too . 
  that way you can have a * comprehensive * discussion about immigration rather than 50 different small ones . 
  if you compare that with something like ukraine , there were a lot of stories within stories . 
  domestic ukrainian political situation , domestic russian politics , crimea , the donbass , the baltics , the nato summits , position of western soldiers , the creation of the eurasian union , and so on : all unique narratives in their own right where the discussion is not immediately relevant to the wider discussion in the same way immigration sub themes are . 
  so that 's one significant advantage of a megathread in this instance . 
  another significant one worth mentioning is that flairs are n't often used . 
  for instance , i would say that about half or less of the users read the sidebar , and about the same amount regularly read flairs . 
  so they 're unlikely to become aware of the fact that the flairs exist and are therefore going to continue to be unhappy with the way the subreddit is . 
  it 's essentially a communication issue , but one that we 're unable to solve sufficiently . 
  however megathreads are clearly visible and fit into the general way subreddits work seamlessly . 
  a third reason is that i think there is a lot of benefit in actually cataloguing these immigration stories to try and get a holistic view of the situation . 
  this is a similar reason to the comprehensive conversation reason i mentioned earlier , but instead of having a whole conversation it 's about having a whole grasp of the news . 
  so , the reasons are quite numerous . 
  subscribers = / = users . 
  the number of subscribers to / r/europe constantly rises by about a hundred people per day , but few of those people actually participate . 
  it 's the same way i 'm subbed to / r/technology , but i ca n't honestly say that i 've ever looked at it , so it 'd be ridiculous to call me a user of / r/technology despite the fact i 'm a subscriber . 
  that 's why this is so sad . 
  to have a long time user pm you and tell you that they 're not angry , but they 're disappointed and that they 're leaving ... 
  it 's not good . 
  i would take one actual user over ten thousand subscribers easily . 
  we 're losing good users because of the complete excess of this immigration content . 
  it 's not even because the sub is growing in subscribers . 
  we 've been growing for a long time and the content stayed broadly the same ( in fact , it got better ihmo for a time because we had even more real users being engaged ) . 
  fortunately , we have a simple solution , and maybe by doing this we can win some of those lost users back and possibly even win more that we never had in the first place . 
  that 's my dream . 
  those are good ideas . 
  i 'll have them implemented asap . 
  the submissions which have already been uploaded 'll just be given the same time stable . 
   is it just one mod hiding behind the anonymous / u/moderatorsofeurope [ 1 ] account ? 
  why does this account exist ? 
  if you had read the op then you would know precisely why this account exists and why it is being used . 
  but allow me to quote for you the relevant sentence . 
   this thread will be renewed every day or two , or whenever it reached approximately 500 comments ( which is why we are using the / u/moderatorsofeurope account ; so different mods can log in at different times and edit the op ) . 
  -- furthermore , the account / u/moderatorsofeurope lacks the ability to remove comments . 
  it was only given literally no permissions on / r/europe . 
  hopefully this sets your mind at ease . 
  fyi : i really do n't care if you 're pro or against immigration . 
  i do n't moderate to advance my political beliefs , and nor do any other moderators on the team . 
  our one goal is a sub which is filled with interesting and insightful discussion and content , and perhaps even be a little bit entertaining . 
  the omnipresence of immigration threads is causing a drop in quality . 
  i do n't care that it 's immigration . 
  it could be any political issue . 
  we would undertake the same action , because this is the way to ensure a variety of high quality discussion ( rather than a single discussion which is low quality and regurgitative ) . 
  many users have left the subreddit because instead of this being / r/europe it became / r/europeanimmigration . 
  this is people from all over the political spectrum too , not just people who were for/against immigration . 
  personally , i think the quality of the subreddit was objectively deteriorating due to the overwhelming prevalence of one issue which was being constantly jumped upon by a sizeable minority of users , quite possibly with outside agitators who were brigading . 
  it 's not just that it was all on the same issue . 
  it was that the arguments being thrashed out in the comments section were always the same . 
  -- and i do n't buy into the idea that you could say that about every topic on every subreddit ever . 
  / r/europe is quite news focused and frequently discussed an ever changing variety of things . 
  but for some reason immigration just stuck . 
  and stayed stuck , despite the majority of users being not particularly interested . 
   ^ ( * persecuted in your way home * )  ** they wanted to rape a nineteen year old : three asylum seekers arrested in bavaria **  in the upper bavarian county of miesbach three asylum seekers have been arrested . 
  the young men are alleged to have tried to rape a 19 year old . 
  first through huge resistance she was succeeding in her escape . 
  the assumed perpetrators are in custody . 
  i do n't care what you guys talk about , so long as it 's not the same thing five times a day , every day , forever , to the exclusion of everything else . 
  everything in everyone of those threads was nothing new . 
  the same old arguments by both sides regurgitated over and over again . 
  now you can all have that same regurgitative arguments in one place so that it does n't annoy the rest of the community . 
  no , because what you 've said is false . 
  [ here 's a more detailed comment where i cite sources ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33cv92/if_you_want_to_stop_migrants_crossing_the/cqjutt8 ) . 
  please consider the evidence before you make such bold claims about the authenticity or otherwise of asylum applications, 
  a ) refugees and immigrants are entirely different things . 
  refugees are indeed a type of immigrant ( in the sense that they have to move from one place to another ) but their reasons for doing so are entirely different to almost all other kinds of immigrants . 
  you can criticise economic immigration all you like and i 'm fine with that . 
  but refugees are not economic migrants . 
  they do not move out of choice . 
  they move out of necessity . 
  i hate even using the word `` immigrant '' or `` migrant '' because it lumps together a whole range of people who otherwise have nothing in common with each other . 
  it 's like grouping all the people who drink milk together into one group and trying to say anything meaningful about them . 
  you ca n't . 
  because there 's almost nothing unifying the group . 
  their motivations for drinking milk are n't even the same ( some do it for nutrition , whilst others do it for the lovely milky flavour ) . 
  it 's the same with `` immigrants '' . 
  b ) leading on from that point , * economic * immigration can lead to lower wages for the native inhabitants ( although this should easily be countered through adequate social welfare and market regulation ) . 
  but that has nothing to do with refugees . 
  c ) you can criticise economic immigration all you like , but we do n't bring in refugees because they are helpful to us . 
  we let refugees in because it is helpful * to them * . 
  without us , they would die . 
  worse than that , they would die excruciating and protracted deaths , and quite possibly be tortured . 
  we have a human obligation to help those people . 
  d ) so seeing as we have a moral obligation to help these people , it serves that we should try and make their stay in our country be as smooth as possible for both them and the native inhabitants . 
  one way to do that , is to ensure that they have adequate provisions to live and participate within society , which means not succumbing to relative poverty . 
  if you 're too poor to leave your house and participate in wider society , then you ca n't integrate . 
  ergo , they should receive some benefits in order to facilitate the whole process . 
  e ) this is also fine because ordinary swedes who are similarly poor also get access to the same bus pass . 
  it 's not fair . 
  it 's the same as anybody else in the country would get if they fell into relative poverty . 
  g ) whatsmore , giving out social welfare to the worst off in society is actually better for the economy because it creates more consumers , which stimulates demand . 
  when the poorest in society suffer , then the whole nation suffers ( which is one of the many reasons the economies in greece , spain , italy and portugal have been so sluggish for so long ) . 
    how about rational thinking and drawing conclusions based on real world and not in some fairy multicultural diversity tale . 
  giving refugees free bus passes in order to help them integrate better seems like a pretty rational thing to do . 
  i mean , look at it like this problem : refugees are n't integrating solution : give them the means to integrate ( e.g. 
  bus passes ) everybody wins !,
