  if we all vote with that element in mind , then democracy will gradually improve . 
  i 'm not sure if that answers your question or not . 
  i think you 're over estimating how much worse things could be . 
  there 's no war , there 's food for all , there 's wealth fair for all , there 's democracy , there 's a capable police force , there 's capable universal health care . 
  the uk is one of the richest countries on the planet . 
  there are very few laws i am actually opposed to . 
  i am actually pretty pleased with the three major parties . 
  progress continues to be made . 
  the situation in the uk continues to get better , even if that road is bumpy . 
  the freedom of information act is n't that old . 
  the first stage of house of lords reform took place only a few years ago ( i 'm still waiting for hereditaries to be completely kicked out ) . 
  am i completely satisfied with the uk government , and previous uk governments ? 
  absolutely not . 
  do i think these successive governments are bad enough to consider voting for a crazy party like ukip ? 
  absolutely * not * . 
  i would n't risk jeopardising the prosperity we have . 
  yeah things are bad here , at the present time what with the cameron government and the prism stuff . 
  but they have been much worse in the passed in other places in the world are much worse right now . 
  yeah , i hate that the government has been spying on me , but if my only options are two people who 're going to spy on me and a crazy guy who 's going to destroy my house so there 's nothing to spy on , i would pick the spies . 
  progress continues to be made , and i would consider voting for a third ( fourth ? ), 
  party , but that party must be at least vaguely competent . 
   hey have no record of lying a ) when i see a man , with a large hood covering his face , standing under a dark bridge , alone , at night , when i am wearing my fancy clothes , i do not give him the chance to screw me over . 
  i do n't have any record of this man doing anything insincere , but i also have no record that the lion bearing down on me has done anything bad in past . 
  however i 'm also not going to let the lion get any closer . 
  b ) i consider a large portion of the things said in [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3t95-g86ag ) to be lies or at the best least , deceitful or or misleading . 
  ukip is not an honest party . 
  it has n't even had power yet , and we already have things like this where they heavily mislead the public . 
  some history never stops being a touchy subject . 
  i 'm nostalgic * for having a collection of states in europe , all under one government . 
  but that 's basically it . 
  i could care less about the nature of austria-hungary and all the problems which come with an empire , like lack of respect for democracy , few human rights , a system of government which benefits the top and not the bottom , a powerful army which was used , ect . 
  empires are n't something to feel nostalgic for . 
  i never feel completely nostalgic for the british empire . 
  i do , however , feel nostalgic for certain aspects of it . 
  i like that the british empire meant the uk was the most powerful , important and influential nation in the world . 
  but despite that nostalgia , i do n't actually want the empire back , because i think it is a stain on human history in many ways . 
  it 's a stain worth being proud of , and worth being ashamed off . 
  just like austria-hungary ^ ( * i 'm aware i ca n't actually feel nostalgia for the british empire or austria-hungary . 
  i 'm using the word incorrectly , because i think this comment reads better that way . ), 
  do n't count your chickens before they hatch . 
  ukip is anti europe first , populous second and libertarian third . 
  libertarian , i think , is the bit of ukip which would potentially be anti prism and anti cctv . 
  the liberal democrats on the other hand , well liberal 's right in the name . 
  i 'm not saying any of the big party 's are going to do this , or that they 're even vaguely likely to . 
  i just think they 're more likely to than ukip . 
  if ukip wants to maintain all the uk military stuff , it 's probably going to want us support . 
  along with many other reasons . 
  what if the conservatives , labour or the lib dem supported losing ties with the us ? 
  yes , if you read your own version of events into everything , then you 'll be right 100 % of the time . 
  however , just because your version of events is a possability , does not mean it is more valid than the version of events the eu is putting forward , which is that they , you know , found out more information and then realised that prism is actually a lot worse than they first thought . 
  also , what 's wrong with a government letting the public influence its policies ? 
  a government is supposed to reflect public opinion , not run contrary to it . 
  why not ? 
  the uk issues new coins every few years or so , and we 're getting a new version of some of the notes soon as well . 
  no particular reason . 
  just decided we wanted to stick more people onto our money . 
  sounds about right for the conservatives, 
  i wish people in northern ireland could just decide whether they want to be part of the union or part of ireland and then forget about it for the next hundred years . 
  this goes for the british unionists and the irish republicans . 
  there 's no point in arguing about it every bloody day , and there 's definitely no point hating each other over it . 
  and thus my believe that politicians are secretly monkeys in suits is proved . 
   if people do n't ** want ** to spend their time helping the elderly seems kind of harsh to punish people for their internal and potentially secret inner thoughts . 
  i do n't take pleasure in helping the elderly , however i 've done it anyway . 
  i just do n't enjoy it or look forward to it . 
  if i was absolutely hell bent on making a rock float , i would n't do so by doing the same thing time after time . 
  what i would do , is throw it once and examine the results . 
  then go to the drawing board and start thinking about what the problems were with my rock . 
  a little while later , i 'll try to make my rock float in a different way . 
  perhaps i will attach a harness on the rock and attach some balloons to that . 
  then , my rock starts to float , because there 's nothing inherently wrong with rocks floating . 
  there 's no inherent proof of logic which says they ca n't . 
  no proof of science . 
  just likes there 's no proof which says a confederation would n't work . 
  we have many examples of confederations not working , and therefor many examples from which to realise exactly what they did wrong and fix the problems . 
  easy mistake to make, 
  yes he did mention bishops immediately before the parenthesises , however i still believed that the was talking about the house of lords in its wider sense because he did n't say explicitly that he was referring to bishops . 
  from my perspective , the thing about bishops seemed more of a tangent and the thing inside the parenthesises was relating to the issue of the members of the house of lords in general . 
  that was how i interpreted it . 
  it was not malicious . 
  it is quite easy to interpret what was written in that way , because it is not fully clear . 
  i do n't see why turkeys having no knowledge of human nature stops the analogy from working . 
  i could very easily change it to be about geological events , astronomical events or even political events . 
  for instance , the ancient greeks were the first people ( recorded ) using democracy . 
  as far as we are aware , no where in human history , before the greeks , had democracy been used . 
  all nation states before this point had been oligarchies . 
  so , if all forms of government * ever * have been oligarchies , surely this means that every government in the future will be an oligarchy ? 
  this is not true , obviously , because no many more systems of government have arisen since the rise of ancient greece . 
  so just because there have been several examples of a confederal system not working , does not mean confederal systems will always fail . 
  misinterpret ? 
  possibly . 
  i 'm uncertain of what derekjdurant meant , exactly , know . 
  deliberate ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's up to the author to make sure the article is written specifically and without room for misinterpretation . 
  this does raise an interesting question , at what point will we be able to say the crisis is over ? 
  did i ever say the house of lords was perfect ? 
  i acknowledge it has a huge array of problems , most notably the few hereditary peers who still sit in there and should be removed . 
  the lords needs reform , but it is at heart a good chamber and a good idea . 
  the people in that chamber have their seats guaranteed . 
  there is no party whip forcing them to vote a particular way which allows them to vote and make amendments based on what they think is right , not what their party tells them too .
