  however , as the project has gone on , more and more people are advocating for such a thing . 
  i would like it to happen , but i would be lying if i said that was the goal of the eu . 
  i disagree with reilly616 when he talks about the european parliament , but i do think he has a point that the differences us commentators talk about are genuine . 
  for instance , the republicans would never be taken seriously in most of europe due to how right wing they are . 
  where as most national european parties ( christisch demokratisch union ( cdu , merkel 's party ) , conservative party ( uk ) , french socialist party ( fran\u00e7ois hollande ) , could fit in in most european countries quite easily . 
  ukip 's is a great example given that virtually every eu country has an anti europe party at the moment , but that 's for understandable reasons . 
  i 'd never vote for the republicans or the democrats ( us ) if they stood for election in the uk , but i 'd have to think about it hard if one of the major european parties stood for election . 
  that 's not `` the point '' of it , no . 
  some members of the european parliament want it that way , but that 's not why the eu was created . 
  nor is it its direct intention . 
  at least not officially and at least not officially yet . 
  no , scotland 's the one in england . 
  europe is somewhere nearby . 
  bit of trivia . 
  it 's actually illegal to for mps in the house of commons to accuse a fellow mp of being drunk , * even if they are drunk * . 
  i know there 's actually an instance of this happening under , i think , the conservative government of either major or thatcher . 
  one of their ministers was reading out a bill to parliament while he was absolutely gazebode and one of the opposition mps stood up and accused him of being trunk , where upon * she * ( the opposition mp ) was told to leave parliament for breaking the rules . 
   seem this is an incredibly unreliable way to determine things . 
  for instance , to me lobbying * seems * just as bad as in the us . 
  i also want to point out the sensationalist nature of news organisation in america which tend to pain a much more sensational picture than the press in britain and europe does . 
  so we end up thinking we 're more moderate than the americans , when in fact this has little basis in reality . 
  even if lobbying is worse there , whether lobbying is effective or not depends upon those in government . 
  the eu government definitely gets lobbied extensively and i think is capable of handling more just as well as it currently is . 
  that is , that it will not handle it perfectly , but that it will manage . 
  we could always make a non privated one ? 
  / r/ask _ europe seems really stupid to have a `` ask ____ '' sub set to private . 
  @ 1 you raise two concerns , one of which i agree with and that 's that american food tends to use low quality or untested ingredients and not say clearly on the packaging . 
  for instance , corn syrup and gm crops . 
  i happen to be pro gm crops , but i still think they should be labelled . 
  i 'm going to reserve judgement on that front because i believe there 's a chance american 's laws on food labelling might become more stringent . 
  i will be very upset if european standards go down to facilitate this change . 
  i do n't want that to happen , but i think that the eu heads of state know this and will make the trade deal accordingly . 
  secondly , i disagree with you second point about putting european farmers out of business . 
  if our farms are uncompetitive , then why do they exist ? 
  i 'm not a fan of protectionism , ie , keeping tariffs high to protect certain industries . 
  our economy as a whole will be able to survive even if we 're out sold in the short term . 
  after a few years ( potentially decades ) our farms should become competitive again . 
  @ 2 fear of lobbying is a very weak criticism . 
  us companies do n't lobby any harder than eu companies and assuming otherwise without very good evidence is simply sensationalism . 
  secondly , we already get our information mined by google , microsoft and others . 
  americans blowing up iranian oil has nothing to do with it . 
  are americans going to blow up european business because we were so stupid as to let them have a free trade deal with them ? 
  free trade has nothing to do with blowing up oil rigs . 
  free trade has very little to do with the sort of national security you 're talking about . 
  there definitely are national security issues in our modern world , but they do not come from eu-us free trade . 
  i 'm more concerned about privacy , but that also has nothing to do with eu-us trade . 
  @ 3 debatable . 
  i 've already mentioned protectionist policies before . 
  as i said , i am not a fan of them . 
  however , america will also have to compete with great movies from europe like harry potter , sherlock holmes and dr who . 
  it 'll mostly affect the uk and ireland ( plus maybe malta ) where english is the defacto official language . 
  other european nations will be sheltered due to the language barrier . 
  again , armed raids on people 's houses are pretty irrelevant . 
  it 's not completely irrelevant , but it is mostly fear mongering . 
  @ 4 i might be wrong here , but does n't the us prison population only create goods for the us military ? 
  i was under the impression prisoners were only used for making body armour , shell casings , ect and never for consumers goods . 
  @ 5 i do n't see this problem crossing over the pond . 
  is n't the problem already here , anyway ? 
  we 're just sheltered from it by the large scale usage of national health services like the nhs in the uk who buy our expensive medicines for us . 
  ** lastly ** surely , most of the problems you raise will either be countered out by them not coming to fruition or by there being other positives to free trade which out weigh the negatives ? 
  jpmorgen forgets that fascism can be radically right wing * or * radically left wing . 
  i say , if there 's going to be fascism , authoritarianism or what have you , i want it to be left wing . 
  at least then they 'll provide me with crappy food and health care instead of anarcho capitalism . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  you raise good points . 
  all that i would add is : just because it is legislation , does not mean it is legal . 
  i at least some of these are in breach of article eight . 
  i could imagine there being difficulties taking the government to court in the examples involving sweden , given that you need to prove you 're being listened in on before you can get the government to repeal the legislation . 
  it 's just worth noting , for those who do n't already know , whilst this is legal under us law it is not legal under european law . 
  all european nations ( apart form belarus ) have signed the european convention on human rights . 
  this means that they have signed up to article eight . 
  this means that they have signed up to this article  article 8 provides a right to respect for one 's `` private and family life , his home and his correspondence '' , subject to certain restrictions that are `` in accordance with law '' and `` necessary in a democratic society '' . 
  this article clearly provides a right to be free of unlawful searches , but the court has given the protection for `` private and family life '' that this article provides a broad interpretation , taking for instance that prohibition of private consensual homosexual acts violates this article . 
  this may be compared to the jurisprudence of the united states supreme court , which has also adopted a somewhat broad interpretation of the right to privacy . 
  furthermore , article 8 sometimes comprises positive obligations : [ 20 ] whereas classical human rights are formulated as prohibiting a state from interfering with rights , and thus not to do something ( e.g. 
  not to separate a family under family life protection ) , the effective enjoyment of such rights may also include an obligation for the state to become active , and to do something ( e.g. 
  to enforce access for a divorced parent to his/her child ) . 
  would you rather have it that way , or be like italy ? 
  even as a politics student i ca n't say whether or not their is a law which forbids criticism of her majesty , but i can tell you that if such a law does exist , as a royal prerogative or as statute law , it is not used in practice . 
  at least not for the queen at any rate . 
  i think what matters here at any rate is whether these laws are respected or not . 
  there are many laws in every country which are completely ignored . 
  however , in portugal not only do you have this stupid law , but it is also being respected . 
  i agree with you a lot here . 
  i think the decision to enlarge past poland and the czech republic was a step too far . 
  we have the problem of the democratic deficit , and poor management of the eu and of the eu 's poor decision making abilities . 
  these problems should have been fixed before expanding . 
  now that we 've got 27 and soon to be 28 members , it 's almost impossible to pass reforms as opposed to when we had 9 or 11 , or 15 . 
  it 's still possible to fix these problems , but it is so much harder now . 
  it 's also , not going to get any easier if we keep expanding . 
  i love thinking about expanding european borders all the way up to russia by including ukraine , and having belarus 's dictator fall to be replaced by a decent democratic government . 
  i like the idea of the balkans being entirely eu . 
  i think that the european version of manifest destiny is very exciting , but i think that we should n't rush it . 
  if we rush it we 'll crush it . 
  i 've always been kind of bemused by the way we look at economics . 
  i mean , we 're very used to having indefinite economic growth . 
  however , i do n't really see why that should be the case . 
  surely , there is a limit to how large an economy can be based on how many people live in the country or how many resources there are on earth . 
  in the uk , economic growth is flatlining . 
  it has stayed broadly in the same place for the past three years at least , but i see no reason why this is a bad thing .
