  how many nuclear weapons that exist have ever been used ? 
  does n't mean that it 's not armageddon waiting to happen, 
  seems like a bad idea to have a giant target sailing in the oceans which could be hit at any time and cause an environmental disaster . 
  nuclear subs are different , because they 're quite likely to go through their whole lives without ever getting damaged . 
  ships , on the other hand , are a different story . 
  i always forget that they exist . 
  yeah , but like i say , this is n't / r/thefirstworld . 
  if people want to have those questions over an / r/askreddit that 's fine and more power to them , but we have slightly more specific interests in / r/europe . 
  we like to discuss * european * things . 
  it 's our neighbourhood . 
  if anybody here is interested in america , or canada , or australia or israel , then people can go to subs which cater for those sorts of interests . 
  where as here , we have a clear remit . 
  when people subscribe here , they know what sort of content they are getting , and that content is not amas of american redditors et cetera . 
   i think there are some people from every european country on here , right ? 
  i think we 're missing a few people from some of the microstates , like monaco , san marino , vatican ( obviously ) , liechtenstein and even some of the larger ones like luxembourg ( in terms of population , anyway ) , kosovo and malta . 
  i do n't know if we are missing any of these people , but i do not recall * ever * seeing people who 've donned their flairs . 
   if you guys want , it could eventually include non-european countries . 
  there are many australians , canadians , and americans in this subreddit . 
  why would we want that ? 
  one of the whole reasons subs like this exist is because everywhere else on reddit and the internet in general is dominated by people from america . 
  this is / r/europe and not / r/thefirstworld or / r/thewesternworld and we like it that way . 
  and then we can all pretend we 're in star trek !, 
  i 'd vote for that . 
  it 's alright . 
  personally , i was very conflicted about making this judgement , but unfortunately every image/joke submission takes the place that a discursive could potential fill instead . 
  it never feels good to remove a submission that people like , but that 's just how the cookie crumbles . 
  genuinely , thanks for understanding !, 
  this submission has been removed as per rule six . 
   this is a moderated forum , to maintain a civil environment , and a * high level of debate * . 
  we reserve the right to actively moderate the subreddit as is reasonable , to achieve those aims . 
  emphasis adding by myself , to illustrate the relevant section . 
  we 're accepting of a very wide range of content here , but it is felt that this sort of content is infectious to large subreddits ( which / r/europe is very quickly becoming ) and we ca n't allow low quality , instant gratification content like this to prosper in / r/europe without the quality of discussion here nose diving . 
  we want people to be able to come here and enjoy themselves , but also to be able to have discussion about serious topics and it is felt that a stand must be taken against low quality , instant gratification content so as to ensure this does not become like / r/adviceanimals or / r/gaming . 
  we are very proud of the high levels of discussion found here , and it is felt that image macros and purely humorous content , which is not even satirical , would drown this out . 
  thank you for your understanding . 
  at what point of the video are we supposed to be looking ? 
   with obvious consequences for that country , which in turn will make that trend more likely in the future , in a positive feedback loop . 
  i do n't follow this bit . 
  i do n't doubt that there are consequences , but i severely doubt that the consequences are significant , and i think they are significantly outweighed by the benefits to the country by allowing the job market to become relatively less saturated . 
  and i do n't see how this will create a loop . 
  if you have a friend who is resident in the uk ( does n't even have to be a british citizen iirc , just commonwealth or eu ) then you could ask them to write to their mp for you . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm not sure how that works . 
  my austrian friend is coming over to the uk at some point and i 'm gon na write to paul bloomfield and ask him to reserve a space for two . 
  iirc you can go to view a debate in the house of commons for free if you just write to your mp . 
   ukraine 's going to shut down the producing of all kinds of medicinal substances in its territories !, 
   paralyzed due to a total ignorance and total absence of financing on the country 's authorities behalf  a half of pharmaceutical workshops producing prime necessity medicine here ... are not operating already i would very much appreciate sources on these claims . 
  the thing is , it is very easy to mislead consumers into thinking more power = better , which is what has been happening since forever with the vacuum cleaner industry . 
  so consumers have effectively been buying products which do n't do a very good job , cost a lot to run ( electricity ) , and are n't very good for the planet ( electricity ) and if you just put a tax on it , then it consumers would still pay for the damn things ( despite their poor service ) and be poorer because of it . 
  it 's all about responsible capitalism . 
  [ daniel kahneman ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_kahneman ) ( the noble prize winner ) advocates something very similar insofar as he believes that you ca n't expect consumers to become fully aware of everything about the products they are buying . 
  for instance , we 're very easily mislead by things such as signs that say `` 92 % fat free ! '', 
  which , said another way , means `` 8 % fat ! '' . 
  the sort of thing kahneman advocates is that advertising like this should always only be displayed in a very specific way , and that this be enshrined in legislation . 
  the problem with the vacuum cleaner , is that there 's no way to measure actual performance or to stop consumers from being easily mislead , which is why i think fazing out energy intensive vacuum cleaners completely is the best option . 
  well , that 's certainly one way to look at it . 
  if you look at it another way , it 's large ( central and northern ) european economies providing the opportunity for southern europeans to have a better quality of life and better job prospects . 
  i mean , what would all of these professionals do if they were stuck in the country they happened to do their degree in ? 
  work doing menial tasks which are well bellow their abilities , probably and force other people out of such jobs . 
  at least if people are moving around europe to where they are needed , they are making the job market at home slightly less crowded , so those who do n't have such demanded skills have at least a marginally better chance at finding employment and so the government does n't have to spend so much money trying to fix the problem . 
  everything is improved by allowing professionals in poor european economies to migrate to richer ones . 
  when spain and the rest of southern europe have instituted proper labour market reforms , there will be a flood of professionals willing to move to spain from the rest of europe to have their skills taken advantage of . 
  who would n't want to work in a rich and prosperous spain ? 
  that 's the beauty of the eu labour market . 
  labour goes where it needs to . 
  just because it 's left spain or portugal or greece or italy does n't mean it 's disappeared . 
  i agree that we should n't be like / r/murica because i 've been there , but what 's wrong with / r/canada ? 
  i do n't know anything about that sub , but from a brief glance they seem alright . 
  what 's more surprising is that the uk has an incredibly high internet penetration , so more the uk 's already large population has the internet as a percentage . 
  i suppose reddit just must have been big know canada before it was big in the uk, 
  actually , there 's canada which has about 140,000 . 
  i did some projections ( i have to earn my keep as a moderator somehow ) and worked out that we will be the largest geographical subreddit ( overtaking r/murica and r/canada ) in about 11 weeks . 
  hurray !, 
  french snobbiness : confirmed . 
  * and french people , and swiss french people , and belgian people . 
  * * the countries which speak french or another language normally speak french with english because english is the lingua franca of today . 
  * * the canadians are not special in this regard *, 
  i know that feeling bro ... 
  almost half of my entire comment karma is made in this subreddit . 
  speak of the devil ... and he shall appear . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ merci ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ beacuoup, 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  i 've never known this happen before . 
  what 's wrong with shaking hands ? 
  it 's just parents being overly cautious and thinking that the world needs to be safer and covered in bubble rap for their special little snowflakes . 
  i mean , that is a core demographic of the conservatives , who introduced the legislation for this . 
  but anyway , if they want to introduce that on those grounds i really do n't care because it has no effect on me . 
  he 's not saying `` ban porn because think of the children . '', 
  cameron gets to win points with his core demographic and my life is n't effected and so he does n't need to go for other , more crazy policies , to try and win them over . 
  it 's a win-win if you ask me . 
   pedantic is it really ? 
  just seems like people writing in a way which they feel comfortable to me . 
  arguing over whether or not it is appropriate to write in such a way , now that 's pedantic . 
   annoying that 's pretty subjective . 
  i quite like it . 
  gives me a chance to understand slightly more what people are saying , as they may be able to articulate themselves slightly better in a different common language than in the current lingua franca . 
  it 's not like french is some sort of screaming child , jumping up and down for my attention . 
  if french could become a screaming child , now that would be impressive . 
   posts confusing as fuck does it ? 
  seems pretty easy just to look passed it .
