  i 'd be quite surprised if 50.1 % of the population could n't overwhelm the rest . 
  it might not be completely ideologically muslim , but most of it definitely is . 
  well , yeah kind of but i do n't think this is exactly about legality . 
  i would say that the final point and the second one are potentially the most important . 
  legality is n't so important here . 
  the eu could just change its legislation . 
  however , whether the eu is willing to change its legislation or bend it to make turkey fit is what matters . 
  are they going to bend it if they do n't think turkey could work in the eu because it 's a terrible democracy and the cultures do n't mesh ? 
  i think not . 
  i guess what i was trying to point out , is that if you 've not actually tested it out personally how difficult these things are , you wont know how difficult they are . 
  i could share you my anecdotes of self teaching german . 
  i 'd been self teaching for about a year . 
  i did not put much effort in , i simply googled as i was interested and did exercises when i found them entertaining . 
  which was only sometimes . 
  maybe i did a bit of work every week , like an hour or two at the absolute most . 
  i was at sixth form as it was coming up to 6 or 9 months since i started . 
  i wanted to be assessed because i had no idea how good i was . 
  i 'd guess , maybe a d at gcse . 
  it turned out i was good enough to start a-level work , if i wanted which is what i 'm going on to do . 
  i can get a point across to my german speaking online friends if i want to , stuff like that . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say with that little story , is that things are n't necessarily as hard as you expect them to be . 
  we 're evil ? 
  completely unsurprising . 
  we 're good at it ? 
  *** break out the party poppers and champaign !, 
  it 's like thatcher 's funeral all over again !, 
  just because the benefit is n't immediately apparent to some guy or girl sitting at home at his/her computer , watching a one minute video posted to facebook does n't mean there is no benefit . 
  i do n't see the benefit , but i 'm also just some guy sat at home on his computer , watching some video some one posted to facebook . 
  i 'm not exactly a well informed individual . 
  these are some of the various arguments i 've heard people making for why turkey ca n't join . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with any of them . 
  * failure to implement a bunch of the eu chapters * the government in turkey being kind of crappy in terms of democracy and respect for human rights and stuff ( turkey 's not so bad on this as some other places , though things like the denial of the armenian genocide could be put under this branch ) * occupation of cyprus/not recognising an eu member state * being mostly not in europe * cultural differences in the population of turkey i 'm sure i 'm forgetting some, 
  has to join * eventually * . 
  i 'd rather have a hole in the map than a country which does n't belong * yet * . 
  albania will get there , but let 's not do things before the time is right . 
  have you actually tried searching for jobs or residence in germany/austria/switzerland ? 
  * start reading * hmm , things are going better in italy than last sunday . 
  i mean not many people are reported dead . 
  * gets halfway through * nahh , good ol' italy . 
   worst : ( most of ) the people . 
   is it still the term ` uk ' if scotland goes for independence the uk will almost certainly retain its name . 
  nothing about the uk itself will change apart from that its sovereign territory will become dramatically smaller . 
  all uk laws will remain the same and the uk 's membership to new clubs will remain the same . 
  it 's just that a chunk of the uk will then be missing . 
  scotland on the other hand would have to start from scratch . 
  it would have a nice big land area and a nice big population , but no membership of international clubs and little preexisting legislation . 
  that stuff will all have to be made in the coming years , should scotland go independent . 
  i seriously recommend living on the continent for a while . 
  legally , it 's just as east as moving around the uk thanks to all that eu legislation that every one hates . 
  linguistically and logistically it is a little harder , but it 's not actually that hard . 
  put it this way , before i was 14 i had never ever broken a bone . 
  i could not imagine breaking a bone . 
  to me , it seemed like the most immeasurably painful think possible , because i had heard it was very painful and knew i had never done anything that painful . 
  i was scared of it happening ( not terrified , but you know ) and so on . 
  then , i was playing football and suddenly my wrist was broken . 
  ok , it was pretty bad and i was in a lot of pain , but then i went to the doctor 's and got a splint . 
  it was quite painful for a few weeks and then i was fixed . 
  and i ca n't for the life of me remember why i was so worried . 
  i mean , i 'm in no hurry to break my arm again , but i know that i could get by quite easily if it happened . 
  i 'm also much more ok with the idea of more intense painful experiences because i know i can manage . 
  moving to an eu country is quite similar . 
  before you go , it 's terrifying . 
  it 's literally unimaginable . 
  but then , if you have that ounce of determination , you go and you struggle and you get by and it is fantastic . 
  you open your world and you set your standards higher . 
  all of a sudden you can look at yourself and say `` i did something '' . 
  i just moved to somewhere with a different language and a different culture that i did not know and then i thrived . 
  you 'll have a group of friends you would never be able to have before hand and you might even speak a bit of a second language . 
  whether you decide to move back to england or stay on the continent , that will look very good to an employer and just be a great experience . 
   there are no reports of injuries but it is not yet clear if any museum artefacts have been damaged or destroyed . 
  ***  21 june 2013 last updated at 05:53 is there any update on the state of the castle and its contents ? 
  that was my thinking . 
  he ( allegedly ) did n't make any money from it because he 's too poor , which is surprising given he was a city banker * and * notable politician . 
  however , this does paint the picture that he definitely thought about using one and thought about using one so much that justified making one . 
  even if it was for his children 's education ( as he claims in the article , and i 'm not fully certain i believe him ) he would still have been trying to avoid paying his fair share of tax . 
  if you set up a trust fund for your children , you 're still being a tax avoider . 
  at least given how farage was intending to use it . 
  oh darn , you made the ` news this week ' post just a few minutes before i did . 
  now i have to delete mine !, 
  :p news : turns out britain is even better than america at spying on its own people and the world . 
  this was met by a flurry of pleasure over in / r/unitedkingdom that we 're still the best at something despite being a meagre island on the atlantic coast with a small population and an inability to run anything effectively , apart from spying operations , it seems . 
  i feel as though the picture on the german language article is not doing germkn\u00f6del [ justice ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/maria_alm_2010-02-16_0685.jpg ), 
  [ this beaut ' ] ( http://andyskitchen.co.uk/blogs////media/blogs/a/fish-and-chips-platter1.jpg?mtime=1339430961 ) brb , just suddenly got the urge to buy something . 
  on the upside , no country listed here has less than 30 % with internet access . 
  ok , we might consider that pretty crappy , but thirty percent is still a large number of the population . 
  silver lining you know ? 
  i mean , it could be a lost worse . 
  or deliberately remove a few of the larger trees ? 
  trust busting under american presidents theodore roosevelt and william taft surely prevented a lot of problems for the us from ever occurring . 
  i would n't be surprised if most of the cars had bullet proofing that thick, 
  you could probably send a freedom of information request to the appropriate german department . 
  or what ever their equivalent to fi is . 
  vips do that sometimes . 
  i would n't be particularly surprised if obama was not in the big car with the flags in the middle . 
  i mean , if you 're going to go through all that trouble with the motorcade , you might as well make it a million times harder for the terrorists and send out a decoy . 
  i would be skeptical of using the word `` millions '' . 
  it was probably expensive and potentially in the hundreds of thousands ( if you 're using euros or dollars ) , but i think millions might be going a bit far . 
   the dutch coalition government says the time of `` ever closer union '' ** in all eu policy ** areas is over . 
  so there 's still considerable scope to increase the `` ever closer union '' stuff with other areas ? 
  like aerospace , defence and foreign policy ?
