  for evidence , just look at the european parliament . 
  it has a whole range of different parties in there of varying sizes . 
  how many parties are there in the british parliament ? 
  two main ones , one medium one and a bunch of tiny ones ( greens , scottish national party , pleid cumry , ect ) . 
  additionally look at america 's congress . 
  they have almost no independents or third partyers . 
  ** tl : dr ** ; it 's the electoral * system * not the head of government being directly elected which leads to a two party state . 
  for evidence , at britain which does n't directly elected its head of government and has a bad case of two-party-state syndrome . 
  britain uses fptp , just like america and most of the commonwealth of nations . 
  continental europe and the european parliament tend to use * better * ( ie , proportional representation ) systems for their elections and as a result they have a whole variety of parties in their legislatures ( parliaments , congresses ) and nearly always form coalitions . 
  it 's not as democratically legitimate as i would like , however it 's only about one step behind . 
  what we should do is get rid of schengen because it 's stopping us from being able to move freely !, 
  why has n't there been an initiative like this before ? 
  yeah , this is kind of stupid now that i 've actually looked into the links . 
  they both cite * the same * source just at different times . 
  do you think , if an unsourced infograph gets highly upvoated , that instead of deleting it or just ignoring it you could post in the thread with a moderator hat on and remind people that it technically should be removed but wont because of the discussion that 's attached . 
  just to remind people not to go on making unsourced material and to make people in the thread away the info probably is n't reliable . 
  that 's good to know ; i 'll keep it in mind in future . 
  thanks !, 
  what did the comment say ? 
  i reckon if she 's going to actually go for treaty change , which seems highly possible , then i think she has a plan . 
  treaty change will require referendums in various countries but most of the countries likely to be opposed are ones who kind of depend on germany at the moment . 
  it 's no secret that germany is basically the backbone keeping the euro together . 
  virtually everyone apart from arguably the uk really wants the eu to stay together but they do n't necessarily want it to get stronger . 
  however , if merkel rephrases the question to something more along the lines of `` either you accept that the eu will have more powers , or else germany will stop propping up the eu '' then she 'll probably have a good chance of getting her way . 
  whether merkel would actually take action to ensure that the rest of europe complies could become a huge game of chicken , but it 's a game of chicken she 'd probably win . 
  additionally , i think most eurozone countries probably accept that the euro can not work in its current form , as another article on the front page of / r/europe currently argues . 
  so most ez states and their electorates would probably acknowledge the necessity of merkel 's plan . 
  so kind of like the ~ ~ third platform ~ ~ * fourth plinth * in trafalgar square , london . 
  there 's one platform at every corner of trafalgar square and three of them have lions on them ( or something ) and the final one has an ever changing art exhibit . 
  or at least that 's the broad picture . 
  i do n't live that close to london, 
  people need to start adding sources for their info-graphics . 
  you forgot safari : government in exile/insurgents, 
  how about a one-hundred-and-fiftyith ( 150th ) of an mep ? 
  that 's roughly normal representation given their population, 
  just for reference , scotland has 6 meps and a population of 5,300,000 . 
  so that 's 883,000 people per mep or almost 150 times as many people per mep in scotland than a hypothetical san marino mep, 
  i 'm not sure i want san marino in the eu . 
  coming to decisions is hard enough without giving a place that small a veto over certain areas of eu law . 
  i read that as cheese turds and thought you were being very mean to canada for a minute, 
  i doubt he was monolingual when he moved to the us . 
  german language education is pretty decent and usually ends up with a pretty good grounding in english . 
  also keep in mind , arnold might have been very old when he moved to the us , but that was a long time ago . 
  we often forget how old arnie is . 
  it 's not actually that uncommon . 
  i have a friend who moved from ukraine to germany when she was about six . 
  by the age of 16 she could n't speak ukrainian at all . 
  personally i do n't value culture very much . 
  i value people more than some abstract notion of lots of people together somehow being more than the equal some of their parts . 
  for me that does n't hold water . 
  please stop appealing to emotion and avoiding explaining why you believe such things . 
  why do you believe that passively removing a culture is a bad thing ? 
  culture 's are n't inherently good . 
  if a culture is hurting the people who live in it , then would n't it be better to remove that culture and allow people to pick a different one ? 
  on the bad side , it kind of perpetuates stereotypes ( sort of ) but on the up side it means less people are a member of this society which advocates stealing isolationism and thievery . 
  i see that as a net positive . 
  genocide is bad whether or not hitler did it . 
  treating other living creatures is a good thing to do , whether or not anyone else thinks it 's a good thing . 
  evaluate things on their own merits , not on whether or not someone else you 've heard of had an opinion on it . 
  i 'm not proposing that we kill roma people . 
  i 'm not even proposing locking them up . 
  i 'm proposing that if they ca n't make good parents then they should n't be parents at all . 
  is that really so controversial ? 
  hitler ate vegetables because he did n't like hurting animals , ergo i 'm a bad person because i do n't like hurting animals and hitler did n't like hurting animals so we should all hurt animals . 
  godwin 's law is a load of bullshit . 
  but then this becomes a huge question of equality of opportunity which eventually ends in the conclusion that you can never have perfectly equal opportunity and therefor you have to agree on what the minimum level of opportunity is . 
  so what level of opportunity do you think is enough ? 
  you know , the reason godwin 's law is seen as a negative thing is because godwin 's law is a copout . 
  literally , your main criticism of why this is bad is because `` hitler did it '' . 
  hitler was also a vegetarian . 
  hitler also walked on two legs . 
  you 're not gon na propose that we have an all meat diet or start using wheelchairs . 
  taking children from their parents is not something which is so evil that it literally trumps all other rights . 
  i think that keeping families together is very important , and that includes roma families . 
  what i am saying is that there are times where other rights become more important . 
  you know , like a right to an education or a right to freedom . 
  do n't just copout and call this suggestion stupid for even being suggested . 
  tell me why it is wrong . 
  do n't just say hitler did it . 
  come on , do you think that a child should be kept with its family if its family is not giving it an education , forcing it to marry at a a ridiculously young age and disallowing them from participating in wider society . 
  that 's denying them a right to choose their husband/wife , that 's denying them part of their child hood by making them marry so young , that 's denying them their right to education , that 's denying their right to freedom . 
  do n't copout and say that it 's stupid to suggest that kids should n't be brought up in this kind of a situation . 
  difficult situations call for difficult solutions . 
  families get separated for far less than this . 
  having children is n't a right . 
  it 's a decision you have to think about and once you make that decision you have to commit and you have to do it properly . 
  if you do not raise your child and give him/her proper chances then you do not deserve to be a parent and you do not deserve to keep your child . 
  that child 's right to an education , to freedom and so on outweighs anyone 's right to look after that child . 
  are you still just gon na go godwin 's law on me ? 
  or can you actually come up with something better . 
  i think if they are being pulled from school before they are 16 without good reason * and * they are not getting a good education at home , then the parents should be deemed unfit . 
  failing to give your children a proper education is evidence that you should n't be a parent . 
  being raised to `` fear '' the outside world is too difficult to define . 
  however , it could fall under the bracket of `` being given a bad education '' . 
  it 's mostly a quality of life question . 
  the two biggest components of that are ensuring that a child grows up to be a criminal and getting an education . 
  the child needs a good quality of life and that encompasses a lot of things . 
  sorry for the kind of spurious answer . 
  personally i have more faith in a census than a nation 's collective opinion .
