  it 's also an essential step in ensuring that humanity is ready for a post-scarcity age , when machines have taken all the remaining employment . 
  if any one else was wondering , as i was , the date of this was 1991 . 
  most european countries are already most of the way towards a universal and unconditional minimum wage . 
  i 'm not sure exactly where switzerland sits but i know that in britain you can receive welfare for simply being unemployed , which kind of sounds like a universal minimum wage . 
  it 's just that it 's not completely unconditional . 
  you have to at least attempt to try and find a job and fill out some paper work . 
  why not just abolish the paper work and give everyone that allowance ? 
  it was also prince charles 's birthday !, 
  that 's not how political independence works . 
  political independence does n't mean that you find a political opinion which is unpopular and support it . 
  it 's not a form of positive discrimination . 
  the bbc is impartial which means that it does not take a view on things . 
  some people are claiming that the bbc is eurosceptic and that 's just not true . 
  people tend to think that the bbc infringes on whatever core beliefs they hold . 
  right wingers tend to think the bbc has a left wing bias whilst left wingers thing the bbc has a right wing bias . 
  pro eu people think the bbc is anti eu and anti eu people think the bbc is pro eu . 
  when both sides think that the bbc is biased in the opposite direction , that means it 's doing its job right . 
  i do n't think i mentioned the guardian or edward snowden . 
   the bbc is one of the greatest news sources in the world and probably has the best informational programming , documentaries etc. 
  but when covering the eu it is blatantly biased against the eu . 
  no it is n't . 
  there 's almost no area in which the bbc has a bias of any note . 
  it may lean one way or another at certain times but it 's usually a minute difference . 
  as someone who regularly reads bbc news online and is pro eu i 've never noticed any not worthy bias about it from them . 
  the only area which the bbc covers disproportionately is the royals . 
  they love them . 
  i 've never noticed anything out of the ordinary about the bbc . 
  they just report and they keep it brief . 
  people keep saying `` oh the bbc is * so * left wing '' and then a different set of people will then say `` oh but the bbc is *** so *** right wing '' . 
  no it is n't . 
  finding not worthy bias in the bbc is like trying to find a needle in a hay stack . 
  if you 're going to dub over someone , why do you insist on letting us continue hearing their voice ? 
  all their voice is is a distraction . 
  i ca n't focus on both and you 've made the dub so loud that there 's no way in hell a french speaker could make out what he 's saying over the english dub . 
  so just cut off what he 's saying completely and make it easier on everybody 's ears . 
  could you provide some information on roma integration in spain ? 
  perhaps something anecdotal like a couple of news headlines or or statistics from an ngo or government agency ? 
  if something good is going on in spain in this area i and a lot of others would really love to hear about it , 
  but of course !, 
  it 's one of those things . 
  the germans make good cars , the french good pasty and the dutch photolithograte semiconductory systems very good . 
  the police in britain are just very friendly and the public has a good relationship with them . 
  it 's a cyclical thing . 
  the public treat the police with huge amounts of respect and because of this the police treat the public in a similar way which causes more people to behave in that way towards the police ; round and round it goes . 
  however there are a few factors which help maintain this situation , one of which is that the uk is one of only three countries which does n't arm its police officers as standard . 
  the other two are new zealand and ireland . 
  this is probably the biggest factor . 
  armed police leads to intimidation which leads to defensiveness , then anger and then aggression . 
  additionally there 's a very nice quality in that most of the police you will encounter are just fairly ordinary members of the public . 
  being a police officer is seen as a good profession and attracts good people to do the job . 
  they can empathise with you and you can empathise with them . 
  makes for good dialog . 
  even if you 're a tourist they 'll probably empathise with you as a tourist rather than treat you like a sausage . 
  we 're still waiting on a member of the holy sea , someone from andorra as well as some other places iirc :p, 
  i think there 's a possibility they might gain seats . 
  there was a list i saw which was made in 2012 stated all of their achievements . 
  i do n't remember it or its location but i remember being impressed with how many of their elections promises they did keep and how effectively and silently they 've been achieving them . 
  so i hypothasise that when the election comes around they 'll show off all they have silently achieved and people will be impressed and think that they are a competent governing party as opposed to what they were prior to 2010 which was an ideologically driven but probably effectively inept party . 
  i 'm waiting for the campaigning season . 
  that 's when we 'll see what the liberal democrats do and that 's when we see where ed miliband is taking his party . 
  there 's definitely an argument that the lib dems are left of labour , however you have to be slightly selective with your data if you are to come to that conclusion . 
  whatever happens to the lib dems after the 2015 election will probably surprise everyone , because nobody has any real idea what will happen . 
  personally i think they have a genuine chance of remaining the king maker and being in coalition again with the conservatives or labour * after * they start making their case during the campaigning season . 
  you might find it interesting to know that the uk has eleven different political parties represented in the main house of parliament , plus five independents . 
  however , not including the main three parties ( labour , conservatives/tories , liberal democrats ) they only have 33 seats out of 650 . 
  and even then the conservatives have 304 whilst labour have 257 . 
  those two together make up 561 out of 650 seats ( not including speakers ) . 
  it 's very much dominated by the two big parties . 
  even though a lot of smaller parties are present , they have very little power . 
  the best analogy i 've ever heard for the uk 's current situation is that it is a `` two and a half party system '' . 
  it has two major parties which hold the real party , and there 's one party in the middle which is n't comparable to the others but can potentially be a king maker . 
  say the tories ( uk 's more right wing party ) get 40 % of the seats in parliament , labour ( the uk 's more left wing party ) gets 40 % of the seats and the liberal democrats ( the uk 's resident kind-of-in-the-middle party ) get 20 % . 
  non of the parties can form a government on their own , and labour and the tories are too different to form a coalition but the liberals are centrist enough to be able to form a government with either party . 
  this allows them to choose who they give their support to and effectively decide who the government is . 
  but they have absolutely no chance of being able to govern alone . 
  and if the parties are unable to come to a coalition agreement like the lib dems and tories did in 2010 , then one of the big two parties might have to form a minority government and govern without a majority of the seats . 
  it 's not quite a multi party system or even quite a three party system . 
  it 's a two and a half party system . 
  two full sized political parties , and an extra half party . 
  i think you 're thinking of communitarianism or conservatism rather than nationalism . 
  in my experience there 's not necessary link between nationalist parties and conservatism or communitarianism . 
  i 've seen people on here make mistakes in their english before , but usually i do n't correct them as a matter of being polite . 
  nit picking people 's english when it 's not their first language can be quite insulting , even if one does it with the best intentions . 
  i 'm sure if they wanted people to correct them they 'd ask or make it clear in someway . 
  do n't just correct people 's english for them . 
  it 's almost as bad as grammar nazis , those `` i think you 'll find it 's ` you 're ' '' . 
  nationalist movements generally have their origin in the opposition to something , usually outside influences such as immigration foreign powers such as the ussr from the usa 's perspective or visa versa . 
  this usually leads to a kind of exceptionalism as well but seeing as nationalism in a lot of european countries is in opposition to the eu , however in this case it does n't lead to exceptionalism in quite the same way because in outside influence ( the eu ) is also affecting other places which makes you sympathise with them because their share your opposition . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  it humanises them . 
  so the eu is the outside power rather then the whole outside world in general . 
  the interesting thing about nationalist or anti-europe movements is that they are actually helping to make their countries feel more generally european because it humanises the rest of europe which will in turn make people hugely popular with european integration and therefor the european union as well . 
  eurosceptic parties are probably one of the greatest forces for making identify as `` european '' . 
  it 's one of the things moving europe onto the next stage of integration , by making different european countries having touch stones , share cultural anchors together . 
  i thought the uk lost its aaa grade ? 
  or was that a different ratings agency ? 
  i think the problem is that there 's no real other way to illustrate the ni situation . 
  even showing ni as separate would be disingenuous . 
  anybody else having problems getting it to work ? 
  all i get is a white page with `` micela '' in the top left corner : / i use a mac of that 's of interest .
