  it 's a nice limbo to be in i reckon . 
   i visited quebec for a week , montreal was a lovely city and the people were indeed very friendly ( those french-canadian girls were n't bad to look at either ) they really are are n't they !, 
  i have a few of them still friended from my * heavy * online gaming days and i keep feeling vaguely jealous that they 're not here . 
  i always feared i 'd let the fact they doted on my accent skew my judgement so i 'm glad to see it is n't just me . 
  i really have nothing to bad to say about canada and only good or great of canadians based on my limited experience and knowledge . 
   i went to bavaria ( munich mainly ) on a university trip . 
  we also spent a few days in austria and a few days in switzerland . 
  we spent about two hours in liechtenstein as well . 
  i am a tad jealous on that front now ... 
  i live on an island just off of the continent and you seem to have spent more time there than me :p however , i know i 'll go again also . 
  even before i went on holiday to the netherlands i 've wanted to teach english abroad ( as a foreign language ) at some point in the future , specifically in germany . 
  edit : ps , why the fuck are people downvoting us for having a conversation about canada ? 
  literally every post in this conversation has two downvotes . 
  having a vendetta against us for being anti war is n't exactly polite . 
   do n't have insurance that 's a scary thought . 
  i would n't blame you if you changed citizenship . 
  in terms of things that scare me about american it 's some thing like 1 #gun violence , 2 # police with gun violence , 3 # the health care system . 
  i 'm probably naive and basing that stuff on myths , but they 're all still scary . 
  i 'm determined to go to canada before i die . 
  the accent has to be my favourite and from the canadians i have met ( internet ) they 're the most polite people * ever * , and apparently the british are supposed to be quite good at that . 
  out of interest , which bit ( s ) of europe was it you went to ? 
  i do n't blame you . 
  if i was american i 'd have moved to canada by now . 
  so long as you join in on your friends ' side when they start arguing about who 's country is best ( say if you have a dutch friend and he meets a belgian ... the sparks will fly ) you 'll fit in just fine . 
  no need to worry about europe accepting you . 
  do keep your us citizenship though , we need some one to send their votes back home for the non extremist candidate . 
  we 'd love you for that even more . 
  but that will mean you miss out germany 's free health care ... 
  well that was , um , interesting ... and it has to be said rather simplistic and inconclusive , but still interesting , i guess . 
  what is the point of it exactly ? 
  i hope you know that 's going to be on the internet forever . 
  it is pretty hilarious to see some one actually write that though :p, 
  glad to here your kind of american does exist . 
  reading through here i 'd started to lose hope . 
   and nobody to comment here i think it 's a bit to do with the article being a little bit dense and nothing really controversial being in it . 
  any big esa geek will already know most of this stuff , and there 's not even any of it is * that * exciting . 
  sure it 's important and it 's still * space * , but it 's not like they 're shooting for the moon or anything out of the ordinary . 
  so there 's just not a lot to say , however , americans telling us that we need to spend more on our armed forces just gets under every one 's skin right from the get go and immediately people want to state their views and argue to the death . 
  `` on more serious note '' nuking scandinavia is already pretty serious business . 
  maybe take on the french afterwords . 
  given that the uk did 2/3s as many sorties with a quarter of the personnel , i think it shows that the usa was just kind of putting a load of people on stand by which did n't need to be there and were unnecessary . 
  hell , if you have an army of 1,500,000 then you might as well send an extra few thousand soldiers . 
  definitely should n't be the example of how to run an armed forces effectively ( efficiently ) . 
  * claps * that 's right !, 
  you show the yank !, 
   they 're your neighbors . 
  instability there leads to refugee crises and other problems . 
  so we should make sure we have the option of * invading them * to make sure we do n't get nasty refugees stinking our streets or have to deal with oil prices going up . 
   but as a consequence , europe wo n't have america 's support like it did during the cold war and today , so they need to start carrying their own weight and stop relying on the french and british to do everything when it comes to security and power projection . 
  i seriously fear you 're * humanising countries * . 
  countries are not people . 
  they do n't get jealous . 
  they do n't not support people because they do n't like the look of them or do support them because they have a crush . 
  they do what they do out of benefit to themselves . 
  they act rationally . 
  edit : i see you , silently downvoting without giving any explanation why . 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
  you do realise we , in the west , have nato ? 
  * if * america withdrew from nato and europe ( + canada :p ) were forced to defend themselves they would . 
  nato is as close to a unified armed forces as is necessary . 
  it has the likes of france and the united kingdom with their third and fourth largest-in-the-world military budgets to defend our european neighbours with . 
  not to mention we still maintain nuclear deterrents independent of the us . 
  if the us withdrew its soldiers in europe and refused to assist us , we would be fine . 
  if europe was then invaded ( which it would n't be , but * if * ) [ all nato partners ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato ) , with a combined force of 1 100 000 ( one million one hundred thousand ) soldiers , would mobilise to protect which ever state happens to be in peril and try to repel the attackers until they are unable to retaliate . 
  this is without mentioning that european nations are incredably advanced and are massively , if not overly well equipped . 
  they have more better kit per head than an american per head due to the size of each european army compared to the number of troops . 
  basically , what would happen if the us stopped being the global police , which would include not helping europe , would be that europe would get by defending itself and being a bastion of stability in the region . 
  it would not try and fill american 's shoes and be the global police because we do not have the will to , or desire to . 
  we do not want to bend the world to our whim using military means and instead rely on soft power for global persuasion ( the eu on the whole is a larger economy than the us after all ) . 
  us europeans are n't big fans of violence . 
  we 'll have large enough forces to protect ourselves but do n't really desire more . 
  every single eu nation must not have the death penalty as a matter of principle . 
  having that penalty alone is enough to deny entry into the eu because we 're so intensely against such acts . 
  you see , there 's a fundamental difference between europeans and americans . 
  it hinges on how we project our selves around the world and how we like to treat people and how we would go about securing a better world . 
  our methods may not be terribly effect , perhaps not as effect as us ones , but they 're effective enough . 
  hopefully you can sympathise/empathise with our views a little . 
  interesting how many american flags i see claiming that america is doing the right thing on almost all military accounts . 
  yet every single other kind of flag is advocating a much more different view . 
  perhaps this shows that europeans like ourselves really do n't want to be the paramilitary police of the world like the us is . 
  perhaps pro-americans just ca n't empathise with the fact europeans do n't want gigantic armies that use the gdp of small and medium sized countries . 
  just because we used us help , does n't mean we 're dependant on it . 
  there were many alternatives to using the us planes for mid air refuelling , but that 's what was used because the option as available and the most practical . 
  if that option had not been there , then the next best option would have been used , of which there were numerous . 
  just because we use us help , does n't mean we need it . 
  the us has european help in iraq and afghanistan , maybe the us should stop depending on us and be increase its military expenditures so it can protect its sovereignty on its own . 
  [ it also has some of the highest military spending as a percent of gdp for a large economy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ), 
   if we do n't start soon in investing in those capabilities then the gap between the us and the rest is going to grow . 
  well stop fucking spending 5 % of gdp on weapons and then the divide wont be so huge . 
  you do n't need an army paid for with 5 % of gdp . 
  the usa should not be the role model here . 
  ( [ as an example , the countries at the low end of the top fifteen spenders make much better role models ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) ), 
   `` irst and foremost , the yugoslav wars '' `` unwilling and unable to do anything about it . 
  it took the usa to step in from the other side of the planet . '', 
  i think you 're also being very narrow minded on the yugoslav wars and the libyan war . 
  european powers did not help , not because they could n't but because they did n't want to . 
  i 'm not saying there was one single reason , but i am saying that politics and political will played a much , much larger factor , possibly the biggest factor , in european late involvement in that war . 
  i say late involvement because they did get involved under a nato banner , however under a nato banner the us always provides ten times more troops than every one else . 
  however , not in libya . 
   `` more recently , libya '' '' . we did n't have the resources to do even this without the help of the americans . '',
