  the only non eu country with a significant german population is america , with 130,000 germans . 
  what i 'm trying to say , is that from a european perspective , it 's not really emigration . 
  it 's just internal movement of people , which is great, 
  if we wanted things that appealed internationally , then we 'd just read our ordinary newspapers, 
  maybe we could incorporate a rule limiting the number of stories people can mention per comment to about five ( or some other number ) . 
  it would make it more like a top five list than a comprehensive list . 
  that said , i would feel incredibly said if we deterred any of the regular users who write those ultra long and well thought out pieces away . 
  seriously , i am amazed with those people and think they deserve to be recognised and given their own platform of some sort . 
  hmm . 
  ( i 'm somewhat thinking out loud here ) maybe we could have a two thread solution . 
  one mod endorsed ( and likely mod curated ) thread/post with the super long and in depth submissions , and another light hearted top five thread, 
  i 'm the mod who usually deals with these sorts of regular community events . 
  i do n't think the sticky has much , if anything , to do with the popularity of the thread . 
  i think it 's just that we 've been doing it for as long as i can remember ( over a year ? 
  more ? ), 
  and people naturally get a little disengaged . 
  i mean , we 've still got 10 or so people who write regularly , but those guys really should be getting paid for the quality and amount of work they do ( kick starter anybody ? ) . 
  that 's my view on the matter , but obviously i 'm the servant of the community and want to hear what everybody things . 
  heck , it 's fascinating just hearing what people like/dislike about it , even if you have no particular grand view of it, 
   like the anglophiles who move to england . 
  wot ya tryin ' say pal ? 
  ill shank ya mam if you 's is lukin ah ' us lyke ` at again !, 
  ya ' filthy skank . 
  nah let m ' ` ave m ' f ` sh n ' chips b ` fur i lamp ya . 
  btw : as a british person , i 'd be fine with that . 
  we already have euro battle groups which are kind of like that, 
  as far as i 'm concerned , if the picture can be faked ( and this picture consists of two guys standing around with some props , so can easily be faked ) then we have to treat it as unreliable and remove it . 
  if we ca n't prove that it 's real , then it 's not good enough . 
  even if we 're sure that the picture itself is n't staged , we even have to insure that any assertions made by this title are correct ( for instance , there was a picture yesterday or tanks in red square , but we could n't verify that they were there currently , which is what the title claimed ) . 
  thanks . 
  next time i want to be reminded what an american perspective would be on something which only involves european countries , and be provided with information which is at best only tangentially related , i 'll be sure to go to almost anywhere else in the internet . 
  but as it stands at the moment , i do n't really care what american taxpayers ' concerns are , seeing as i am reading about something which really does n't concern america anymore than it concerns anybody else in the world . 
  it 's not exactly like i get an american perspective on everything every time i read any news article anywhere . 
  please report content like this when you suspect that it is not reputable . 
  i have removed it now , but there 's probably hundreds of people who 've seen and believed this ( probably ) misinformation which we could have filtered out earlier . 
  please report content like this when you suspect that it is not reputable . 
  i have removed it now , but there 's probably hundreds of people who 've seen and believed this ( probably ) misinformation which we could have filtered out earlier . 
  please report content like this when you suspect that it is not reputable . 
  i have removed it now , but there 's probably hundreds of people who 've seen and believed this ( probably ) misinformation which we could have filtered out earlier . 
  mod here , this submission has been removed for lacking any sort of credible source . 
  it may not have been your intention , but it would certainly have been a result and therefore we do not want it here . 
  i 'm sure there is content of historical ( and maybe even musical ) value here , but these would be better discussed at / r/history ( or / r/musicvideos ) than here . 
  this has been removed for rule one . 
  please keep in mind there are large differences between the physical and online verses of the guardian . 
  the printed version does not suffer from these problems a anywhere near as much, 
  the eu is in the long drawn out process of uniting . 
  it 's a bit like the holy roman empire period of german history before the unification of germany into a single state in the north german confederation . 
  in the holy roman empire period germany was still a major player in european affairs along with the other major powers ( france , spain , the papacy , etc ) . 
  eventually the squabbling states were united and practically dominated mainland europe . 
  the only difference now is that the entirety of europe is now what germany was in the 16th century . 
  a land of states with common goals but only a semi-unified government . 
  these small states are collectively taken as seriously as the other major unified states ( in the past it was france and spain , but now it 's the usa , china and russia ) . 
  we 've already got to the point where the eu is taking collective action ( e.g. 
  by all agreeing to sanction russia and dial up the sections together , and embargoes during the break up of yugoslavia ) on foreign policy matters . 
  it is nowhere near as effective as it could be , but it does get some results ( there was relatively peaceful regime change in ukraine , slovenia and croatia broke away from yugoslavia relatively nonviolently , russia 's advance into ukraine has been limited , etc ) but the eu continues to deepen ( the creation of a ` foreign minister ' role happened just a few years ago ) and germany continues to be the leading player in this ever closer union . 
  germany does n't have the resources ( population , economy , land area , etc ) to become a superpower by themselves , but they have the power to be the leader of a new superpower in the shape of the european union . 
   the guardian is by far the best uk media . 
  british broadcasting corporation , anybody ? 
  the bbc ? 
  there is a reason we do n't allow twitter posts . 
  they are not reputable or reliable . 
  this submission has been removed . 
  if you can find a reputable source ( i.e. 
  not twitter ) then i will accept that . 
  this submission has been removed until sourced is provided that the tanks in this picture are as described in the submission title ( that they are a ) in red square , moscow , and b ) they 're there currently ) misinformation is flying around like crazy and / r/europe will not become a vector for it, 
  ah , i remember when i was there i used to look how far away the next corner was to tell me which ` ring ' of the city i was in . 
  it 's so exceptionally planned, 
  this post has been removed . 
  it 's very low quality and celebrating the death of another human being is not something we want here, 
  portuguese government basically did everything the other austerity countries did , but was one of the more extreme examples . 
  cuts to public services , state benefits rolled back , cuts to infrastructure and employment laws were loosened, 
   solidarity surcharge will be gradually removed starting 2020 after months of discussion the sister parties cdu and csu agreed on removing the solidarity surcharge - also known as soli . 
  the surcharge that was meant to rebuilt eastern germany after the reunification will be gradually reduced until it is completely removed . 
  alternative suggestions planed to use the surcharge to help any structurally weak region of germany after the end of the programm to build up eastern germany . 
  spon ; en-translated is it just the cdu/csu that are proposing this at the minute ? 
  have any other parties endorsed it ? 
  is it likely to be put into practice ? 
  just fyi ( in case you did n't read my other comment an hour earlier ) : the submission is reallowed . 
  but please post the source in future before we have to remove it . 
  putin does n't actually speak english . 
  he learned these words specifically , kind of like singers do . 
  he does speak german though , but otherwise for a national leader his foreign language skills are average at best . 
  thanks , we 've banned the bot now . 
  this has been removed . 
  we do n't allow memes here . 
  ok that 's good enough for me . 
  to anybody else whom this may concern , please post such sources at the same time as you post the submission itself . 
  it 'll stop your submission being temporarily removed and save both of us a lot of bother . 
  this is halfway there . 
  this proves that there * are * american tanks in estonia , but it does n't prove that the tanks in the picture are the tanks in question . 
  i need something that directly links the picture to the news story . 
  this submission has been removed . 
  please provide a ** source ** that this is genuinely an image from estonia and that these tanks are american . 
  this submission has been removed because it has no source, 
  please report things like this if you suspect them of being inaccurate . 
  i might have removed it hours sooner if you had . 
  please report things like this if you suspect them of being inaccurate . 
  i might have removed it hours sooner if you had . 
  congress ' reputation on foreign policy is a bit lacking at the moment . 
  first they invite netanyahu to give a speech without even consulting the white house ( making netanyahu the equal first place in terms of the number of addresses given to congress , equal with winston churchill ) .
