  eventually the government would have little/no incentive to operate an effective embassy service or to protect its citizens abroad . 
  obviously there 's some caveats to that , but i think it 's important that you always have the right to influence * someone *, 
  they erected the statue to celebrate their history . 
  he is a great man to serbians regardless of what you think . 
  it 's easy to blame someone . 
  it 's much harder to give them . 
  you 're never going to be perfect . 
  you could split hairs until the end of time . 
  what you 've got to do is say that , eventually , some things do n't matter anymore and it does n't matter what other people do about them . 
  so long as what they * do * today is good enough . 
  actions speaking louder than statues, 
  you can always blame someone else . 
  it 's much harder to forgive someone else . 
   nothing petty in knowing history . 
  there is a problem when you refuse to settle down and come to a compromise with people in the 21st century because of something that happened at the beginning of the 20th . 
  just gon na write a brief point  as for the second string of comparisons , neither bismark nor napoleon are terrorist they 're not terrorists , they 're worse . 
  terrorists operate against a state . 
  napoleon and bismark used the state to create suffering on a much wider scale for equally pointless goals ( national glory ) . 
  the only difference between a dictator and a terrorist is that one of them has the means to take their vision further, 
   franz ferdinand wanted to give further autonomy to the different ethnicities . 
  franz ferdinand was more moderate and accommodating to serbia than some of the other royal family members and politicians of austria-hungary , but he was still seeking a compromise within the structure of austria-hungary . 
  from the perspective of serbia , that 's like saying `` you 're my prisoner . 
  you shall not be free . 
  but i will give you a slightly longer leash . '', 
   should croats erect a statue of paveli\u0107 ? 
  i do n't know who he is so i ca n't comment . 
  at the end of the day these people become icons for a single idea they represent . 
  hitler is associated with the holocaust and wwii whilst napoleon and bismark are associated with increasing the status of their two nations . 
  the problem with prinzip is that serbians and the rest of europe have very different ideas about what prinzip represents . 
  for serbs , it 's the creation of a greater yugoslavia and glory for serbia . 
  for the rest of europe , it 's the assassination of the arch duke . 
  if europe , and the balkans especially , is going to come together one day and stop causing petty squabbles with one another , then we need to overcome our petty differences which are n't founded on anything . 
  the disagreement over prinzipe is a disagreement over notion . 
  if you want to get angry about serbs glorifying people who should n't be glorified , then get angry about mladic , because when serbs support him they support the whole package , and the whole package there is wrong . 
  no , but it 's proving the principle that assassinations are not always a bad thing . 
  if some assassinations are good ( or at the very least grey ) then we ca n't just label prinzip a terrorist , because we acknowledge that it 's more complicated than that . 
  i 'm not saying i like the guy or that ferdinand was hitler , but i am saying that the serbs have every right to erect a statue of him because , from their perspective , he 's not a bad guy . 
   if akp dissolves is there any chance of this happening ? 
  wait , is n't mhp the super racist one ? 
  i though chp was the second largest party . 
  would n't they be the natural coalition partners ? 
  how come ? 
  he assassinated somebody , yep . 
  would you assassinate adolf hitler if you could ? 
  stalin ? 
  franco ? 
  franz-ferdinand was a member of the royal family of an imperialist power which was militarily expanding into the yugoslavia . 
  does that not maybe slightly justify what princip did ? 
  would i have done it ? 
  but can i understand why he did it ? 
  yes . 
  he 's not a maniac and there 's nothing wrong with serbia commemorating someone who is a national hero in their country , who guaranteed the independence of their country . 
  it 's like the french commemorating napoleon or the germans celebrating bismark . 
  all of these people were assholes who did fucked up things ( bismark even lived at the same time as prinzip ) but for some reason we think that princip is just completely wrong , and it 's horrific to think that anybody anywhere is praising him , whilst we celebrate these two dictators in germany and france . 
  this has been removed because of rule 2.5 . and 2.6 . 
  ivashkin 's definitely the one to be worried about . 
  that guy has international mod conspiracy written all over him . 
  i 'm sure he 's got it tattooed on his forehead or something , like all gangs do . 
  yeah , keep an eye on him ( but not me , because i 'm one of the good guys * puts on cat bugler costume * that 's right , keeping looking at ivashkin ) . 
  removed under rules 2.5 . and 2.6 . 
   that quote is suggesting that the mp knows what is in the best interest for their constituents , that 's precisely what it implies . 
  conservatives ( of which burke was one ) believe that individuals are incapable of true rationality and that a ruling class , which has been trained in the task of governing , should make decisions on people 's behalves . 
  they have only a very qualified acceptance of democracy . 
  more modern conservatives would argue that whilst a majority of their constituents may feel a particular way about something ( which is unlikely given that in most constituencies a plurality of people did n't even vote ) that still does n't mean they should follow the people because an mp 's job is to have * well researched * and ideologically justified opinions on this , where as the public likely got their opinions from a relatively subjective and limited campaign advert or conversation with a neighbour or something . 
  or at least that 's what one major branch of conservatism would say . 
  there 's a quote from edmund burk which goes something like ` if you vote for me i i promise not to listen to your wishes , for when you vote for an mp you vote for his own ability to make decisions and evaluate the events of the day ' ( that 's the sense of it , anyway . 
  not an exact quote ) . 
  additionally mps ' responsibilities nornall go in this order : party , nation as a whole , individual conscience , constituents . 
  wilson allowed it but that is virtually the * only time * in british history where breaking collective responsibility has ever been allowed outside of a coalition government . 
  additionally for wilson 's government the eu divide was perhaps the largest divide amongst the cabinet but where as for cameron the eu divide is the spear head for a much deeper division between progressive conservatives ( such as cameron himself ) who support equal marriage and a centre right approach to the economy in the short term and hard right thatcher neoconservatives who want a mixture of libertarianism ( complete free markets ) and neoconservative ( bringing back corporal punishment in schools and capital punishment , as well as obviously abolishing the equal marriage act ) . 
  if cameron lets this slide he 'll be unlikely to ever put the government back together again, 
  merkel has a whole array of emotions , it 's just that we ca n't see them because she only has one expression . 
  because the title is n't editorialised . 
  the entire quote is matches up with the first paragraph exactly . 
  that 's because you 're comparing white british to other ethnic groups , but not to other * religious * groups . 
  not all bangladeshis or pakistanis are muslim , and nor are a majority of muslims pakistani or bangladeshi . 
  first , they take your liberty * then * , they take your * porn *, 
  just because they 're not natives does n't mean they 're not members of the community . 
  i 've yet to meet any migrant who moved for purely economic means or had an exclusively economic impact on the country they inhabited . 
  they always have social needs and they always make social contributions . 
  it 's odd , i 've never been so hopeful for fraud to have happened, 
  i feel as though that 's a * baaad * way to deal with growing inequality between regions . 
  you can either let your country fall apart and divide into separate governmental regions , or you can actively try and stop inequality from happening by redistributing wealth from wealthier areas to poorer areas in order so that all can prosper . 
   brits to understand why federal states exists . 
  i understand why it 's there , but brits definitely are n't a fan of federalism . 
  we have parliamentary sovereignty with various extremely random sub parliaments around the country . 
  london , scotland , wales and northern ireland all have their own regional parliaments , each with a different degree of power , whilst other regions of the uk are controlled directly from parliament . 
  additionally there 's also local councils , which are divided into county councils and metropolitan councils , each operating differently , but at least they have broadly the same powers . 
  however , scotland has a different system of local councils which iirc have varying powers . 
  and this is without even getting into the mess of overseas territories , crown dependencies and the commonwealth realm . 
  the term for most of this is `` asymmetric devolution '' and it 's completely different to federalism ( because federalism is symmetrically ) . 
  they 're are actually more individual french in germany than chinese ( 100,000 french , vs. 60,000 chinese ) . 
  it 's probably just that chinese tend to congregate in universities towns and internationalised cities , where as the french will just spread all over thanks to the free movement of labour laws from the eu . 
  possibly never . 
  inequality tends to reproduce itself . 
  you 'll notice that despite many hundreds of years of wales ' direct incorporation into england there remained extremely obvious social , cultural and economic differences between wales and the rest of the united kingdom , despite many efforts to deliberately destroy welsh culture ( we 're sorry !, 
  mostly ) . 
  east germany will likely remain to be somewhat distinct from the rest of germany forever . 
  sad what one arbitrary border for a meagre 40 years can do . 
  well , you got a third regional government and a third community government out of it , so it can be seen as a plus in that respect because you guys seem to fucking love making more apparently random levels of government .
