  that 's probably not the real reason . 
  the real reason is that scarves look fabulous and should be warn are all times regardless of weather source : owns large scarf collection, 
  were there catalan elections ? 
  why was n't i informed ? 
  what were the results ? 
  in which election ? 
  and next thing it 'll be what do syrians really think , and what do eritreans really think and what do somalians really think and what do japanese people really think . 
  you 've got to draw the line somewhere . 
  this submission has nothing directly to do with europe . 
  seems like a pretty good place to put the line . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission was removed because it is not relevant to europe . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
   iq and brain size are positively correlated2 not it has n't . 
  this is from your own source  the relationship between brain size and intelligence , both amongst humans and between different species , has never been particularly well-defined . 
  literally in the first paragraph , too . 
  please be civil . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  reddit does n't allow things like `` breaking news '' please use a more reportable source that does not have such a click-bait title . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
   are you removing it because it does not fit with your political agenda ? 
  i think you 've already made up your mind about the answer to this question, 
  how did you end up speaking english so well ? 
  you must have come from a relatively highly educated background in syria before going to germany for study , right ? 
  have you considered doing an ama ? 
  there 's also historians and aid workers . 
  one of the westerners executed by daesh in the early days was an aid worker . 
  there 's also people going in to try and protect their families , salvage their possessions and other such things ( which is n't a ridiculous thing to do if you 're heading towards some of the areas deep within government , kurdish or fsa control ) . 
  editorialising, 
  please post to/r/europemeta, 
  it does when there are so many of them and they all point in the same direction . 
  it also especially implies that they are fundamentally the same programme when they are do fundamentally similar . 
  i mean , they 're both geniuses who 're masters of their field but are unable to truly participate in society because their brilliance ( and arrogance ) puts them so much above everybody else . 
  that 's the whole driving force of the show and its * exactly * the same in both of them . 
  i 've already said there are differences , but it 's just one step away from the various reincarnations of shakespeare plays which happen over time . 
  each production of shakespeare is different . 
  it 's the same with televisual reboots of the classics as well . 
  they 're significantly different , but fundamentally the same . 
  the overwhelming number of references just illustrates that even the authors are n't hiding that fact . 
   strenuous connections i ca n't go as in depth as i would like , so ill list some of the more superficial references that the writers of the show wrote in . 
  * house is a synonym of home/holmes . 
  * house 's side kick plays exactly the same role as holmes ' sidekick , even to the extent that their names are almost identical ( wilson * watson ) * house and holmes both have additions to pain killers ( morphine/vicadin ) . 
  * even the number of house 's apartment is a reference to sherlock holmes so even the authors acknowledge and even praise the similarities of the two cultural works . 
  -- that 's not to say house is n't a good show . 
  i recently watched the entire series . 
  there are also some elements which are different . 
  the presence of house 's team is almost entirely new ( although lisa cuddy as well some other characters do have parallels , such as with lestrade ) . 
  there 's far more overt discussion of moral values in house than in holmes . 
  these all add significant difference , which is why i call it a reboot and not a copy . 
  but i think that holmes is quite obviously what the show is based on , especially when you look at the more fundamental arches overriding the whole show ( such as house 's constant flirtation with being normal , which mirrors holmes ' progression into caring for watson ) . 
  -- i 'd love to do some research into the more fundamental similarities of this though, 
  anglo saxon culture ftw !, 
  to be fair , i do think that the edges of our culture are extremely murky . 
  the only obvious place to draw a boundary is between western countries - that is , countries which derive their cultures from the greek and roman classics , which is essentially all of europe and many of their from other colonies , especially the usa , canada , maybe south america l - and the rest of the world . 
  dividing up the west never seems to make sense , because you always find the same values ( e.g. 
  respect for freedom/liberty , individualism , social justice , equality ) even if those principles are applied in different ways ( usa tends to take a more limited view of individual liberty which defines it is negative freedom from outside coercion such as taxes , where as europeans tend more to see it as a positive freedom to things , such as a right to [ tertiary ] education , basic standards of living , freedom from disabilities ) . 
  i do think it 's worth noting that migrations today , in terms of scale that have a significant impact on the immigration and emigration countries still happen over very long time periods . 
  like , the effects of asian and african migration towards europe have been going on for about 70 years now and it 's only after this huge period of time that it has had a pervasive impact on the demographic nature european countries . 
  just on a different note : in my own culture i 've been realising how essentially most films and works of fiction are just reboots of shakespeare and other classic authors from previous centuries . 
  just as the most crass examples : this lion king i is basically romeo and juliet , the lion king ii is hamlet , then tv shows house and monk are both versions of sherlock holmes . 
  i think this is the really interesting thing about works of culture within a culture . 
  so little of it is truly new , and the works which are new are heavily influenced by those gigantic classics . 
  i think it 's for this reason that forays into foreign cultures can be so eye opening ; we do n't realise how limited our own cultures are . 
  -- background : i have been watching four different shakespeare plays over the past couple of weeks ( romeo and juliet , merchant or venice , othello and coriolanus ) . 
  the merchant of venice has been my favourite so far . 
  they 've all been broadcast from major london theatre companies onto small cinemas . 
  the one i watched today ( coriolanus ) was even part of some sort of european theatre organisation which broadcasts them to small cinemas all over europe . 
  well worth a go if you 've got somebody to to with and chat about it . 
  it 's really interesting seeing the different ways they 're produced even if you 've watched the same play before ( this is the third time i 've seen romeo and juliet - and it was my second favourite of these four , despite the coriolanus and othello being entirely new plays to me ) . 
  this is n't a cultural discovery , so much as a cultural precipice i am peering over , deciding whether or not to jump . 
  i got given the book les sept plumes de l'aigle ( the seven wings of the eagle ( ? ) ), 
  which is a book by french author henri gaudi ( iirc ) . 
  i know nothing about it or him . 
  i do n't know whether he is a good writer or if it 's a good book . 
  i tried reading the forward , and the writer does seem to have a knack for painting a mental picture with words for brush strokes . 
  i had to look up every 4th word but i still understood . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's worth the effort though . 
  i 'm gon na be finishing game of thrones ( the books ) soon so ill need to replace it with more fiction , but i 'm not sure if this is it . 
  it 'll obviously work wonders for french , but i 'm not sure if it will be too exhausting to enjoy . 
  thoughts ? 
  if it happens in the uk then uk law applies and they get punishment, 
   it 's easy to ` host ' hundreds of thousands of refugees in temporary camps when someone else pays the bills it 's actually not that easy . 
  i mean , even if someone else is paying , how do you think your city would cope with one million new inhabitants ( as an arbitrary number ) ? 
  it puts huge strain on infrastructure and drains resources away from other areas . 
  just because you increase the amount of money available to pay teachers , does n't mean that magically more teachers appear or new roads and sewers , for that matter . 
  yeah , that 's true and all , but at the moment lebanon has taken in so many syrian refugees that a third of its population are syria refugees . 
  so yeah , they are going to countries which are already culturally similar , and now those counties are full . 
  there 's no excuse for not doing our humanitarian duty to those who are in need, 
  i 'd personally be more interested in rolling it out to the community before rolling it into the mod team . 
  i mean , the community 's job is to comment and discuss , the mods ' job is to sift out rule violations and spam . 
  there is n't a huge need for mods with technical backgrounds . 
  the only benefit is that people with ph.d 's tend to be very sound and reasonable , which are good qualities for moderators , rather then their specific degree area . 
  maybe if the mods had a background in marketing or it or webdesign or something then it would be relevant , but apart from that we 're just ordinary users who help run a subreddit . 
  it 's very separate in terms of its skill set to the actual user side of reddit .
