  there 's also / r/deutschland but that does n't get much activity and has a lot of english speakers . 
  / r/de is more genuinely german in my opinion . 
  for the latter * duolingo is good for establishing a basic vocabulary and idea of sentence structure , whilst being very fun and entertaining ( it feels more like a game than a learning tool ) * memerise.com is good for finding flashcard sets made by other people * anki is a good programme if you want to make your own flashcards . 
  * michelle thomas is easily pirate-able or you can again get it from the local library . 
  or you can buy it , but it 's pricy-er than all the other options which are free . 
  if i was wealthy then i would say it 's worth the money , even though it 's very expensive . 
  but as it stands i would n't have been able to afford it , which is why i recommend your local library . 
  * lang8.com is good for finding real speakers to mark your work as is / r/language _ exchange for finding a more longterm partner . 
  i also recommend heading over to / r/langueglearning and seeing what 's already been posted there . 
  just like to point out a positive in the article . 
   however , while specialist language degrees are being cut , anecdotal evidence suggests degrees with other subjects that involve a language component , such as law and french or business studies and spanish are stable . 
   beginner and intermediate language modules that are not part of students ' main degrees are also growing in popularity , university sources say , although comparative figures are not available . 
  university students and prospective university students do n't want to do degrees which are * just * in foreign languages . 
  however , this does n't mean that people are n't learning them , as the quoted passages indicate . 
  university students are still learning the languages , just either not as part of their degree or as part of a joint honours degree . 
  joint honours degrees , i think , are definitely the way the uk should be advertising language learning at university . 
  two points : one is that language degrees are still a lot more useful than a lot of the other degrees people still opt for like media studies . 
  there are n't many professions available which you actually need a specific degree for ( like engineering and law do ) . 
  even if language degrees are less economically useful than some other degrees , you can still do combined honours with a more specific degree ( as i intend to do with history and german ) . 
  the second main reason is more to do with a lack of interest earlier on in school life . 
  to do a language degree you must have done an a-level in that language . 
  you do a-levels from the ages of 16 to 18 ( usually ) , and to do a-level french/german/spanish , you need to have done one of those at the previous qualification level ( gcse level ) and gotten either an a or b. 
  fewer and fewer people are getting as and bs in foreign language gcses and fewer and fewer of those who do , go on to take that language up at a-level , and out of the ones that pass that , fewer and fewer decide to take it to university . 
  every couple of years in your school life you get a purging of people who might be potential language graduates , even if they want to . 
  the reason people do n't do language degrees is much more rooted in the fact they did n't do it at school for a whole variety of reasons , than for the economic reasons . 
  people are much more interested in doing degrees they want to do than doing degrees which will get them good jobs . 
  are you arguing against democracy ? 
  personally i find any government comment on the matter quite well worded and i think it tries very hard not to be inflammatory or spread false rumours . 
  it 's basing its actions on public opinion which is based on false rumours , but the government recognises that and down plays it . 
  there 's a real distinction between the bile of the dm and the well chosen words of the government , trying to avoid inflaming the issue . 
  depends if we 're talking about the media or government . 
  keep in mind that this intelligence-services crisis has and probably will continue to go on for a long time . 
  it 'll only take one government to at one point be in a situation where they extend the offer for asylum and then they 'll find it difficult to retract without looking serverely weak or directionless . 
  add into that the fact we 'll have plenty of elections by the time this crisis is over , and it only requires one of europe 's parliament 's to give him the ok . 
  it 's kind of hard to withdraw an invitation like this , especially at times when everyone is calling european governments weak and they want to appear , you know , not weak . 
  letting snowden talk at the euro parl is one of the best things europe can do to look like it 's defying the us whilst also not doing much . 
  i highly doubt they 'll back down , but they 'll also not do anything with the evidence . 
  probably anyway . 
  i 'm being cynical and i can definitely see myself being wrong on this occasion and snowden 's speech both going ahead and leading to some kind of tangible results . 
  you 're right . 
  i misremembered the information on [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wmvjcjf.jpg ) . 
  the simile between the actual french word and the eiffel tower is , sadly , not quite so intense :(, 
   martin keynes ? 
  surely you mean john maynard keynes ach , you 're correct . 
  i 'll edit my brain blip . 
   perhaps these quotes from the [ 8 ] 1932 us election will change your mind : i 'd just like to point out that that eli5 post does n't represent my opinions . 
  i do n't want to get dragged into this debate :p, 
  you can criticise the post for over simplifying the whole thing all you like , but i was asked to explain it in the simplest terms available so i did . 
  i explained the two dominant views on on the subject and i explained them in contrast to one another . 
  furthermore , if you 're going to get nit picky with me like that , then i should point out that i only said the economics would be hard to explain and not that my chief role was to explain them . 
  my chief goal was to explain the broad outline of the whole crisis , not just one element like economics . 
  sorry that it was n't completely , absolutely and 100 % the most indisputably best explanation of the crisis ever , but i thought i did a pretty alright job . 
  ok , i used the term `` austerity '' where i should have used something else ( i do n't actually know what term you would have liked me to have used . 
  austerity is by far the most easily understandable term for opposition to keynesianism , where as no more commonly accepted term for keynesianism exists to my knowledge ) . 
  i used bailout where you would have liked me to use loan . 
  i stressed germany 's role ( which is very important to history of the crisis ) where you would have liked me to downplay it . 
  i did all of those things and i stand by it . 
  i think it explains the whole crisis correctly . 
  i think that maybe you 're right and i should have used some other terms in places , but i think my goal ( which was to explain the whole crisis broadly ) was achieved . 
  now , you can pick over this * deliberately simplified * explanation of the crisis forever or you can make your own overly simplified explanation and let me pick away at minute details making little `` uhg '' noises as i go to piss you off . 
  i 'd very much appreciate you having a crack at it . 
  personally i prefer the shots which put some of the historical landmarks at the front , so that you get the old and new in one shot . 
  more of a giant french needle , if we 're to use their word for it  ( la bite , anyone ? ), 
  what skyline ? 
  it 's all flat apart from the eiffel tower, 
  people had said the same thing about the eiffel tower  [ even after its construction , the eiffel tower was highly controversial amongst the parisians . 
  one famous quote is from novelist guy de maupassant , who hated the tower but still went to its restaurant every day . 
  when asked why , he said it was because it is the only place in paris were one can not see the structure . 
  ] ( http://www.worldsiteguides.com/europe/france/paris/eiffel-tower/ ), 
  well , at least the political class are actually getting prosecuted . 
  the situation in a lot of places can end up being that the whole government does corruption , everyone knows it , but the system has accepted it so much that nobody ever bother prosecuting very heinous crimes . 
  if people are being prosecuted then that means at least something 's working right and at least change is happening , at least slowly . 
  thanks for this . 
  i 'd particularly like to thank you for the context e.g. 
   `` his party ( social-democrats ) is currently the larger party in romania 's ruling coalition and if we had today elections , they 'd win more than 50 % of the votes . 
  ( mostly because 70-80 % of the people would n't vote ) '' this gives the story a lot more depth . 
  economics of this scale is almost impossible to eli5 , but here 's my best shot . 
  i 'm not arguing for or against keynesianism or austerity ( which are the two main competing schools of thought over the eurozone crisis ) in this post but just try to make sure both sides get somewhat equally represented . 
  i 've prefaced most/all matters of opinion with `` some people think '' or a phrase similar to it . 
  * austerity : cutting government services in order to save money . 
  * germany ( of which merkel is the chancellor ) is the main exporter and largest economy within the european union and the eurozone . 
  * when the financial crisis happened merkel and other rich ( generally northern ) european countries as well as the european central bank ( ecb ) and international monetary fund ( imf ) offered the trouble countries ( lovelingly termed the '' [ pigs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pigs_ ( economics ) but i prefer the term `` gips '' as it 's less insulting whilst still sounding somewhat catchy ) a bailout . 
  * a bailout is basically a huge some of money granted from one body to another without any obligation to pay it back ( like a loan ) but on the provision that the receiving body ( e.g. 
  the gips countries ) reforms itself in order to avoid needing a bailout in future . 
  * germany needs the rest of the eurozone to be rich enough to buy its goods in order for her industry to remain stable and growing . 
  * it 's worth noting at this point that many people believe germany and specifically angela merkel are committed to the idea of the european project , that is , to a united continent economically unable to go to war with itself like in 1914 or 1939 . 
  * the eu , of which germany pays a large share , the imf and the ecb pay huge sums of money to greece . 
  the first bailout in 2010 was $ 110 * billion * euros , or to approximately the gdp of ireland to greece in a single transfer , admittedly not only from germany . 
  * some people see germany as saving the gips from completely collapse in return for harsh reform , in a manner similar to an addict detoxing . 
  * others see germany as inflicting unnecessary hardship on greece for their own benefit . 
  * this group of people also tends to believe that the economic crisis can/could have been solved using ` keynesian economics ' . 
  john maynard * keynes ( who was present at peace treaty of versailles , but was mostly ignored , and was a huge influence on the post war reconstruction of west germany ) generally advocates for increased government spending in times of economic recession in order to stimulate growth . 
  * keynesians point to the failures of austerity and lassez fair ( rough translation `` let it stand [ alone ] '' , minimal state intervention ) economics in post ( 1918-1930 ) weimar germany and the failure of republican administrations in the us during the great depression . 
  * they also point to the successes of president franklin d roosevelt in the 1930s to combat the great depression using large scale state intervention like setting up huge companies to employ people . 
  they also point to the economic success of western europe post 1945 using marshall aid . 
  edit : got keynes ' name wrong . 
  i used to be socially awkward . 
  ^ ( i still am . ), 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ i ^ ^ also ^ ^ used ^ ^ to ^ ^ be, 
  i feel as though the history of facial hair of great rulers should be its own branch of history .
