  additionally , the mads situation with nukes is would make it difficult for them to make any kind of military advance and even then you realise there 's several buffer states between russia ( and allied states such as belarus ) and germany . 
  the chances of a russian invasion in the next 100 hundred years are not that much less than the chances of a german invasion , so pretty slim . 
  having a fortified border with germany is a stupid idea as is spreading troops around europe from different countries for the purpose of preventing a russian invasion after it 's already engulfed half the continent . 
  if russia was a legitimate threat , the last place i would put soldiers protective soldiers is germany . 
  yeah there 's very little chance of an intelligent discussion . 
  that started when implied that there is a chance in hell of germany going nazi on europe again * and * that having troops in germany will either prevent this or that it is an at all reasonable way to prevent this . 
  there 's no way in the next hundred years germany 's going to do that . 
  if we 're going to spend however much keeping eleven thousand troops there costs , we might as well put them to good use else where like france , because they tried to invade us too , damn frenchies . 
  or what about ireland ? 
  more over , does the us having troops here ( it does , under nato ) in any way make us less likely to attack the us or go around bombing the rest of the world ? 
  yeah i think it 's a retarded idea and it 's incredibly hard to hold back that belief . 
  it 's literally one of the most stupid things i 've read on / r/europe and this place is n't immune to idiots . 
  i 've suddenly had an epiphany . 
  i 'm going to stop studying to be a journalist and become a computer specialist instead !, 
  it just , feels like the right thing to do . 
  like it 's really my true calling and i have just found it . 
   speak and write english . 
  your reddit post history will be used to verify your language skill claims . 
  * sharp intake of breath *, 
  i fear you 're getting down-voted for saying some thing war related * and * having an american flag . 
  unfortunately fatal combo here , despite you saying some thing quite reasonable . 
  case any one 's wondering `` gesamt '' means `` total '' ( in this context ) . 
  if it was n't already obvious . 
   it seems to me that these are going to be very hard to replace *** why the fuck would we want to replace them ?!, 
  *** germany 's not going to go off on a nazi gassing spree . 
  there 's literally no point in having them there apart from to let germany know that if it tries anything funny the british , french , americans , ect are going to attack . 
  that would be useful if there was any fucking chance of germany pulling some thing , which there is n't . 
  give me one * good * reason why there should be british troops in german !, 
  one !, 
  repost  macs already do this so far as i know . 
  i hold down alt and then o to create an umlaut ( \u00a8 \u00fc \u00e4 \u00eb \u00cb \u00c4 , \u00ebct ) and then type the vowel i want bellow it to put them together . 
  works the same for accents ( \u00e9 , \u00b4 , \u00e1 , \u00f3 , \u00e9ct ) . 
   i would still like it to be even smoother because holding alt every time i want to use an umlaut gets tiring when you 're trying to type broken german . 
  still , it 's virtually the thing you were describing . 
  macs already do this so far as i know . 
  i hold down alt and then o to create an umlaut ( \u00a8 \u00fc \u00e4 \u00eb \u00cb \u00c4 , \u00ebct ) and then type the vowel i want bellow it to put them together . 
  works the same for accents ( \u00e9 , \u00b4 , \u00e1 , \u00f3 , \u00e9ct ) . 
  i would still like it to be even smoother because holding alt every time i want to use an umlaut gets tiring when you 're trying to type broken german . 
  still , it 's virtually the thing you were describing . 
   trends like older british moving to southwester france if i had to pick one place where most britons retire and/or relocate it 'd be spain and that general region . 
  ( [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_migration_to_spain ) ), 
   once they fulfil the conditions the conditions really are the crux of the matter . 
  i would n't be any where near as blunt as tubeez was being and i do n't think it 's right ti veto romania and bulgaria 's entry into schengen seeing as they 're already eu members , but in principle i am against the entry of more eu states because i believe the entry requirements are far too low . 
  countries should have to have much better civil liberties which are much better protected and we should have much better transparency and much more stable economic plans . 
  this should also be reciprocated on the side of the eu in that it 's government needs to be * way * more transparent . 
  if the eu had higher standards for members * and enforced those standards * then we would n't even be in a sovereign debt crisis . 
  i 'm all for uniting the european continent . 
  i think that is a great idea and i think it is achievable , but for god 's sake do n't rush it . 
  it can be done and it can be magnificent , but if it is rushed and too many corners are cut it wont be nearly as good and it may not even last . 
  tl : dr do n't cut corners and do n't rush the european project . 
  keep entry standards high and enforce them . 
  two isss ? 
  shut up and take my tax money !, 
  i disagree . 
  the reason the cold war space race did n't achieve much in the long term or of long term value was because of the reasons they were racing . 
  they wanted to use space for a military advantage . 
  if the goal was some thing different and some thing less about damage and more about progress then i doubt the space program would have ( in the long term ) failed so badly . 
  if there were long term goals like ( long term ) financial gain or the collection of rare minerals then the race would ( and could ) turn out differently . 
  i believe that is what is happening with all the private companies at the moment . 
  they 're all trying to get up to space and make a profit in a long term fashion . 
  so that they can continually see financial returns for the foreseeable future . 
  that 's one reason why i think this will work better than it did previously . 
  i also disagree with you on the notions of cost . 
  the reason it costs so much now is because of our extremely primitive launcher technologies . 
  ie strapping a load of * expensive * fuel and * expensive * rockets to a small pod and lighting it . 
  national space agencies are working on cheaper alternatives and so are private companies . 
  the skylon project is my favourite example with its single stage to launch mechanism which will make space flight ( above leo ) over ten times cheaper once the technology has been safety tested . 
  it 's already been proven to work in theory . 
  resources are n't a problem in the long term . 
  the problem is our current methods which are obviously primitive and ineffective . 
  space travel will not always be expensive and that 's where the real frontier is . 
  making space flight cheaper . 
  we 're fast on our way to doing that . 
  what i do agree with pooling is certain aspects of our technologies as those are more scarce , but only certain aspects . 
  additionally , the reason we 're going into space this time is not for nationalistic * `` we can do it , so we must !, 
  '' * typed reasons . 
  this time we 're going to with a much heavier focus on benefitting humanity . 
  we 're not just going to go to mars and see , well we 've done that let 's call it quits . 
  this time it 'll be followed through with more profitable ventures for the companies and governments involved like that space mining company founded , among others , by larry page the founder of google . 
  a lot of these companies gains are already visible in the satellite industry . 
  i know this has been a sporadic post , but i do just disagree with you on a lot of different fronts and order them cohesively is difficult . 
  i 'm open to being questioned on my pov for inaccuracies incase i failed to articulate them properly here . 
  you should really get your toilet looked at . 
  on a list of things you do n't want to leak , toilet comes pretty high up there . 
  if the us is going to pivot to the pacific , we should get in there too and steal some of the pie . 
  we have more people and a much bigger economy , we 'll see who china prefers ^ ^, 
  that was quite nice . 
  these eu vids seem to be getting slowly but steadily more informative , which is certainly nice . 
  could n't agree more . 
  if we could send a ship to the moon/mars with a big european flag on it and all the member states knowing they could n't have done it alone , pro europe feelsings would surely * sky-rocket * . 
  that 's one way to go about the quest , but personally i like the idea of * divide and conquer ( space ) !, 
  * that 's what got humans into space last time . 
  the cold war was one of the most intense periods of advancement in extraterrestrial fields ever . 
  i 'd prefer to recreate that , but with a slightly more friendly outlook and perhaps more * trading * of ( note : * not * giving ) ideas and technologies . 
  at the moment we have a very nice three or four horse race starting . 
  china , esa , nasa and the russian space agency all of signifiant starting platforms in terms of resources , knowledge and existing technology . 
  some parties are more aligned than others but we 're all dependent on each other for trade so we * probably * wont nuke each other to get a leg up . 
  this all goes without mentioning private space companies like virgin galactic , rel 's skylon project , spacex and other 's i 'm surely forgetting . 
  lots of different countries and companies working on the quest of space exploration in all of their different ways and all racing each other . 
  it 's gon na be an excellent race .
