  as far as i 'm concerned , a group of about 2 million people like to fast for one month of the year in the uk . 
  i do n't care if they do it because they are christian or muslim , or because they like football or because they wanted to watch the star wars premiere . 
  if you * know * something is going to have adverse effects on a lot of children 's exam performance , why not reschedule ? 
  the causes are irrelevant to convenience . 
  well the examination period lasts for over two months , and they 're only rescheduling the most popular exams ( english and maths ) . 
  it 's not difficult to do . 
  it 's a scheduling change with no downside . 
  source ? 
  yeah , secular state . 
  let 's have exams on christmas and easter . 
  not really a problem . 
  if a huge number of your students are going to really want to be somewhere else , then why not schedule exams to be accommodating ? 
  i mean , in my opinion , it would make sense to organise exams so that they do not take place on the same day as world cup football matches . 
  there 's no big philosophical reason behind it . 
  it 's just that it helps reduce student stress levels , and my god stress levels are high enough among uk students as it is, 
  yeah , but you 're only looking at the amount of refugees and their gender balance . 
  look at european society as a whole . 
  europe has a population of 500,000,000 and a broadly equal gender split . 
  there are around 2,000,000 asylum applicants over the past two and a half years . 
  so that 's about 800,000 female applicants and 1,200,000 males . 
  what are the effects on europe ? 
  almost nothing . 
  now there are 250,800,000 european females and 251,200,000 males . 
  that 's not a big difference . 
  europe 's gender balance is fine and will continue to be so . 
  syria will run out of people before europe 's gender balance is in danger . 
  maybe if i had n't had to deal with a thousand dick heads like you already who do n't give two shits what somebody else says , but instead just see opportunities to chant their own point of view , then i would n't be so pissed . 
  why do n't you direct your energies towards trying to understand what i am saying . 
  oh fuck off dude . 
  you 're completely ignoring what i am saying . 
  stop looking for excuses to be outraged . 
  is she saying this is a solution ? 
  fucking hell no she is n't . 
  that 's what i have been saying all day . 
  if you 'd stop circlejerking long enough to actually try and understand somebody else 's point of view you may just realise that you 're being an idiot who has absolutely no idea what they 're talking about . 
  nobody is saying that this is a solution . 
  do you see me saying that ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  if you * actually * listened before you typing maybe you would have realised that . 
  just shut the fuck up and listen for once . 
  if you read the article , it means male dominated as in more males than females , not that males hold the more lucrative and powerful positions, 
  her advice was n't intended as the ultimate solution ... 
  they * know * it 's not gon na be able to protect you in all instances . 
  that 's why they are preparing other measures . 
  it 's like you just want something to be angry about, 
  the nyt , the washington post and the huffington post are n't really read in europe . 
  i 'll give you the guardian . 
  that is pro-asylum seeker . 
  the economist , on the other hand , is much more mixed . 
  it 's support is highly conditional on the ability to use migration to fill a labour gap . 
  now , as for the rest of the european press ... in the uk , the times and the telegraph ( two of the uk 's most popular four newspapers ) are heavily anti-immigration . 
  this idea that somehow a ` leftist ' media is controlling everything is pretty stupid imho . 
  it 's no more accurate than in 1920s and 30s germany when the constant chant of the ` l\u00fcgenpresse ' ( lying press ) was shouted . 
  it 's just not true . 
  there 's a lot of variety out there . 
  you can justified your views without having to resort to some weird , `` leftwing '' and `` sjw '' boogey man who is controlling everything through some weird conspiracy . 
  especially seeing as she cites everything else . 
  ... what news media have you been reading which paints immigrants in a positive light ? 
  ... what ? 
  you 're going to move because 50 odd people in all of germany did something evil ? 
  it sounds horrific to say , but rape is declining rapidly and the number of rapes committed on new year 's eve in germany were well within the average . 
  according to [ these stats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_germany ) there 's * roughly * 20 rapes per day in germany , if you normalise it for the entire year . 
  new year 's eve has always had a much higher crime rate , due to the amount of people who are going out and intoxicating themselves . 
  it 's always been a thief and rapist 's paradise . 
  i 'm not saying this is n't all horrific and horrible . 
  what i am trying to say is that you should put it into perspective . 
  it may be a shocking story , but the event itself is nothing special . 
  it changes nothing from the years before . 
  [ sweden ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-19592372 ) and similar countries are actually extordinarily safe , especially regarding rape . 
  if you find rape repulsive and want to minimise your chances of being raped , then move to sweden or similar countries . 
   cologne 's mayor placing the burden of avoiding sexual assault on women that 's not actually what she did . 
  yeah , they gave some guidelines for how to protect yourself . 
  that was the right thing to do . 
  however , giving advice on how to protect yourself is not the same thing is blaming people for what happens to them . 
  it 's just advice . 
  there were a range of other policies which are being put in place to deal with this . 
  the media just picked up on this one thing like crazy and spun a good story , like it always does . 
  i 've got to say , that the gender imbalance is n't actually that extreme . 
   but the result is that 66.26 percent of adult migrants registered through italy and greece over the past year were male , according to the international organization of migration . 
  additionally , i 'm really annoyed by the article because it says that gender imbalanced societies are more unstable , etc. 
  but then does n't actually go into detail of * why * they are unstable . 
  if we can get to the answer of * why * societies with uneven sex ratios are more unstable , then we can come to a conclusion . 
  i ca n't help but think that they are avoiding delving further into that particular question because the answer to * that * indicate that the gender imbalance is not a real problem and that gender imbalance is * not * a justification for abandoning refugees who need our help . 
  i 'm not saying this is n't a serious issue . 
  i just think that the author is trying to nudge the reader in a particular direction which we do n't need to go . 
  there 's a whole range of solutions at our disposal . 
  for instance , the article itself states nearer the end how part of the gender imbalance problem is not just with there being more men but more * unmarried * men or men without children because they feel unattached . 
  one could even say * unintegrated * . 
  we 've already known for years now that european governments have failed to integrate people effectively into their own countries , causes problems generations later . 
  so a proper integration policy could well be the answer , rather than just closing our borders to the world 's neediest . 
  i 'm not saying you should disregard her views , however you should keep in mind where this author is coming from . 
  they are not an ordinary journalist at politico . 
  [ they ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valerie_m._hudson ) are an academic at the bush school of government and public service in texas , usa . 
  what they say is obviously interesting , but just bear in mind that it is coming from a republican , us ideological perspective . 
  there 's a lot of assumptions which underly what she is saying that may or may not be correct . 
  i 'll have to add that to my reading list for when i am finished with ` this changes everything ' by naomi klein ( one of the most important books i 've ever read , but always one of the hardest to read ) . 
  michael sandel is like a bit of a guilty interest . 
  i disagree with him on a lot of ethical stuff , because we have different views on morality ( utilitarian vs. kantian iirc ) but he just writes so well i still listen to what he has to say , or rather , read what he has to write . 
  thanks, 
  i 've always really hated these terms ` self supporting ' and ` contributor ' .
