  for instance , since 1982 the uk has had five different prime ministers ( thatcher , major , blair , brown and cameron ) whilst germany has only had three ( k\u00f6hl , schr\u00f6der and merkel ) . 
  and the uk is still going to change pms within the next five years whilst merkel is set to stay . 
  and there 's also many other very long serving german chancellors like adenauer in the aftermath of the war for 13 years and helmut schmidt before helmut k\u00f6hl for 8 years . 
  there 's only three british post war prime ministers who 've lasted for more than 8 years ( wilson ( sort of ) , thatcher and blair ) . 
  the point being that german chancellors * in average * last much , much longer . 
  interestingly , merkel is n't the longest serving democratically elected german chancellor . 
  she 's only been chancellor for ten years , which is nothing compared to her cdu predecessor helmut kohl who was there for 16 years straight , or as i like to call it , literally forever . 
  i wonder why it is that german chancellors last so long, 
   ensure that they are banned for life from the legal means of emigration or claiming asylum . 
  so it 's clear that if they get caught entering illegally once then it 's a permanent life time ban on any entry to the eu for any reason . 
  that seems very harsh . 
  i agree there absolutely needs to be measures to disincentivise illegal migrants , but baring people from ever returning , even to claim asylum , is n't the right answer . 
  i mean , what if somebody tried to falsely claim asylum from syria in the uk in 2000 , and was then barred for life from claiming asylum . 
  the situation in syria today obviously merits them to be given asylum . 
  just because you made a horrendously stupid decision in the past does n't mean you should be contemned to death in the future . 
   dump them in a friendly and safe african country that agrees , and then let them loose basically . 
  odds are they 'll make their own way back to their home country to be with their families . 
  if they managed to cross the mediterranean , all of france and end up at the english channel , they 're not gon na let the fact that they were put back on square one stop them from trying to go somewhere again . 
  eh , some african cultures are certainly very different , but i think that there 's certainly many north african countries with a huge degree of cultural similarities . 
  at least the same way someone from sweden has more in common with someone from italy than a swede does with someone form thailand . 
  obviously they 're not identical , but they 're not totally dissimilar either . 
  i 've re-listed it because i ca n't immediately see a reason why it should be removed . 
  please message the mods in future ( by putting / r/europe in the address field ) so that we can sort these problems out quicker . 
   hmm / u/moderatorsofeurope [ 5 ] account no longer has permissions . 
  that account never had permissions . 
  it 's literally just there to manage megathreads . 
  you 're arguing as if there is some magical middle way to solving this . 
  with the resources we have , i do n't see one . 
  it 's not a question of just working harder . 
  i 'm already putting far too much effort into this and i 'm not gon na be able to contribute as much time as i am currently for much longer . 
  we simply do not have the amount of skilled moderators to activelyand effectively curate every immigration comment thread ( much less the fallout that would cause ) . 
  and no , we ca n't just add more . 
  skilled is the operative word , and they 're hard to find . 
  we 're still in the process of adjusting the newest moderators . 
  there 's no perfect answer . 
  only a variety of subpar ones . 
  well we both have very different ideas over what sort of person i am, 
  i 'm literally terrified . 
  my hands are shaking so much i can hardly type . 
  this was the moment i and had always feared would come . 
  we 're not all inselaffen , you know :p quite a few of us actually make the effort to integrate into wider european society . 
  do n't be silly . 
  viennese is n't a language . 
  it 's a state of mind . 
  every subreddit has its own issues . 
  i 've seen about as much actual discussion in this thread as i have in all the various submissions of the past few months . 
  and this megathread has actually been a huge success so far , if you define success by the effect it has had on the front page . 
  many users will testify that the front page is a much nicer and more varied place since we did the megathread , which was the whole point . 
  the point of this thread was to give some place for immigration to be discussed , as much as it ever was truly discussed , whilst allowing discussion of other topics to flourish as well . 
  it seems to be working very effectively in that effect . 
  if you want to discuss immigration more without megthreads , then i invite you to go to / r/euromigration , which will be more to your desires . 
  it 's nowhere near as simple as you 're making it out to be and i 'd appreciate it if you did n't go around continuously spreading misinformation to serve your own ends . 
  that 's not what bias is . 
  sure , this is a legitimate criticism , but you 're getting the definition of bias confused . 
  voting on things is a form of bias because it lets the biases ( preferences ) of the users determine content . 
  it 's a type of bias which is arguably good . 
  so your criticism is that there actually is n't enough user generated bias . 
  and i agree with you . 
  it would be nice if we could have more voting within the megathread . 
  all i can suggest is that you vote on the individual comments which linked to the articles , or that you go to a subreddit which is dedicated to european immigration , like / r/euromigration , because as it stands at the moment , the amount of immigration which some users would like to be discussed here is simply too large . 
  how is it biased ? 
  the links are being added to the list in whatever order they arrive in . 
  the only bias is from people submitting certain types of articles . 
  totally agree . 
  if a greater proportion of the users were more willing to have a conversation * without * resorting to `` yeah but that 's what sjws like you think '' or `` yeah , but a racist like you would say that '' type of petty squabbling then maybe we would n't have had to do this megathread . 
  you 're not going to convince anybody of anything unless you try and sympathise with them and understand their point of view . 
  if you 're calling them names then you 're never going to convince them of * anything * and the conversation is basically useless . 
  it 'll only serve to make people angry at each other . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  i 'll see if it can be implemented in the next one . 
  that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
  some of them were n't submitted as comments so i have nothing to link to ( e.g. 
  pms and submissions to the main page [ which get removed ] ), 
  mod here , one of this subs most ardent eurosceptic is one of my top five favourite community members . 
  / u/trucidator or something like that he 's just very good at having a very in depth conversation without resorting to emotion or personal attacks . 
  i completely disagree with him on almost everything , but i respect the way he argues for what he believes in . 
  ill like anybody who 's willing to argue their believes with the conviction and quality of truc, 
  this phrase is becoming like clauzel 's `` europe is multilingual '' comment that be always writes to stupid questions that get asked all the time . 
  only yours is an indignant response to ignorance . 
  and you get ever more frustrated every time you write it . 
  i feel for you , but your frustration is also ever so slightly amusing, 
  i 'm quite bit ignorant here : what did he say that was so wrong ? 
  not really . 
  the people delegate the responsibility to make decisions on these matters to their elected representatives in ( the european ) parliament . 
  parliament is , in turn , handing some of the ability to make decisions within a very narrow set of guidelines to international courts ( which will arguably provide many benefits due to legislation harmonisation ) . 
  so it 's not like ttip is out there to steal our democracy . 
  it 's gon na be voted on by our parliamentarians . 
  if a majority do n't agree , then it wo n't pass . 
  and if we want to back out of the trade agreement in future , then we can do that do . 
  we 're not losing any rights here . 
  we 're just delegating, 
  everybody is getting paid for this court hearing , so it 's not wasted . 
  the government side is arguably wasted taxpayers money , but i 'm fine with taxpayers money being spent on legal cases . 
  we need that to ensure we have a fair and open justice system . 
  it 's reall a non story, 
  hopefully we 'll get a lot more of them from now on ^ _ ^, 
  do you have a specific source for the image in the op ? 
  i think the thing is a lot of users are dissatisfied , but usually for entirely different reasons . 
  it basically means the only option left is to steer a course through the middle somewhere , which is nobody 's ideal course of action but serves everybody 's interests reasonably well . 
  because you were disagreeing with what the person you responded to said .
