  but then obviously we end up with it being biased in favour of some nations . 
  so those 'd be my choices ; either artists and scientists or let the member states decide like they do for coins already . 
  who would you rather have than juncker ? 
  on a mac and i do n't get the special = / = thing :( i get blank spaces or normal zeros . 
  i thought that comprehensives were run by school boards these days , rather than by the local councils . 
  i agree that people should be able to learn about obscure gods just as much as popular ones , but providing a new place to learn about already popular gods does nothing to limit the supply of places to learn about obscure ones . 
  there 's no reason to be against the creation of a new forum for communication and learning . 
   aka atheist conversion to one of the abrahamic religions . 
  is there anything wrong with that ? 
  someone who currently is an atheist or agnostic is curious about spirituality , so he/she goes to a religious place to discuss religion . 
  sounds like a win win to me . 
  there 's plenty of places spiritual people can go to learn about atheism . 
  it seems entirely appropriate that people of any belief should have avenues open to them in order to test their faith and explore new ones . 
  what about yugoslavia and ukraine ? 
  i 'm happy talking about northern cyprus too . 
  the thing about those three conflicts ( or sets of conflicts in the case of yugoslavia ) is that they were not integrated with european union member states . 
  if they had been , then war and conflict would have been extremely unlikely . 
  unfortunately they were n't part of the european project and so unfortunately the eu could n't help , apart from by sending in troikas ( group of three european politicians from three countries ) , which were very effective in the early stages of the ukraine crisis and allowing slovenia to break away from yugoslavia peacefully . 
  herman van rampuy is definitely a proto-stalin . 
  i 'm glad now that i can see how the european union is * totally * a modern mirror image of the soviet union . 
  i mean look , they 've both got union in the name , and , well , they both , like , are similar . 
  i mean , the eu has like , total power over all of the states underneath it just like , the soviet union . 
  the eu always has one tyrannical despot at the middle , like the soviet union . 
  the eu pumps loads of money into a nuclear arms race , just like the . . 
  wait no . 
  that 's no true at all . 
  maybe this comparison is n't very good . 
  the more i think about it , the more i realise they 're actually nothing a like , other than in the most superficial sense . 
  it 's about slightly more than commemoration . 
  it 's commemoration and reflection . 
  we should acknowledge the horrors and the atrocities , and reflect on how we can avoid such horrors in future . 
  it 's pretty well accepted in continental europe that european integration is the way it has been achieved so far and how it will be achieved in future . 
  it 's an acknowledgment of the driving force behind peace we 've had in europe for the last 60 years : european integration . 
  yes , the thought of two european major european countries sounds ridiculous , but it only sounds ridiculous because of the great progress member states have made through the eu . 
  just look at at the former yugoslavia c. 1990 , russia and georgia , or russia and ukraine , cyprus and northern cyprus . 
  there 's a certain theme occurring , that states which participate with one another through the eu do not get into conflicts with one another . 
  before anybody says ` but what about switzerland , liechtenstein , iceland , norway ' : they 're eea members and benefit from eu integration similar to how full eu members do . 
  it 's very easy to just assume that post wwii things just became ` different ' and yes they did , but that does n't mean we 're incapable of losing our empathy for common europeans . 
  for a lot of people it 's still very hard to empathise with our common humans in the middle east , africa and east asia . 
  historical forces have lead european nations towards greater co-operation , in order to further the cause of peace and prosperity . 
  of course there are other forms it could have taken , rather than the eu as we know it today , but there are a lot of good reasons that the eu took the form it did . 
  for instance , the level of economic co-dependence we have necessitates a giving up of sovereignty in order to manage economic policy , so it 's hard to imagine a peaceful europe where some kind of european supra-national entity exists in order to direct the process . 
  so all of the viable alternative ways we could have achieved a peaceful europe basically include some kind of quais-eu structure and for that reason , we should at acknowledge its roll at celebrations like the centenary of wwi for halting the repetition of violence between european peoples . 
  and italian culture is much close to spanish culture than french culture is to japanese culture . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  english culture and american culture are very distinct from on another . 
  i would argue equally distinct as some other cultures which do n't share languages like the scandinavians or maybe the iberians . 
  do n't interpret this as me saying they 're not different . 
  they very much are , but american and english culture is very much different as well , despite our shared language . 
  both our societies are only enriched by this sharing . 
   i no longer take people seriously once they pull the ad hominem card . 
  so you just criticise people 's character and things which are not relevant to the discussion and then stop taking them seriously because they pointed out that what you were saying was irrelevant ? 
  in which car , it was nice talking to you whilst it lasted . 
  before we continue , can we stop with the ad hominem attacks ? 
  yes i 'm british , but that 's irrelevant . 
  i also speak french and german and am very happy i do , but that 's irrelevant . 
  now , i 'm not arguing for the abolish of already existing languages . 
  i 'm just arguing for the creation or resurrection of already dead languages . 
  some cultures are genuinely enriched by their distinctive languages . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  but cultures which already exist fine l , like in wales , england , scotland , ireland , the usa and so on , do n't need their own languages to be arbitrarily created for them . 
  if you ca n't honestly say that english culture would be enriched by it having its own unique language , then you must extrapolate that neither ireland or wales need their own languages to replace the englishanguage . 
  but you are limited only to the cultures whose languages guy speak . 
  and i would argue that british culture is suitably distinct from american culture despite speaking the same language . 
  i do n't thing british culture losing anything by sharing a language , whilst it 's people gain much, 
  you would be able to discover different worlds much more easily than before . 
  i can go to anywhere in the english speaking world and learn about their culture with ease . 
  just like you can with switzerland , belgium , quebec and various places in africa . 
  it * enables * you to discover new world 's easier . 
  i 'm also not sure what you mean about robbing yourself of the ability to learn a new language . 
  do you learn languages just for the sake of learning them or do you learn them as a tool in order to experence new cultures and information ? 
  in the latter case it makes much more sense to just try and share a common language from the beginning . 
  in the former case , well , there 'll always be more languages and you can also venture into constructed or dead languages . 
  however , disadvantaging the rest of us so that you can have a motivation to learn a new language seems , again , arbitrary . 
  there are non-english speaking countries which are much more culturally open than most english speaking ones , yes . 
  however , there are also other factors at play . 
  for instance , small countries are very much inclined to look for support within a wider system . 
  additionally , you 're pointing to political cooperation rather than cultural openness , which , again , is different . 
  maintaining the two ( often more ) languages is literally a burden on people 's time . 
  it would be more beneficial to all involved if they just spoke the same language from the start . 
  even in countries like norway , individuals within society are cut off from the wider world by a lack of language skills . 
  they would not be suffering from this if they spoke a wider language from the beginning . 
  likewise , someone in england would be hugely disadvantaged if england spoke an obscure language that just the english spoke instead of a world language . 
  ** tl ; dr you should n't try and erect arbitrary language barriers if you are already part of a language community that facilitates in global discussions and awareness . 
  you are merely forcing people to undertake a serious burden on their time which could be spent doing other , more useful things , for no gain other than to become a nation which will have more individuals who are incapable of participating in a global discussion due to a lack of language skills . 
  yes , thank you . 
  attack the person , not the content . 
   thinking in french is very different from thinking in english . 
  as a french speaker , i disagree . 
   the english ` world ' is insular too - from the other worlds . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not pointlessly advocating english . 
  i 'm literally saying that we should n't abritrarily create new language barriers . 
   i do n't want everyone to speak my own . 
  why not ? 
  yes , they get on * alright * but they are also * more insular * than they would otherwise be . 
  i think it is pretty well accepted at this point that more access to the outside world is better for everyone . 
  more people can get an understanding of your culture , and you of theirs . 
  you can more easily use their products and visa versa . 
  you can more easily exchange knowledge and ideas of learn from one another .
