  they might meet a roma at a job interview and then decide not to hire this roma and grant him a way out of poverty because he is of a roma , which is something he can not control . 
  this poor guy who 's lived in some ghetto all his life , this guy who is perfectly qualified for the job being turned down because of racism . 
  where do you think this person who can not get employed goes ? 
  he steals . 
  he becomes tainted by society . 
  he becomes the asshole we all hate . 
  i will never say `` roma are worse than chinese '' . 
  it 's an over simplification and it will lead to problems . 
   the facts are simple-the majority of crime is made by immigrants source please . 
  edit : seriously , it 's stupid to believe something like that without a source . 
  edit : you 're all fucking idiots . 
  you downvoted me to heck for daring to ask valdr to provide a fucking source and look !, 
  it immediately proved that he was full of bullshit . 
  he is just wrong . 
  you fucking racist , xenophobe fucking bloody idiots . 
  ** idiots ** . 
  fine , go back to your little stupid world where you 're right and every one who dares think differently lives over the next hill , where you say mean things about them . 
  it is amazing how many people actually buy into the idea that all gypsies/roma people are inherently bad people . 
  along with many other points of view . 
  some of it 's just so counter logical . 
  agreed . 
  some of the racist elements of the sub are showing , but it 's mostly just people being angry at rapists as opposed to immigrants or what have you . 
  i 'm curious , have you actually seen these rapists and non-integrators for yourself ? 
  sure , rape gets reported all the time . 
  but there only has to be once instance of rape or murder or what have you in a population of one hundred million for that one instance of murder , ect to be reported to everyone . 
  that one report does n't mean that everyone in the 100,000,000 is raping . 
  it means one person is a rapist . 
  basing your opinion of anything based on what you see on the news is a bad idea . 
  the news is by nature sensationalist . 
  they will always accentuate the bad . 
  if they report rape and murder 24 hours a day , that does n't mean shit . 
  that means there have been a lot of rapes . 
  it does n't mean they are frequent or common . 
  it just means they happened . 
  he was in harry potter ? 
  who is this aimed at , specifically ? 
  i 'm feeling very happy about the decision i took a year ago to start learning german . 
  anyway , i always find these multi lingual interviews really odd . 
  like , i just can never get my head around that it 's actually angela merkel saying these things . 
  i know she is , but my brain just never makes the emotive connection like i do when david cameron is being interviewed . 
  you know , so long as you forget about everything east of the iron curtain . 
  they all loved thatcher . 
  interestingly , a lot of people west of the iron curtain love mikhail gorbachev , but he 's largely distrusted inside russia . 
  i think he did the right thing . 
  however i think the uk is doing the right thing by telling him not to go to the uk . 
  he 's just going to be extradited anyway . 
  plus , from the uk 's perspective , he 's just a criminal of an allied country and therefor should be avoided . 
  the uk government does n't really differentiate based on morals much , unless its a huge thing . 
  they probably just looked at snowdon and said `` is he being persecuted by one of our allies ? '', 
  `` check '' `` ok , do n't let him in the country '' . 
  it 's a bad idea for him to come here anyway . 
  i 'm not saying balance them . 
  imo the word `` balance '' in this context is kind of wrong , because you 're not balancing it . 
  you 're just making sure both sides are being represented in some way . 
  think of this , would you only like your newspaper to report facts which support your newspapers point of view ? 
  or would you like it to report facts which are contrary to its point of view , in addition to the ones which support it . 
  it 's not so much `` balance '' as `` giving the opposition a chance to speak '' . 
  this is the way i 've heard `` balance '' used , in regards to tutors and writing essays . 
  hmm , i always thought the independent in the uk was pretty good . 
  have you read the uk version and do you think similarly of it ? 
  depends on your definition of balanced . 
  when my tutors tell me to write a `` balanced essay '' they do n't mean to portray both sides as if they are equal . 
  they simply mean make sure that you represent both sides of the argument and evaluate them fairly . 
  you can represent one side a lot more than the other , and you do n't have to pretend that both have equal merit . 
  the sun is just a bad newspaper . 
  the dailymail , on the other hand , is actually dangerous . 
  the sun just does bad reporting and reads as if you 're an eight year old ( not even joking , it 's written for eight year olds ) where as the daily mail is written ok but incites a lot more hatred . 
  the important thing , is the level of hate found in the daily mail , where as the sun knows its readers want pay attention to anything newsy for more than 3 paragraphs , especially not if it is about something as complicated as immigration . 
  `` ufo-cult now wants to clone hitler '' ? 
  you guys really seem to know a lot about these awful newspapers ... 
  basically all the german newspapers i ( try to ) read have been defaced in this thread already . 
  my collection of foreign newspapers suddenly feels a lot less valuable . 
   column ( not sure what else to call it ) ever : henryk m. broker . 
  i think he would either be a columnist or a journalist . 
   maybe elsewhere as well , not sure i ca n't speak comprehensively , but i know that the daily mail has different staff for the online version than for the print version and that they 're in entirely different newsrooms . 
  additionally , the daily mail online is the most read online newspaper in the world , which makes me both sad because so many people are reading the daily mail ( even if the online version is better than print ) and also happy because a british/european newspaper is the most read globally !, 
  at least that was the case a few hours ago . 
    as long as iran and russia are supporting assad , the war will not end  this is a proxy war between iran and saudi arabia and europe and the us should stay out of it . 
  permalinksourcereportgive goldsavereplyhide child comments do be careful of being an armchair critique . 
  it 's all very well saying things and feeling well informed about your opinions , but it 's a different thing entirely to actually be well informed . 
  personally , i always remain skeptical of my own opinions on highly complicated matters like the eurozone debt crisis , pulling out of afghanistan , economic problems and ecological problems . 
  just because these are very difficult to figure out solutions for , no matter how intelligent and well informed you are . 
   do n't you feel that your democratically elected government is off the rails when they 're pushing for legislation which goes against your rights , is opposed not only by the public but prominent ministers , and that they ignore criticism ? 
  i think that they ( the conservatives ) are stupid for doing it , and that they 'll be punished for it come election time . 
  i 'm not going to vote conservative come election time , because i 'm displeased with them as a whole . 
  i 'll vote for some one less disappointing , like the liberal democrats because i can at least see why they made the decisions they did , and i can sympathise with them ( second party in a coalition , ca n't do much , ect ) . 
  i do n't sympathise with the conservatives for snooper 's charter . 
  i think lying to the public , ect is bad and should n't be done . 
  however `` democracy is the worst system of governance , apart from all those other systems of governance '' . 
  i just do n't expect anything better . 
  i believe that , given the nature of democracy , we 'll see the british democracy as well as most other democracies gradually get better . 
  that lying and so forth will gradually recede . 
  however it is just something common today . 
  every time a party does it , i will think less of them . 
  the more they lie , the less favourably i will think of them . 
  as time goes on , politicians will lie less . 
  this is my belief . 
  we ca n't improve the political system in one quick swoop , but we can work on it . 
  and one day it will be a fantastic system . 
  but for now , i 'll live with politicians lying , and vote based on a whole range of issues , the future of democracy being one .
