  i think that 's confirmation bias . 
  the mod team removes a lot of stuff for editorialising and being low quality , but the only stuff which you hear about us removing is the stuff relating to islam and immigration , because there 's a lot of people who feel that `` the establishment '' ( what ever that is ) is out to get them . 
  that leads them to making posts like the one we 're discussing in now , where they complain about censorship . 
  nobody complains when we remove lolcat , because they can sympathise with the rules and nobody believes there 's an establishment conspiracy to silence lolcat . 
  therefore , there is a lot of background noise of us removing islam and immigration content , even though it does not make up a particularly large proportion of removed content . 
  the only bias the mod team has is a bias in favour of a good subreddit . 
  does this make / u/dclauzel god ? 
  because having a french god is just unacceptable . 
  clearly there 's been a problem with the biblical interpretation, 
  i call dibs on arch bishop, 
  that was n't the case . 
  clauzel could have been using an interpretation of about three different rules . 
  but normally when we give removed notices , we do n't always say the rule number because sometimes that 's incredibly vague and unhelpful . 
  so we try and give an explanation , but again , we have to make a lot of decisions on a day to day basis ( let alone a monthly basis ) and they 're not always correct, 
  btw , do n't forget that you can message the mods directly . 
  there 's two links for it in the sidebar, 
  in a word : no . 
  one of the mods temporarily delisted some submissions because of an incorrect interpretation of a rule . 
  these misinterpretations happen . 
  there 's a lot of flexibility in the rules and it sometimes leads to multiple interpretations like this . 
  it 's sorted now and been corrected, 
  we all make mistakes . 
  there 's no need to get specifically annoyed at him . 
  yes . 
  you can post local news.there is no saying you ca n't . 
  the instances you 're thinking of were removed due to a blip . 
  they should not have been removed in the first place and have been reinstated . 
  we 'd still have the queen on all our money . 
  other courtiers that have royalty , like the netherlands , mint their own versions of the euro ( which are acceptable everywhere in the ez ) with their royalty on them . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  czecia is a tiny country in the middle of europe whose trade is dependent on eurozone countries like germany . 
  if the eurozone fails the czech republic will be just as screwed as euro members . 
  if you 're a small country with a small currency that trades heavily with the eurozone then you really should join the euro . 
  you have all of the negatives of you keep your own currency but non of the benefits . 
  it 's not even a problem with banks . 
  all companies that do currency exchanges will take away loads of your money . 
  it 's not a problem with sterling , it 's a problem with currency conversion in general . 
  you clearly did n't see the leaks of the back room chat, 
  we 're all just random people who moderate in our spare time for the love of the community . 
  we have no special training for this and we hardly even have a handbook apart from the rules in the sidebar . 
  if you think a removal is unjust then we expect the user to inquire about it , which will trigger a mod vote on whether to allow the submission or not . 
  it 's great that you have such high standards for us . 
  i 'm proud that we 've managed to hold them for so long , but at the end of the day we 're just a few people at the head of a few hundred thousand . 
  we need the community to moderate with us by reporting posts and pming us about questionable decisions which are not based on the sub rules . 
  i think its worth pointing out that a lot of people who do the dual language comments actually write in both languages because their english is n't perfect , and the additional language provides clarity . 
  it 's just a point worth considering, 
  mod here this has been delisted under rules 2.5 and 2.6 . 
  we 've got together and decided to reinstate the posts from earlier . 
  they should n't have been removed in the first instance . 
  thank you for bringing this to our attention , and we 're happy that you know now where the message moderators button is :p, 
  indeed , and you might also like to know that he is no longer a moderator with us . 
  like i say , all part of the modernisation/professionalisation process . 
  each moderation team is different and responds to mod mail in different ways . 
  quite frankly i 'm appalled by a lot of the mod mail i see posted to places like / r/conspiracy and / r/subredditdrama because it 's often very rude . 
  but i 'm happy that / r/europe is very very rarely in that category . 
  we 've been in the process of modernising the way we moderate , and that is reflected by the increasingly professional way we answer mod mail . 
  if you have a problem or a query then i invite you to message the / r/europe moderators and ask us about it, 
  french food . 
  hands down . 
  nothing quite has that * je ne sais quoi * thread 's over guys . 
  come on , let 's leave . 
  heh it looks like myself and / u/theskynet have morphed into one person  we 'll get you a response asap, 
  thanks , seeing as you 've offered and i know 40 % of users only read headlines and wo n't get to our discussion here , ill delist . 
  if you want it relisted simply say so and it will be done, 
  i 'd like to discuss it with the moderator who made the decision first in order to understand what their reasoning was . 
  i 'm not going to give an opinion on the matter until i am in full position of all the facts . 
  we 're supposed to be impartial , yes , and we try to be . 
  however sometimes individual mods make partial decisions which is why , when there is a controversial decision , such as this one , we call a mod vote , like we 're doing now . 
  we 're all just random people who do this in our spare time for the love of the community and interest in europe . 
  i think you absolutely have a right to shine a light on it and i encourage you to do so . 
  however , i think it would be much quicker for the op to have sent a pm first because that would have solved the issue a lot quicker . 
  just like to point out that you can send us a pm by putting / r/europe in the address field instead if making a discussion post . 
  we respond to pms instantly where as with submissions like this one it takes us ages to notice it . 
  anyhow , i 'm bringing this to the attention of the other mods in the back room to discuss it . 
  a north of the wall-er who 's using a british flag ? 
  that 's a first, 
  commenting is indeed the ideal way to bring attention to things . 
  the comment sections is heavily partisan , where as the title and what it links to should always be specifically the linked website 's content , as they display it . 
  you 'll find similarly arbitrary rules wherever you go . 
  the world is filled with them , because they 're not actually arbitrary . 
  yeah it seems stupid from your perspective , i can sympathise with that , but we 've tried other alternatives and the problems they cause are far greater than their benefits . 
  if we find a better compromise then we 'll try it , but as it stands this is the best method we 've come up with . 
  sorry but that 's the way the world is . 
  we hve to have a very strict stance on editorialising because selective quote picking is a form of editorialising . 
  however , we are moderators and not able to make such judgements because we 're partial figures . 
  otherwise we 'd make exceptions for some users and submissions which would n't be made for others and the whole system falls apart . 
  we need very strict , black and white , rule for what is and is not editorialising . 
  if you read the rules section you 'll find the same thing . 
  yes , this submission has been de listed . 
  you can resubmit it with the article 's title . 
  sorry but those are the rules . 
  i wish we could allow title changes , but we ca n't . 
  sorry , but truc is correct . 
  you 've got to use the title that the article uses , rather than selectively choosing quotes . 
  yeah that 's one of the good things about proportional representation . 
  in the south west loads of people voted labour in the 2015 general election , but there 's only one labout mp there because of the bad voting system . 
  because it 's a proportional voting system , all of those tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of green and labour votes actuall translate into real seats . 
  are there any polish people here ? 
  i stayed with a polish family whilst in german exchange trip and the son ( who was about 16/17 at the time ! ), 
  would kiss his father on the lips by way of saying good night .
