  i do n't think i said that nobody should have children . 
  i do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  i said it was wrong to be cruel to them ( by beating them , removing body parts , ect ) . 
  no , but i put my dog under anaesthetic before neutering it and i would n't remove all of his teeth and claws , nor would i beat him . 
  would you remove the teeth of your infant child and beat it so that it can perform low grade circus tricks ? 
  or immigration from predominantly muslim countries with christian minorities . 
  for instance , 9 % of the egyptian population is christian and just as likely to emigrate as the rest of the country . 
  edit : just found a much better example . 
  nigeria ( one of the most populous countries in africa ) is 48 % christian and there 's at least 150,000 of them in the uk , setting in a lot of the areas / u/brichals identified . 
  surely rotterdam et al would continue to dock the transatlantic vessels like they currently do ? 
  i know that portugal is technically closer if you 're travelling form panama , * but * the convenience of docking at an already well established port with good rail and air connections , would surely outweigh the benefits of shaving a couple from travelling to an ever so slightly closer port in portugal ? 
  i do n't imagine that there is enough rail capacity for most of europe 's chinese and american imports to make it from portugal to eastern or central europe . 
  it 's pretty difficult to travel through the pyrenees . 
  are you talking about panama as in the panama canal in central america ? 
  how would that effect sines , in portugal ? 
  well , this does apply to huge numbers of non german europeans . 
  i mean , i , as a british european , find it relevant and it could potentially affect my life, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i mean , there really are n't many radical islamists as a percentage of the muslim population ( at least in europe ) . 
  last time i checked the statistics , the number of fighters sent from eu countries to support isil was in the hundreds ( per country ) . 
  it 's probably gone into the thousands since , but that 's still not many people and i could easily imagine a lot of them just being people with mental health issues or who are converts who needed something to believe , but were unfortunately taught the more extreme stuff . 
  to be fair , some of the actions which are being taken by governments against their own citizens who support is is pretty authoritarian in my opinion . 
  for instance , uk home secretary ( minister of the interior ) recently acquired the power to remove people 's british citizenship even if it makes them `` stateless '' . 
  it 's illegal under un conventions that citizens be made stateless . 
  you can call me old fashioned , but i 'm one of those people who think that you should always be protected by human rights . 
  because they 're rights . 
  i do n't care if you support is . 
  you 're still human and you deserve to be protected . 
  you deserve to be punished too , but there 's a limit . 
  removing your citizenship serves no purpose for the state , other than breaching the human rights of the individual . 
  iirc the guys who cut of that soldier 's head in london were both converts . 
  anecdotal , i know , but the amount of muslims who actually commit religiously motivated acts of hate are so few that any evidence is only ever going to be anecdotal . 
  however , the last government we had which was a coalition is currently on going, 
  but that largely ignores consumer 's ability to `` vote with their feet '' and go elsewhere . 
  bidding for a franchise every five years is n't good enough in an open market . 
  it allows them years to neglect and run the service into the ground , and at the end of the day , they only have to negotiate with the government , and not the people who actually use the railways . 
  the system is broken . 
  some is somewhat how i feel about on going and important political issues like this . 
  they should be discussed regularly because they are constantly changing and evolving and so are people 's opinions . 
  yeah , i 'll always be more impressed by someone who speaks several languages and has to use them for something important rather than someone who just claims to be able to , but does n't use them for anything . 
  if you actually use them , it shows you 're willing to put your money with you mouth is and actually risk embarrassing yourself . 
  it shows confident which an alleged polyglot does n't necessarily have, 
   would you rather have a photograph to see what color a flower is or would you prefer two people shouting red/blue from two sides . 
  the balanced answer will tell you it 's purple while it may actually be green . 
   the same tactics are used to discredit climate-scientists even though there is extremely deliberate method from hypothesis to theory to eventual consensus with observable evidence ah , this is good . 
  i know what sort of objectivity you 're talking about know . 
  you 're perhaps thinking of that the dailyshow thing where a ` balanced argument ' is usually presented with one climate scientist who believes in global warming and one crazy person who does n't , but this makes it appear as an open question , when in fact the overwhelming majority of scientific opinion is against it . 
  so then the host for the dailyshow on that day got 99 extra climate scientists to come out and stand next to the one climate denier . 
  now , when this is talking about science , i somewhat agree with the presenter . 
  there are objective `` rights '' and objective `` wrongs '' [ well , actually i do n't , because [ descartes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rationalism#ren.c3.a9_descartes_.281596.e2.80.931650.29 ) , but let 's not get too philosophical ] but my speciality is in politics [ and languages ] and as such , i think there are a lot of questions which have no right and wrong answer . 
  for instance , if i asked you the questions `` why should you be moral ? '', 
  or `` does the prosperity of the many justify suffering of the few ? '', 
  there 's no * objective * answer to any of these moral questions . 
  and i consider most issues of politics to be merely * informed * by the factual ( i.e. 
  scientific ) which * can * prove things , but then people have to make moral decisions using them , and these moral decisions have no right or wrong answers . 
  i agree , that climate change should be reported with less balance , because there 's quite clearly correct and incorrect . 
  for instance , when the minuscule number of people who thought that there should be a recount of the scottish referendum votes were given virtually zero air time , i thought that was good . 
  it was just quite plainly wrong and did n't deserve to be taken seriously . 
  however , the issue over ukip is much more complex and is a deeply political issue , which is why you can strive for only for balance . 
  obviously balance is imperfect , but it is a rule which you can stick to that generally yields good results . 
  if you were a journalist and you tried to portray a particular stance as * objectively correct * you 'd lose your job ( unless you work at a shit paper ) . 
  i 've argued for why i do n't think objective is a good qualifier in a different comment , but i 'm not quite sure i understand what you 're saying . 
  you seem to be saying that if a journalist puts forward a completely one sided point of view , that it can be objective , but a reporter who shows you an array of different material from different sides is somehow not objective , because they 're balanced ? 
  i do n't think objectivity is possible , but most people i 've talked to have believed that if you 're objective , you 're also balanced . 
  the two go hand in hand . 
  balanced does n't mean you give them equal screen time ( that 's certainly not the case int he original post ) but it means you 're at least shown both sides of the argument . 
  surely if you 're given even an objective piece of reporting which only shows you one side of the argument , that is still subpar because you are not really being given a chance to understand the wider context or any sort of criticism of these ideas . 
  what 's wrong with balance ? 
  that 's all nice in theory , but the phrase `` objective '' [ and even `` impartial , to a lesser extent ] leaves an equally bad taste in my mouth because objectivity is impossible . 
  objectivity is what one strives for , but you can never get there so i 'll never call something objective . 
  the best praise i can give you is `` balance '' or `` comprehensive and faire '' . 
  not all things were created equal , but we ca n't know which is better and which is worse , which is why i like to see both sides ( or however many sides ) be sat down , and allowed to battle it out . 
  rather than the journalism trying to portray an objectivity , which is only a veneer for their own partiality [ lack of objectivity ] . 
  i knew there was a reason your name has a bright green '' [ +116 ] '' above it  i am biased though , however when i see a circlejerk getting out of hand i will counter jerk like you would n't believe !, 
  i 've been known to argue on vehemtly behalf of putin and american laws on guns and healthcare and even the bnp just to ensure that people hate these things for the right reasons !, 
  i think it 's slightly more pro-ukip than anti-ukip , simply because pro-kippers get more screen time , but then it 's a documentary about ukip so it would n't make sense not to give them most of the screen time . 
  but mostly i found it a pretty impartial overview of the situation . 
  now , keep in mind that i am saying this as somebody who is a confessed arch-federalist  if you want proof , just [ look at some of the posts i 've made in the post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/22syq6/branch_chairman_for_ukip_i_just_wish_they_would/cgq6edn ) ( or the flair i ware in subreddits that i 've said such things in ) . 
  out of curiosity , what kind of qualifier would you put in front of a documentary to assure people of its quality ? 
  documentaries are supposed to be balanced , which i think it is , which is why i said it . 
  i could hardly say `` documentary which bends the facts in order to demonstrate why i 'm right and other people are wrong '' . 
  even as the arch federalist that i am , i think that there 's a lot of bad reporting about ukip . 
  they 're not * quite * as evil as people make them out to be , and they deserve to be criticised based on their own merits ( or lack there of ) which is why i am against the blatant misreporting of them , and why i like documentaries such as this one , which pain them in a balanced light . 
  edit : btw , if you do n't know much about ukip , why do n't you watch the documentary ? 
  i 'm quite well informed and i found it pretty enjoyable to watch . 
  the thing which usually puts the uk average up , is people moving from aboard who speak the langauge of their previous country , as well as english . 
  maybe this could push the dutch average up just a smidge ? 
  i mean , say you move from poland or greece to the netherlands , have a kid , put that kid in school . 
  that kid will speak greek/polish because of his parents , dutch because of his locale , and english + french/german because of school . 
  i went to an event in sweden and apart from my two ( british ) friends , the 3 luxembourgers were the only non-swedes there so naturally we bonded a bit . 
  but jesus christ did all three of them make us feel stupid , let alone all the swedes who were all speaking english :( whenever i tried to retort by speaking german ( or one of the other brits by speaking french ) a whole bunch of the swedes would just pipe up in those languages , and the luxembourgers in all three , at once . 
  we just could n't win !, 
  there 's ebola cases in europe ? 
  why was n't i informed of this :( i figured , following the media circus surrounding the first us ebola case , that there 'd be big news whenever it infiltrated a major sphere of western society . 
  was he ? 
  link [ please ] ? 
  it 's probably to do with who pays for them . 
  in a lot of eu countries the `` public broadcasters '' are paid for by the public and so it does n't make sense to allow people who have n't paid to get the service . 
  for instance , everybody who owns a tv and receives tv signals in the uk has to pay a licence fee , which funds all sorts of channels , mainly the bbc . 
  this means that whenever you go onto bbc iplayer ( their on demand tv website ) you have to tick a box to tell them that you have definitely , totally not lying , paid your licence fee .
