  we actually already have a gender neutral third person pronoun in english which is in common usage : they . 
  it 's incredibly useful and i 've written it in most of my reddit comments due to ambiguity over gender . 
  for instance , whilst op may think that having a gender neutral pronoun is ridiculously , * they * are wrong and it 's actually incredibly useful . 
  i highly recommend the wider use of the word ` they ' for this purpose, 
  it was ordinary , buying mansions type of rich , not their current , using hundred euro notes as napkins kind of rich . 
  i 'm always amazed by the numbers of people who know so much about weapons and planes and such like . 
  great to hear , but is there any more detail on this ? 
  the article itself is super short . 
  how are they gon na actually increase cooperation ? 
  what do they mean by eu policy sphere ? 
  i could be a mature student  european politics has always been what 's interested me . 
  in the uk , we 've basically been having the same arguments for the past 25 years , if not the past 70 . 
  i 'm not old enough to remember it all , but once i 'd read a few books on modern british history , the daily ins and outs of uk politics just feel very ` samey ' if you know what i mean ? 
  like , it 's constantly a debate between left of centre social democrats and right of centre conservative neoliberals . 
  and within the labour party it 's a constant battle between the social democrats ( like miliband , blair , wilson and attlee ) and the socialists ( like jeremy corbyn , foot and bevan ) . 
  the same thing 's 've been happening in the party since before the second world war . 
  with the conservatives it 's been a battle between neoliberals like thatcher and more moderate forces like cameron since 1975 ( thatcher became party leader ) , and arguably 1965 ( when heath became leader or the party ) . 
  once you 're aware of all these debates , and the key points within them , discussing the specifics of welfare reform just is n't that interesting . 
  it 's like constantly discussing world war two or the english reformation . 
  -- all that said , i do get very involved with politics in my area . 
  i 've even stood for election to the council . 
  it 's well worth doing to at least get involved with politics ( whether party based or issue based ) . 
  people do n't realise what a difference they can make in a democracy like ours , even with fptp . 
  it 's just that , when you 're already this involved irl , and you basically study politics full time , it 's a bit exhausting to do it on reddit too :p ( except for european union politics , which i just have a sweet spot for ) . 
  edit : also , never thought somebody would say that i do n't comment much about politics !, 
  that 's a first, 
  for those that do n't know , die welt is like a german daily telegraph . 
  very right wing , lots of grabby headlines and often a bit misleading . 
  also , owned by a media barron who uses his influence to effect german politics iirc ( just like murdoch in the uk ) . 
  it 's not the worst that 's out there , but it 's not great either . 
  it 's not just the experience of the uk . 
  the exact same thing happened in germany in 2013 . 
  fdp ( frehe demokratische partei ) ( members of the euro group alde ) had gone nto coalition with angela merkels cdu ( christische demokratische union ) . 
  then , when the next elections came in 2014 , the fdp got ` fast drei prozent ' / less than three percent , meaning they did n't get * any * seats in the parliament . 
  that 's a fate even worse than what the lib dems in the uk got . 
  at least the lib dems have 8 seats in parliament . 
  the fdp went from being members of the government to not even being in parliament, 
  politics undergraduate * conservativism : wanting things to stay as they are right now , politically and culturally . 
  no further eu integration , no new rights for minorities , no economic reforms . 
  key thinkers and proponents : edmund burke , aristotle , oakshott , angela merkel , margaret thatcher ( arguably ) , thomas hobbs . 
  * reactionaries : essentially \u00fcber conservatives who want things to * go back * to how they were before . 
  vladimir putin is a reactionary , as he wants russia to be returned to the greatness it had before the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  or e.g. 
  people who want homosexuals and ethnic minorities to be stripped of rights that they have been given in recent decades , or wanting to unwind the european project . 
  key thinkers and proponents : same as above , plus people like nigel farage , geert wilders , marine le pen and the golden dawn party . 
  basically people in the efdd and eln groups in the european parliament . 
  * liberals : individuals who think that the state should promote freedom . 
  on social policies , like gay marriages this generally means that the state should be neutral and not intervene . 
  key thinkers : john stuart mill , john locke , thomas pain . 
  in economic policy it 's more complicated because * progressive liberals believe that the state should have an active role in promoting freedom , especially economically . 
  this was based on the work of thinkers like t.h. 
  green , william beveridge and keynes who believe that without help from others , individuals can not become truly free . 
  for instance , the people need education to be free and arguably redistributive taxation to avoid poverty ( you ca n't be free if you 're starving ) . 
  this is generally what americans mean when they say liberal , although it ranges from the moderate form of barack obama to more extreme forms , such as ( arguably ) uk pm 1945-51 clement attlee who created the nhs and the welfare state . 
  most members of the s + d block are progressive liberals . 
  progressive liberalism was developed in opposition to * ( neo ) classical liberalism : basically , the middle ground between progressive liberalism and conservatism . 
  it believes that the state should stay out of people 's business all the time , whether social or economic and simple leave the free market alone in a laissez faire way , like we did before the 2008 great recession . 
  key thinkers : adam smith , von hayek , martin freeman , margaret thatcher ( sort of ) . 
  this is generally what europeans mean when they say liberal . 
  most european countries are a mixture of classical and progressive liberalism . 
  edit : put some of the key thinkers in the wrong box, 
  same reasons as people vote for the centre right in most countries : they 're almost nobody 's favourite , but they 're almost nobody 's least favourite either . 
  and when you start making the public scared , they start voting for the comfort blanket of the centre right , who 're quite often the `` natural party of government '' ( even if that reputation is underserved in many countries . 
  it flip flops . 
  there 's a lot of conservatives and reactionaries ( especially coming from eastern european countries like hungary and poland ) but there 's also a lot of liberals as you can see in threads about same sex marriage ( although there 's reactionaries in those threads too ) . 
  you do still get a lot of progressive liberals ( like myself ) but they 're harder to spot , because we do n't have a lot of hard-core discussion about welfare or economics on the sub . 
   switzerland gave its women right to vote only in ' 71 ... what the fuck ? 
  you may wan na put single/double quotes around it , so people know you 're referencing someone . 
   how have the police not caught these guys yet the article did not mention how long these attacks have been going on for . 
  for all we know , they 've only been happening in the last for days and they could n't have reasonably caught them in this time . 
  i 'll be surprised if they do n't catch them within the next few days and weeks . 
  is n't it cheaper to get a plane to schipol airport rather than a train from many schengen places ? 
  i know the uk is n't in schengen , but we do have a direct train route to amsterdam , but for me , it 's usually cheaper to fly . 
  if nobody else does , i 'll make a thread in a day or two , starting to get players for a civ v game . 
  do you have any recommendations for how to start it ? 
  things you would have done differently, 
  hmm ... 
  it 's almost impossible to prove something to be * untrue * . 
  the onus is on the person making the statement to positively prove that it * is * true . 
  i mean , i can say that ` there 's no proof giants do n't exist ' and i am correct . 
  however , * believing * because of this lack of evidence , that giants must in fact exist is quite plainly ridiculous . 
  if this were the case , then everything would be true , until proven false . 
  you need to positively proof that giants exist , not merely proof that there 's no evidence they do n't . 
  likewise , you must positively prove that daesh ( isis ) do hold that belief , not simply prove there 's no evidence that they do n't . 
   italy also does n't get involved in actual sustained combat operations where its troops are in the business of war in significant numbers . 
  -  almost all european nato nations have seen no sustained heavy infantry combat so neither italy , nor almost any other nato member ( except for the uk , usa and france ) participate in sustained combat regularly . 
  it just does n't seem like a noteworthy piece of information to say `` yeah , but italy does n't do x '' when most the rest of the world does n't do `` x '' either . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  it reminds me a lot of this [ jeremy kyle clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pr5ryhnytq ) where some guy had been locked by his girlfriend and hurt himself trying to escape , and the tv-host criticises the audience for laughing at the guy . 
  and quite right , too . 
  ants can get raped too you know !, 
  nobody thinks about the ants :(, 
  i think the ` assuming ' is a key part of this . 
  i do n't think either of us * really * know what we 're talking about :p it 's all hypotheticals , not real examples . 
  maybe a swede can step in and tell us a bit more about what this place is actually like ? 
  is it a hospital or what ? 
  i ca n't find any information in english, 
   but i 'm really not an expert they said ... after just recounting that they read various regular publications about the quality of wine and have connections in the area in order to adequately locate wine . 
  if you 're not an expert , i 'm terrified of what a real expert looks like . 
  that is definitely true of men too and i tried to write my comment to reflect that .
