   there is democratic deficit at european level politics this one gets tritted around a lot , but i do n't really see it . 
  the amount of democratic legitimacy the eu itself has is pretty directly proportional to how much power it has . 
  i mean , if you look at how much power the eu has acquired over time , the amount of democratic elements and the power of those elements has increased significantly . 
  and lets not forget , that ultimately , the leaders of national governments are in control and so the * entire european project * derives huge levels of democratic legitimacy from them . 
  as european leaders give more power to the european union ( which has historically been the trend for the last 60 years ) , the eu loses a tiny bit of legitimacy because it is no longer deriving it from the national governments , so in order to counter balance that , the eu creates twice as much democracy as was derived from the member states . 
  i think , looking at this from the perspective of a blue collar worker , or someone who is lowly qualified and in the service industry ( and i do not say english because these arguments apply to a lot of different countries ) , there are two strands to the pro-eu argument that i would pick up on . 
  obviously there are benefits to you which do * not * concern you being working class ( such as environmentalism , space , consumer protection and reduced trade barriers which are areas the eu has a huge positive influence in and much more besides ) and this is often enough to make people pro-eu on its own , but you will hear these arguments elsewhere ( and i have written such arguments elsewhere ) . 
  the two strands i think you have to consider is firstly and quite obviously , the role the eu plays in ensuring you rights that you would not otherwise have . 
  the big thing i am going to point out is [ the eu working time directive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_time_directive ) which ensures that you can not be worked to death for 13 hours everyday by your employer and that you have to be given breaks . 
  if employers were allowed to do this it would lead to a race to the bottom where the working class get fucked over because they need money to live and so get forced into jobs with awful hours because otherwise someone more desperate will come along and take the job and you 're left with no work . 
  there 's also some things in the [ european convention on human rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights ) which protect employees . 
  for instance , the right to freedom from discrimination . 
  obviously , the european convention and the european union are different , but the european union demands that each of its members has ratified and complies with the european convention and if the uk broke with the echr , ( which many conservatives want to , including teresa may , second most powerful person in the country after only david cameron and i think cameron has also made murmurs in that direction ) then the uk would be banished from the eu , meaning the eu is ensuring your right to freedom from discrimination , and other things . 
  however , time for the second strand of the argument , the eu also does many things which are * ostensibly * damaging to the working classes in [ rich ] western european countries . 
  what i am talking about , of course , is eu migrants moving from [ poor ] eastern european countries and into western european ones , and depressing wages for manual and service jobs . 
  this is one of the main ukip issues . 
  but the thing is , the immigration problem , as well as many other problems , are not really problems with the eu , but problems of our time . 
  they are problems of globalisation . 
  now , globalisation brings problems such as high movement of people from a variety of regions , but in the modern world this large level of movement is not something which can be stopped without making * huge * economic sacrifices which * will * hurt is in the gdp and ultimately make the working classes poorer than they would have been , had this movement of labour continued . 
  we ca n't shut out economies off anymore . 
  they need to be opened up , or face stagnation of economic growth and living standards and maybe even recessions . 
  so , nigel farage and such like are effectively arguing for an untenable position , and they know this . 
  this is why they do n't argue for leaving the european project * completely * . 
  they argue to stay in the european economic area like norway , iceland and switzerland are , but the problem * then * is that most of the problems of globalisation are still biting at our ankles but we no longer have the worker protection that i talked about in the first strand of the argument , like echr stuff ( because we 'll opt straight out of that ) and the working time directive , as well as many other examples ( i only pick on those two specifically because they are big pieces of legislation which are easy to understand , a lot of the really beneficial stuff is hidden in the small print of complex documents ) . 
  so , there are some good examples of the eu 's work protection , but there is also not much of a viable alternative to the problems mr farage and the euskeptics talk about . 
  xpost from / r/unitedkingdom , / r/ukpolitics and / r/scotland . 
  i have no idea which one of them found it first . 
  you know , like a big socialist sponge bath of equality, 
  and ppp , not nominal , is what matters to the person on the ground trying to carve out a life for themself , and given that we 're talking about wages ( which multi nationals do n't receive ) then it would make sense to talk about individuals trying to make a life , rather than companies . 
  it 's probably just quite easy to remember . 
   less productive than , well , just about anything else i 've got to ask , what sort of classes were you taking ? 
  i 've found most of mine to be incredibly speedy , unstressful and often relaxing . 
  i do n't think this is entirely to do with my mental disposition ( although i know it plays a role , being the philomathic glossophile that i am ) . 
  i 've never find a * typical * classroom environment to be particularly conducive to good learning either . 
  my evening classes in french ( which i would consider * non * - typical classes ) are always much more productive than the german classes i took in school for as-level . 
  maybe this has something to do with it ? 
  just a thought . 
  it 'd be terrible if you were put off learning languages because of being taught on the wrong ways . 
   i and , let 's be honest , most people do little more than scratch the surface of english language culture ( especially if you move beyond modern culture ) so i doubt that this would serve as a major benefit for your average language learner . 
  generally one would start with the `` low hanging fruit '' i kind of agree with you insofar as there is a lot of english speaking culture to explore , from england to texas , to new zealand to scotland to africa * but * there is a * reason * all of these people speak english , and that 's because they share a history and they share the majority of their cultural roots . 
  the cultures are different , but not very diverse , where as german history is * entirely * different and comes at things from an entirely different angle . 
  same for french . 
  i think us anglophones tend to never really appreciate the full depth of the world around us . 
  for instance , i recently stayed with a german family in voralberg on the bodensee in austria . 
  i spoke german with them and felt genuinely a part of their culture ( something i have never felt before ) and was stunning . 
  i would have been unable to feel something quite like that or something quite so interesting in the anglophone world . 
  i 've visited tourist attractions all over europe and talked to locals in english , but it was something entirely different to understand it . 
  so the english speaking world is certainly low hanging fruit , but it 's like a lot of low hanging apples . 
  all pretty similar . 
  not much variety . 
  if you reach higher , you could reach oranges , blood oranges , grapes , pirogi , pretzels , curry , chocolate . 
  i do n't think i would be content my whole life just eating apples . 
  maybe i could reach up and feel a some of the more interesting foots , but i will never be able to bite into them and have the real experiences , the real pleasures , until i put in the effort . 
  the way i look at it , each day i have a certain amount of mental capacity i can spend ( let 's say , 1000 points per day ) . 
  i use up 500 points of that during the working day , mostly on reading and problem solving , but also other personal tasks . 
  for instance , reading an economics book ( like the undercover economist , which i just finished and highly recommend ) which would take about 250 mental capital points per hour . 
  i could read a newspaper which would take 200 per and then watch kahne academy for 20 minutes and use up my last mental capital ( 50 points ) . 
  then i go watch some tv or whatever and do my best impression of a potato . 
  but then something strange happens , which is i put my laptop on my lap ( of all places ! ), 
  whilst watching tv and grind vocabulary on memrise.com and somehow this is n't tiring , * in the same way * . 
  that 's because , i find , most language learning related tasks do not require the * same mental capital * as more active tasks . 
  for instance , learning grammar and reading a history of modern britain by andrew mar ( also a good book , if you 're into british politics ) take money from the same reserve , but if i grind vocabulary it takes from the same reserve as doing mindless work ( filling in a questionnaire , doing the weekly shop , whatever ) . 
  furthermore , the tv i am watching is also in french with and has french subtitles and i am using this mental exercise to recharge my replenish my mental reserves of hard mental capital for reading books , newspapers and learning complex grammar . 
  the fundamental thing for me , is that i have plenty of time but only so much mental energy that i feel comfortable using . 
  however , i 've also noticed that i have different kinds of mental energy that i can use for different tasks . 
  so time spend grinding vocabulary , is not using up any resource ( either time itself , or mental capital ) which could have been deployed anywhere else , or at least anywhere else at a better level of efficiency . 
  and it goes without saying , that you can do a lot of tasks which do not deplete any of your assets , such as watching foreign tv ( which you can do whilst you relax , and recharge your mental capital ) . 
  and also it goes without saying that i do n't think languages should be victim of a simple , and i would say naive , cost/benefit analysis test , because languages are more than simply a tool . 
  for instance , i gain no specific economic advantage by reading nineteen eighty four ^ ( also a good book ) or war and peace but you become a more enriched person for undertaking such a challenge and you become a more developed human being . 
  languages are similar . 
  they open a door to a new culture ( sometimes , cultures ) which you would not otherwise be able to experience and invite you in and make you more enriched for understanding this new world . 
  language 's greatest weakness is that it also has economic advantages , and we people mistake its economic advantages as being the primary motivation , when in fact any pursuit of language should be much more personal . 
  i 'd say the pay off is pretty significant . 
  i mean , you get to genuinely experience an entirely new culture and have increased employment prospects , as well as access to all sorts of new media ( newspapers , movies , literature ) . 
  and those 300/400 ( or more ) hours are usually spread out over a few years , so the work load is n't that significant , especially if you kind of enjoy it ( which i and many others do ) . 
   i 'm no longer interested in learning another language :'(, 
  and they are ? 
   in most schools here there 's a choice between german and russian for third language how many people pick russian , would you say ? 
  i speak english well , and i can also speak french , german and esperanto ( and soon spanish ) but all of them in increasing levels of awfulness . 
  you might want to actually signify that by saying `` edit '' and then putting the edits after that point , as is customary on reddit . 
  * but that to one side * the data you linked to makes the same mistake i was pointing out in the original comment with the map of wages adjusted for purchasing power parity ( ppp ) . 
  the data you link to is measuring absolute wealth , and is not taking into account regional differences in value and costs . 
  so , objectively , it 's still uncertain ( as are most things in economics ; it 's an incredibly imprecise field ) . 
  but you 're also really overplaying these statistics . 
  i mean , on several of them the eu 's third largest ( in terms of both gdp and population ) country ( the united kingdom ) comes ahead of the united states , and so does ireland on at least one . 
  furthermore , on many more lists the us only has a slight lead on many eu countries ( although some eu countries do , indeed , lag behind ) . 
  and yet still , you are entirely ignoring the things which those tax euros pay for . 
  for instance , an american will have to pay for their own healthcare using their wages ( or at least pay for the insurance ) but in the uk and many other european countries that money is taxed immediately to pay for those services , making the eu tax burden look excessive ( which , given the services it provides , it really is n't ) . 
  so i would * really * contest your claim that i am `` objectively wrong '' about wages in the eu being equal in value to wages in america or higher . 
  there 's lots of things it does n't take into account , but it demonstrates * at the very least * that your assertion ( `` us wages are way higher than in europe . 
  they 're higher than northern/western europe too , by a considerable margin . '' ), 
  is probably inaccurate . 
  even if us wages are higher ( which are seriously doubt after price value fluctuations are taken into account ) then there will be * very little * to distinguish it by . 
  us and eu wages are pretty similar and if anything eu wages are higher . 
   [ us wages are way higher than in europe . 
  they 're higher than northern/western europe too , by a considerable margin . ], 
  [ that 's actually not quite true if you adjust for living standards , which this info-graph attempts to do by using ppp , even if it is not perfect ] ( http://thumbnails.visually.netdna-cdn.com/real-hourly-minimum-wages-around-the-world_52263c18182b6_w1500.png ) . 
   24 % of all the eu population ( over 120 million people ) , are at risk of poverty or social exclusion this is hardly note worthy when you keep in mind how the eu measures poverty . 
  in europe , the poor are those whose income falls below 60 % of the median . 
  so if you placed everybody in the eu in a line , ordered them according to income , and then picked the person in the middle * and then * 60 % of the way down the line , everybody beyond that point is technically in poverty .
