  not too severe , but nobody likes de gaulle . 
  the uk would , and did , get into the european community as soon as de gaulle left office . 
  he was only in office for ten years . 
  yes a lot of change to the european union happened between 1959-69 , but not enough to significantly change the direction of the eu . 
  yes . 
  the eu would have been slightly better . 
  the uk is and always has been a core european power . 
  it had a lot to give to the early european project and its goals of post war reconciliation just as much as the rest . 
  perhaps if we had joined from the start , euroscepticism would n't be quite so much of an ` us and them ' scenario as it is now . 
  instead it might be `` us and us on the continent ' . 
  the uk 's commitment to free market capitalism has always aided the european project by ensuring that appropriate reforms are initiated and supported . 
  this could have been just as useful in the beginning as it is now and in recent times . 
  it just feels like the `` occasionally '' means that you believe that the eu more often than not is n't doing anything . 
  i just wanted to point out that there 's a lot of things about the eu which are ongoing and consistently benefit eu citizens and that it does this a little bit more often than ` occasionally ' . 
  i made a list of all the positives i could think of for a discussion about the eu i had earlier . 
  here are some benefits the eu brings to the uk * free trade with eu and efta countries which leads to economic growth and job creation * extra levels of democracy to supplement to the uk 's existing ones . 
  * international ` clout ' * protects workers ' rights ( e.g. 
  european working time directive ) * human rights ( e.g. 
  echr ) * ensures net neutrality * european space agency * right to live in any eu country * right to travel through europe with little or no borders * is one of the only major things ensuring democratic and economic reform in eastern europe ( e.g. 
  spain , portugal , slovenia , croatia , and every member of the former eastern bloc and is continuing to do say with the former yugoslavia and albania ) . 
  * european arrest warrant and other aspects of cooperation in the fields of policing * allows immigration into this country easily , in order to fill empty jobs ( such as nhs nurses ) that would be cost intensive to fill otherwise . 
  people can feel free to add new points that i have not thought of . 
  the thing is , laws regarding free speech on the internet are well defined but outdated . 
  the the internet has changed dramatically from ten years ago and is almost unrecognisable from 20 years ago . 
  the amount of people who use the interent has skyrocketed to the point where everybody in most european countries is expected to use it . 
  that in mind , we need to update our idea about what free speech on the internet is . 
  internet culture and society on the internet is fundamentally different to the way it functions in the real world . 
  compare the generation who grew up when digital cameras ( or even traditional cameras ) were common compared to the previous generation . 
  their families have been able to daunt them forever , but that 's no big deal . 
  it 's all between family . 
  the thing now is the immense damage that stupid , or even not that stupid things which you 've done as a child or even later on in your life can live with you forever in a way which they simply could n't before . 
  if you made the national newspapers one day before the internet you 'd be able to return to normal life next week . 
  in this internet world , you can expect that in if you made big news about something ( no matter what it is ) it will live with you forever . 
  now imagine that you 're the victim of a dm headline that you do n't deserve or that many newspapers have quoted the dm after it got sued for libel , and therefor the secondary reporters can not also be sued and therefor will keep their borderline liblus headlines up , on the internet , forever . 
  i do n't think people deserve to have their lives largely ruined in order to respect the free speech of a newspaper in every instance . 
  one of the major justifications for free speech is the free market of ideas . 
  i do n't see how defaming someone ( which is all that this new ecj ruling is concerned with ) could seriously effect that use of free speech . 
  additionally , you 've got to remember that the point of free speech is purely utilitarian , ie , that it is there to improve overall human happiness . 
  if free speech harms people in someway , and is not justified by the result , then surely such uses of free speech , like the one in question , should be prohibited . 
  we already have libel/defamation laws and laws against unnecessary offence ( you can get a small prison sentence for burning certain religious texts in certain areas , because it 's just kind of a dick move ) . 
  i do n't see why it should n't be modified further in the post internet age . 
  freedom of speech is not some kind of sacred cow that we 'll cherish for its own sake . 
  it serves a purpose and we should ensure that it fulfils that purpose . 
  edit : added paragraphs . 
  not really . 
  whilst we can change everything about the uk at the drop of a hat with a simple majority , we seldom do . 
  i can only think of four fundamental changes which took place since 1945 : creation of the nhs , the welfare state and the nationalisation of industry under clement attlee c1945-50 ; the privatisation of the aforementioned industries under thatcher c1980 ; the creation of devolved assemblies in wales , northern ireland and scotland under blair c. 1997 ; and finally the new privatisations under cameron cpresent . 
  nobody 's really in the business of suddenly changing how uk society works . 
  the governments at the moment tend to accept whatever the previous ones have done in offensive and not remove them without a * seriously large * electoral mandate . 
  or at least they wait a long time to see if it works and then undo it bit by bit . 
  but should that culture ever change , there 's nothing to stop us from changing things wildly from one election to another , but it would still need a majority and i do n't think british culture is going to change the point where people flip flop wildly from one extreme to the other in-between elections . 
  not really . 
  the british conservative party has the support of some racists and homophobes . 
  that does n't mean they are a homophobic or racist party . 
  they might well be a homophobic/racist party , but that 's not indicated by their support from such groups . 
  alternative evidence must be found . 
  hitler had hands ; conchita wurst had hands ; angel merkel has hands . 
  are russian colleges/universities of the same standard as elsewhere in europe ? 
  i know russian universities have always done very well in maths but that after 1980 most soviet academic types found work outside the former ussr . 
  any truth in all this ? 
  unwritten is a bad word for describing the uk constitution . 
  a better word is ` uncodified . 
  it 's correct to say that the uk does n't have a typical constitution , but it would be wrong to say that the uk does n't have one at all ; we do . 
  it 's just that the nature of it is much more complicated . 
  the most obvious source of the uk constitution is statute law . 
  you know , traditional acts of parliament . 
  but not all acts of parliament are considered part of the constitution . 
  only acts which effect inherent principles of uk governance are . 
  for instance , an act changing the amount of council tax would n't be considered part of the constitution but an act which , let 's say , prescribes that a sub national scottish parliament be created and that it have power over taxation and education , would be considered part of the constitution because such an act , and its associated consequences , have a significant impact on the nature of uk governance . 
  however there are other sources , which are arguably more important . 
  * tradition * the royal prerogative ( which some argue is part of tradition , but then you could argue that accepting statute law is simply part of tradition and that does n't help you explain much ) * interpretative works like erskine may which comment on the practices of governance . 
  * eu law , primarily the treaties . 
  the thing is , all of the above ( including statute law ) can be entirely altered by the next parliament . 
  most parliamentary democracies have what is known is ` parliamentary sovereignty ' whereby parliament is above all , but the uk takes this to an extreme where parliament is not only above all , but the * present * parliament is above all and no parliament in the past can bind a future one . 
  for instance france has complicated rules governing how the country is run which are difficult to unpick , where as in the uk we have no such rules . 
  we could pull out of the eu , start nuclear war , become the 51st state , reinstate slavery and revoke wales ' right to be a country all using a simple act of parliament , passed by a simple majority of  50 % i 'm not sure if this was particularly helpful . 
  it was a while since i did my as-level exam . 
  but here it is and i have written it now . 
  depends whether we 're talking about heroin needles or knives . 
  allow me a moment whilst i internalise this new sail-eating-sardinians stereotype . 
  do you eat sardines too ? 
  that stereotype would be much easier to memorise . 
  * head explodes *, 
  you can get addicted to anything , the question is whether it is a psychological addiction or a physiological one . 
  physiological addictions are the addictions one gets to certain substances that are considered to be ` real ' . 
  the substances one takes in order to get a physiological addiction have a * direct * impact upon the chemicals in the brain which control addiction . 
  psychological addictions are real addictions , but the substance which is being abused has no special qualities which enhance its ability to be addictive . 
  people have been known to become addicted to substances which have no direct physical impact on the body at all . 
  one can genuinely become addicted to the internet or video gaming , but only in a psychological , rather than physiological sense . 
  * that all in mind * , cannabis falls into the same catagory as video gaming and the internet . 
  the only problem is the culture which often comes into it and its relatively intense relaxation qualities , that can cause it to become an easy escape for those who live stressful lives , whilst developing a psychological addiction to the substance in the meanwhile . 
  just like to clarify , user / u/sdritchie is , in fact , not drunk but merely writing in the typical [ scots fashion ] ( http://sco.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_inglis ), 
  i put my bet on 142 % , and for the result to appear ten minutes before polls closed, 
  he 's reasonable when you compare with relatively similar people . 
  if you were less kind and compared him to far right and left wingers in canada and western europe he 'd rightly be considered at worst an idiot, 
  hm , maybe but not really . 
  the european parliamentary elections use closed list systems which go a long way to eliminating wasted votes . 
  the auxiliary eurosceptic parties seldom make enough between them to have earned ukip an extra mep, 
  bnp still have some meps . 
  i think it 's two : nick griffin ( leader ) and some other guy who represents yorkshire and the humber ( where i live . _ .
