  they did almost the exact same thing , but only started playing it the right way to secure stability , new government , ect . 
  french might still do the same . 
  please , do n't say `` europhilliac '' again . 
  it 's too close to `` euro \u2022 phallic '' . 
  not trying to be political , my cards are hidden . 
  it just sounds bad , at least to my childish ears . 
  by repealing the european communities act . 
  some thing about seeing other english people just brings out the worst in us . 
  with the greeks being angry at swedes , or rather not being angry at swedes thing : i just kind of assumed people who 're doing less well tend to have any bad feelings towards those who 're doing , not necessarily through their own ingenuity , better amplified . 
  like i do n't feel anything bad about bill gates because there 's little to dislike ( giving billions to charity , ect ) where as some one who 's rich and has distasteful qualities i would n't normally mind i might irrationally dislike more than if they were n't doing so well , ect . 
  i might have had my theories on what people think wrong though . 
  hmmmm , as a 17 year old with no summer plans and school only continuing until 2015 , is this actually a reasonable job to do ? 
  like , do you actually make a living off of it ? 
  if so , i 'd b rather interested in taking it up , if i 'm eligible . 
  crisis hit greeks would probably feel a little irritated by them in a `` oh look at that snob in his yacht '' sort of way . 
  however it 's benefitting their country economically to have a load of swedes there . 
  it 'd be better to have greeks entertaining the swedes on an economic stand point , but they 're still getting gains from having swedes entertain swedes . 
  so , they 'd feel a bit angry , but probably know it 's mildly good for them . 
  [ this could be a meme , maybe ] ( http://dl.dropbox.com/u/97459699/tony%20blair%20looking%20terrifying.jpg ), 
  [ this gave me the shivers when i clicked ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/images/image-453533-breitwandaufmacher-sgec.jpg ), 
  i think some people with a strictly european focus are interested . 
  over half the reason i 'm watching this unfold is because i want to see how well france maintains this and the implications of how well france does . 
  seems quite eurocentric to me . 
  there are other angles to the story too though . 
  that 's what normally happens when the insurgents are hell bent on dominating some where , like in afghanistan . 
  i 'm unsure that 'll happen here . 
  there 's a good chance i 'll be proven wrong , but i think there 's a chance given that this group does n't have many well established links to the area it might just cut its losses and move else where . 
  that 's what i 'm crossing my fingers for any way . 
  a nice decisive end to a bloody conflict . 
  no ieds . 
  no unstoppable insurgence , just them gtfo and leaving the place pretty much how they found it , except for the ancient manuscripts . 
  i 'm not sure that europe really would n't have been able in libya . 
  we ran out of tomahawks and we used * a lot * of american equipment . 
  * however * ^ ( love that word ) that does n't mean we would n't have been able to complete the campaign by our selves . 
  without american support , we would not have been able to use tomahawk strikes in the way we did . 
  so we would n't have used tomahawk strikes , or we would have used some thing different . 
  we used american equipment for mid flight refuelling . 
  if we did n't have that aid , we would have had to make shorter flights with less refuels . 
  they 're all compromises which could have been made , but seeing as we had american support we did n't make them . 
  the us army is a brutally effective machine . 
  there 's no denying that . 
  however just because a conflict is n't done in a way that mirrors the american led conflicts , does n't mean it is being done wrong . 
  just because western forces use american equipment and american soldiers does n't mean they need them for the conflict to have been a success . 
  i 'm not saying definitively that we would have won that conflict . 
  there are far too many variables for even an expert to say for certain , but i think we would n't have struggled as much as people might think . 
  the conflict would not have been nearly as decisive any where near as quick without american support . 
  the conflict would have been much more expensive due to having less efficient machines and technologies . 
  ect . 
  that 's my take on the conflict . 
  there 's nothing to be correct about . 
  he 's simply stating that he thinks every one he was arguing with that day was completely ignorant of europe 's passed which is also untrue as he was arguing with virtually every one in the thread who held a whole plethora of views . 
  sorry , i 'm gon na be that guy  h. of w *** h *** ales should be  h. of wales as in the constituent country of the uk wales . 
  anyway , yeah . 
  he really seems to disapprove of most of his royal stuff , which i quite like . 
  i think i 've ether at some point mis read myself or had some one else tell me the succession/death thing due to this  for charles ' brother to become king , charles , william , and harry would all have to die ( and will 's kid if the baby is born before this tragic occurrence ) i 'm usually much better read on this subject but , well , kind of embarrassed myself here and plundered any reputation i might have . 
  thanks for spotting the misinformation . 
  better it come to light here than in a face to face encounter or something . 
  i 'll go back and re-read all the monarchy stuff and be more lenient about what sources i use . 
  i would n't exactly call those places stable . 
  omfg  but somebody should 've told those idiots that realpolitiks does n't give a fuck about that . 
  now reality is hitting them hard . 
  you 're so fucking arrogant . 
  this is why no one likes americans . 
  anyway i believe i was one of the ones arguing with you in that very thread as i seem to have tagged you with a pro-global-us-police thing . 
  do n't cheer yourself too much . 
  this is not a european news source pushing this forward so it could be just as blinded as you . 
   `` slate is published by the slate group , a division of the washington post company '' seeing as you obviously enjoyed this story so much it 's obviously a story americans want to hear which means a journalist wants to make it , whether it 's true or not . 
  anyway , it does n't even advocate many of your points . 
  it only advocates the one which says europe will or should become the next super power . 
  it says nothing about russia still having a soviet era mindset or any of the other stuff . 
  in conclusion , do n't take what i said about `` no one likes americans '' too seriously . 
  people do like americans and it 's not for us to make generalisations , but i wanted to get the point home that you 're really not making your country look too great here and you 're kind of pissing every one off in this * european * subbreddit . 
  there 's a much nicer way you could have said every thing rather than trying to get under every one 's skin , and you could have looked into it a little deeper rather than going * `` one news article supports my views . 
  i is right . 
  i knews it '' * . 
  ect . 
  i was about to quote the exact same paragraph . 
  had it cmd c-ed and everything . 
  i think there 's some suspicion in america and specifically the america press that europe is completely incompetent . 
  there was a thread a few weeks/months ago where an america nato general said that the uk should basically spend more on defence , to which all the europeans came out and said `` oh no we fucking should n't . 
  you 're not a good role model . '', 
  to which lots of people with little american flags as their flairs came out and basically defended the typical american policy of giving foreign countries more democracy ( ok i 'm being a little harsh , but you get the idea ) . 
  part of their reason for defending these policies was that europe some how could n't handle libya at all ( that seemed to be the clincher for them ) and yet from what i received in the british media we handled it excellently . 
  it looked like it went down in a text book fashion . 
  yeah , there seems to be some thing big in the american media saying that we could n't have handled it . 
  i do n't get that . 
  i do n't get it at all . 
  it 's very interesting the kind of affect that western intervention has now . 
  even one of the more minor big militaries of the west intervening in a foreign country can reduce the enemy to complete retreat in just two weeks . 
  this being an enemy that the government of an entire african country ( however incompetent ) could n't even be fight and win against . 
  it 's also very interesting how much media attention it 's gotten . 
  it 's definitely getting media attention and every one is aware of it , but people generally are watching with mild interest . 
  it 's not really very important . 
  i 'm not saying people should pay more attention , i just think it 's very interesting how trivial ( or not ) determining the outcome of a civil war is to us . 
  it is n't exactly uncommon , which is also interesting . 
  well i think they 're both pretty princely and charming . 
  but for me it 's always been harry . 
  william has the job of being the one who has to not have an opinion on anything so comes of kind of dry , where as harry says what he likes and does what he likes whilst still coming off as , well kind of charming and loveable and just a real * guy * . 
  [ and just look at him ] ( http://cdn01.cdn.justjared.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/harry-swimming/prince-harry-paralympics-swimming-spectator-38.jpg ), 
  that turns out to be untrue , but this news has only been out for a week or two .
