  i could just as easily print out a a right sector badge and stick it to some vaguely military seeming jackets i own . 
  it 's not exactly proof . 
  all you 've shown me is a picture of some guy wearing army uniform and another one of potentially the same guy doing a siegheil . 
  a ) wo n't work because you 're using your reddit name . 
  b ) wo n't work because it also comes down to you using your reddit name ( because you is still you that is alleging the right sector account is real ) . 
  you know full well both of these things . 
  i get the feeling you 're just trying to cause trouble and get under our skin . 
  if you do n't like our rules that 's fine , but i do expect you to respect them and if you 're just going to waste my time then i have better things to do . 
  that one is actually infringing a different rule than the one you 're criticising it for . 
  and i have therefore delisted it . 
  please report these as you see them . 
  it has much more effective if we can catch them whilst they are on the front page . 
  submission removed for editorialising . 
  the only way that putting `` allegedly '' in the title would make it acceptable , is if you also included an individual or organisation of note who was actually alleging that all of this is authentic . 
  and i expect you to run it by the moderators first , because given your already apparent disregard for moderator decisions i expect you will just use this as a way to further subvert and undermine our rules and decisions . 
   i 've provided evidence of a right sector soldier saying that it is their pow soon to be exchanged , provided evidence that it 's ukrainian volunteer ducttape , this is proof . 
  no you have n't . 
  you provided me with a link to a facebook page , of which the authenticity thereof can not be verified . 
   this type of censorship is quite shocking . 
  i see it as simply ensuring basic standards of evidence before allowing something to go out to an audience of 330,000 people on this subreddit . 
  you might feel as though random facebook page is a worthy source for yourself , but it is not worthy source for the rest of us here , which is why facebook links have never been allowed here . 
  if you can find a news reputable news agency reporting on this story and granting this story authenticity then i will allow it , but with the evidence you have given us at this time it is insufficient . 
  this has been removed , for exactly the same reasons as last time . 
  please do not try and skirt around moderator decisions . 
  if you feel as though something is unjust you can bring it up to us and we will try and explain it to you , as i have been doing in the other thread . 
  if you post this article again , despite your express knowledge that we have explicitly removed it , we will follow up with a week long ban for blatantly disregarding the rules of the subreddit . 
  do you have any evidence of us actually acting in an impartial way as regards the ukraine conflict ? 
  if you do , please show it to me so we can rectify this mistake . 
  i can assure you that there is a diverse array of opinions on the ukraine conflict in the mod team and we all criticise each other whenever we believe that one of us has potentially applied a rule incorrectly . 
  we 're all in agreement here that this submission does need meet the burden of proof required . 
  if you see any submissions from either political stand point on the ukraine crisis , or any other issue , which has dubious authenticity , please report it so a moderator can determine if it needs to be removed or not . 
   so you are deleting it because of the chance it could have been fake yes . 
  on this subreddit something must be actively provable in order for it to stay . 
  it can not merely be ` potentially correct ' . 
  it 's either proved to be true , proved to be false or we 're uncertain . 
  if it 's anything other than proven to be true , then it shall not be allowed , especially regarding this sensitive subject . 
  if you have seen submissions which you believe to be of dubious authenticity , then i implore you to report them as dubious so a moderator can look at it and determine if it should be removed or not . 
  occasionally some things do slip through the net which is why we are adding new moderators , but we need the community still to help us weed out dubious content , no matter what its political stand point . 
   the duct tape has the logo of ukrainian volunteer organization \u041d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434\u043d\u0438\u0439 \u0442\u0438\u043b which could extremely easily have been faked . 
   https://www.facebook.com/yashka.tsygankov/posts/1628265900742019?pnref=story[1] admits they are a pow waiting to be exchanged . 
  i have no way of verifying how legitimate * that * organisation is . 
  the facebook page itself seems incredibly skeptical . 
  this has been removed for being unverified . 
  the evidence just is n't there that these are ukrainian prisoners of war . 
  given the large degree of information warfare going on , we 've got to ensure the highest standards of proof here . 
  in the uk we have these special purpose built felt boxes with a zip on top where the vote goes in . 
  some of them are even more secure than that , [ such as this one ] ( http://i2.walesonline.co.uk/incoming/article7211601.ece/alternates/s615/ballot-box.jpg ) . 
  putting it in a bin or any non-purpose-built item would just feel * really * weird to me . 
  he 'll be shanking angela merkel with a shiv before we know it . 
  well , he is luxembourgish and therefore french . 
  french never understood the concept of personal space . 
  otherwise they 'd have backed off and given us our personal space of calais back, 
  few argue for a completely free market , but that does n't stop a lot of people criticising any market intervention as , well , ` intervention in the free market ' as of that proves its bad . 
  that 's what this company is doing . 
  it 's essentially an * implied * believe in free market fundamentalism , and we should stand up and point out how stupid the ' but that 's intervention in the free market ' line is whenever we see it . 
  the germans have already won , it 's over . 
  this has been delisted . 
  this is not a sub for war porn . 
  / u/doncuneo would you plead stop spamming us with content you know we 're going to remove . 
  the least you could do is message the mods before you post stuff you know is borderline . 
  rule 2.6 . 
  there 's already a near identical article on the front page , so.unfortunately we 've had to delist this submission . 
  interesting that this is being posted by kiev post . 
  they normally get criticised because they seemingly ca n't say a bad word about the ukrainian side . 
  glad to see that 's not true, 
  i 've delisted your image because it does n't really fit with the source you 've provided here . 
  you can post this link if you.want with the title and it should.be fine, 
  this has been delisted until a source is provided . 
  either way the infrastructure ( be that in the form of boats , man power or detention centres ) is subpar and needs to be better funded . 
  if the eu combined its efforts and put it under central control we 'd be able to spend money more efficiently and creat system where more money goes to places that need it , such as detention centres and patrol boats at the borer crossing points . 
  that 's a good point and i should have provided some form of evidence my previous comment , but ill do that here instead seeing as i forgot before . 
  the uk press frequently reports on migrants attempting to cross the channel into the uk [ this was the first non dm link to come up ) [ http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/eurotunnel-traffic-disruptions-were-bonanza-calais-migrants-crossing-britain-1485301] but they are a constant fixture in the british media no matter what the political leanings of the paper . 
  seeing as the borders up to ( but not including ) the uk and the main migrant crossing points ( spain , italy and greece ) are all schengen borders ( which means essentially borderless ) this means that migrants must be crossing from the access points to the uk border without the border patrols at the access points finding them . 
  obviously they are n't necessarily italian and t be italians have otherwise proven themselves to be good border guards in comparison to the others , but there 's no way to know . 
  so yes , there is evidence that migrants are passing through undetected, 
  well , if a boat slips passed the italian border patrols , then there is n't going to be any trace , because it 's successfully slipped passed . 
  it 's a selection bias . 
  i was watching the european debate on conflict minerals the other day ( i was ill and had nothing better to do , pmqs is n't even available yet ) and the british meps from labour put in a surprisingly good show . 
  there were loads of them in comparison to every other nationality and they all spoke very passionately . 
  does n't quite make up for the idiocy of ukip though . 
  ` with all due respect ** fuck you ** - of course that was unparliamentary language and i now withdraw my statement ', 
  yeah , it 's kind of like the speaker of the house of commons , who is elected by mps or the speaker of the eu parliament , who is selected by meps . 
  these people have almost no real power over policies , other than in guiding discussion in their speaking chambers , and all of the people in these chambers are usually opinionated enough that it does n't matter what the speaker does . 
  and nobody cares that any of these people are n't elected . 
  oh wow , i wish schulz was n't the president of the european parliament . 
  he 's a very enthusiastic speaker . 
  the agency in charge of the running of the european union thinks that the european union should , at some point , have more powers ? 
  this is hardly front page news , especially given the time line they 've set out . 
  still , it seems like a good idea . 
  it does n't make sense to have 28 different border forces when most of the eu has just one very large border and no internal ones ( in the schengen area that is , countries outside of that zone , like the uk and ireland , would probably not be expected to participate ) . 
  i mean , when a lot of stress is being put on particular border points ( such as italy , spain and greece ) because people are trying to get to destinations in france , germany , sweden and the uk , and that bad border patrols in these countries lead to problems in those countries , it makes sense that we should consolidate our border petrols into one cohesive force which can take control of the whole border and ensure that there are no gaps . 
  the thing is , then ireland and the uk ( and maybe malta , if they choose to do it in english ) would always win . 
  i 'm pretty sure that should be * `` bei ein * er * firma '' * . 
  but what you say generally is true . 
  it is n't only british pensioners who go to other eu countries , a large portion of people are long term workers . 
  additionally , many britons make use of short period of work in foreign countries , where the flexible labour market is incredibly helpful ( such as for myself , as i 'm going for a short contract in germany-austria over the summer , but if we were outside the eu the paper work etc would make it almost completely impractical ) . 
  also , if you build up rail infrastructure it can eventually be converted to run on electricity made produced using renewables or other environmentally friendly methods , whilst if you rely on planes there 's no way to easily convert to a low carbon alternative . 
  removed for editorialised title . 
  feel free to repost but use the title found in the submission itself . 
  for more information check our rules listed in the sidebar .
