  there 's the bundesrat ( federal council ) which is the upper house and the nationalrat ( national council ) which is the lower house . 
  there 's 183 mps in the nationalrat and 61 in the bundesrat . 
  oh you mean a bell-end ? 
  apart from they can be taken away . 
  for instance prisoners in the uk currently ca n't vote . 
  additionally , if one of the rights mentioned in the echr conflicts with another human right mentioned in the same treaty then a judge has to make a judgement to not give someone one of their human rights . 
  did one really have a right to own slaves ? 
  it certainly could n't have been a constitutional right , even pre-civil war because some states banned it . 
  i prefer using things which are more contemporary and with rights that people are more familiar with . 
  so in the us i would probably use the right to bear arms and another right . 
  or the right to vote and mental disabilities . 
  i 've always understood it slightly differently . 
  you have a right to all the things you have a right to , but if you having that right means that someone else does n't get their rights then one of you is going to have to forfeit it . 
  for instance you have a right to marry , a right to a family life and * a right to life * . 
  however , if you having a spouse and a family interferes with their right to a life ( ie , you might kill them ) then you are no longer able to have a family or a spouse because the courts would side with your spouse and your family and place their rights higher than yours , because your right to a family is less important than their right to life ( life is pretty important as far as rights go ) . 
  from what i remember of philosophy class , you 'd still have killed someone knowingly , but you would n't be charged for it because you were being coerced . 
  you did n't think `` i want to kill someone for my own gain '' you thought `` i am going to kill someone because x will happen if i do n't '' . 
  to be honest it 's a difference which really hard to pin point exactly where the line is . 
  is a homeless man on the streets a murderer if he kills a man to eat because he 'll starve otherwise ? 
  the law would probably say he 's a murderer and charge him . 
  what if someone put a gun to your head and told you to kill another man ? 
  it 's the same in a lot of ways . 
  you have to kill a man or you die , but the law usually treats them differently . 
  i do n't know why you 're still pushing on this idea of elaborate plans which could mislead the courts . 
  why not talk about people 's motives for committing murder ? 
  for instance , if you 're entire family is kidnapped and you 're told they will be killed and you will be killed if you do not do certain actions , and whether or not you should be punished for those actions that you made under duress ? 
  i think that other eu member states would definitely be able counter russian influence , but i think that adding 140 million work of meps would be a huge shunt to the system , a potentially fatal shunt , especially when one considers that it would be united under one head of state , ect . 
  i think that russia could join one day , but that date is so far off in the future that it does n't even bear thinking about . 
  when it finally happens , the whole east west divide will have completely changed . 
  this is partly why i mentioned cutting russia up into small chunks . 
  it will never happen and adding russia as a member state all of its own will never happen . 
  or at least wont happen for many decades . 
  if it was going to be cut up , it would probably be cut up along [ federal boundaries ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/russian_regions-en.svg ) . 
  for now , russia has to be a partner and not a member . 
  when ( if ) russia finally joins the eu it will have to have come to terms with being a western country . 
  that wont happen for a while . 
  russia 'd probably need to be to be cut up into small chunks before it could join . 
  it 'd be like canada allowing the us to became one province , or something . 
  use whatever analogy you like . 
  that was pretty dark . . 
  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . 
  in my eyes the purpose of the prison system is not to punish , it 's to rehabilitate . 
  you ca n't rehabilitate people if they 're dead . 
  even if you do want to punish those who have committed grievous atrocities to their fellow people , why give them the easy way out ? 
  why let them just die ? 
  if you want to punish them , force them to live out their days in prison and have to succumb to old age and rot like the rest of us . 
  prove to them that they are not special and that they will die in an unspecial way . 
  surely you would prefer this method of punishment to a painless and quick execution ? 
  but alas , i really do n't see the benefit to anyone of forcing people to suffer or to die . 
  who really benefits from that ? 
  why not lock them up until you have some certainty that they will not re-offend and then let them back into the world to become a contributor to society . 
  someone who creates wealth , who has a job who makes other people 's lives better . 
  furthermore i always remember that the legal system is not infallible . 
  it gets it wrong sometimes . 
  i 'd much rather they try and rehabilitate me than end my life or condemn me to rot in prison if they incorrectly convicted me . 
  i disagree with the death penalty on so many levels . 
  well that 's a very positive article from a european and ukrainian perspective . 
  i hope the author is right . 
  if all goes well pretty much every former soviet country in europe ( with three exceptions ) will be in the european union before long . 
  that will be an interesting future ... 
  this pleases me . 
  western governments are very often complicit in many crimes . 
  this is an example of something where the eu has taken a stand for what it and its citizens believe in , a right to life . 
  will this stop executions out right ? 
  but we 're not complicit in it anymore and this makes me happy . 
  one step at a time . 
  when you hear stories about greece now , sometimes you ca n't help but wonder where it 's all leading . 
  at first you hear about merkel pushing for austerity ad being depicted as a nazi in many greek newspapers and you ca n't help but sympathise a little . 
  then golden dawn appears who 's own emblem is shockingly similar to a [ swastika ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b7/chrisi_avgi_logo.svg ) and you definitely think they 're the real nazis in the situation . 
  then you hear about the greek government pushing through change and bypassing parliament . 
  so you start to wonder if it 's ok that the government the government is overriding parliament like that . 
  then golden dawn gets worse . 
  tries to bring guns into parliament . 
  you hear about how they 're treating immigrants . 
  then someone 's dead . 
  but that 's when political parties start being oppressed and you wonder if that 's right . . 
  it 's like a triangle . 
  it kind of makes me worry if it 'll end up somewhere like germany in 1930 . 
  for all the criticism angela gets of being a nazi , it seems like if anything it is the other way around . 
  i read an article about a particular kind of porn product that one can buy in prague . 
  men go there for a few days and film their own porno . 
  you pick the actor and actress . 
  you pick where and how they do it and from what angle . 
  ect . 
  then you go home with a nice load of porn after having a great time in prague . 
  well it 's one way to spend money , i guess . 
  niemands ? 
  it actually is . 
  all the signs in that region are ( currently ) written in german and maybe italian . 
  though it 's currently a matter of contention . 
  german is the official language of that region kind of like how welsh is a co-official language of wales . 
  why ? 
  just thought i 'd mention that some cities are already trying to reduce light pollution . 
  sheffield ( my city ) is converting all its lights to leds which are directional and altered street by street . 
  [ there 's a little one minute explanation video ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20308297 ), 
  what 's the cap got to do with it ? 
  i mean , yeah , personally i think the cap is flawed and should be removed or at least replaced with something that works better , but that has no bearing on bankers ' pay . 
  the government wont earn any noticeable amount of money from this change . 
  in fact they might earn less tax revenue because instead of becoming taxed as income it will become taxed as capital gains which has a much much lower tax rate . 
  all you 're doing is saying : * the reason this policy is being enacted is because of populism and to gain more tax money * .
