  however if you post xenophobic or racist content in the comments section then we will remove that because we find any justification for racial hatred to be dangerous , not only for the quality of this subreddit , but also for wider european society . 
  we would consider it a social evil to allow such dangerous and objectively wrong ideas to spread . 
  and before you criticise us for mass removals of things : this only applies to comments which actually try and justify potentially * violent * action , because we consider that to be * dangerous * . 
  you can rail against immigration all you like , but if you start denying the holocaust or claiming that boat loads of refugees should be shot down in the mediterannean ( yes , people actually say that and yes we have banned them for it ) . 
  an additional reason we take this stance against extreme and violent racism in this subreddit is because many other parts of the internet ( like stormfront ) try and brigade this subreddit to artificially change the debate here . 
  so we feel the need to protect against brigading by removing comments which are from users who 're quite obviously from stormfront and associated brigading networks . 
  i hope that you have found this insight enlightening and that you will no longer need to resort to a cariacature of subreddit policy in order to criticise it . 
  if you have a genuine criticism please articulate it clearly rather than claiming that i , or other members of the moderation team , hold views that we do not hold and then criticising this hypothetical opinion which nobody on the mod team advocates . 
  where has a meme been posted ? 
  sorry but dance videos are n't really what this subreddit is for, 
  sorry but this has been removed . 
  it 's not really the sort of content we want here . 
  this submission has been removed for having no source, 
  this has been removed for not fitting this subreddit 's theme . 
  all this is is a promotional video about a new kind of weapon . 
  it 's never too late . 
  i 'm in my early twenties and take two evening classes ( french and spanish ) ( and speak german ) and i 'm the youngest person in both by at least 15 years , and i 'm about 30 years below the classes ' average age . 
  but all of my peers continue to make excellent progress in their language learning to the point where most of them can make practical use of it . 
  and they all really appreciate their new abilities , much more than they had expected, 
  and usher in a new era of adviceanimals-ification of the subreddit . 
  this subreddit probably has some of the highest quality of discussion and content of any subreddit of comparable size . 
  the only thing we have in common with other large and high quality subreddits ( such as / askhistorians and / r/dataisbeautiful ) is that we do not let upvotes be the * only * determinant of content here . 
  if you leave everything to the upvotes and downvotes then the content will tend towards being lowest common denominator content , like images rather than the stuff this subreddit was built on , news and discussion ( and a bit of humour ) . 
  there 's a fine line to walk . 
  we think that most content should be decided on by users , but we also think that moderators have a very important role in maintaining basic standards , i.e. 
  ensuring that all content has sources . 
   do it before this submission will be deleted contrary to any conspiracy theories you may have , we 're not some tyrannical crazies trying to clamp down on internet freedoms . 
  if you want to have discussions about subreddit policy , that 's fine by us . 
  we 're not infallible and like to know what those we serve think . 
  or submitters could submit the source * at the same time * as the submission itself , as the rules state . 
  the moderators typically do n't get round to checking submissions until they 're a few hours old , which provides ample time for a source to have been posted . 
  even if a submission has been removed , it will still be approved if a source is subsequently provided . 
  it only stays removed if no source can be provided , and if no source can be provided , then it really has no place in this subreddit . 
  those do n't get removed . 
  the only things which get removed because of a lack of sources are imgur links . 
  if something has a lot of upvotes or comments and lacks a source , then there is actually * more * reason for it to be removed quickly than something which has less upvotes or comments . 
  i consider it a disservice to the community to allow something which is as good as false to sit on the front page . 
  people will assume it 's true , even if it is n't . 
  the more upvotes , the more people are reading it and the more people are being mislead . 
  please report posts which are factuall incorrected/unsourced . 
  they are not tolerated here and as such i have removed the submission . 
  this submission has been removed because the root source is just some random reddit user . 
  there is no credible source for where the information is gathered . 
   technically though , it should be possible to post a news report about the protests and link my photos in the comment section , right ? 
  of course . 
  in fact i encourage it . 
  thank you for taking this so well . 
  i do n't doubt that you 're a rule person . 
  it 's just that ( even if the moderators know personal information about you , which i advice that you do * not * distribute online ) we can not verify that you are being truthful . 
  i have no reason to think that you 're lying , but i also have no proof that you 'll be telling the truth . 
  this is the internet . 
  i 'd be doing my job badly if i trusted everybody . 
  so i 'm left only trusting those three types of organisations i mentioned above : governments , news organisations and ngos ( and similar types of organisations ) . 
  edit : either way , this is besides the point . 
  even if there was a source , there are other problems with this submission . 
  we do n't usually trust photos as sources by themselves because they 're so easy to fake ( they can be doctored through photo shop or other softward , or completely staged , or be real photos but from a different location or different time period ) . 
  if the photos come from a reputable source ( governments , news agencies , ngos , etc ) then we ( / r/europe moderators ) will accept that as reputable . 
  it 's a shame that photo evidence can no longer be considered proof , but that 's the world we live in . 
  sorry but this has been removed for being low quality , unsourced , and in the event that a source does turn up , heavily editorialised ( which contravenes reddiquettes ) . 
  this submission has been removed for being low quality, 
  this article has been removed because it has no source . 
  you 're probably going to be very angry with me but seeing as we ca n't prove that this article was real , as opposed to somebody with a style sheet/photoshop , we can not allow it . 
  that 's the rules . 
  i ca n't find in that thread any link to where the op find the knot information he is basing this map off . 
  moderator here . 
  with this submission has been removed, 
  this submission has been removed because it lacks a source, 
  the blue med zone : also known as `` fuck you , libya '', 
  good . 
  these two sources are suitable ( because they link directly to a credible organisation , rather than just claiming that the statistics are from such an organisation ) . 
  i 've reaproved, 
  i checked out the sources there , and all they are is an imgur link to a picture of a print out which has a list of countries and then numbers next to them . 
  it is not credible enough . 
  no credible statistics agency would report information like that , especially not the cia fact book . 
  i could create a `` source '' like that right here in my kindle by imagining the numbers . 
  what i 'm saying is that those sources are n't credible . 
  almost nothing which gets posted to / r/mapporn is up to a standard which would be acceptable here . 
  my advice would be to message the original op for a more detailed source, 
  this post has been removed pending a source . 
  yeah it me again . 
  do you have a source ? 
  this has been removed because it lacks a source, 
  this has been removed because it lacks a source, 
  then they must have slipped passed our filters . 
  we do n't catch everything . 
  there 's only a handful of moderators and about two hundred thousand users . 
  hard to catch everything, 
  i should make it clear that you 've set an excellent example of how to use the sources that wikipedia provides as sources . 
  if a wikipedia article is credible , then it will have plenty of sources available at the bottom of the page which you can link to instead , but if it 's not then i will have to explain to ten thousand other people that whilst one specific wikipedia page us allowed , a slightly different wikipedia page is n't . 
  so we 've cut to the chace and made people link directly to t be relevant sources at the bottom , rather than letting anybody post whatever they want and forcing the mods ( who , btw , are already severely understaffed ) to trawl through the entire page , check every single source and do this ten times a day per mod and this is without taking into consideration other tasks such as dealing with reports , raids , community development and having our own lives that we want to get back to when we 're done here . 
  it 's not that much to ask that submitters link directly to the relevant sources . 
  it 's either that , or we neglect other areas of moderation . 
  would you like the gypsy hate and neo-nazis to start brigading unabated again ? 
  because that 's essentially what 's at stake . 
  i 'm just trying to be translate here and explain why the rules are the way they are . 
  believe me , i get no pleasure from removing random people 's content , nor from the various have mail which is sent subsequently . 
  it 's only the pleasure of helping a community i love run smoothly, 
  yes ive approved it, 
  because wikipedia is by definition not a source , but a tiertiary source which coalesces lots of primary and secondary sources . 
  if you go on wikipedia and look for the source which is listed * there * than that should be good enough .
