  schengen [ no passport checks ] zone , common market , euro battle groups , common currency [ the euro ] , europol [ european police co-operation force ] , european parliament , environmental policies , eu development funds , and so on ) necessarily means that its foreign policy goals are similar too . 
  why is europe so homogenous ? 
  it could have become similar due to the political integration or it could have been homogenous from the start . 
  it 's a chicken and egg question . 
  what matters is that the eu today is a very well integrated group and this brings with it necessarily similar foreign policy goals . 
  the prosperity of one eu member states means the prosperity of other eu member states . 
  therefore a common eu foreign policy is in order as is a common eu armed forces . 
  you realise virtually all the eu 's problems are caused by a lack of integration . 
  for instance , the greek debt crisis was poorly managed because there was no integration regarding debt sales ( eurobonds ) nor integration of financial scrutiny . 
  if there had been proper integration , that crisis would n't have emerged in the first place and if it had , it would have been properly dealt with . 
  as it stands now , whenever a crisis emerges there has to be an intergovernmental solution to the problem ( e.g. 
  ukraine crisis ) . 
  what we need is a supranational solution , where decisions can be made centrally ( and accountably ) such as by creating one central eu army instead of 28 separate national armies ( or , maybe , one eu army * and * 28 national armies ) . 
  edit : and additionally , bare in mind , whatever ineptitudes the eu has , ask yourself if you think your national government would be any better . 
  you 'll probably find that it 's the same stupidity at all levels . 
  the eu is n't special in this . 
  are n't they already losing a large amount of their support to podemos ? 
  it 's like in germany , where the left wing is divided up between the greens , social democrats ( similar to psoe ) and die linke ( the left , similar to podemos ) . 
  die linke get about 10 % of the vote every time and this is just accepted as the way it will be for the foreseeable future . 
  this allows the social democrats to just persu a more centrist policy which actually has a chance of convincing middle ground voters who vote for the christian democrats ( similar to the spanish partido popular ) . 
  it 's simple [ everywhere is ah ` murica ] ( https://interculturalmeanderings.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/map-of-the-world-according-to-americans.jpg ), 
  aaand there goes the chance for a stable government . 
  it was hard enough finding a coalition before they ruled this out . 
  now they 're gon na have difficulty getting podemos or any of the small parties on-board , who are all necessary . 
  i wonder where cs stand on the issue, 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it does n't use a credible source . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may provide a credible source in order for this removal to be lifted . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  for those that did n't see it , the comment bellow was saying that they want more eurosceptic politicians should be included for amas , as so far we 've only had a green and a s&d politician ( + an alde politician ) . 
  the user 's account was probably deleted by the admins for some reason ( no idea ) . 
  on the bashar al-assad point ... is there interest in perhaps doing an ama with some europeans who 're involved with the war in syria e.g. 
  aid workers , soldiers , european fighters for the free syrian army or kurds , asylum seekers , journalists with relevant background ? 
  2025 is closer than you think . 
  it 's only nine years . 
  that 's interesting . 
  where are you at now ? 
  did your prospects improve ? 
  are you still active in politics for something else ? 
  that 's not really true . 
  cigarette butts will basically never biodegrade by themself , and so will basically exist forever . 
  okay , that 's alright then . 
  i understood what you meant , but i wanted to know if the laissez faire attitude towards university entrance was mirrored in degree classification . 
  i had no idea as the idea of laissez faire entrance is extremely alien to me . 
  it 's absolutely the opposite in the uk , where a-level grades at the end of school are basically biggest determiners of the rest of your life . 
  what exams are there at the end of the degree ? 
  surely if you fail miserably all throughout then you 'll get a degree classification which basically has the meaning of `` do n't hire me . 
  i am shit '' ? 
  ireland apparently had an excess of doctors as well ( someone irish back me up on this ? ), 
  and so did cuba ( although they 're not really western ) . 
  i think you 'd be surprised how good you can get at talking about medicine and health in a particular language if you do that for the full working day , every day for even a short while . 
  it 's certainly a high risk environment where the wrong action can be life threatening . 
  however , if you have n't understood something , you will likely know that you have not understood it . 
  if a doctor asks you to inject morphine into a patient , but you do n't know what the word morphine means , then it 's not like you 're going to read into the draw and pull out the first thing that feels right . 
  and if a patient says that they have a pain in their abdomen , but you do n't know what an abdomen is , then it 's not like you just start amputating their hands . 
  if you know a language well and you know your medicine well , then you 'll be basically just as good a doctor in your own language as in a second one if you give it a few of months of hardcore immersion . 
  just to your first point : these sorts of things very rarely raise more revenue than is spent on them . 
  the idea is to deter crime , not to raise income for the state . 
  ( it 'd create a perverse incentive if the state was financing itself by prosecuting people ) . 
  for instance , speed cameras in the uk cost far more to implement than they raised in revenue . 
  the goal was to deter speeding , not to raise money . 
  same with this littering fine . 
  oh , and : why not both !, 
  dog poop on the pavement and cigaret butts are basically the two worst pieces of rubbish that get commonly put on the pavements . 
  it 's more the fear of a fine that does the prevention . 
  like , if you park illegally in most places , you wo n't get caught for it and will pay nothing . 
  but what stops people from doing it ( apart from respect for the law ) is fear that they will fall in that 1 % of cases where the parking inspector does come and gives you a fine . 
  it 's the same thing with littering and it will be the same thing with this law . 
  like , would you * really * toss your cigaret away when there 's a bin down the street if there was a chance you 'd get fined $ 300 for the pleasure ? 
  it 's a deterrent . 
  it deters . 
  so long as people are deterred then 100 % effective enforcement is n't an issue . 
  yeah , some person on the internet saying `` but i do n't get why cultural diversity is a factor ?! '', 
  definitely has more credibility than the cebr . 
  if you do n't understand , why do n't you look up * why * it 's included as a factor instead of saying `` that 's stupid [ applause ] !, 
  got ta say , i find the immigration circle jerk as tiresome as the rest of us , but it is relevant here . 
  but the economic reforms largely be described in terms of being left or right wing . 
  so it does n't make sense to use anti establishment as synonyms for left or right . 
  cs and podemos are certainly more anti establishment than pp or pose but the catalonian parties are the same sort of anti establishment as cs etc. 
  but they also want to change the fundamental nature of spain . 
  it 's like calling social democrats anti establishment when there 's a full blown , popular communist party hovering up votes . 
  it 's a spectrum . 
  podemos certainly is n't pro establishment , but in the context of catalonia they 're not particularly anti either, 
  i think against the backdrop of catalonia independence and podemos 's support for the territorial integrity of spain ( unlike independentists ) means that it 's hard to call podemos anti establishment . 
   refugee  a person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war , ** persecution ** , or natural disaster ( oxford dictionary ) that defines edward snowden perfectly , and that is why he has been granted asylum in russia . 
  he was granted asylum , because he is a refugee . 
  what else is new ? 
   the best thing he can do is to move back to his home country -  refugee this person is fleeing persecution in his home country . 
  i do n't think moving home is a good option ... 
  even if senagal is listed as safe , that does n't mean they personally are n't in danger . 
  ( e.g. 
  the usa is a safe country , but edward snowden is still a legitimate refugee by most accounts ) . 
  there 's a lot of sense in that , and i agree that most of the important astronomical research is low profile . 
  it 's usually the little guys that nobody knows that make the world keep on turning . 
  however , i think that evaluating a project like a moon base , or other such installations , purely in terms of the * direct * scientific or economic output is the wrong way to look at them . 
  you have to look at them in terms of creating infrastructure for later generations . 
  an analogy with the discovery of the new world is useful here . 
  for instance , in the era of christopher columbus from around 1498 onwards , there was * a lot * of huge discoveries which required very little investment . 
  just send people in ships to scout the coast lines and draw maps . 
  and that 's great .
