  so for instance , i would definitely be in the cosmopolitan camp , but i am also very sceptical of globalisation in its current form , because i see it as thoroughly exploitative of workers ( be they in the 1st world , or the 3rd world ) and totally destructive of the environment . 
  but i see the solution of this as a global response to retake democratic control and better respect people 's human rights . 
  -- i 'm not particularly trying to argue for one side or the other here ( although you know which side i stand on ) but i just think this perspective , weltanschauung , helps illuminate the debate . 
  i 've got to say , i agree with / u/arathian here . 
  i found naurgul to be an incredible pain to deal with . 
  he used to send us pms regularly about how we were somehow facilitating the destruction of the eu or destruction of something or other ( he was also quite vague on that point , but i dare not ask , in case he sent further essays to my inbox ) . 
  and eventually he just started sending me angry pms personally for being racist ( i 'm not racist . 
  just look at what / r/european has to say about me ) . 
  i eventually asked him to never message me again because i find it to be stawkerish , to which he used as an opportunity to list every single grievance he 's ever had with me , ever . 
  it certainly took my self-esteem down a peg , even if i did n't agree with any of his criticisms . 
  it 's just not nice . 
  he 's not a nice person . 
  he does n't understand that other people are people too , and that they have feelings . 
  i 've always treated him with respect and i 've never felt that this respect was reciprocated and for that i can not abide . 
   i think sly is one of the best posters , fullstop . 
  we literally agree on almost nothing and yet he is one of the most enjoyable people to talk to , especially in the irc . 
  d'aww  savanajeff i also mostly disagree with but , unlike sly , he is uh ... fairly combative . 
  he is n't a bad poster/person but he does get a toxic on occasion . 
  i do n't think he realizes that himself which is a shame . 
  if he improved on that , he would be a great poster , imo . 
  just something i find interesting : as you said , me and you disagree on a lot of things , but i just also find it interesting that myself and savanna also agree on very little . 
  or maybe that 's just because we only ever seem to talk about free trade , of which i am very sceptical due to its powers to subvert democratic will , lower workers ' rights and degrade the environment ( without even mentioning non-human animals ) . 
  but it 's just strange . 
  one would expect that disagreement would be fairly dichotomous ; that there can only be two positions on an issue , but we all seem to look at the issues and come back with so many different conclusions . 
  it 's just interesting . 
  perhaps just further evidence that the whole left-right spectrum is bs , 
  if you use res or something then it tallies every single upvote you 've ever given , so naturally if you vote on someone 's comments a lot they end up with a huge green ( or red ) tag next to their name and you start to gain familiarity . 
  also , sometimes i leave notes on people if they say something which i think will be relevant for future ( i.e. 
  some special area of expertise they have , or piece of background which informs their comments ) . 
  i often note down languages that people know , the countries they live in , or for savannajeff i noted their special interest in trade regulation , and i regularly ping them when ttip comes up to discuss it . 
  also , if you 're a mod ( which / u/arathian is ) then you will use something called toolbox , which constantly keeps tallies of every rule infringement or such that people have done , in order to inform future mod decisions ( e.g. 
  whether to be lenient when someone requests an unban or a shortening of their ban , or whether they are repeat offenders ) . 
  oh that reminds me , i should probably plug / r/incampaign !, 
  we could really use all the help we can get in this referendum . 
  at the moment , the polls show it could go either way . 
   it 's turned into a nationalistic shitfest . 
  the people who added value to this sub , think / u/slyratchet , / u/savannajeff or / u/naurgul all have left this sinking ship . 
  just an fyi for you and / u/marktplatz : i am still on reddit and i still do stuff on the site . 
  it 's just that , as many of you well know from my comment history , i am an ardent europhile , despite my country being less so . 
  given the whole eu referendum debacle , i decided it was time to put my cards on the table and actually help out on the doorstep , on the streets , the public meetings and so on , rather than on the internet message boards ( which , let 's be honest , i do because i enjoy it , not out of some moral obligation ) . 
  i 'm actually running one of the student campaigns at a university . 
  it 's a monstrous amount of work . 
  i 've been organising for months to get linda mcavan mep and a ukip parliamentary candidate to come in and debate each , which is finally happening this monday , and that 's without factoring in all of the street stalling , social media , volunteer management , etc. 
  the point i 'm trying to drive home is that i 've not left , but am just busy . 
  i 've actually considered coming back as a mod to organise amas here after the referendum on june 23rd , but i 'll cross that bridge when i come to it . 
  on a more general note about the sub : i do think there 's been a drop in quality and a rise in euroscepticism . 
  i do find it less enjoyable than i did before , but i think that was kind of inevitable . 
  there 's just too many people and too much content for the mods to adequately managed . 
  i 've seen that when i was there . 
  we could n't manage it when we were at 400,000 subscribers , let alone the 700,000 that there are now . 
  that 's just part of growth . 
  you get more content , but the content becomes lower quality . 
  it 's fairly dichotomous . 
  but i think euroscepticism of the userbase has an entirely different cause . 
  i think they 're just responding to events . 
  the eu as it exists today , as this semi-multi-lateral , semi-supra-national entity which does so much but yet has the power to do so little , constantly disappoints . 
  i think that those who are pro-europe and cosmopolitan need to recognise that . 
  we need to be pro-europe and pro-reform and we need to make clear that being pro-eu does n't mean accepting it for what it is today . 
  there 's a risk ( and i 've seen it happen ) that large swathes of people starting seeing us as frothing at the mouth zealots , incapable of seeing the ` reality ' . 
  the thing is , we do see the reality . 
  i am endlessly upset by the situation in greece and spain , and the compromised result of the eu-turkey deal and the lack of help for ukraine . 
  but i think we need to make clear that these are problems because of a lack of integration , and a lack of collective will . 
  they are problems because we allow national interests to rise above common interests . 
  if we were to band together and recognise our common humanity then we would have a eurobonds and fiscal transfers which would solve the eurozone debt crisis over night . 
  we would have adequate youth employment in spain , greece and italy , never mind quality of life . 
  we would have a refugee relocation scheme which is fair to all member states , as well as to the asylum seekers . 
  and we would solve the so called ` democratic deficit ' . 
  the democratic deficit only exists because we refuse to give the directly elected eu parliament the power and legitimacy it deserves . 
  we refuse to give it that power , because more power for the eu parliament means less power for national governments . 
  it 's dichotomous . 
  we can have a peaceful , prosperous , democratic europe , or we risk sowing the seeds of its own destruction with half-arsery . 
  it 's this which is demonstrated in the user base here . 
  there is disappointment with europe , and it is incumbent on us , as citizens , to fight for a solution which looks to the future and not to the past . 
  i could debunk a lot of this stuff but just gon na focus on the salient point : we ca n't wait another 20 years . 
  we will have exceeded our carbon ceiling and will have gone past the point of now return by then . 
  we need action now . 
  fission plants take took long to build and fusion plants will take all that plus much more in research time . 
  either cut consumption , build renewables , or face a climate catastrophe . 
  nuclear is n't an option and people need to stop pretending it is . 
  you have three options then a ) get energy from outside the country b ) cut the amount of energy consumed c ) let the world burn . 
  those are your options . 
  nuclear power is not a solution, 
  *** triggered ***, 
  we did n't spend money on it because it 's a ridiculous pipe dream that 's never going to be materialised . 
  in any case , the graph you 've presented itself demonstrates that it 'll take too long to research fusion in time to solve the climate crisis . 
  even if we poured all the world 's gdp in to fusion research it still would n't be enough . 
  investing in renewables on the other hand ... 
  yes , if we have a breakthrough in nuclear technology that allows us to build baby reactors or have fusion instead of fission then that would be great , but this does n't actually exist yet . 
  there is no factory for producing baby reactors and the technology for fusion does n't exist yet ( but they have kept telling us that it will be 5 more years for the past 20 years ) . 
  we have the technology now to deal with the climate crisis . 
  we ca n't wait another 20 years . 
  all that is required is the political will to implement vast renewable investment and reduction in c02 consumption . 
  that is something that only the greens provide . 
  erhg this annoys me so much . 
  did it ever occur to anyone that nuclear is n't a good solution to climate change ? 
  it takes at least 20 years to build a nuclear power plant to current safety standards , and even then they are huge , expensive monstrosities which are targets for terrorist attacks . 
  renewables on the other hand can be rolled out in a piecemeal fashion , in smaller chunks where there is demand . 
  i wish people would put this nuclear hard on away . 
  it 's not the solution and discrediting the entire green party because they do n't like nuclear is just buying in to the propaganda of other established parties that see the greens as a threat, 
  many people are choosing to deliberately revert back to a colourless world .
