  what is defined as a battle ? 
  what is defined as a victory ? 
  are draws counted ? 
  are failures counted differently ? 
  what is defined as france : it could be counted from as soon as rome leaving some frankish kingdoms or from after world war 2 created the 5th ( or whatever number . 
  i ca n't remember how many french republics there have been ) republic was founded . 
  how are you defining other countries ? 
  does england get equally favourable terms ? 
  is england disqualified for the united kingdom which has a * much * shorter history and therefor has won far less battles and wars . 
  is germany counted from when it was a tribe or when it become an empire or after it was reunified in c.1980-90 . 
  same for russia and china . 
  do you count for when the soviet union fell and when the chinese cultural revolution occurred or do you count form earlier ? 
  hopefully you can see why that statistic is to be mistrusted . 
  there 's just too many different ways it could be counted for that statistic to not be picking ones favourable to france . 
  i could mess with the statistics and make the uk come out on top . 
  i could probably make any major country i wanted come out on top if i fiddled enough . 
  so yeah , do n't trust it . 
  today i realised that the taliban is the italian mafia of afghanistan, 
  well i live in sheffield , so naturally my garden is n't flat and the water all drains pleasantly into a big pool in the middle and into a drain . 
  plus they 're not concrete ( it 's a mixture of cobbles and paving stones ) which means water does get through into the ground , but not as much as if it was a lawn . 
  it was quite amusing when we bought the house and the first big storm came . 
  the drainage hole had n't been cleared in years which lead to a giant water pool about 2 feet high . 
  i used to think similarly about lawns , but then we moved into this house . 
  the garden is pretty big but has absolutely no grass . 
  it 's all stone . 
  it 's kind of depressing at first but once you buy a lot of planters to place against the walls and pots to spread about with green things in then , it really does feel like a garden and it will require even less up keep than grass does . 
  how is he seen there ? 
  * accidentally killing 100,000 civilians * stopping someone else from deliberately killing over five million civilians . 
  unless you subscribe to a very strict version of philosophy those fatalities were justified . 
  it 's because most of what we were doing is n't actually that much worse than what any one else was doing . 
  for instance we did a lot of slavery , but we also abolished slavery before a lot of places . 
  about thirty years before america abolished it at the federal level . 
  additionally we exploited a lot of the world during the colonial era , but whilst we were assholes about it , we were marginally less assholish than say , the belgians in the congo . 
  then obviously there 's the whole standing up against hitler . 
  defying the odds , ect ect . 
  world wars one and two are what define the national character of most nations . 
  the french have historically been very good fighters and do n't have a strong history of surrendering . 
  but because it happened twice in the same century france will don that stereotype for probably the next hundred years . 
  additionally germany is still dominated by the legacy of the nazis . 
  britain and america are pretty much the only two actors in wwii who have nothing to be ashamed of . 
  they fought . 
  they suffered and they , eventually won . 
  however places like ireland and switzerland have to deal with the shame of standing by and watching whilst nazi germany committed atrocities . 
  france and poland have to deal with the shame of standing up to the nazis and being defeated horribly . 
  and then there 's the italians , germans and austrians who have the most to be shameful for . 
  obviously much of this has little importance or even relevance today , but it still plays a huge role in defining each countries specific version of nationalism . 
  keeping in mind that by this point that little gun boat had already massacred every chinese ship in the area . 
  i think the joke is kind of about the british being very proud of the nhs ( the * national * health service ) and the nhs is kind of a socialist typed thing because it 's the government stepping in and providing things . 
  however , there was a party in german from around 1930 to 1945 called the nationalsozialist deutsche arbeiter partei . 
  also known as the nazis . 
  the word their full name translates to `` national socialist '' but obviously the nazis are n't something to be envious of . 
  *** i think i might have killed the joke ... 
  there 's a nice map about it . 
   [ the various words for `` germany '' in different europe language ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qhl3w5g.png ), 
  just up and take my ~ ~ money ~ ~ sole, 
   izba wytrze\u017awie\u0144 , the most expensive hotel in the city !, 
  when did poland become a city ? 
  hey i 'm gon na attach this collar around your neck so i always know where you are and force you to never leave this 1 ^ km area . 
  this will go on for your entire life . 
  i 'm going to treat you like shit and you 'll have no freedom apart from random acts of kindness by myself and other which , let 's be honest , are n't going to be plentiful . 
  no , every few decades i 'm going to randomly make this 1 ^ km area even smaller . 
  oh by the way , if you work laboriously every single day for 30 years , maybe i 'll not whip you and maybe i 'll not take away anymore of this 1 ^ km cube that you 've been living in . 
  but you still have to live in this shit hole . 
  wait . 
  you 're refusing to co-operate ? 
  and you 're attack me ? 
  well fuck you too i 'm going to get my sadist equipment which i bought from the us and kick the fuck out of you for all eternity until you submit . 
  in this analogy i am israel and you are palestine . 
  i do n't like humanising nations . 
  but i feel as though this gets across the general message of why you 're statement is completely unfair on the palestinians . 
  i do n't think the media is an exageration of how the brain works . 
  i 'd say that the media exaggerates our psychology . 
  it 's like , there 's our minds interpreting the world , cluster illusions and all , and then the media comes and observes how our minds work then deliberately tries to report in such a way which takes advantage of our minds . 
  on top of this psychological phenomenon there 's also a phenomenon in the media which is ( probably ) at work whereby newspapers and the like will notice that the public is interesting in something and therefor report on it almost to the exclusion of everything else . 
  normally people are n't * that * interested in train crashes , but for some reason we 're being more interested than usual or they ' v noticed we 're interested in the subject and are now going to report on it until we become desensitised . 
  the most recent example of this occurring is probably rape in india . 
  you remember a few months ago rape in india ( and the rest of the world , but mainly india ) got * loooaads * of coverage ? 
  have you een many stories about that recently ? 
  just because the stories have stopped ( mostly ) does n't mean the it 's not happening anymore . 
  likewise just because , before a few months ago , it was not being reported on does n't mean it was n't happening . 
  we became aware of it and the press indulged our sympathetic anger by reporting on it with extreme volume . 
  then we became used to the idea and the press realised we would n't give it the attention we used to and so stopped reporting . 
  the same thing is happening with the train crashes combined with the cluster illusion sphks linked to . 
  nsfw . 
  i was quite surprised how good and balanced that was . 
  the bbcs supposed to be neutral on everything , but i was either expecting them to not be able to be impartial ( balanced ) or to try so hard to be impartial that they do n't explain anything . 
  it 's not a perfect video , obviously . 
  if they wanted it to be truley balanced it would have had to be a bit longer . 
  it did a very good job given how short it was too . 
  explaining some of the criticisms and some of the benefits . 
  apart from that i think it is a little difficult to explain the eu one institution at a time without ever going to an overhead map or something and explaining how it all worked . 
  the presenter obviously skipped a few things like the qualified majority voting system used in the european council , but that would have been redundant in such a short video . 
  it 's just that a fundamental aspect of eu governance is how the different institutions work together , not the jobs they do by themselves . 
  * [ the current version : god save the quee ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn9ec3gy6nk ) * [ the version we 'll have while charles , william or baby george are on the thrown : god save the king ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiu7hltdlei ) basically the word `` queen '' is changed to `` king '' and any reference to `` her '' is change to `` him . 
  it 's interesting on organisations like her majesty 's revenue and customs which is responsible for collecting taxes changes it 's name to * his * majesty 's revenue and customs . 
  which is odd given that it 's actually a living and breathing government department which has to change its name every few decades . 
  fortunately they get around this problem by * always * abbreviating it to hmrc a long with all the other services which start with `` her majesty 's '' . 
  so the written form never changes because it 's always just an initialism but the pronunciation changes . 
  it 's interesting seeing little references to the reigning monarch around the place . 
  it makes you actually think about the monarch personally , as a living breathing person rather than just an ancient institution .
