  it was so successful , that it branched out beyond the initial 6 ( primarily , france and germany who 'd gone to war three times in the last century ) to secure the peace through economic union of many further countries in europe . 
  this is one of the many reasons why i support former yugoslavian and russian eu membership . 
  if the balkans had been under the eu in the 1990s ( btw : yugoslavia is nothing like the eu ) then there would have been non of the horrific bloodshed that occured there . 
  likewise , the situation in ukraine and russia today would be impossible if they were both eu members . 
  erasmus is the * next step * where we not only realise that it is economically unwise to go to war with our neighbour , but we also start seeing our neighbours * as real people * who we would want to see nice things , rather than nasty things , happen to . 
  depends on the specific countries involved . 
  however , usually the child will be a dual citizen of their parents ' nationalities , unless one of the nationalities forbids dual citizenship ( like ukrainian or austrian ) , in which case citizenship is descended down the mother 's sign . 
  i knew a family like that living in austria . 
  a mother who 'd move to austria from german , and an austrian father who 'd live their his whole life . 
  the two kids are germans , because austria forbids duals , and the mother was german . 
  the statistics are , at the very least , interesting , though . 
  which we 're not going to be . 
  we should n't be afraid to have slight restrictions on certain things just because it has ever such a slight chance of pushing us towards being a totalitarian state . 
  we 're currently on the other end of the spectrum ( being a liberal pluralist democracy ) . 
  just because something is on the most vaguely slippery slope does n't mean you should n't do it . 
  the only reason i object to the porn filter is because it should be parents obligations to opt in to filters , not everybody else 's obligation to opt out . 
  you should , by default , have complete access because it 's a matter of principle . 
  it has nothing to do with slippery slopes . 
  i 'm happy to advocate that we all live on a disability ramp , if living there is the right thing to do . 
  sometimes , you should go on the slope . 
  this is n't one of those times , but the slope is so flat that it hardly bears thinking about, 
  iirc we only had 60.000 subscribers when that survey was taken , only 7 months ago . 
  now we 're at almost 110.000 so the demographics will have changed hugely . 
  fortunately we 're ( slowly ) working on another survey to be released within a couple of weeks . 
  there 's certainly a few swiss around here . 
  there was even a larger thread a while back where a bunch of ya made your own little thread, 
  hard to say . 
  i think french is easier ( although i think they 're both very easy ) because of all the shared vocabulary , and the word order is almost identical to english , so the only stuff you need to learn is the other half of the vocabulary , and the tenses . 
  also , it 's a lot easier to speak bad french , in my opinion . 
  for instance , i 've only been doing the absolute minimum with my french for the past year ( i 've only been learning it for a year ) because i 've had a lot of education work and german work , but i can still kind of muddle through a basic conversation , ask for directions , order food and so on . 
  and there 's a lot of knowledge i have at the moment , but ca n't quite make use of , but would will very easily be able to when i start evening classes again next week ( they stopped for the summer ) . 
  german , on the other hand , has a lot more different vocabulary , and you have to get your head around the case system , and the word order . 
  however , if you 've learned dutch to a reasonable standard , then german should be a walk in the park . 
  i mean , as a german speaker i can understand basically 70 % of any dutch that i see written down . 
  and i am by no means a fully competent speaker . 
  personally , i just have more of a passion for germany and german culture . 
  mostly it 's because of the bretzels . 
  ca n't get enough of the bretzels . 
  i also love vienna , munich and berlin in a way that i ca n't say the same of for equal french cities . 
  but i still love paris and marseille and so on . 
  especially their wines and cheeses . 
  but then again ... 
  the francophone world does have bruxelles , and french is still a very important language in north africa . 
  ach , so much to love about both of them  word order will become second nature to you , if you give it time . 
  if you keep speaking , reading and writing then a lot of the grammar rules and vocabulary you find difficult now , you will hardly even remember are rules . 
  a good tip , though , when internalising these rules , is to get a native speaker to write you down a bunch of phrases . 
  one of my teachers did this with essay phrases in german for on one hand/einerseits , on the other hands/anderseits , ich stimme dir zu einem gewissen grad zu/i agree to you to a certain extent , meine meinung nach/my opinion ( regarding ... ) . 
  i actually [ made a memrise deck ] ( http://www.memrise.com/course/254186/impersonal-essay-phrases/ ) for some of them , which you 're free to use if you want ( as is anybody else . 
  it 's ai n't stoppin ' ya ) . 
   what methods do you use to study them ? 
  over the past three years , more than i can remember . 
  the main structure i tend to go with ( and there 's a clear pattern emerging , given that i am now starting spanish ) is to start with the michelle thomas cds , which you do n't have to buy and can just borrow from the local library , if you 're not into piracy . 
  then i do * a lot * on memrise.com and continue doing a lot on memrise.com forever . 
  i try and go on there every day for both french and german . 
  great for vocabulary grinding . 
  if you want to actually have a decent sized vocabulary ( minimum 20,000 words , but more likely 50,000 or 60,000 if you want to be really able to articulate yourself on politics and other things ) within a few years , you 're going to need to learn at least a few words everyday ( on average ) . 
  i will definitely try and go to regular evening classes as well , even if they are infrequent . 
  if you get beyond the basics , it 's very important to actually have someone on top who can explain things in a * succinct and comprehensible manner * . 
  but i also try and find pen/skype pals as well , just for chit-chatting . 
  i 've become really good friends with a german/austrian over the past couple of years , who i actually went to stay with in the alps for a week just this summer , which was fantastic . 
  and that 's really it . 
  it sounds like a lot , and it kind of is , especially when you include all of the stuff i have n't mentioned ( listening to podcasts [ shoutout to langsame gesprochene nachrichten beim dw.de ] , [ trying to ] reading stories and news in the language , occasional attempts at duolingo.com ) but it 's spread out over a few years so it does n't have that much of an effect on your life , and it makes you very proud whenever you actually use your skill or feel like you 're making progress , and if you use technology in the right way , you can just use it to fill in gaps of time where you would n't have otherwise done anything . 
  have you started learning yet , or is this also informing your plan of what to do in the event that you leave ? 
  how much progress have you made in dutch ? 
   or it will take forever , both of which we would rather avoid . 
  i 'd rather get to practice some french !, 
  if nobody has the time to talk to you without switching to english , it 's pretty hard to get good in the first place :( i once deliberately ` dropped ' a ( low value ) card from my wallet as i was going through the x-rayers and berlin 's sch\u00f6nefield airport just so , on my way back through , i could tell them i was from estonia and force them to communicate with me in german . 
  i 've found this as well . 
  in munich 90 % of people waited , even when there were no cars and could quite easily get across . 
  it was awful , because it made me feel like i could n't / should n't cross either , as that would be inappropriate , and there was also a vague sense of fear that the crowd knew something i did n't . 
  and i thought munich , being one of the largest cities , have more of that city spirit , where you cut corners all the time . 
  but i suppose that accounts for the ten percent of people who did n't mindlessly obey . 
  berlin was a different story they . 
  about 50 % of them ignored the red light . 
   we tend to vote for whomever seems to be the less shit option , which , if i 'm not mistaken , is similar to how it 's done in britain . 
  :p it 's the rule everywhere , from what i hear , but at least my turds are more shiny than some other places ' turds  i 've actually got a similar plan to you in place , as regarding citizenship . 
  if the uk ever leaves the european union ( which i hope dearly that it does n't and am even willing to campaign on the issue ) then i am going to apply for german citizenship based on being a descendant of those who lost their citizenship at the hands of the national socialists . 
  under german law , if you had your citizenship struck off by them or are a descendant of someone who was , then you 're eligible to get it back . 
  if that were ever to happen , i do n't think i could stay in the uk . 
  i 've been learning french and german for the past few years for a whole variety of reasons ( chief among them , being that i like learning/am a glossophile ) which would put me in a good place to move there if i ever wanted to . 
  and to be fair , i think i might move there anyway . 
  i do n't want to spend my whole life in one country , ever never really experienced what it 's like to live and work abroad . 
  i do n't want to be limited to the land i happened to have been born into . 
  so i guess i 'm similar in that i have these plans in place , which could change , but they 're there if i need them . 
  i actually think there is a rule against countries applying to be member states if they have territorial disputes with a current member states ( this is one of the many problems with the turkey situation ) . 
  so they 'd definitely have to give up their claim to the falklands . 
  and if that happened , then , well , if the president of argentina came over and licked the queen 's feet or something , then i 'd be ok with it . 
  more people are voting democrat * at the moment * . 
  additionally , there 's a joke about us politics which says that `` the usa has two political parties . 
  a right wing one , and an even more right wing one . '', 
  so i 'm not to overjoyed with the democrats getting slightly more support , even if it is a step in the right direction . 
  maybe if they made some outlandishly left wing jump and then still got votes , then maybe i 'd be happy . 
  but anyway , moving to europe sounds exciting !, 
  where abouts are you planning to move to ? 
  do you have passports/visas worked out ? 
  i agree that there are huge levels of dissatisfaction with the political class in america at the moment , and virtually everywhere else in the western world , but i do n't think this will necessarily or even likely lead to america being pushed towards a european model . 
  dissatisfaction is a sign that change is potentially coming , but it offers little indication of what direction that change will be in . 
  for instance , in most of western europe that dissatisfaction is being harnessed by charismatic populists like nigel farage and marine le pen , simply because they are anti-establishment . 
  you 've given some good reasons why americans generally oppose socialised healthcare programmes , but the thing is , those quibbles are felt also by europeans both now , and when we were creating our welfare schemes , but it was felt to be a categorical imperative that we undertake these schemes because they were the right thing to do and it was realised that we had the means to do it . 
  [ in the uk , the welfare state was constructed immediately after the war , because it was felt that if we could flatten east anglia in order to build air strips to fight the nazis , why could n't we undertake equally ambitious projects to fight poverty and inequality ?
