  they 've actually made huge progress on the mechanisms . 
  the legal ground work for a refugee solution is mostly here . 
  we 're passed halfway to the solution , at least . 
  well , older people will be more aware of the history surrounding these places and issues , which will give them greater insight . 
  for instance , with the greek crisis , older users may remember reporting of the end of [ fixed exchange rates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floating_exchange_rate ) in 1971 . there would have been a lot of reporting on this in the years following 1971 as well . 
  also , people may remember the introduction of [ independent central banks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_bank#independence ) , for instance the bank of england in 1998 . 
  people who know about this ( by virtue of being around at the time ) will necessarily know more about the uses and theory behind monetary policy . 
  additionally , i would hope that older people who enjoy reading the news will , eventually , realise the central importance of certain themes ( such as economics , politics , language , certain national cultures , etc ) for understanding these events and therefore read up on them ( e.g. 
  after the rise of the greek debt crisis i decided to read [ the undercover economist ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-undercover-economist-tim-harford/dp/0349119856 ) by tim hartford , a financial times journalists who focuses on the various theoretical approaches to recessions ) . 
  as such , when the syriza debt renegotiations came around , i felt as though i understood what was happening very well and what the potential ramifications were ( although that also rested on a lot of political and legal understanding i gained from my reading elsewhere about the nature of intergovernmentalism and supranationalism within the eu ) . 
  -- i think the central crux of the matter is , that if you 're older you 're more likely to have done the things listed above , and therefore be more intelligent in your approach to the news . 
  you wo n't * necessarily * be more intelligent , but it is far more likely that you will be . 
  only really funny dick jokes , and only if you say them must_warn_others sent you . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's also what our moderator mail looks like . 
  just two or three people ( usually zero day old accounts ) spamming stuff like that and then getting insta muted . 
  oh the things we do for this community ... 
  to be fair , i would considered myself pretty well informed about eu politics ( as that 's one of the central areas of my degree ) but even i do n't have a particularly strong opinion on schulz or mario draghi . 
  i mean , i would probably give draghi a mildly positive rating , because i get the impression that he is pushing for a pan-eu response to the debt crisis which actually works , but even i do n't know enough about it to have a serious discussion on it . 
  it 's just a few facts and figures . 
  schulz is even more ambiguous . 
  he 's just the ep president , and head of the s&d group . 
  i know that he is fairly well known and is probably the most influential parliamentarian , but ... what he stands for ? 
  what is he achieving ? 
  i know that he is social democratic and that he generally pushes for more powers for the ep , but , again , i do n't know anywhere near as much about him as i do about a whole * range * of national politicians and even a range of national politicians in other countries ( like steinmeier , westerwelle , sch\u00e4uble , steinbr\u00fcck , gysi ) . 
  to be fair , i would probably have a much stronger opinion on commissioners , like oettinger , vestager and junker than i do about parliamentarians . 
  the commissioners actually do stuff that is interesting , where as the parliamentarians just sit there and naval gaze , and usually their navel gazing is just irrelevant . 
  so boring that he is [ frightened by confetti ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koku6sd3klq ), 
   / r/eurogirls top post says pants when they mean trousers . 
  obviously these are not eurogirls . 
  ** everything is a lie **, 
  you remember 11/9 ? 
  [ tell me more subreddit elder !, 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/07/16/article-2174466-13b77ea9000005dc-539_468x286.jpg ) !, 
  i think we feel the same way . 
  we both see the real benefit in working together as a continent , and the eu is the best means to do that . 
  there is definitely a * link * between being pro-europe and the eu , even if they 're not the same thing . 
  the link is still there . 
  still , just because we support the * ideas * behind the eu ( being pro-europe ) does n't mean we have to be uncritical . 
  i am quite critical . 
  i think that the migration crisis was mishandled ( although with the moves towards a re-location scheme and deportations for failed asylum seekers , it is radically improving ) and that there are structural faults in the euro . 
  however , non of these problems are insurmountable and non of them make me even question my europhilia . 
  as engaged citizens , we need read up and then speak up . 
  we need to make the passionate case for the ideals of the eu and make a passionate case for how and why the eu should be reformed to reflect that . 
  we should n't just standby and say that everything is perfect , because it 's not . 
  but we should stand up and say that the solution to our problems are european solutions , not national solutions , and that is the foundation from which we should tackle our problems from now on into the future . 
  you 've obviously not seen when euro news pops up in the uk subs . 
  it 's easy for human beings to criticise o the places . 
  that 's why i love this sub so much . 
  we all share it and it 's easy for natives of the country to just easily say ` uhem , you 're talking bullshit and here 's why ' . 
  everyone walks away far more informed than they were previously . 
  do n't be upset that ignorance existed , he happy when you it being chipped away at . 
  i 've never particularly tied my identity to the european union . 
  however , i do see myself as first and foremost european . 
  the european union is the expression of that . 
  that means , i believe i have shared values and history with people all around europe , from scandinavia to france to germany to greece . 
  we all have an intertwined history and an intertwined cultured ( most of it dating back to the ancient greeks ) . 
  nothing the eu does can stop me feeling european , just like nothing the un does can stop me feeling human . 
  it 's just one government we happen to have . 
  i will always support the ideas behind the eu , that we are a single people and should live and work together in peace , even if i criticise the implementation of those principles ( which i do , frequently ) . 
  so you can be critical of the eu in practice whilst still being a fervent supporter of the goals of the project and whilst steel being an ardent european and an ardent europhile . 
   in the uk , adoption by national law is necessary , so they had to pass it as national law . 
  i do n't think that 's the case ... 
  in the uk we passed the human rights act ( in 1998 , iirc ) in parliament which directly incorporates the european convention on human rights ( which was a treaty , passed decades previously ) into british law . 
  the * reason * for this was because * before * uk courts were unable to make judgements on human rights grounds . 
  this meant , that if a uk citizen/resident wanted to pursue a human rights case , they had to apply to the european court in strasbourg , france directly , which took * aaaggees * ( like , years , if not decades ) to come to a decision because the european court in strasbourg takes cases from all over europe but only has a handful of judges . 
  so the human rights act that i mentioned earlier simply allows uk courts to interpret human rights legislation directly , without going to strasbourg ( although you can still appeal a uk court 's decision to the strasbourg court if you want to ) . 
  it is simply a nice time saving measure . 
  so , the uk is n't really special in the way you made it seem . 
  there 's no need to adopt international treaties in uk law . 
  we sometimes do adopt eu legislation directly into british law ( it 's called ` iron plating ' ) but a lot of eu countries do that to varying degrees and it 's not really a requirement , just something that is useful to do to clear up ambiguities . 
  but , like i said , that 's just iron plating for eu decisions , where as what we 're talking about here has nothing to do with the eu . 
  this is purely a european convention of human rights thing and we did it ( pass the human rights act , that is ) in order to allow uk residents to access justice more quickly . 
  it 's that simple . 
  the uk has been told several times by the european court to give prisoners the vote , but the uk just says `` nope '' and prisoners still ca n't vote ... 
  yes , it 's entirely overblown . 
  it 's 4 individuals as far as i know . 
  the headline is supposed to make it look like everyone in calais is allowed to come which is just total bs . 
  * feins shock * who ever would have expected it ? 
  apart from like , the entire world , and maybe a few passing aliens . 
  arrows were n't perfect either . 
  arrows were easily capable of piercing chainmail armour , but pretty awful at piercing plate armour , making them basically useless against such enemies . 
  however , rocks will hurt you even if you 're wearing plate . 
  it wo n't kill ( at least not easily ) but could seriously fatigue and concuss you so that you 're child 's play when swordsman comes to finish the job . 
  additionally , a lot of enemies were still fighting naked in europe even after 1,000 ad , [ such as the irish ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eurodocs/comments/413vk1/bbcs_the_story_of_ireland/ ) . 
  interesting . 
  thank you for the information . 
  have some upvotes . 
  i hate to be nitpicky , but the guardian 's entire source is one woman saying it looks as though it was organised . 
  it 's not exactly conclusive . 
  i 've seen them and non or them made much if any mention of coordination or organisation . 
  that 's why i am asking . 
  it sounds like the user is spouting their own beliefs as though they are facts . 
  the onus is on them to prove their statement is correct, 
   cologne was a coordoninated assault and not a bunch of drunk people not minding their manners . 
  could you provide some more information on that ? 
  edit : i 'll never understand downvoting people for asking questions ... 
  yeah , i kind of agree . 
  i mean , if you base who can turn up to the debates on seats alone , then it just perpetuates the current ruling elite forever . 
  you need to allow newbies a chance to air their views .
