  the eu uses its economic weight to coerce european states to adopt reforms in their democratic systems . 
  this is one of the many reasons the vatican city and others can never be eu members : they 're not democracies . 
  the corruption you mention would have to be dealt with if ukraine was ever to become an eu member . 
  this can parltly be seen in the accession critieria ( from wikipedia page ` enlargement of the european union ' ) `` according to the eu treaties , membership of the european union is open to `` any european state which respects the values referred to in article 2 and is committed to promoting them '' ( teu article 49 ) . 
  those article 2 values are `` respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . '', 
  this is based on the 1993 `` copenhagen criteria '' agreed as it became clear many former eastern bloc countries would apply to join ; ''  whether pressured or not , ukraine 's decision to strengthen ties with russia is neither surprising nor necessarily consequential for the eu . 
  the ukraine is closer to russia geographically and , in many ways , they share common historical experiences -- albeit often painful ones . 
  closer economic ties among neighbouring countries are made often out of necessity . 
  additionally , while russia 's economy might be stagnating kiev needs to think in the long term . 
  at present , the eu has enough problems of their own . 
  instead of looking beyond its already overstretched borders , politicians need to sort out their myriad economic challenges and the corollaries of socio-economic problems . 
  before inviting more guests , it 's worth cleaning up . 
  as for being closer geographically , i 'd just like to point out the ukraine shares a border with ** both ** the european union * and * the russian federation . 
  ukraine has a border with romania , poland and slovakia . 
  so the geographic element is moot . 
  ukraine has a lot historically in common with russia , but a ) that 's little justification for continued relationships with russia ; you probably would n't say that the uk and roi should be one country because of `` history '' b ) ukraine * also * has a lot historically in common with the rest of europe and it 's just as positive/negative . 
  kiev is n't thinking in the long term by siding with russia . 
  it 's thinking in the short term by siding with russia . 
  yanukovych ( president of ukraine ) would never be re-elected if russia cut off gas supplies and trade . 
  however this issues would only continue for at most a couple of years but the various freedoms to individuals granted by the eu , the economic benefits and the reforms which would need to take place would be much better for ukraine in the longer term than subcoming to russian sanctions ( by sanctions i 'm referring to the manner in which russia suddenly tests ukraine or other e.european states ' exports and decides they are unsuitable . 
  the same has happened to exports from the baltic states ) . 
   economic integration is difficult within countries let alone at a supranational level . 
  in canada , regional disparity and wealth distribution is rife . 
  according to harper 's conservatives , the recently signed eu-canada trade deal will benefit all canadians in a number of ways . 
  however , whether canadians across the country will feel the benefits is another issue altogether . 
  ontario premier kathleen wynne has supported the deal because it gives manufacturers and services increased access to european goods . 
  but , as the cbc pointed out , the deal will also allow european companies to bid on local and provincial contracts . 
  invariably , businesses and the wealth created as a result of the eu trade deal will benefit specific provinces -- and particular regions and cities within them . 
  like all of the eu 's documents , the trade agreements look great on paper , but the degree to which they benefit all involved in the process is less than certain . 
  as a final note , i do n't know why the eu not benefitting all areas equally is necessarily a negative . 
  the european common market is about increasing * overall wealth * and not distributing it evenly . 
  distributing it evenly can be done at a * national * level . 
  i saw collapses and tymoshenko in the title and became overly excited that the protests had overthrown tymoshenko :( i knew i was being overly optimistic . 
  hey canada , you would n't mind if we docked some boats in vancuuver and montreal for a little while , would you . 
  just a few days ... oh , and some of the boats are nuclear submarines & # 3232 ; \u222a & # 3232 ;, 
  does anybody have further information which evaluates whether the ` hope not hate ' pressure group is trustable and/or whether their investigation is solid . 
  to me it sounds very unlikely that some random charity would be able to found out about a secret operation by the french secret services . 
  this deserves to be evaluated properly and not just accepted . 
  it would n't be the first time a pressure group has made something up in order to further their own cause . 
  surely this is being reported on in french media ? 
  reminds me of the pictures the pictures around buckingham palace when diana died . 
  any news on when the agreement will be done by and when government will start behaving as usual again ? 
  to e honest i 've never looked into the economist . 
  i 'll have to do that . . 
  british news sites have the same problem . 
  does n't matter what site , guardian , telegraph , dm , bbc . 
  it 's all shite . 
  i pretty much agree with what you 've said . 
   there are n't really any other options for mod intervention , we can only delete comments and threads , and ban users , and none of those are at all appropriate for this issue , apart from the occasional case of a heavily editorialized headline . 
  i was just wondering if you could explain why , as a mod , some of the other options which have been suggested would n't be appropriate ? 
  * hiding the scores for an hour like on / r/todayilearned or / r/unitedkingdom * removing the downvote button even if / r/europe does n't have a particular problem with downvoting , surely introducing some of these measures would be helpful in any subreddit ? 
  suspicion is the only metric we have as no one is willing to do a subreddit wide survey and if they did we would n't trust them . 
  whilst it hurts discussion in one aspect it helps it in the other by avoiding part of the hive mind problem . 
  if people ca n't see what other members of the community have voted , then they 'll be more likely to come to an independent conclusion and reply not knowing if their opinion is popular or not leading to a much better articulated argument . 
  people will still know if they are being heard . 
  they just have to wait one hour to know whether people appreciate what they 've heard . 
  i 'm not proposing that we `` change the system willy nilly '' i 'm suggesting that we have a trial period to help identify if their are problems or if we can improve the sight . 
  you ca n't just stand opposed to all change . 
  how many people have been banned before ? 
  alternative suggestion : hide the comment score for at least an hour before people are allowed to see what a comment 's score is , * for a trial period of a week/month * . 
  i 'd also like to trial hiding the downvote button and see how that shapes discussion , just for a month or week and then assess if it should be permanent . 
  i disagree with all of your premises :d 1 . 
  `` welcome to reddit '' : horrible reason to do anything . 
  just because things are bad does n't mean it should be accepted . 
  do you think serbia should put a sign up to all people entering the country which says `` you might get blown up by a mine , but we warned you so now it 's not our problem and we 're not going to try and fix it ! '', 
  it 's not about karma it 's about visibility and discussion . 
  downvoted comments get sent to the bottom of the page for people to ignore . 
  not good for open discussion . 
  evidence please . 
  most subreddits i 've been on which hide the downvote button or put a little reminder on it tend to have much better discussions . 
  it 's not a definite fixer of the problem , but it 's a remedy which correlates with success . 
  mods should intervene . 
  they guide the conversation . 
  we need mods to help ensure the community stays open and vital . 
  the mods do n't exist as separate to the community , they are part of the community and should be leaders in keeping the discussion in this place vibrant , and not complacent . 
  i heartily second that motion, 
  what the hell is going on in this picture ? 
  wow . 
  i knew moldova was quite culturally divided , but i did n't know it was * that * bad . 
  and how do you feel about the soviet union and russia ? 
  would you say that you feel angry about the soviet union ? 
  do you feel angry about russia in its present form ? 
  same problems i 've already mentioned apart from on a more global perspective rather than a uk or european perspective . 
  different issues keep reoccurring as page filler . 
  it 's just that issues they keep coming back to happen to be different issues than the ones uk newspapers keep coming back to . 
  online news sources are going to have the problem of over saturation much more than a daily newspaper because online media is updated constantly instead of merely daily . 
  what i 'm looking for is basically a weekly instead of daily newspaper ( whether or not the paper is physical or not is not important ) with a european or uk perspective . 
  either would suit me fine , but they appear to be quite hard to find . 
  [ the bbc has picked up the story now too ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25078952 ) . 
  they put attendance estimates at 100,000 people . 
  according to wikipedia the population of kiev is 2.85 million . 
  this problem is inherent in all daily papers . 
  guardian , telegraph , dm , socialist worker , the independent and so on . 
  the only daily paper i can think of which even vaguely gets around this problem is ` i ' from the independent which costs twenty pence as opposed to the normal # 1.20 and is absolutely tiny so they can only fit in a very small amount of news . 
  this means they tend to pick the more important stories but if there actually is something worth reading about then chances are that they 'll go into almost no detail on it and leave what actually happened up to your imagination . 
  so that 's no good either . 
  i started reading the papers again recently so that i 'd have something to talk about with our school 's german tutor . 
  has anyone else realised that the newspapers do n't actually report on much ? 
  there 'll be a couple of big stories a long the lines of `` famous celebrity x did something or other '' or `` not-famous not-selebrity normal member of your community did something or other '' . 
  that 'll generally be the headline and then half of what 's inside is advertisement .
