  you may very well be displeased with some of the elements of this subreddit which have dwindled and withered away with time ( i would love for you to tell me what some of those are , perhaps we can focus more on bringing them back or preserving them ) , but you will notice that some of the problems of this subreddit have also dwindled , when the growth of our user base would suggest they should have gotten worse . 
  i 'm talking about the roma hate threads which you do n't see anymore . 
  every thread would get derrailed by anti-immigration rhetoric , racial hatred and upon that we would often be brigaded from extreme far right parts of the internet such as stormfront ( we have verified on two separate occasions that heavy brigading occured ) who would deny the holocaust and promote the shooting down of boats filled with refugees ( that particular individual went on to become head moderator of / r/european ) . 
  i appreciated that you value community . 
  i value it too . 
  it 's what 's great about reddit . 
  but i think that the mod team and the community have to work together in a simbiotic relationship . 
  in large subreddits which want to maintain a high level of quality and debate , the moderators must act as editors , because with the lack of such curration , the content * will * tend towards lowest common denominator content such as memes , gifs , jokes , one-line-comebacks and tend away from genuine in depth debate . 
  i wish that we could just leave the community to its own thing entirely and have a glorious in depth debate , and that 's largely what we did a year ago when we had 60,000 subscribers , but the reality is different one year on now that we have 300,000 subscribers and we 're more of a target than ever for brigading from all parts of reddit as well as extremist sites . 
  i appreciate that the quality of here is n't mega a * quality , but in my honest opinion the quality is largely the same as it was a year ago and that is , in my opinion , a huge achievement despite the growth . 
  i really appreciate your concern and criticism , and i appreciate your expertise in law , but this is a matter of social media management . 
  i would love for our rules to be up to the standards of national parliaments , backed up by the courts and drafted by armies of civil servants , but we do n't have the resources and and even if we did , such an approach would n't work because we 're managing a social media platform and not a country . 
  so whilst i appreciate your concerns i can only ask that you empathise with the reasons we have had to implement them and keep that in mind , in order to provide constructive feed back that we can work with . 
  sorry for the wall of text , but i thought i owe it to you as a long time user to explain myelf to you properly . 
  where 's this ? 
  this submission has been removed under rules 2.1 and 2.5, 
  on a scale of one to french , i 'd say that england ( situation is obviously very different in wales , where they have their own language , and northern ireland 's another planet ) is about halfway between the two , maybe slightly closer to one . 
  obviously the english do n't feel much need for their language to be promoted abroad , on account of the fact that it is the de facto lingua franca of the whole planet already . 
  the thing is , there 's a rather sizable proportion of the country which is * very * defensive about people who `` com ' ` ver ` ere , 'n don ' mak ' eny ' effot t ' learn ` language '' . 
  there 's an ingrained belief that anybody who comes here should speak english , and that they should speak it to a very high ( read : native ) standard . 
  obviously this is n't everyone and there 's a lot of shades of opinion on the matter , but there 's a very large minority in the country ( and it extends beyond the confines of the ukip voters ) who have a zero tolerance policy of people in the uk who do n't speak english to a native level . 
  1 how is this ? 
  how come lithuania has such a disproportionate influence on the global laser market ? 
  2 how do you define last nation to convert to christianity ? 
  there 's some nations which still are n't ( e.g. 
  muslim bosnia and herzegovina ), 
  you 're underestimating what it is to be of the right these days . 
  conservative parties ( the traditiona ` right ' parties of europe ) are increasingly adapting ` progressive conservatives ' . 
  which supports gay rights and is notionally against racism . 
  those issues have been won in main stream politics . 
  just because there 's no 20th century levels of lunatic right wing ideas does n't mean what you say here today is n't very right wing . 
  it 's just modern right wing instead of lunatic fascist right wing , and some of the stuff which * does * get posted here ( but is usually removed promptly ) * is * genuinely neo-fascist . 
   i ca n't really be proud to be something i did n't accomplish to become just like to point out that you * can * be proud of things which have nothing/very little to do with you . 
  for instance , most parents are familiar with the feeling of being proud of their children 's achievements , even those achievements which the parents ca n't justifiable claim any credit . 
  you can be proud of your friends , for overcoming their own personal challenges and making their own achievements , and you can even feel the same about your parents . 
  so when you keep this particular stranf or proudness in mind , you * can * justifiable be proud of europe as a culture and a community , for all its great achievements ( industrialisation , rationalism , the enlightement , democracy , capitalism , our music , our contributions to humanity and peace , et al ) or on the other hand be disappointed ( our history of colonialism and subjugations of peoples abroad and at home , our genocides , our polution , capitalism [ again ] , et al ) . 
  when you keep in mind that you * can * be proud of an abstract concept , can you also be proud to be part of that abstract concept ? 
  this submission has been removed pending a source, 
  that 's a good idea . 
  i might just do that . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  this is less than 0.1 % of the subreddit population in this thread . 
  most of the comments are angry , but in my opinion it 's likely largely just a loud minority , but most people are fine and just get on with their day . 
  that reminds me ... we should really do that survey . 
  if it 's said in jest ( which 99 % f the time it is ) then that 's fine . 
  all the ` hur dur french smell and the british ca n't cook ' stuff is fine because it 's not hateful . 
  it 's just humour . 
  if it 's hateful ( xenophobic , bigoted , etc ) , then we have a problem, 
  that makes at least three of us * go silent majority *, 
  we could have made the rules ten thousand words long and be prepared for every possible scenario , but if we tried that it would fail because there 's an infinite number of potential scenarios . 
  so we 've given a list of rules which are as precise as we can make them whilst still being short enough for average readers to consult . 
  any questions users have about the application of these rules can be asked here , and i will answer them . 
  i do n't see any viable alternative way . 
  there 's a reason we 've done things the way we have and its because all alternatives are in someway deficient . 
  you can downvotes me and complain that it is not perfect , but at the end of the day i feel compelled to make progress on the operation of this subreddit and am willing to make decisions and actions towards that end . 
  if someone else was in that position , i 'm sure they would act the same, 
  then arbitrary line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  where precisely would you draw it ? 
  please provide a source, 
  if so , they can apply for an appeal under the grounds that they had no malicious intent . 
  then one of us will explain precisely why it 's banned, 
   i 've never seen anybody deny the holocaust here and why might that be ? 
  in my defence ... my spell check is broken ... that 's a shit defence , i know , but ... 
  i will ban myself . 
  there is precisely one example where we will ban based on the cohabition example . 
  many modern right wing extremist groups , or neo-fascists , claim that immigration will * necessarily * lead to a war between cultures . 
  it 's only people who go down that particular line of reason that this rule gets applied to . 
  it 's very similar to the holocaust denial example . 
  the only sorts of people who deny the holocaust are people who have an extremely hateful and violent agenda . 
  there is no place for racial hatred here , which is why we do n't allow those sorts of comments . 
  you 're thing about belfast is fine ( if even if i disagree personally with you ) . 
  i would n't call zionism or isis a culture . 
  i 'd call one an ideology and the other a state . 
  we mods are humans too . 
  we 're not gon na ban people for making a joke . 
  you can expect all of the rules here to be applied as a human being would apply them , not a robot . 
  banned  * tu as et\u00e9 interdu  * ( of course that 's fine . 
  [ there 's a comment here . 
  it explains it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30ulo9/reurope_has_an_amazing_new_shiny_revised_set_of/cpw05jt ) ) * ( clairement c'est d'accord . 
  il l' a expliqu\u00e9 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30ulo9/reurope_has_an_amazing_new_shiny_revised_set_of/cpw05jt ) ) *, 
  1 ) rule 1.1 . is about being * hateful * . 
  if you 're calling americans fat or germans unfunny , i 'd hardly call that hate . 
  2 ) essentially , yes . 
  if you saying germans , as a society , are more industrious , which is good , then that 's fine . 
  if you start saying that germans are just ` better ' generally ( especially if this cultural superiority implies that other peoples are inferior ) then that could cause problems . 
  3 ) if you post some news , but the source is not reliable , then we will remove it as such . 
  there 's only a * very * limited number of domains which we remove in this way though . 
  it 's virtually only the ones mentioned . 
  for instance , i do n't think it would be appropriate for a tubmlr source to be posted here in place of a real news website . 
  hating because of culture is certainly the lesser of those two ( out of race and culture ) . 
  and we would typically only take action if two further requirements were filled that a ) that there was some degree of advocation for * violence * based on culture b ) if this was a consistent theme in the users posting history ( assuming that they have a posting history ) . 
  i 'll take a look into it . 
  there 's a few other subreddits who have worthwhile ideas we could learn from ( apparently / r/denmark has some good regular stickied discussion threads ) . 
    info-graphics , images , selfs posts and other similar content which makes ( an ) assertion ( s ) but lacks ( a ) source ( s ) will be removed . 
  the original submitter [ op ] should post the source ( if it is not cited in the submission itself ) as soon as possible . 
  if the op receives a message from a moderator stating that their post has been delisted [ removed ] due to lack of source , they may still provide the source and the the submission will be relisted [ unremoved ] . 
  but moderators frequently require hours to respond to such messages . 
   what exactly constitutes a source ? 
  for instance , would a note like `` source : economist intelligence unit '' in a corner of an image suffice ? 
  how lenient or strict do you intend to be on content removals ?
