  likewise , bosnia was n't handled nearly as well as mali or libya , which are kind of the epitome of how to handle these sorts of things . 
  wow , we 've really gotten gut at military intervention . 
  i mean , if you look at some of the earlier attempts to have a quick get in and then get out again approach as was had in iraq and afghanistan , you can see that it failed miserably . 
  but after those two , the west has been much better at stepping in and basically deciding who wins a war . 
  from bosnia , to libya and now mali . 
  they 've become better and better coordinated so now these `` problems '' get sorted out in a matter of months like was originally intended for iraq and afghanistan . 
  just thought the improvement was note worthy . 
  i 'm not sure what to think about it . 
  jews were n't completely locked out of society living off begging & violent crime . 
  they kind of were . 
  i mean , by 1930 some of these laws were being repealed but there were a lot of actual laws restricting the ways jews and jewish communities could work . 
  they were barred from most forms of manual labour , which led them to the afore mentioned banking . 
   also they were envied for their wealth acquired through business and banking . 
  * some * were envied for their wealth . 
  many lived in gated communities like a lot of the roma do today . 
  those gated communities being sort of shanty towns , rather than something pleasant . 
  does any one else think it looks like the roma people of today are very similar to the jews of c. 1930 ? 
  good . 
  israel 's a developed country and should be criticised like every other developed country . 
  it should n't be side stepped around because something bad once happened to a bunch of people who used to live their , but have now almost completely passed on . 
  * maybe * israel could once use the holocaust of its people as an excuse for its actions , but that was a long time ago now . 
  there 's plenty to be critical of in israel , as is the case in even the most upstanding countries . 
   and now it could end up ripping that apart . 
  well , it probably wo n't bring about another war but it 's sown so much distrust and hatred it 's going to take a long time to get over . 
  i 'd it 's still very much undetermined what the effects of the euro are . 
  personally i think the eu and eurozone has brought the people have europe so much closer together than they were before . 
  that sense of unity might be taking a * small * dip recently with the economic troubles , but * hey * it is a sovereign debt crisis , financial crisis , recession , physical currency crisis all rolled into one . 
  i 'd be surprised if there were n't some vocal groups around europe talking about hoe europe is crap , ect . 
  27 nations of europe and counting ( when does croatia ascend ? ), 
  are bound to together in a political and economic union . 
  we have pan european pressure groups and pan european party alliances . 
  we have pan european politicians . 
  we can all , as europeans , look at some of the same people and collectively agree that they 're cunts . 
  i can agree with europeans on certain issues much more than i can with my fellow countrymen . 
  the thing here , is that we 're looking at the eurocrisis from inside the euroecrisis . 
  if you look at it with historical perspective , all the visible anger between nations ( both the people and the politicians ) seems so much more superficial . 
  so much more irrelevant . 
  it 's very easy to see how bad things are when when all you 're doing is looking at them head on . 
  if you look at them next to all the stuff that has come before , it does n't look nearly as bad . 
  it hardly looks bad at all and merely becomes a hiccup . 
  the eu will probably be around for a very long time , in a quite similar form to how it is today . 
  the euro currency is more uncertain , but if that fails it does n't mean it 's the end of anything , apart from that specific currency . 
  all the euro failing would mean , is that the euro was a badly designed currency . 
  the sense of friendship between europeans will not be lost because one of the pan european projects failed . 
  we have plenty of other successful ones like the european convention on human rights , or the european space agency or cern , or the common market . 
  europeans today feel so close that they can * contemplate * having a unified foreign and defence policy . 
  they 're so close that politicians can bail out other european countries with billions to and not far from trillions of euros in bailouts and still have a good shot at being re-elected . 
  that takes a lot of closeness . 
  i would n't worry about angst between different eu members . 
  we 'll be fine , and we 'll probably continue to move closer together . 
  the speed at which we move closer together is uncertain . 
  i hope it 's a slow but steady pace . 
  but i do n't think much could derail the project . 
  reminds me of how a lot of people talk of thatcher . 
  i fear the eu would take a lot longer than his normal 5 minutes to explain . 
  you can do half of the city of london , or one voting mechanic in five minutes but a whole institution is hard . 
  my teachers have been trying to teach us how the uk gov works for an entire year now and the details are still pretty vague . 
  finally some thing pretty much all europeans can bond over besides the war !, 
  that modding your car makes you look like kind of an annoying so and so . 
  i did n't realise thatcher was so internationally famous until yesterday . 
  this is how the thing you linked to ranks the different entries . 
  ( you 'll understand my point even if you do n't read any of this small text ) . 
   ^ ( the index is based on data from more than 50,000 startups around the world who are using the startup genome 's startup compass , an automated analyst in the cloud that helps businesses make better decisions via benchmarks and actionable recommendations . 
  ( note that the dataset is heavily skewed towards early stage startups , although it does include many later stage companies doing millions of dollars a year in revenue . 
  the dataset contains extensive anonymized data on nearly all aspects of the startups ' businesses , including finances , team , product , sales , marketing , business model , market and demographic & psychographic information about the founders ) . 
  ^ ( the first column in the index is the overall ranking , followed by 8 weighted component indexes that are the inputs to the overall ranking , . 
  the index is n't perfect , but it is a robust 80 % solution that will be optimized in future versions . 
  feedback is always welcome at feedback@startupcompass.co . 
  here is how we define the eight weighted component indexes : startup output index : the startup output index represents the total activity of entrepreneurship in the region , controlling for population size and the maturity of startups in the region . 
  funding index : the funding index measures how active and how comprehensive the risk capital is in a startup ecosystem . 
  company performance index : the company performance index measures the total performance and performance potential of startups in a given startup ecosystem , taking into account variables such as revenue , job growth , and potential growth of companies in the startup ecosystem . 
  mindset index : the mindset index measures how well the population of founders in a given ecosystem thinks like a great entrepreneur , where a great entrepreneur is visionary , resilient , has a high appetite for risk , a strong work ethic and an ability to overcome the typical challenges startups face . 
  trendsetter index : the trendsetter index measures how quickly a startup ecosystem adopts new technologies , management processes , and business models . 
  where startup ecosystems that stay on the cutting edge are expected to perform better over time . 
  there 's a good chance the trendsetter index is a leading indicator of the future success of a startup ecosystem . 
  the trendsetter score for example corroborates with the prevailing excitement expressed about the berlin and sydney startup ecosystems , while also aligning with the anecdotal evidence we have received about the conservative culture and slow pace of adaptation in the chicago and tel aviv startup ecosystems . 
  support index : the support index measures the quality of the startup ecosystem 's support network , including the prevalence of mentorship , service providers and types of funding sources . 
  talent index : the talented index basically measures how talented the founders in a given startup ecosystem are , taking into account age , education , startup experience , industry domain expertise , ability to mitigate risk and previous startup success rate . 
  differentiation index : the differentiation index measures how different a startup ecosystem is to silicon valley , taking into account the demographics and what types of companies are started there . 
  since silicon valley is the # 1 ecosystem it is assumed that other ecosystems will perform better if they differentiate themselves from silicon valley and establish their own strengths . ), 
  this is how the oxford american dictionary define venture capital  venture capital noun capital invested in a project in which there is a substantial element of risk , typically a new or expanding business . 
  these sound like different things . 
  even mighty stockholm ? 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  the big european hubs and the big american hubs excluding silicon valley seem like a perfect match for each other . 
  neither really surpassing the other significantly . 
  acht , i get the im and em mixed up far too often :(, 
  that was very interesting/insightful . 
  i wanted to add that sometimes particular nationalities seem to be slightly avoided though i 'm not sure if this is just my group of people . 
  i know my family and a lot of my social group * never * say the word `` paki '' or `` pakistani '' in conversation because some thing always sounds off about it . 
  it has something to do with more old and more racist people saying stuff like `` oh would you go to the paki shop and buy me some cigarettes ? '', 
  or `` how 'd this mess get here ? '', 
  `` bloody pakis '' ect . 
  so we tend to find alternative words or structure the sentence to avoid it , in a similar way one might structure a sentence to avoid saying `` uranus '' . 
  whilst we can all agree that [ this sort of thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zamdgoskura ) is * awesome * , it probably is n't that great in terms of gdp figures which is sort of what we 're thinking about . 
  the boston area probably is n't that much better , if better at all , than silicon roundabout ( london ) or stockholm or estonia . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand what you mean exactly ? 
  you 'd think that this list being made by a journalist , they 'd include journalism/reporting as a profession :( on a more general note , there was a post in here a while back saying that one tenth of unemployment in europe could be eradicated if all the unfilled jobs were filled . 
  i just thought that was interesting in demonstrating how high labour demand actually is , despite unemployment . 
  i agree with you on asia .
