  we often enjoy going out into the sunshine in the middle of the day and just sitting there , outside , in the `` warm '' . 
  i believe this is the most recent set of results http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1x0c08/reuropes_official_biannual_survey_results_end_of/ and this is the survey before that , for comparison . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1imf4r/the_results_are_in_the_official_reurope_survey/ i find comparing it to to the information at eurostat to be interesting , because they often ask similar sorts of questions , meaning that you can see in what ways / r/europe differs from the eu average . 
  when that happens , we 'll make it a subreddit slogan or something . 
   / r/europe , officially more popular than ( / r / ) blowjobs, 
  i think that 's more like the british virgin islands , isle of mann and gibraltar . 
  still sort of part of the uk , but not london . 
  with the language thing , surely the main benefit of having * basic * italian in italy is not so much for being able to understand , although that will be very useful , especially in terms of reading ( e.g. 
  signs , road signs , leaflets , newspapers ) and understanding what 's going on around you ( even if it 's not being said directly to you ) but is actually to ingratiate yourself to people . 
  shouting that you 're gun worshipping christian , with a `` fanny pack '' and spurs on their boots can all be chalked up to cultural differences , but if you wo n't even say grazie for your meal or ciao when you enter the restaurant just comes off as insensitive and like you 're not even trying to fit in . 
  if you can introduce yourself in basic italian and then ask to switch ( in italian ) to english , then people will be very happy to do so . 
  it can make all the difference in the world , and even if it does n't seem to make any difference on your end , it will make the other person feel a lot more comfortable around you . 
  additionally , and this is directed at op more directly , do n't beat yourself up because you sucked at ` high school ' german and spanish . 
  as a british person who 's good at languages , the system has a lot more to do with it than the person . 
  if you 're living in the country it means you are in a * much more * immerse environment than a class room can ever be . 
  your italian education will be 24/7 instead of a meagre 5 hours a week ( or is it less ? 
  ) , not including holidays and sick days . 
  and keep in mind that you are going to be in this place * for three years * . 
  24/7 italian immersion for 1092 days ( 364 x 3 ) will mean that you 'll at least be very good by the time you leave , 
  this is the case in most european countries . 
  germany finds something like 10,000 a year . 
  at around the time of becoming a geodefault we went from having 50 - 100 subscribers a day to 800-1 ,200 a day . 
  but i like to imagine that we 've just suddenly become very popular for some other , unidentified reason . 
  but my imaginations are probably wrong . 
  we used to do it every ten thousand new subscribers , but as time has passed , the rate of growth has increased and every 10 thousand subs seems like its too frequent . 
  we were planning to do it when we reached 60,000 , but in the past week or so we went from 60,000 to 70,000 . 
  so one should be taking place soonish , but / u/metaleks is taking point ( as he usually does ) on the survey , so it 's mostly his remit . 
  you might want to try over at / r/translation, 
  i usually find shorter buildings that are still tall relative to their surroundings , to be better for viewing the city you 're in than just super tall buildings . 
  for instance , i really loved the view of berlin from the reichstag , but hated it from the fernsehturm , despite the fernsehturm being better on paper because it 's , well , taller . 
  the thing is , mega tall buildings just do n't give you that perspective , and everything just feels really far away . 
  and that 's ireland out of the race . 
   montparnasse tour otherwise known as the ugliest thing in france . 
  seriously . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  however , neither of those have actually been built ( nor is anybody seriously planning on building them ) because they 're 22nd century or 23rd century rather than 21st . 
  we 'll have to make do with our current cool buildings for a while . 
  i remember driving into london once , and i had n't been since well before the construction of the shard had began , and we went over a hill after we were already deep into the centre of london , and then suddenly the shard was just * there * , towering above everything like the fucking eye of sauron . 
  [ this is the closest thing to the angle we saw it from ] ( http://paulclarke.com/photography/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/shard.jpg ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  i think i remember seeing this picture before the shard was built , because it 's actually a rendering designed to get people excited about the public viewing platform . 
  did he say he was wearing a british army uniform ? 
  how did they get hold of that ? 
  also , i wish they 'd gone into a bit more detail about him personally , why he decided to fight in ukraine , why he feels a connection , does he actually have any idea what he 's doing ? 
  just thought i 'd say that i approve of your correct spelling of normalises . 
  good job . 
  keep up the good work . 
  is that that one building which was built by some quite relatively crazy person and is the heaviest building on the planet ? 
  maybe you should join the eu and maybe you 'll be included !, 
  ^ ( unless you 're croatia ), 
  your over thinking this, 
  did you hear that italy ? 
  burn !, 
  even romanians are dissing on you . 
  why not ? 
  no , no . 
  i was referring to the romanian and passing judgement on the italians ( in a way intended to be humorous , rather than serious , mind ) . 
  takes one to know one, 
  elizabeth i was a world class writer ? 
  you learn something new everyday . 
  i 'm sure those guys are all great writers , but i 've honestly never heard of any them ( apart from f. bacon ) , let alone their work . 
  however i can name people like voltaire ( even if that is a pen name ) . 
  additionally , the king james bible was only a translation of the real bible , no ? 
  it does n't really grant england much gravitas for literary culture . 
  history , maybe . 
  i have watched it , and i 'm reading the book . 
  i certainly * prefer * the original british version , but then i took a-level government and politics and loved it . 
  however , the american version is a much better piece of tv work and i enjoy it in certain ways more than i enjoy the british one . 
  also , you should really watch breaking bad . 
  it 's perhaps the best story tv series or movie for character development this decade and is probably going to be the sort of thing that people remember watching many years down the line . 
  the first series or so is great , but is nothing in comparison to what it becomes . 
  what it 's really about is a long character arch , and i think that character arch really rivals a lot of great works of literature, 
  late 1500s and early 1600s were certainly a great time for british playwrights , but was there much else going on at that time ? 
  were we influential in paintings and music and did we have many great works of literature besides shakespeare ? 
  i do n't know the answers to that , but i 'm certainly not aware of much else . 
  one great artist does not a golden age make . 
  british music is very influential at the moment , but i think it falls down a similar problem in that it 's not enough by itself . 
  we 're no 17th century france . 
  you 're right in that music is certainly our most cutting edge aspect of culture at the moment . 
  i 'm just sceptical of whether that 's enough . 
  as for english being the lingua franca ( which is actually closer to `` frankish language '' , or so i have just been told ) , that really does have more to do with america than britain , as does the wearing of suits . 
  obviously the uk played a formative role itself in the earl part of the 20th century and prior , but america finished off what we started and has maintained it . 
  oh , and the parliamentary system is not a cultural thing . 
  that would be part of a political golden age , if anything , rather than a cultural one , given that the reasons they all adopted it was due to a legacy of political might , rather than cultural thought and contemplation . 
  personally i 'd be inclined to agree with you in that we 've never really had a cultural golden age , but i do n't think we 're really experiencing one now , either . 
  the last few years have been a peak indeed , what with the olympics and the jubilee and more distantly the royal wedding , and when something has the adjective `` british '' attatched it certainly holds more gravitas , but it 's not like we 're really considered world leaders in any particular cultural facet . 
  we 're very good at a lot of cultural stuff . 
  for instance , britain has a lot of great authors and a great literary tradition , but we 're certainly not the best . 
  britain has great art , but not the best . 
  a lot of the most cutting edge music in recent years has come from london , but certainly not the best . 
  we make good films , but not the best . 
  the important thing is that we 're doing a lot better at these cultural things than we used to , which is great for everyone , but we 're also doing about as good in world terms as we ever have because everyone else is also doing better than they have historically . 
  i mean , i 'd say america is certainly in a cultural golden age which is something historically that we 've not had to compete with , especially in film ( e.g. 
  breaking bad and house of cards ) . 
  maybe we should differentiate between different kinds of global ages : political , scientific and cultural . 
  for instance , the uk had a political golden age after the defeat of napoleon , where basically the uk was the foremost power in the world but we were also in a scientific golden age which had been happening since the industrial revolution . 
  however , the uk never ( or at least , not recently ) went through a cultural golden age , but the french were going through a cultural golden during the same period ( 1815-1914 ) which is why french food , art and language is so historically venerated , and partly why our word for `` global second language '' is * lingua franca * which literally means `` french language '' , despite france being ( globally ) quite politically weak in comparison to a lot other world powers . 
  out of curiosity , what degree was this part of ? 
  just a plain old law degree i 'm assuming ? 
  i just ask because i 'm considering a european studies degree or maybe european studies with joint honours ect .
