  plot twist : the republic of ireland is annexed by the uk , so the northern irish government assumes responsibility for all of ireland . 
  for queen and country !, 
  please do n't resort to comments which are just personal attacks . 
  you 're better than this . 
  please do n't resort to comments which are purely personal attacks . 
  you 're better than this . 
  the article itself actually says that most experts have a very hard time placing the bnp on a typical left/right spectrum because they focus more on single issues like immigration than on typical economic policies . 
  a good way of explaining it is that they are economically right very left wing , because they want a lot of state intervention , but they 're socially right wing , because they do n't like silly stuff such as human rights , equality , or most forms of freedom that we 've come to expect . 
  they 're ultra conservative on the social front . 
  which is why all of the mods oversee * each other * . 
  if we think one of us is overstepping the line we say so . 
  there have been * a lot * of heated arguments in the modmail about where exactly the line should be drawn on specific rules . 
  and there will continue to be so . 
  it 's a good way of holding every moderator to account , by making them accountable to every other moderator . 
  if you see this rule violated , then please report it . 
  the mods do miss things . 
  i certainly apply all the rules of the subreddit as i am looking through the comments section , but unfortunately the mods ca n't be in every thread all the time . 
   nobody dies from unsourced things on the internet . 
  no , but allowing unsourced submissions to flutter around does make a subreddit completely untrustworthy . 
  when i read something , i think it 's a pretty fundamental assumption that the thing you 're reading is actually true . 
  mods are there to ensure that . 
   if it 's false you can always prove it in a comment . 
  which most people will not do , and even if they do , it 's unlikely to get traction within the comments section and even it is literally the most up voted comment , many people will never go to the commons section at all and so will continue to be mislead . 
  that 's a rich comment coming from an american !, 
  this submission has been delisted because it lacks a source . 
  i 'm serious !, 
  show me where the french are god dammit !, 
  i offer myself as sacrifice . 
  removed until a source is provided . 
  removed under rule 2.6 . 
  the feeling , even if nobody else recognises it , that you 're doing a good job makes it worth while . 
  weve definitely not lost it . 
  i 'd debate whether you even could `` lose '' it given the fact moderation so basically a permanent and ongoing process . 
  there 's no losing , only good periods and bad periods . 
  but anyway , we could be a lot worse and i think the racism has only got bad in the last few weeks because of mediterranean crisis . 
  we have to allow a lot more potentially racist stuff than we normally would , because the migrant crisis is a pretty important issue that all sides as much as possible need to get a voice in . 
  when it dies down the ambiguity will go as we 'll be able to moderate more effectively again . 
  people really underestimate how much the events in europe itself effect the tone of the subreddit . 
  can only give a short answer : there 's a lot of reasons not to allow super far right hate speech on / r/europe . 
  firstly , whenever it is allowed to be discussed it frequently is taken up by people outside of this subreddit or outside of reddit completely ( stormfront ) who come here and vote and ensure that only pro-xenophobia comments are up voted . 
  reddit has little/no protection against outsiders with an agenda coming here and distorting discussion . 
  it 's the equivalent of us trying to have a reasonable debate and then somebody else coming in and shouting so that nobody else can be heared . 
  personally i would like some level of these views allowed here so they can be shown for what they are , but we 're limited in a practical way . 
  there 's still some sort of opinions we 'll just never allow . 
  anything which promotes violence , especially anything racial , is and should be a permanent instant ban . 
  justifying/advocating violence is paramount to actually committing a violent act yourself . 
  we will under no circumstances allow / r/europe to become a vehicle for the spread of violence . 
  this , unfortunately , as a lot of connection with a lot of far right extremists who we do n't allow here . 
  i hope this provides some insight into why we have these rules . 
  there is n't necessarily always a mod available , and we all tend to work in different ways . 
  i focus on things like sources , russophobia low quality content whilst other mods will pay more attention to things like islamophobia or hatred against roma or weeding out personal attacks or ensuring now personal information is shared or avoiding brigading . 
  so even if there is a mod there , they wo n't necessarily take an interest in certain types of rule violations because it may be more difficult for that mod to determine quickly whether a rule has been broken . 
  sorry for the unstructured comments . 
  i 'm currently on phone and in transit, 
  i 'd say at the moment there 's four very active mods , and a couple of others who do something 's behind the scenes . 
  even i 'm not totally aware of what everybody is doing or how active moderators are . 
  i know that a couple of accounts are almost completely inactive though . 
  keep in mind tht about a year ago , when three moderators including myself , were added but two of those left despite te subreddit growing . 
  ( we 've been grappling with all sorts of repercussions of that ever since ) the reason you usually only see me is because i make a deliberate point of being visible and making sure the mod team is represented . 
  i 'm very community minded where as the others can be extremely technically minded , and given the way a lot of users treat the moderators , it 's somewhat understandable that they do n't thrust themselves forward . 
  i 'd actually i say i deal with less of the spam filter and modmail than the other active mods . 
  i still do my fair share there , but just because you see me does n't mean the others arent also working hard . 
  this is it . 
  i 'm away from my computer currently . 
  from a cursory glance at the map it probably wo n't be allowed due to both lack of sources and quality , but i 'll need to look into it properly which i wo n't be able to do until i get home . 
  theres another thing which is pre occupying most other mods as i write this too . 
  hopefully once we 've got the new mods we wo n't have this problem so much . 
  edit : i 've given the map a proper inspection and yes it 's been removed . 
  you obviously did n't walk past europe house then !, 
  there 's at least two whole european flags in london , at least !, 
  is that not a shockingly large amount ? 
  well you kind of can . 
  if someone robs your to further their own self interest , i think you absolutely can blame them for that . 
  because it 's a shit idea . 
  [ obligatory cgpgrey video ; humans need not apply ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ), 
  people laugh at these quarterly growth figures , but it 's actually quite a good level . 
  remember , if you annualised it to make it cover the whole year , you would be growing by 1.2 % over the year , which is n't bad . 
  it 's not boom time economic growth , but if you can keep to up then it 's quite possibly a lot better than getting 3 % a quarter , because if you grow too quickly it 's just a code word for `` there 's going to be a huge financial crash soon '' . 
  germany and the uk have been touted as the strong economies of europe for quite some time now , and these were the sorts of quarterly figures they were making . 
  russia , and gypsies . 
  and the chances of this getting passed in the un just got seriously reduced, 
  sorry but this has been delisted . 
  it 's more / r/europics realm . 
   but is statutary law inside common law systems that restrictive when it comes down to interpretation ? 
  i ca n't talk much about other common law systems , but in the uk today the judiciary 's power to hold the government to account is almost non-existent compared to other countries . 
  the uk has no codified constitution and so is n't designed no the rational , constitutional basis that almost every other country isn . 
  in countries like the us and germany there is a thick constitution which distributes power into various branches , and sets super majorities which need to be reached in order for a constitutional amendment to be passed . 
  in the uk non of this is the case . 
  in the uk the parliament is entirely omni-competent . 
  it has power to legislate over all areas without reference to a constitution or a constitutional court . 
  non of its acts of parliament can be rendered illegal and any previous act of parliament can be overwritten . 
  and within parliament only one of the two chambers has any real power : the house of commons . 
  this is why i personally am very in favour of eu membership and european court of justice membership . 
  eu law takes precedence over uk law , so long as we remain a member of the eu . 
  obviously parliament can withdraw is from the eu at any time with a simple majority , but they 're unlikely to do that . 
  so effectively the eu enshrines a whole bunch of important legislation which we ca n't just weasel ourselves out of . 
  i know this will sound crazy , but the eu is actually a much better system of government than the uk is . 
  it has : a parliament which is elected using a proportional system , a second chamber of parliament ( council of ministers ) which has genuine power to veto legislation ( unlike the uk house of lords ) , it has a semi-independent executive branch ( where as in the uk the pm sits in the house of commons ) , and most importantly the eu has a strict constitution which can not be overwritten unless all 28 member states agree . 
  the amount of checks and balances is fantastic , and makes me feel much more secure in comparison to our own government , which can withdraw all of our rights at a moment 's notice and declare marshal law of a 50 % of the mps in the house of commons decide it should be so . 
  why are you only asking so many questions ?
