  but i think the message of the show ( or at least the message i took away from it ) is precisely what you said . 
  that you should n't use and interpret the scripture as the be all and end all of a religion , neither the quran nor christianity . 
  it 's about showing that islam and christianity are incredibly similar , and not only similar in their abilities to promote violence . 
  they are also similar in the sense that both religions can radically change over time to adapt to their circumstances . 
  and lastly they 're similar because they both have t tyrannical offshoots which rely on fundamentalist interpretations of their holy texts . 
  christianity has the crusades , the westboro baptists church , kony and his child army amongst others . 
  whilst islam has the wahhabist and salafist daesh and al qaeda amongst others . 
  you can make of a religion what you want . 
  what we need to learn is that you may follow the same religion , but believe completely different things, 
  it 's so hard to tell :( i thought that it being in the belgian youtube meant it was belgians ... oh well . 
  how could you spot the difference ? 
  when i die of e.coli i 'm definitely writing the republic of cyprus out of my will . 
  because europe is a continent of multilingualism ^ ( and also because it 's a good opportunity to practice my written german ) -- weil europa ein vielsprachiges kontinent ist ^ ( au\u00dferdem weil es eine gro\u00dfe gelegenheit ist , meiner deutsch zu verbessern ) . 
  this is why i constantly argue that we need to reduce our consumption at home as well as reducing our domestic carbon footprint . 
  it 's largely western demands for consumer goods that is powering china , and the rest of the developing countries ' , huge economic boom and corresponding emissions rise . 
  if we stop our excessive consumption then we 'll solve the problem . 
  that 's one of the downsides of joining the union more recently . 
  a lot of the good institutions had already been given homes in western europe by the fall of the iron curtain in 1989 , and even more so by the time former communist states started joining the eu in the early 2000 's . 
  at least warsaw got the frontex agency , which is becoming a pretty important institution given the migration crisis . 
  there 's * a lot * of big eu institutions , though . 
  the eu tries to share them around the member states somewhat equally . 
  for instance , here 's some of the big ones which i can remember off the top of my head . 
  * european parliament : brussels , strasbourg and luxembourg * council of the eu : brussels * european commission : brussels * european central bank : frankfurt ( germany ) * frontex ( the european external borders agency ) : warsaw ( poland ) * european court of justice : luxembourg * european court of human rights ( not technically part of the eu , but heavily intertwined nonetheless ) : strasbourg * europol ( european police integration ) : the hague aside from this , there 's also several scientific agencies which are similarly prestigious , such as * the iter operation to build a fusion nuclear power plant in france , near to nice . 
  * the cern research centre which uses the large hadron collider which straddles the french-swiss border at geneva . 
  * there 's also the headquarters of the european space agency which is based out of paris , france and also the esa 's mission control , which is based out of darmstadt , in germany , along with [ several other important parts of the esa spread around europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency ) . 
  although , it 's worth noting that the trialogue is an * informal * arrangement between these two branches and is therefore not open to scrutiny . 
  therefore , the trialogue is highly open to criticism for being anti-democratic * . 
  so , it is arguable that it would improve the situation to move the parliament permanently to a non-brussels city to make doing a trialogue more difficult ( and therefore making eu governance more democratic ) . 
  ^ ( * disclaimer : i do n't have a strong opinion for or against this proposal . 
  it 's just a position i have heard from some individuals who work in the brussels bubble . ), 
  the one which is pretending to be roman , although the other is n't great either, 
  the `` humans need not apply stage '' of our society is decades if not centuries away yet . 
  there 's plenty of use in low skilled labour for the meanwhile, 
  que ? 
  yeah some silly people were . 
  however , i wish we would stop attack irrelevant little details from either side of the political divided and actually focusing on understanding each other 's core point of view . 
  whether or not the syrian refugees are already highly skilled or not does n't actually effect the overall argument of whether we should allow them to take refuge in our own countries or not . 
  it 's just something that more stupid radicals ( both sides have stupid radicals ) say but is overall irrelevant . 
  uh , no . 
  those countries are not counted as part of russia by the report . 
  you 're quoting entirely the wrong part of the article . 
  this is the bit / u/plznote was asking for  russia , with an estimated 2,400 fighters , is now believed to be the third biggest supplier of foreign fighters to radical islamist groups fighting in iraq and syria , according to new analysis from the soufan group , a security consulting firm based in new york . 
   in june 2014 , it was estimated that russia had around 800 foreign fighters in iraq and syria . 
  -  the majority of russia 's foreign fighters is coming from the north caucasus -- chechnya and dagestan , areas with long histories of islamic extremism . 
  the report mentions the uk and france too . 
  it 's just that the number of russian fighters fir daesh and al nusra has increased by 300 % in the past 16 months , whereas the uk and france had a 100 % increase . 
  these are the kind of comment threads i come to reddit for . 
  information + analysis ( most under age marriages happen in south east ) ( that 's where kurds mostly live , ergo , it 's mostly kurds inflating turkey 's overall number ) 2 . 
  counter analysis ( this does n't explain it , because there are high underage marriage regions outside of the s. e. ) 3 . 
  counter-counter analysis ( but there are also lots of kurds outside of the s. e. ) 4 . 
  more information + analysis that claims a middle ground ( percentage of kurds per region ) ( kurds may generally be a disproportionate contributor to the problem , but that 's definitely not the whole story ) . 
  wonderful !, 
  i thought the republic of cyprus ( south cyprus ) officially granted us that territory for some indefinite period of time ? 
  actually , some capitalist economies have naturally low inequality . 
  for instance , japan is almost as egalitarian as the nordic countries , but has almost no wealth-redistribution . 
  so , there are ways to do it , but it is largely based on how culture and society function in the first place . 
  so it 's not a realistic option in the western world . 
  can confirm . 
  am liberal ; dont have a problem, 
  why does tumblr keep coming into this ? 
  nobody cares about tumblr . 
  it 's like saying that conservative or epp voters are the same as people who comment on stormfront . 
  can we find and start evaluating people 's opinions on their own merits , rather discrediting them based on the fact that some other unrelated group said something similar ? 
  source ? 
   semmering base tunnel . 
  what 's this ? 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  nope . 
  least not in any of the newspapers i 've read ( times , guardian ), 
  two minor injuries , plus one serious injury . 
  police tazered the perpetrator and he is alive and in custody . 
  the blade was not a machete , but some three inch blade . 
  sounds like a kitchen knife to me . 
  for a terrorist attack , this is really pretty pathetic . 
  removed . 
  incorrect . 
  no throats were cut . 
  what a shame :( send me a pm if it ever goes on sale and we can play . 
  i usually do n't notice steam sales , unfortunately . 
  i also finally upgraded my computer , so i should be able to play that random mediaeval game that i bought ages ago . 
  you remember ? 
  i 'd be up for civilisation v. how much does europa universalis cost ? 
  it was in bochum , so not far away . 
  i also know people in austria and berlin who 've reported similar customs though . 
  very perplexing, 
  do n't you go lumping all us northerners into one bag . 
  some of us have standards . 
  unlike geordies in newcastle . 
  there 's a reason the uk 's trashy show about young party goers is set in newcastle and called geordie shore . 
  it 's not standard , but it 's not uncommon either . 
  depends where you are . 
  work in an office ? 
  probably no chatter . 
  going for a piss whilst at the pub ? 
  probably a fair bit of banter . 
  interestingly , i 've only very rarely perceived it happening with two men who are on the toilet , and they were especially drunk . 
  as someone who 's never used or even seen a bidet in person , i 've never understood how you 're supposed to use one without getting poo water everywhere . 
  is it like a floor sink ?
