  yeah , and it 's a fairly safe assumption that someone who subscribes here and reads here is a europhile . 
  why else would they want to partake in discussion on a european level and read news on a european level . 
  they must have some interest and that interest is almost certainly that they like the place . 
  ergo , you 're a europe lover or ` europhile ' . 
  pretty sure op is talking about playing a roll in the eu rather than some kind of power projection thing abroad with troops or some kind ` neocolonialist ' economic imperialism . 
  as for ` influence ' : democratic institutions , of which the eu is one , no matter what farage says , are supposed to be influences by their prospective parts . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25192792  parliament is due on tuesday to discuss the possibility of holding a vote of no confidence in mr azarov 's government . 
  i was talking in a different thread a few days ago , saying that there might be a vote of no confidence in the government . 
  i think this vote could be the beginning of the end for mr yanukovych . 
  even if the vote does n't pass there 's still every chance of getting yanukovych out of power and the ukraine into an aa agreement . 
  edit : [ my comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rsb5k/ukraine_opposition_urges_fresh_polls_amid_proeu/cdqfas6?context=3 ), 
  agreed . 
  however the pay is better if you have the qualification and it opens up more options to you which is why i highly recommend getting it . 
  on top of that it is relatively inexpensive relative to the amount of money you 'll earn and takes a relatively small amount of time . 
  it can be earned in a matter of weeks , depending on how you structure it . 
  you could probably get a tefl qualification and then move to germany to teach english as a second language . 
  you wont , by any means , earn a lot of money . 
  it 'll probably be just enough to get by , but english teachers are often in demand in non english speaking countries , and the eu does n't like letting americans in as english teachers when there 's equally qualified british or irish ( or maltese ) people who can do the job just as well . 
  additionally you could go a bit further a field to get a different variety of outcomes . 
  it 'll be some kind of trade off between quality of live ; value of money you earn ( polish money might get you a very nice standard of living in poland , but not when you get back home ) ; working in a country/place you like . 
  personally i 'm gon na do this when i leave uni , apart from more far a field in asia or the middle east where the pay is better , then come back to europe to start my career as a teacher . 
  shout out to / r/tefl, 
  personally i think they 're both blob shaped . 
   president yanukovych says russian pressure was behind his decision not to sign the deal . 
  shifting the blame is the first step in making a u-turn . 
  maybe this is the first evidence of yanukovych separating himself from the decision to side with russia instead of the eu and then make a u-turn ? 
  i do n't think the poll is criticising people for not feeling european . 
  it 's just a way of noting whether or not people feel much empathy for other ` europeans ' . 
  for instance i feel very much like a member of the english speaking world . 
  when something happens in america like a shooting or natural disaster , i feel a sense of sorrow to them because i feel as though those americans living with that problem are like me , they 're members of the english speaking world just like i am . 
  i also feel like a european too . 
  when something happens in europe like a boat sinking , earthquake or what have you , then i feel sorrow for them just like i would feel sorrow for americans or britons because i feel as though they 're fundamentally , in some ways , the same as me . 
  however , according to this poll , a lot of britons do n't see it that way . 
  they see europeans as different and therefor will have difficulty empathising with them so strongly . 
  i 'd say the big two are * european union * scotland and then there 's a bunch of smaller issues which keep cropping up * high speed 2 , a highspeed train which will connect to the channel tunnel link and continue all the way up to birmingham and eventually sheffield and manchester , not to glasgow though . 
  i 've lost track of how long this debate 's been going on for * energy companies . 
  energy companies over charging people , not paying their taxes and being all around little arses . 
  slightly off topic , but what are croats opinions of the sitting prime minister ? 
  i remember hearing that he ( she ? ), 
  denounced the croatian language version of the wikipedia because it 's been vandalised too much to be reputable , which sounds like a nice case of putting pragmatism before nationalism . 
  and from the op it sounds like he 's pro-gay marriage to , or at least he 's anti referendum which is similar . 
  thoughts ? 
  could you link a source ? 
  it sounds like an interesting read and something has obviously happened in the netherlands since the last election . 
  need to gain a broader perspective . 
  and a conservative ( with a capital c ) might say that whilst they dislike the eu in its current form , they love its expansion because they see it as fundamentally a good thing . 
  a conservative would think that the eu is a force for good because conservatives tend to like the idea of free trade and at its core the eu is all about free trade between different european countries . 
  what conservatives do n't like is the social chapters of the european union which do things like restrict working hours and demand that people get paternity and maternity leave . 
  this is why ukip and the anti-eu body of the conservative party do n't actually advocate for leaving the eu entirely . 
  they advocate leaving most of the eu but staying in the common market because they fuckin ' love free trade . 
  it 's the social stuff they hate . 
  i still do n't get why ukip are trying to break the eu from the inside though . 
  seems kind of counter productive if they want the common market to stay around , which they do . 
  you 're right . 
  i did n't think about the specifics of the thatcher situation when i made that comparison . 
  i knew the thatcher situation was vaguely relevant , but did n't mentally analyse it deeply enough before posting . 
  depends on exactly how the political system works in ukraine , how strong yanukovych 's hold on his party is , and finally whether the mps on both sides ( yanukovych or the opposition ) are supportive enough of the eu . 
  ukraine is a semi-presidential parliamentary democracy iirc so the government should be able to be overthrown if a simple majority ( half the house + one ) votes for an election . 
  if yanukovych 's hold on the party is weak enough and his mps ' too afraid of the public to support him , then maybe they parliament can have a vote of no confidence in the government at parliament . 
  this should cause a general election which should lead to a much more pro-eu government in parliament . 
  that government 's majority should then be so strong that it * should * be able to get whatever number of mps it needs to overthrow the president and then get a pro-eu president instead . 
  edit : removed a paragraph which draw comparisons between yanukovych now and thatcher immediately before she was removed from office . 
  however that comparison is slightly disingenuous as she was n't removed via a general election , but via a leadership contest within her own party . 
  if yanukovych is removed , he 'll be removed by parliament as a whole , not by his own party . 
  there are similarities and comparisons to be made between the two , but it would take too long to make them properly and there are better examples of people who 've been forced out of office than her . 
  however , ukraine 's political establishment might differ slightly from this very typical version of a semi-presidential parliamentary system , and i 'd love if some ukrainians or others more knowledgable on the topic were to explain what it would take for a vote of no confident to take place and what needs to be done to force a president out of office . 
  there is a solution . 
  it has nothing to do with how many people are involved in it whether it 's just your local province , whole country , european level or even on an intergalactic level . 
  most european countries face similar problems : a lot of debt and bellow expected economic growth . 
  there are a variety of ways to solve this problem from state interference to kick start the economy or the austerity approach . 
  both have the potential to work . 
  both depend on slightly different factors and will have slightly different outcomes . 
  most of europe decided to go down the austerity route but one of the factors necessary for an on time economic recovery is that investor confidence rose again , which has n't been happening much yet and so it is n't working very well . 
  it might not necessarily ever work well because the necessary factors never quite align . 
  maybe this means that we should have gone down the other route , but that 's also dependent on some of the same factors so maybe that would n't have worked either . 
  what is certain is that what does n't matter is the scale the reforms are instituted on . 
  government interference could be done on a province level or on an international level or somewhere inbetween . 
  it depends to what extent each economy ( whether provincial or otherwise ) is integrated to other economies . 
  if the economies are very intensely linked then the reaction to the crisis must be intensely linked also . 
  people said similar things with the dutch national elections not too long ago . 
  people were wondering whether they 'd stick with the pro-eu parties or not . 
  they decisively stuck with the pro-eu parties . 
  i do n't think much has happened to change dutch voters minds since last time . 
  fun : france , uk , netherlands ? 
  yes . 
  we 're all meeting up in the airport at 5 o'clock . 
  who 's got the tickets ? 
  ... and your point ? 
  i actually quite want to come to romania now , despite having little to no inclination before . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm a northerner too . 
  when the topic of scottish independence came about i was staunchly against it . 
  i 've been against it for as many years as the snp have been in office . 
  however , i 'm finally starting to turn . 
  i , kind of , believe in an independent scotland now . 
  it looks like it 'll be , as the article states , the country that most british people in 1997 wanted . 
  social democracy built with reference to scandinavia . 
  i thought in spain it happens in summer rather than winter , because of tourism . 
  i 'd like to know more about georgia too . 
  do we have any georgians in this sub reddit ?
