  it 's not necessarily a belief in anything . 
  it 's all about impartiality and indifference . 
  the state is secular ( in most western countries ) , but ** not ** atheist . 
  the state ( in most western democracies ) is * neutral * in matters of religion . 
  it is indifferent . 
  it is not atheist which means that the state would actively promote being non religious * which it does n't * . 
  sorry for that mistake . 
  i study as philosophy and as politics but the exams just ended and , well , my essay writing seems to have gone down hill already . 
  i 'll have to be more on the ball . 
  i agree , a country without freedom of speech would be a pretty awful country . 
  however , i do n't think we need to worry about that sort of thing . 
  the only way we 'd lose our freedom of speech is it was democratically . 
  so we 'd need about 15 million british citizens to be in favour of anti free speech legislation which is n't going to happen . 
  i doubt that even 100,000 people are in favour of anti freedom of speech legislation . 
  the thing is , it 's a slippery slope . 
  if you ban one form of free speech , then what ? 
  just do n't go there . 
  maybe these guys have a point and freedom of speech is a bad idea . 
  in that case , we should hear out their argument as to why free speech is bad and then explain why they are wrong . 
  the best thing about freedom of speech is that the best ideas rise to the top . 
  information rises to the top of public consciousness . 
  repealing freedom of speech is not a good idea , so it wont rise up and so it wont happen . 
  we 're in no danger of losing our freedom of speech . 
  [ * mhmm * , not one muslim will publicly denounce this ... ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/uk/woolwich-attack-thousands-of-muslims-gather-in-london-to-condemn-murder-of-soldier-lee-rigby-29294815.html ), 
  british muslims ca n't necessarily speak/write arabic . 
  they probably know enough to write the word `` islam '' because they 're forced to memorise passages of the koran , but they might not necessarily be able to write full sentences . 
  at least that 's my understanding . 
  i 'm no expert . 
  we do n't necessarily have a ~ ~ secular ~ ~ atheist society . 
  we have a tolerant , liberal , * pluralist * society . 
  western societies today as found in europe and america are made of a huge number of different people with different opinions , ethnicities and beliefs . 
  it would be impossible to accomodate all of these people in one country if the state or society discriminated against certain people with certain beliefs/ethnicities/opinions so we ( people living in western societies ) tolerate all different forms of opinions . 
  if we did n't , society would start to break down . 
  we do not live in an ~ ~ secular ~ ~ atheist society . 
  we live in a society with no opinion on ~ ~ secularism ~ ~ spiritualism ( atheism , religion , ect ) . 
  which makes it look ~ ~ secular ~ ~ atheist . 
  a state will treat all religions/beliefs as having equal weight and equal validity , but not prioritise any . 
  the state is not ~ ~ secular ~ ~ atheist . 
  it simply has no opinion on the matter so that society can function smoothly . 
  this is almost the definition of a * secular * society and a secular state : '' * has no opinion on the matter so that society can function smoothly . 
  that would be a tyranny of the majority . 
  there was a time where if i 'd have protested for secular people 's rights or gay rights that i would have been executed or told to leave the country or what ever . 
  then there came a time where i was allowed to protest and not be kicked out or anything , because i obtained freedom of speech . 
  this is the side affect . 
  it 's sad that they do n't agree with the uk and i think if they do n't like it here they should find somewhere they prefer , but i also acknowledge that it is their right as uk citizens to protest and try and change the system they use . 
  it is * their * system just as much as it is mine . 
  it 's not a problem with certain demographics , it 's a problem with the way of thinking exhibited by portion of people within multiple demographics . 
  there 's no * inherent * danger in the demographics continuing the way they are . 
  it 's not like middle-eastern immigrants will inherently/necessarily cause problems . 
  however the way a lot of people act within that group of people and the way a lot of ` native ' people respond to the way these groups ( or individuals within such groups ) act * is * a problem . 
  the way these people and groups act is the problem , not the people themselves . 
  it 's a subtle but very important difference . 
  fortunately , that makes it a behavioural problem as opposed to some sort of hypothetical race problem ( all race problems are hypothetical ) . 
  it can be solved through education and integration . 
  so far , nobodies done a particuarly good job of making the muslim community integrate ( mostly , the muslims themselves but also others ) but just because we and they are doing a bad job of it now , does not mean that it will continue down that road . 
  i hope they do a better job of integrating sooner rather than later . 
  one thing that does confuse me . 
  if some people are walking down the streets with `` death to the uk '' or what ever on placards , why are they here at all ? 
  surely many were born here but , eh , it just raises a lot of confusion for me . 
  all the more reason not to get put in prison :p if i was a sports fan i 'd probably rather walk all the way home to germany than miss my game . 
  whilst those police did n't have guns , it 's easy to underestimate them from a distance . 
  in real life , they can be very intimidating . 
  i mean , they 're extremely fit , they 're wearing partial body armour , they could have batons or various sprays * and * they know how to use all these things . 
  not to mention the fact that there 's about six of them . 
  if i was in that crowd of people i 'd run too . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that you 'd get killed by the police , even if * you * have a gun . 
  however , they could cause you a lot of pain very easily and also a lot of humiliation . 
  oh , and the people who were fighting are probably very tired , slightly drunk and have flights home they need to catch which 'll be impossible in prison . 
  tl ; dr : if i was one of those people , i 'd run too . 
  every little helps , 
  if you 're looking for more places to do , perhaps as a form of staving off from doing the complicated greenland and channel islands stuff , you could break down the regions into smaller things . 
  for instance , instead of asking about the uk you could ask about northern ireland or scotland . 
  instead of asking about france you could ask about brittanny or corsica . 
  instead of asking about spain you could ask about the basque country or catalonia , ect . 
  well , maybe not ` instead of ' but ` in addition to ' sort of thing . 
  i think it would make the event more fun to include non country entities entirely within other countries . 
  the uk pays a lot less than i thought it did :(, 
  i was confused when i read what wtil said too . 
  i googled to check her details and it turns out she only went to the mir space station and not the iss . 
  so major peake will be the second british person to go into space and the first to go to the iss . 
  sounds fun . 
  however , it would be nice if whoever was posting the thread happened to be quite knowledgeable on the country/region/thing . 
  for instance , if you posted a thing about `` what do people here know about lichtenstein ? '', 
  and no one knew anything , then it would be great to have some one who does know something so he/she can tell us all ( i 'm assuming we 'd want to listen , i would ) . 
  but anyway , i like the idea even if it could be radically improved with more lichtensteiners . 
  is that bill clinton in the fourth image ? 
  it 's been every week for over a month now on a sunday . 
  apart from that one time , where it had been forgotten and did n't get posted . 
  that sounds about right for manliness rugby  hockey  american football  english football  basketball  table tennis  women 's gymnastics  darts it 's a shame rugby 's so not well known . 
  it 's an under rated sport . 
  it 's like wresting but real . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of rugby . 
  [ which is basically a huge fight in a muddy field ] ( http://www.vavel.com/files/6_nations_pic_930618592.jpg ) . 
  they do n't even necessarily need to have the ball for you to fight them . 
  i see . 
  that makes a lot of sense , what with the evolution of the name , ect . 
  thank you , 
  does that mean all newspaper names are feminine ? 
  any sport where a man wears pussy armour is n't a real man 's sport  in real men 's sports , they wrestle each other in the mud with nothing but shoes , shorts and macho-homoerotic tension . 
  i 've not heard anything about it apart from when i try and read das bild ( yes i know it 's retarded .
