  because if we all trade together according then it 's better for all of us . 
  why should we all follow the same environmental legislation ? 
  because if we all did our own environmental legislation then it would be ineffective . 
  only environmental policy at an eu level or higher will 've effective . 
  why should we all integrate our currencies to have the same one ? 
  because it 's better for all of us if we do that . 
  it increases trade and tourism in all member states . 
  why should we have a common european army ? 
  because a larger army is more efficient and saves us all money whilst increasing our ability to defend ourselves against common threats . 
  it 's in every member states ' interests to do so . 
  yes , the european protection is largely motivated by self interest . 
  that 's the beauty of the whole thing . 
  it 's a cause for rejoicing that we have all managed to improve our living standards and moral standards so much due to this integration . 
  this is no cause for alarm but simply a demonstration that we need to reform the eu 's tax system . 
  it poses no fundamental threat . 
  non whatsoever . 
  it simply shows that we have more work to do . 
  she 's actually a member of the green block . 
  they can only do that because all of them have very similar values . 
  for instance , the entire green block voted for the iron blated net neutrality, 
  i heard glasgow, 
  yeah , but what are they and where can i find them ? 
  i 'm a french learner since about two or three years , so i want to start searching through the french internet a bit more . 
  people think that halloumi is not cypriot ? 
  i thought that this was known . 
  who else is claiming they invented it ? 
  i guess there 's unlikely to be a better time to ask this than now : what sort of websites are most popular with french speakers ? 
  any discussion websites other than / r/france et al ? 
  lets celebrate with a chicken tikka, 
  i mean , who has n't genocided ireland just a little bit ? 
  reality is sad sometimes . 
  but do n't let that get you down . 
  it gives you something to fight for . 
  i 'd be bored shitless if i do n't have some objective to make the world a better place ^ - ^ i certainly do n't hate romanians . 
  if you do n't either then that makes two of us , which is a start !, 
   ( disregard the daily mail ) disregard the most widely red newspaper in the country , and most read online newspaper in the world ? 
  it 's kind of hard to disregard the dm when it is where so many people get their information and opinions from . 
  this is the trans pacific partnership . 
  the tpp is a free trade area between the usa and a bunch of other countries which are on the pacific ocean . 
  the eu and usa are working on a free trade area called ttip . 
  it will probably be very similar to tpp, 
  what 's with all the germans ? 
  i get the arab names because spain used to be dominated by islamic moors , but germans ? 
  we somehow blame the eu for prisoner voting , even though prisoners still ca n't vote ... also , we blame them for not being more closely linked to the british commonwealth ( all of the ex british empire countries , give and take a few ) . 
  and the polish and romanians , but the polish hate has died off somewhat now . 
  more like what do n't they blame the eu for, 
  nope . 
  if you move abroad you can vote from abroad for up to 15 years without returning . 
  so letting british expats abroad vote is what already happens for general elections https://www.gov.uk/voting-when-abroad, 
  i totally agree . 
  uk citizens living in the eu should get to vote because that 's what already happens for general elections https://www.gov.uk/voting-when-abroad  you can register as an overseas voter for up to 15 years after leaving the uk, 
  it 's also an issue which is impossible to handle at the nation state level . 
  look already how germany making its own , independent decisions regarding migration as worsened the flow of migrants in greece , which in turn hurts germany and everybody else in europe ( and that 's without even considering the refugees themselves ) . 
  the only solution to the migration crisis is giving the eu the ability to make these decisions decisively . 
  at the moment it is up to the member states themselves , all coordinating and making treaties and agreements . 
  and look !, 
  everyone is pissed . 
  we need a decisive eu solution and that means giving the eu the power to make and implement those solutions . 
  progressive is n't only to do with immigration . 
  they 're fucked up in all sorts of other ways . 
  if you 're willing to take them off our hands , sure !, 
  it 's a national disappointment every time the fucking protests and sectarian violence erupts every year . 
  it 's quite enjoying ? 
  i was having a discussion with my brother who works in the film industry industry and a bunch of other arty types back around the time that breaking bad finished . 
  the general gist of what we said was that they were both excellent and great and we love them both , but breaking bad is the one which will really stand out when people look back in several years or decades time as a masterpiece of its era . 
  game of thrones is very good and you should enjoy it , but it is a relatively traditional type of tv show , similar to others which have come before it . 
  it is still excellent and i whole heartedly recommend it , but it fits within its genre . 
  i 'll try not to make this spoilery , but if you do n't want spoilers , then it 's best not to read any further : -- i think that breaking bad is quite rare . 
  in one of the ` culture friday ' posts on this sub i wrote about how [ a completely new idea ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m97dm/friday_culture_20150925/cvd7fzw ) in european literature and film is relatively rare . 
  it 's mostly just reframing of other great works which have come before it . 
  those reframings are significant , which is why people often come back again and again to see a story which is fundamentally the same that they 've seen before . 
  but breaking bad is rare in that it is extremely different to what has come before it , and is very successful . 
  and because it 's so new it allows you to engage with it in a way that you ca n't with stories you 're already familiar with . 
  other things which are in its favour is just the fucking superb way it 's acted . 
  the character transition is just amazing . 
  for the character at the beginning to be like he is , and to be so absolutely the opposite by the end is superb . 
  but the best thing about it , is that it 's paced and acted so well , that you ca n't pinpoint any specific moments where there was a change . 
  it was a completely gradual and perfectly well orchestrated transition . 
  i just love it . 
  in comparison to game of thrones as well , there are some very interesting moral questions underlying breaking bad , which are somewhat absent in got . 
  got does have interesting moral dilemmas , but they are brushed over very much and do n't play on the mind . 
  breaking bad is all about the moral dilemmas , which makes it all the more gripping all the way through , because you 're not only fascinated about the fate of the characters , their actions , but also you 're fascinated by whether what they 're doing is right or not . 
  additionally , it is one of the first films to really fit perfectly into the netflix generation . 
  if you watch game of thrones you can see that ever episode ends on a cliff hanger , because they * need * to make you excited enough to watch the next episode * a week in the future * . 
  by contrast , breaking bad , along with some other shows like orange is the new black and ( one of my favourites ) house of cards have been purpose built for the netflix generation and do * not * end on cliff hangers in the same way . 
  they are much happier having some lower drama episodes , which is great . 
  it gives the really dramatic episodes much more depth . 
  the comparison here is that the episodes become less like episodes in the traditional sense , but instead become more like chapters in a book , that you can pick up and watch at your leisure , instead of being captive to whenever the tv scheduling tells you you can watch it . 
  it 's actually a fundamentally different way of watching a tv series than what has come before , which is one of the many reasons i consider breaking bad historic . 
  -- i could go on , but , those are some things which really seal the deal for me on which camp i come down on . 
  they 're both great . 
  i especially love the got books ( i 'm halfway through the final one ) and i could gush my heart out about those too , like i have been doing for breaking bad , but the fact that i would gush about got so much and yet i * still * prefer breaking bad so much tells you something about how good i find breaking bad . 
  i saw somebody making a crisp sandwich whilst i was out today . 
  i forgot crisp sandwiches were a thing . 
  you 'd probably like them . 
  yeah i think it 's pretty clear at this point that nothing good is going to come out of cop21 . 
  still , that should n't stop us bein disappointed when or leaders come back with nothing . 
  my question : what do you think * should * be agrees on a global level ? 
  what do we all need to be doing as a planet ? 
  what can europe so as a continent ?
