  those at the commission seem genuinely committed to the idea of europe being more integrated , so i 'm sure * eventually * they 'll realise they need to become more in touch with people * before * they can push that vision further . 
  what does interest me , is if there are any political organisations like pressure groups or parties which are actually pushing for more democracy , open government , ect in brussels or national capitals . 
  i mean , there 's plenty of anti europe parties like ukip and that new-ish german one . 
  but are there any which are n't just saying `` europe sucks '' but are more saying `` europe 's good , but should do better '' ** and ** `` this is how we want europe to do better '' . 
  i know the liberal democrats in the uk are `` pro europe , pro reform '' , but i 'm not sure if they actually push that on the eu government . 
  yeah , i 'd just be interested in that . 
  but they 're liberating women !, 
  ^ ( somehow ), 
  congratulations , you 're about 1/4 of the way to being able to talk about the weather . 
  you 'll get it with a little practice :p, 
  obviously i recommend amsterdam , but i really do n't think you can expect to just come to a city and find it inspiring . 
  when you go to a new place , you do n't know what you 'll find . 
  if you go in looking for something , you almost certainly wont find it . 
  try going in and just seeing what you get out of it . 
  we 're also one of the only cities in the uk where it 's customary to say `` thank you '' to the bus driver before getting off . 
  i definitely would n't say sheffield 's worth travelling across the atlantic for , but it 's friendly and the city centre really is lovely . 
  it 's not an amazing city , but it 's nice . 
  ^ ( we also have the most green spaces of any city in england ), 
  i went to amsterdam for four days in february and it 's my only and favourite holiday :d i did enjoy it a lot and it 's one of the only non native english speaking places on the planet i 'd consider living . 
  the language barrier was tiny and we seldom felt confused because every one spoke english and so did half the signs . 
  there are bicycles and cats everywhere , but mostly bicycles . 
  i remember accidentally walking down one of the many bicycle lanes then having a cyclist nearly mow me down and her only method of telling me she was there was to shout * `` trrrriiinngg ! '', 
  ( like a bell , but all of the bikes are very cheap and do n't come equipped with bells ) . 
  there 's a different social code with little things like the waitresses expecting you to come to them if you want a refill and not the other way around . 
  but it 's still very friendly . 
  the cashiers and so on will happily chat to collogues and be receptive to others joining in , a little . 
  basically , amsterdam is a big european city , but it 's definitely a very friendly one ( so far as european cities go ) and probably one of the most receptive to anglosaxons . 
  british * fucking love * to talk about the weather . 
  seriously , it 's just the go to topic for any one you 're trapped in a situation with . 
  co-worker you do n't know well grabbing some paper from the thing next to you , or whatever ? 
  `` so much snow , eh ? '' . 
  your order at gregg 's taking a long time ? 
  `` you think we 'll have a half decent summer this year ? '', 
  post man searching his back at your front door looking for where he left your stuff ? 
  `` is the snow making your round difficult ? '' . 
  it 's just the go-to subject . 
  we wont make small talk about anything else with strangers though . 
  not unless we think we 'll have to meet them again ( like a new co-worker , class mate or relative ) . 
  i get the impression americans and southern europeans talk more passionately about a greater variety things with a greater variety of people . 
  i 'd like to apologise on behalf of / u/diego _ rivera and all the normal folk around here . 
  we have a slight problem with racism in / r/europe . 
  every so often we get an invasion of bigots , but it settles down after a few days when they realise the normal population here hates the shit out of them . 
  i noticed from a couple of other threads that we seem to be in that phase at the moment . 
  i can assure you . 
  they 'll go back to their hole before long . 
  [ this guy is a good expample of both the racism , and them starting to be told to fuck off ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1bsrds/us_armys_last_tanks_depart_from_germany/c99qiaz ) edit : though i would like to point out that the question you post in the title is some what set to cause a european vs america culture clash . 
  would the queen of denmark be willing to donate a kidney ? 
  because we 're not paying them . 
  they give it us for effectively free . 
  their motive is basically that they get to have a strong military presence in europe which allows them to deploy to other places like africa , the middle east , ect . 
  they also previously had the motive of keeping the ussr at bay , though that 's less important now . 
  the americans want one of their biggest markets protected from any funny business in russia or the middle east or africa . 
  so they happily foot the bill knowing that we 're safe , because us being safe means we 'll continue to trade . 
  it 's a win win . 
  there was some interesting stuff about the arbitrary stuff it makes us do on newswatch or whatever channel it was . 
  i remember being quite surprised by how much crap it does make us do . 
  i did n't find it convincing enough to scrap the act , but it the argument was stronger than i suspected . 
  but anti eu and europe mentality definitely does play a part in some people 's opinions , but from my point of view the anti-hra people are a fair bit better than the eurosceptics . 
  ^ ( just to clarify , i 'm not necessarily advocating the repealment of the human rights act . ), 
  the argument has two main points . 
  1 is that the way uk law works makes having a bill of rights kind of obsolete . 
  it 's all to do with us having most of the things the hra lists as rights , without needing the hra . 
  the only thing the hra does is entrench rights that we already ( effectively ) have . 
  2 the laws which effect prisoners . 
  the european convention on human rights forces us to have laws such as the one which allows prisoners to vote . 
  the european convention on human rights says that every one has the right to vote * though it does make exceptions for extremely special individuals like rapists * ( which is odd ) . 
  but the uk takes this to mean that we have to let all these horrible people vote that we do n't want voting . 
  additionally the european convention on human rights means that we have to treat asylum seekers nicer than we would like . 
  so basically the argument comes down to : we do n't need it because we work fine already , and it also makes us do stuff that we do n't want to do . 
  ^ ( whilst i understand the arguments , i 'm slightly fuzzy on the details . 
  there 's some parts of the european convention on human rights that we have not implemented into the human rights act , but i 'm not sure which those are . 
  so stick with the theme of what i 'm saying and not the specific detail . 
  if you want * specific * detail i can check with my folder ), 
  apart from sometimes , like when certain countries offer to house us military installations such as nuclear warheads . 
  i do n't mind americans being on british soil , so long as we maintain the ability to expel them easily . 
  so , they have business being here . 
  mutual benefit and all that . 
  i do n't understand all the hate for having americans stationed in europe . 
  we maintain the ability to expel them ( except in the case of german , iirc ) and they allow us to not have to spend much if anything on defence because they 're providing it for us . 
  this does allow them extra leverage on us , but i think that 's over stated . 
  so basically i just see the anter us troops things as a `` boo , america . 
  booooo !, 
  we do n't like them '', 
  sounds good enough !, 
  probably beats elizabeth 's liver . 
  are there any other european monarchs that need incorporating into what shall now be called the majestic european supreme monarch ? 
   `` the republic will be reorganized into the first galactic empire '' this just made me think : what if the european space agency set up some sort of colony on the moon or/and mars ? 
  then it really would be a galactic empire : o, 
  is his liver healthy ? 
  it 's worth noting  november 3rd , 2009 was the date this was published . 
  there was a lot of money to be made in selling sensationalist * `` oh is n't this recession terrible '' * stories . 
  additionally , the source they sited for the statistics does n't say the sample size . 
  ever seen those beauty cream adverts ? 
  the one 's which say `` 89 % of 120 women agree '' ? 
  people trying to sell stuff come up with statistics like that all the time . 
  it 's highly possible that one or both of these sites are trying to push sensationalism to sell their journalism . 
  this is extremely common . 
  so yeah , i do n't trust this . 
  we could transplant some organs ? 
  which one of their livers is in better condition ?
