  government plays a very significant roll in all our lives so the government would need to recognise minority languages in particulary areas and make them de jure as well as de facto . 
  well london kind of does have a de facto official language , english . 
  it 's used on all the signs and all government work is done using that language . 
  this is basically just an issue about signs , from my pov . 
  if london suddenly had five million native french speakers , than london signs should probably be dual french and english and maybe have legal support available for francophones . 
  european elections are possibly the best elections in the uk for voting third party , maybe after the scottish elections ( scottish elections make use of a party list , as well as other things ) . 
  in a national election , you have one mp per constituency ( there are 600 constituencies in the uk , each representing about 60 thousand people ) and whoever gets the most votes ( not even a majority of votes ) wins the seat . 
  so if greens are your favourite party , but you 're alright with labour or the lib dems , but you * hate * the conservatives , it 's actually much more logical to vote labour or lib dem to stop the conservatives getting in , because otherwise there 's a strong chance neither labour or a green will get in because neither of them got enough , but the conservative does because he got slightly more than either the green or the labour member . 
  so voting for who you really like in a national election is often a vote against your own interests , unless you really fucking love one of the big two/three parties . 
  european parliamentary elections , on the other hand , feature multi-member constituencies where each constituency has about 6 meps . 
  this means that whilst labour and the conservatives and the lib dems might make up the top 5 places , there 's a good chance of your vote allowing someone from a more obscure political party to get that 6th seat . 
  this is part of the reason why the british national party and the greens both got two seats , despite being relatively unpopular in national elections ( despite surrey managing to get the greens only mp in ) . 
  ( [ uk representation in the ep by party ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/elections/euro/09/html/ukregion_999999.stm ) ) just thought this would be , maybe , of some interest . 
  in london there 's the london assembly and the london mayor ( boris johnson ) . 
  the london assembly is kind of like a small city council , only the council is n't responsible for making decisions , and instead its main job is simply keeping an eye on the mayor to ensure that he does n't overstep his place . 
  at least that 's my understanding . 
  maybe we should , indeed , seriously consider making french an official language in the greater london area . 
  if the population of london as a third french or a half french than i would seriously consider that a good idea . 
  however that proposal only sounds so absurd ( in your mind ) because whilst 400,000 french people is a lot of french people for a british city , the population of london is over 10 million , meaning that francophones only make up less than 5 % of the people in london , meaning that it is somewhat out of the question . 
  i think those that live in the uk should speak good english , but we should also recognise that this country we live in is prone to change . 
  we have to recognise that culture changes over time and if you staunchly stick to tradition you 're going to marginalise constructive members of british society , simply because they happen to also be members of another society . 
  there 's no inherent reason why britain must also be mainly monolingual . 
  if newcastle suddenly become almost entirely populated by greeks who were constructive members of our society , who work , pay taxes , take their kids to school , why not accept that the notion of what it is to be a geordie has changed , and maybe you can be a geordie and speak greek . 
  i 'm talking about the idea of what it is to be a sheffielder , or a yorkshire folk , or english or british , i 'm talking about the idea , of being one of those , changing as time goes on and that we should accomodate this change as it happens and not hold back culture . 
  we should not restrict change , we should accommodate it when the circumstances are right . 
  i like this goes for all of europe . 
  well as an englishman i feel completely ok with this . 
  all signs are already written in two languages in wales and if a county or city got 1/3 or even 1/2 of the population speaking a specific language natively ( or even not natively ) i would n't mind all signs and services in that area being in a regional language , whether that language is welsh , scots , irish or even chinese , arabic or french . 
  to be completely honest i 'd love to have a bunch of signs in french , german or some other european language as it 'd make them easier to learn because you 're in contact with the language more often , but i digress . 
  the ec and various other eu organs have repeatedly refused to comment on the issue `` unless asked to by a member state '' which so far has not happened . 
  it 's a grey area and whilst there are precedents in other countries , there 's no reason that these set precedent for the european union . 
  it 's stupid for anyone to stand up and say there is an answer . 
  we do n't know the answer and the only way we 'll truly no the answer is after it 's happened . 
  i 'm not sure that croats have a referendum model similar to the swiss , they just happen to have had one recently and this one about cyrillic has n't been held yet , nor are there official government plans to . 
  almost certainly badly . 
  many people see second order elections , including ep , welsh assembly , london assembly , local council elections and so on as merely a way of expressing their dissatisfaction with the current party in control . 
  this is for the uk , anyway . 
  for instance when a bi-election pops up in a government seat it 'll often be given to an opposition party , but then when a general election comes around it 'll return back to its original party . 
  i 'm not just talking about the ep , i 'm talking about westminster . 
  all three party leaders claim to be pro-europe , to varying degrees and non of them do anything about it . 
  i 've already mentioned that nick clegg 's stance on the issue is `` pro-europe . 
  he 's the deputy prime minister and yet he 's never articulated his position much further and he 's never made a particularly good case for europe . 
  david cameron 's also committed to being in europe and tries desperately to appease the right of his party , but has never particularly advocate reform or made a case from it . 
  they all acknowledge short comings in the eu and the threat of ukip , yet non of them do anything about it . 
  it 's part of all the big three parties ' policies that europe should be reformed , yet they never do it , just like that referendum we 've never had . 
  nick clegg managed to get elected with electoral reform being one of his major policies , and blaire campaigned on a platform which included heavy constitutional reform . 
  i do n't see why constitutional reform of the european union ca n't be a major issue which eu parties campaign on , and why they ca n't inspire people over it too . 
  just stress the positives of the eu , and explain how much better it could be with a few reforms and what the result of those reforms is likely to be and you 'll be doing a better job than most politicians . 
  all they do is say `` yeah , we 'd like reform . 
  this is the reform we 'd like '' . 
  never bother explaining it even or saying it in an enthusiastic tone like they do over most other issues , even most other minor issues . 
  what annoys me about the british perspective and to an extent a lot of european or british pro-europe politicians is that nobody is making a good case for european reform . 
  it 's virtually universally accepted and whenever any one makes nick clegg ( leader of one of the most pro-eu parties in the uk ) explain his position he 'll say `` pro europe . 
  pro reform '' and then stop without inspiring anyone . 
  i feel as though martin schulz and the rest make similar mistakes . 
  they say they want reform but they do n't inspire people the way farage inspires people . 
  they do n't make you feel like it 's a good idea , they just say that it should be done without convincing you . 
  farage , far right tories and to an extent cameron will talk about leaving and people will cheer . 
  the pro-europe folk should be making the case that we should reform europe , not leave it . 
  they should square the circle , and turn at the very least turn eurosceptic voters into apathetic european reformers . 
  but so far they 've failed . 
  that makes me disappointed in them . 
  could you ( or someone ) expand on what the euro did , initially , do for greece ? 
  correlation = / = causation, 
  him being a federalist does n't really matter that much . 
  i know that the current leader of the liberal party is hugely federalist and i 'd suspect that most of the others are as well . 
  additionally he 's making somewhat of an effort to avoid being pigeon holed with the `` federalist tag '' , so as not to start off on the wrong foot with the british and ( i imagine ) southern europeans . 
  what was he debating about ? 
  maybe it was some area of policy which is less `` sensative '' . 
  european federalism , eu democracy and the scotland question are very difficult for eu people to answer to a british audience . 
  i imagine he 'd have better luck in front of an irish audience and with different subjects . 
  tbf i 'd quite like to see that . 
  schulz did a decent job of looking presidential in that interview , but i think his english let him down a little bit . 
  it took him a long time to explain his points and sometimes his explanations were so odd/longwinded that the message did n't really come across . 
  he did get in a couple of pretty good points and i do n't think he seriously slipped up on anything . 
  he might well make a decent european commission president . 
  you know , with modern rehabilitation methods , a leopard can , in fact , change its spots . 
  apart from all those people i 've met over the years who used to be assholes and then just changed !, 
  give people the means to change their lives for the better and they ; ll usually change their lives for the better . 
  ^ ( gib clay ), 
  for those that do n't know where or what kaliningrad oblast is : [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bpyyonk.png ) . 
  and here 's a map of eu member states , illustrating how separate kalinigrad is from the rest of russia : [ bam ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/styles/fra_large/public/fra_images/europe_map_croatia_white_bg.jpg ) and here 's a wikipedia article about kaniningrad , perhaps answering some of your questions as to why there is an isolated part or russia ~ a hundred miles away from the rest of russia : [ shazam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad#soviet_union ), 
  so you started off in this thread with the presumption about what it meant to be `` third world '' which was * completely * wrong , and now you 're trying to tell people who actually know what the definition is what the definition is ? 
  yes , all of them . 
  the definition of `` first world '' is being aligned with other first world states . 
  all eurozone countries very much are aligned with other first world states . 
  this is why `` first world '' and `` third world '' are the only terms which get mentioned anymore but `` second world '' does n't . 
  the soviet union does n't exist anymore so you can ' y really be aligned with the communist block in the same way you could before , ergo no country can really be second world . 
  ... no australia , canada and new zealand have n't adopted the world 's most used currencies , and yet they are still very clearly first world . 
  the term denotes what position a country was in during the cold war . 
  first world were western capitalist countries aligned with each other . 
  second world was made up of ideologically communist countries * who were aligned with each other * . 
  some communist countries such as yugoslavia were communist but not aligned with moscow or beijing and so fall into the the third category . 
  the third : countries not aligned with any major power or major block of countries . 
  this a large portion of the world . 
  south america , africa , most the middle east and south asia . 
  the meaning of the term has changed slightly today . 
  the term `` second world '' is pretty much non existent , first world is only sparingly used and third world is used as a derogatory term for any country that seems underdeveloped or backwards . 
  i 've heard people call a lot of the ex-soviet countries third world before . 
  so all the countries in the eurozone are * very much * first world .
