  it is the individual that commits the crime , not the group . 
  the thing is , it 's not the fault of the loyalists or unionists that this violence is taking place . 
  i agree that rioting and sectarian violence is despicable without good reason , but let 's remember who 's actually doing the violence . 
  it 's not being instigated from westminster or dublin . 
  what 's happened here is a bunch of yobs have decided that they want to start a fight . 
  they have no real intention here . 
  these are the same kinds of people who were involved in the england riots a few years ago . 
  they have no political motive , but they pretend to . 
  for these yobs , ` loyalism ' and being anti-unionists is just an excuse to have a fight . 
  the * real * unionists and republicans are ** much ** more respectable than this . 
  even the ira has virtually disappeared and the british forces in ni are simply there to keep the peace . 
  it 's a very small group of people in northern ireland who give the rest a bad name . 
  it 's a small minority ruining everything for the rest . 
  yeah , the presenter claims to be of the best intentions , but i definitely think the documentary would be greatly improved with a better presenter who 's less snarky . 
  everyone i 've talked to seems to think that france , italy , ect . 
  were very much in the wrong to do what they did and condemn the action . 
  surely , the more people who know that european governments did what they did the more people will be disappointed in their governments . 
  several major latin american governments withdrawing their ambassadors all at once is the kind of thing which can make headlines . 
  more headlines means more people will know which means more people will condemn it . 
  there are obviously internal political reasons as well , but i do n't believe that 's the only reason . 
  making a public statement is definitely on the list of reasons they did this . 
  will this immediately `` accomplish anything in europe '' ? 
  will it * help * accomplish things in europe ? 
  yes . 
  one drop of water can still be part of a great flood . 
  interestingly the politicians we have now are on average a lot younger than they were in previous times . 
  for instance david cameron is the youngest prime minister the uk has ever had and ed miliband is even younger than him . 
  this situation is mirrored in most of europe also . 
  both sides are acting in a professional manner . 
  it 's yobs like these who give the rest a bad name . 
  these people in the video are not representative of the british . 
  they are not representative of the irish . 
  and they are not even representative of the northern irish . 
  it 's a minority of yobs who like to cause trouble , incite violence and just generally make life worse for the people who live close by . 
  `` s '' , denmark , finland , netherlands/belgium / `` a '' , deutschland ( germany ) . 
  which country is `` s '' and which country is `` a '' ? 
  that was a surprisingly nice little read about the history of berlin . 
  non of it was particularly new to me , but it was all woven nicely together with a character to follow through . 
  very nice . 
  you make a good point . 
  as an english person i 'd be very insulted if someone said the english riots was actually some what indicative of what people who are n't bored teenage chavs think . 
  fair point . 
  personally i 'd continue to respond in a monotone fashion because i believe being provocative is pointless . 
  but i guess i can see where you 're coming from . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  but it 's not like you 've ever seen someone say something silly on the internet before , is it ? 
  i mean , you 're kind of flying off the handle at him . 
  you could , like , explain it to him simply or just ignore him if he frustrates you , ect . 
  i just do n't really see the point in all the aggressive language . 
  you 're entitled to act however you want , but i do n't understand it . 
  dude , why are you getting so agitated about this ? 
  people would think the british were out right backwards if they only pick the most radical elements of our political system . 
  for example , dennis skinner 's heckling , general argument at prime minister 's questions , that one time a chief whip kicked the belgian ambassador down the stairs , prince harry dressing up as a nazi . 
  non of these things are representative of the british public . 
  i ca n't speak for bulgaria , but i certainly know i 'm in no position to make a judgement about them based on this video . 
  if they 've been granted entry into the eu , i 'm sure they fulfil all the relevant criteria and that we 'll all be better off as a result . 
  depends what view you take on why we have the state . 
  some people would say that any government is better than no government and therefor we should respect any and every law so as not to undermine the rule of law so that we can live in a peaceful society . 
  there 's a variety of reasons to break the law and reasons why the rule of law should be disrespected but i do n't want senior ministers to take any of those points of view . 
  undermining the rule of law is for revolutionaries and protestors like ourselves , not for members of government . 
  members of government should try and change immoral laws , not tell you to disobey them . 
  yeah , i 'm upvoting all of them just because i think it 's incredibly in place and interesting . 
  the exchange rate is fixed . 
  one latvian piece of currency will always be worth the same amount in euros . 
  and euros will always be worth the same amount in latvia 's currency . 
  this is different to currencies which are not pegged like the british pound . 
  the amount of euros one pound will be you changes on a daily basis , because the currencies are not pegged . 
  i say the same thing about everything south of birmingham, 
  i did n't know you watched this sub . 
  i feel like we have a celebrity in our mitts !, 
  * ^ ( mindofmetalandwheels is cgpgrey himself . 
  he even has his own subredit / r/cgpgrey ), 
  i thought you were going to start talking about manifest destiny and how the usa kept expanding westward until it hit the ocean , and how the eu is the same because it started in the west and spread east until it hit the urals . 
  i had the time zone difference . 
  as a british person i can currently keep up relations with friends in america . 
  i mean , i fell in love with an american girl and kept it going for months while we were on different continents . 
  we 'd talk everyday after she got home from school . 
  if she lived in australia or even in the far west usa ( she lived in houston ) that would n't quite have been possible . 
  if i moved to a different country , i want it to have good internet so i can have a skype call with my family back home every so often without having to stay up till 1 am . 
  oh , and also those spiders and other wild life scare the shit out of me . 
  and i hate the climate . 
  i do n't have any southern european countries on that list . 
  only netherlands , germany , austria , ireland and switzerland . 
  scandinavia would be a step too cold though . 
  screw scandinavia , germany is the true utopia of equality !, 
   got high and slaughtered said tv-cooks pony on the beach . 
  yeahhhh nothing much happening, 
  oh that 's much more positive than i thought . 
  i thought it was going to be 46 % positive and 54 negative , which would have been pretty bad . 
  agreed . 
  it 's one of the only countries on the world i would consider living . 
  one of the others is canada and all the rest in europe . 
  it 's just us politics , media and government i hate . 
  i mean , it 's all better than a totalitarian dictatorship but it 's still pretty shitty compared to the press and politics we have in europe ( though i definitely admit ours have faults ) . 
  there should n't be any border trouble after tomorrow . 
  maybe there 'll be hiccups in the system for a while as both the croatia and slovenian systems adapt , but basically , the border in practice does n't exist most of the time and for most purposes . 
  people can move between the two without any body hassling them . 
  the only times you might get checked is if you look suspicious and a border patrol or someone happens to be nearby . 
  this is similar to how police can stop and search you if they have good reason . 
  as for those other purposes i mentioned , that 's stuff like electoral boundaries , divisions of public services and gathering of data .
