  it 's just so odd to view the allies as having an obligation to liberate the rest of europe . 
  they did n't have an obligation to do anything and it 's absurd to criticise them for not doing more . 
  they got rid of the nazi for god 's sake , do you expect them to take out the soviet union * and * the iberian fascists * as well * ? 
  after france and the british empire were completely exhausted and the usa was still recovering from the great depression ( it did n't become apparent that wwii had helped the us ' recovery massively until much later ) . 
  it 's just odd to see countries like france and the uk and the usa as having an actual obligation to continue the war . 
  from my perspective they were n't obligated to do anything . 
  heck they did n't even have an obligation to defeat the nazis and they probably would n't have if they were n't such a threat . 
  it 's good to look at this from multiple perspective , but i really do n't think the athletes are too important in this . 
  it sound ridiculous saying that athletes are n't important to the olympics but hear me out . 
  2,600 athletes went to the 2010 vancouver olympics ( according to wikipedia at least ) . 
  i 'd wager that the number of russians subjected to legal and institutional discrimination is well above that . 
  based on the percent of lgtb in liberal societies like the uk and usa which puts the gay population at between 3 and 5 percent that means that there are *** very roughly speaking *** 7 million russians subjected to such discrimination . 
  this figure is very rough , but no matter which way you look at it the number of lgtb russians is going to be at least seven digits long . 
  that rather blows the number of olympic athletes out of the water at a meagre two thousand six hundred . 
  that 's a drop in the ocean compared to the millions of persecuted lgtb russians . 
  further more , the olympic athletes are simply being denied a great luxury , all be it a luxury they have worked hard to obtain . 
  but a meagre luxury and honour non the less . 
  where as what is happening to lgtb russians is not simply that they are having a few luxuries removed but that they are having their quality of life ruined and by some interpretations being denied their rights ( the european convention on human rights , of which russia and the whole rest of europe bar belarus is a signatory , enshrines that people have a right to marry and to a family life and lgtb people in russia have neither ) . 
  so what i 'm saying is that the athletes are pretty irrelevant in this regard . 
  yeah , it 's regrettable that they might not be able to compete , but that is a sadness that is easily justifiable compared to the lively hoods of the russian lgtb community which is faces far worse hardships and in far greater numbers . 
  i 'm not saying that i do think the olympics should be cancelled all together , but i do n't think that the issue you raised should be a reason to not cancel . 
  edit : whilst this post is still only seconds old i 'd like to also point out that boycotting the 2014 winter olympics is also , in the eyes of stephen fry , a preventative measure to stop the situation for a minority group deteriorating even further . 
  stephen draws a lot of parallels with hitler and the olympics then and how it legitimised hitler in the eyes of many people , including germans whilst he was persecuting jews . 
  stephen fry makes the argument that allowing putin to host these games would do the same and thus justify the things he is doing both to putin and to his electorate as well as the international community . 
  the idea is to let the whole world know that this must be stopped and then the pain that lgbt people have suffered must be reversed and prevented from getting even worse . 
  yeah that 's what i would think if someone said `` beamer '', 
  be careful about judging the mods based on what you 've heard . 
  with things like moderators , you only ever really hear about them , specifically , when there 's controversy . 
  additionally , this time and a previous time when there was controversy and i looked into it deeper , i found that i thought the mods were mostly in the right and that a haze had surrounded the whole affair which distorted made it look like the mods were worse than they are . 
  though i think the mods could do a better job at communicating why they did things and maybe have a slightly more official line . 
  this is part of the reason that hysteria sets in . 
  they do n't explain things very well and about three of them will give slightly different explanations and the story gets confusing . 
  if they just got together quickly and settled things between themselves first , * then * came here and explained things there would be a lot less confusion . 
  you 're thinking of australians . 
  cunt is basically the worst insult possible around these parts . 
  with my criticisms of the article itself , they were more focused on the translations being kind of odd and the article only being about three paragraphs long . 
  between the weird translations and lack of subtext it 's kind of confusing . 
  i think it 's pretty factual , but the journalists were also trying to deliver a narrative but it got kind of obscured by them keeping the article tiny and including no subtext . 
  this title feels like it is not actually getting at what the real story is here . 
  that real story being that the russian prime minister went over to georgia said this sort of thing  the russian prime minister emphasised that georgia would not benefit from nato membership , adding that russia `` can not ignore the fact that military might has a certain direction . '' it 's kind of a crappily written article to be fair . 
  but i get the impression the journalists are trying to say he went over to georgia and said some things which were a bit omanis during a tv interview . 
  i mean , going over to georgia and saying `` hey , joining nato would be , let 's say , a ` bad idea ' yeah ? 
  good '' . 
  it 's particularly relevant knowing the history of that place . 
  church 's have historically been extremely good for society in the western world , despite what some hard line atheists will tell you . 
  especially catholicism in the pre-renaissance period . 
  it was hugely important in advancing learning and it taught people to do good unto others and to be chartable and it was even an important part of the local economy . 
  heck in tudor england before the break with rome by king henry viii catholicism bound the country together culturally . 
  however , that was then and this is now . 
  i 'm not sure i feel comfortable with a church taking such a heavy role in society in present times . 
  i guess churches have a lot of potential and that potential has not been utalised at all really in recent times . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that it 's kind of a shame it 's the church doing this . 
  it 's good that it is being done but it 's kind of a bitter sweet good because it feels like this is n't the church 's job anymore and that it should be the government or something which does it . 
  but desperate situations call for desperate measures and i 'm up for anything which helps make life better for the roma minority in romania and just generally improve well being for romanians and other europeans . 
  spain 's government 's interests *, 
  ( this might sound a little racisty and i am taking my observations with a pinch of salt , but these were the sorts of things which i found interesting and examples of them ) . 
  work ethic was definitely the main one that popped up . 
  the german workers just really did not mess around on the job . 
  at all . 
  that was the main thing , but there were two other really prominent things . 
  the sense of community both in the work place and in recreational times . 
  they make the husband go to this club which he is obviously not cut out for ( it 's a ) a quire b ) they 're singing in german which he does n't speak much of c ) most of the people their are at least ten years older than him ) . 
  there was also the regimented society aspect . 
  the way other drivers were beeping at him if he even left his indicator on too long and the way you just do n't make noise on a sunday . 
  obviously the work place was very regimented too . 
  i 'm keeping in mind that this was on n\u00fcrnburg and i get the impression is exceptional average in its germanness and exceptionally normal . 
  if you know i mean . 
  it 's probably a lot more german than other places in germany . 
  i would sooner do that than post a meme saying `` i do n't that word means what you think it means '' . 
  see , if i 'm not willing to go through the effort to make a good comment , i do n't comment at all . 
  i either contribute a * useful * opinion or i contribute useful information . 
  i never just waltz in , insult someone , and then leave . 
  if i 'm gon na insult someone i 'm gon na tell them why i 'm doing it . 
  european parliamentary constituency of yorkshire and the humber represent !, 
  i think we might be the only constituency in the uk to host both a mep from ukip and an mep from the bnp . 
  ^ ^ * sigh *, 
  just watched this literally ten minutes ago . 
  it was really interesting seeing how much truth ( or lack of it ) there was in some of the german stereotypes . 
  i did n't intend to actually watch it but as i was on my way upstairs i listened in for a second and ended up sat there for about an hour . 
  it was just a really good documentary, 
  yep it 's really easy for them to just google the word free market and they 'll probably eventually get the result you 're looking for . 
  * or * you could expend * even less * energy and type out the thing yourself and tell them `` free market actually means this '' or `` here 's a link i found on google explaining what free market means '' rather than being a condescending jerk about it . 
  i mean , i 'm glad that you 've actually linked to something now and articulated * now * how exactly you thought the commenter was misusing the term free market . 
  i 'm glad of that . 
  i just wish you could have done that in the first place . 
  but should they have been let in when they are only now making their first steps ? 
  personally i do n't think these are the first steps and i think bulgaria has been on a long slow climb up since 1990 but that slow climb up is n't necessarily going to be easy . 
  but i still do wonder sometimes if the eu should have expanded past poland . 
  it seems that some of the countries that were let in are not exactly ship shape and now we have so many members coming to a compromise may be impossible . 
  but i 'm still not sure and i probably wont be until either the eu falls apart , or enough time passes and quality of life rises that i have to evaluate that it was probably worth it . 
  just thought i 'd put some statistics in . 
  the eu budget makes up about 1 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  this is compared to the national budgets which usually make up about 40 to 60 percent of gdp . 
  so yeah , eu funds are never going to make up a huge part of an economy . 
  it is enough to warrant making sure that they are being spent well and in good hands though 1 % of ~ 17.5 trillion us dollars is a lot of money . 
  i had to memorise these statistics and thought someone might find them interesting . 
  the problem is that bulgaria 's education system is not under eu jurisdiction . 
  / rant begin ffs i hate the phrase . 
  add something constructive to the conversation instead of just a condescending opinion . 
  if you think he 's wrong tell him where you think he 's wrong and what you think is right .
