  as it stands being a translator is not a bad job at all . 
  it 's not the same calibre as being a states man , but just because you 're not a statesman does n't mean you 're not fulfilling an important and profitable function . 
  additionally whilst david cameron has personally managed to make it to top office without appearing to need french ( i 'm uncertain of this , but let 's suppose ) that does not mean that it would n't have been easier if he did have those skills . 
  life is a lot easier if you have a wider variety of skills , and languages , for many people , are very useful skills indeed . 
  furthermore , speaking mandarin will be an increasingly more important skill as time marches on and being able to speak it will become increasingly more of a necessity to gaining top offices in public and private sector . 
  so whilst politicians of today might find it easily manageable to obtain top offices without language skills , that might not necessarily be true in future as mandarin takes a firmer grip . 
  this is one of the main things education prepares us for . 
  not for the world we live in , but for the world we will life in ones we leave education . 
  i agree that if teachers were either better qualified , better paid or had a better working environment that we would be able to fix the problem . 
  however this probably wont be the case because all of them require a long term increase in the amount of money which is put into language education . 
  i think we should increase the amount we spend on language education , but as it stands we wont . 
  however i think that if we were to take advantage of new technology and techniques that it need not be necessary to increase the funding dramatically , or at least not increase the funding indefinitely . 
  by this i mean we could be taking advantage of the internet to connect students to native speakers , memorisation games to help take the monotony out of memorisation ( memorise.com comes to mind ) . 
  even some old innovations could be more used . 
  languages are n't very well suited to being learned mainly through the classroom which is why we need to make a more immerse experience using technology . 
  why do n't the teachers prescribe more foreign language films to watch ? 
  is n't the term for a state funded school/non-privately funded school `` state school '' as opposed to `` public school '' , public school being the term for the first british schools which allowed people of all religions to enter , at a price . 
  public school is a word i like to avoid , even when talking to non-britons . 
  the term ` state school ' is much more specific . 
  if we encourage intercultural links between the western world and china than maybe we 'll be able to help facilitate china becoming a more pro-active protector of human rights , and should that happen the uk will then be in a good position to capitalise on that because we , as a nation , possess the linguistic abilities . 
  he did get an o-level in french ( which really is n't saying much ) but one suspects that , being an etonian , that he still would have been taught it at a very high level and again , given that he 's an etonian , he would have also studied latin and greek . 
  so he 's not quite so monolingual as the ~ majority of the country . 
  additionally , nick clegg , deputy pm , speaks about four languages . 
  english , dutch , spanish and german . 
  there 's also boris johnson , mayor of london and a senior member of david cameron 's party , who speaks quite good french , even to the point where he conducted an interview on french television in french on at least one occasion . 
  so it 's not * that * hypocritical of him of cameron to be making these claims , especially given that in his line of work language skills are n't so useful . 
  cameron 's more suggesting that he wants people to learn it so that they can be translators or interpreters to chinese nationals who 're visiting the country for either business or pleasure . 
  it 's very important to have british translators for important languages available , which means that a whole variety of important languages * should * be taught in school . 
  however that does n't mean that we should all take these languages to a high level . 
  it will only be useful for some of us to do that . 
  yes . 
  i am , in fact , defending something david cameron said . 
  the article in the op itself states that there are only 1,000 qualified mandarin teachers ( iirc , the site 's gone in pay wall mode now ) . 
  that 's a shockingly low amount of people who 're qualified . 
  that 's nto a direct source for the number of translates , but there 's usually a correlation between the number of qualified teachers for a language and the number of translators available . 
  keep in mind i 'm not talking about people who 're currently teaching . 
  i 'm talking about people who 're even * qualified * to teach . 
  i disagree . 
  i would n't say children `` ca n't '' but more that they `` do n't '' . 
  so why do n't they ? 
  the teaching of foreign languages is monotonous and boring , especially compared to other subjects . 
  there needs to be some change in the way languages are taught in the uk to bring our language education up to scratch . 
  if we can we arrange the way languages are taught we have a real chance of not only being able to teach people spanish and french , but more distant languages like chinese as well . 
  does this mean that the pm is essentially trying to reverse the decision yanukovych made to side with russia over the eu and revert back to the eu 's association agreement ? 
  or maybe we 're making gross over simplifications about a group of people , of which there are over sixty million ? 
  surprisingly there 's very few statements which you can make about 60 million people and expect it to be true for all of them . 
  do british people tend to be less good at languages as their european neighbours ? 
  yes , i 'd agree that there is a tendency there . 
  however there 's also a very sizeable proportion of british schools ( i 'm talking about state schools too ) and people ( young and old in equal proportion ) who 're actually just as good as an average european school/person if not considerably better . 
  i agree that there could be a lot of improvement , but there 's also a lot which is good here already and we should n't deny that . 
  i 've said already that it 's not just me who does languages in my school . 
  i 'm not sitting in a french classroom or a german classroom by myself . 
  more people do spanish in my school than english language or philosophy or sport a-level or business studies . 
  german and french still are n't so popular ( about half as popular as spanish ) but there 's still a good chunk of people who take them . 
  mostly my problem is just with the op claiming that anglophones simply ca n't do it . 
  that ' ; s just wrong . 
  we have the capacity . 
  we just need a better way for it to be taught and then maybe some more motivation . 
  then we 'd be just as good as most continental european countries . 
  shoutout to / r/languagelearning . 
  i really liked duolingo , but it 's not really the main thing you should be using . 
  i recommend buying or pirating the michel thomas spanish course and listening to it in the way he prescribes . 
  if you did 4 hours a week for a year , and you structured your time well , used good resources i think you 'd probably be able to have some very basic conversations in a few months , maybe a bit longer if considering you do n't already know a romance language . 
  once you can have a basic conversation ( `` where are the shops ? 
  i like blue trousers . 
  you have a nice brown beard '' ect ) ( simple statements of fact and simple questions ) then it is a lot easier to move on to harder elements of the language like modal verbs ( words like can , will , want to , verbs which can only be used in conjunction with other verbs ) and the various tenses . 
  go and check out that sub . 
  they 're very helpful there . 
  well , that 's certainly a very infantile way to look at it . 
  attributing human , person like qualities to nations just does n't follow . 
  nations do n't get desperate or hunger for fame or whatever like humans do . 
  nations are nations and people are people and we 'd do better to remember that and stop drawing these silly comparisons like `` hey , china 's totally the new kid in the room who 's parents just got rich and bought him new trainers and now all the other kids are * sooooooo * jealous '' . 
  that 's a stupid way to look at the situation . 
  if we stop making these stupid comparisons we 'd be able to understand the situation a lot better . 
  if the stereotype is to be believed it 's mostly pensioners and retirees who make up the british diaspora in spain . 
  they 're old and are n't really there for the excitement . 
  they 're there for the weather and the relaxation . 
  still , i would of thought in retirement that it would be easier to learn a language and that it would be a good use of all that free time . 
  i find it really strange for all the people who go over there with the intention of spending the rest of their lives , that they actually do n't want to or think that it would be difficult . 
  i go to a couple of french classes every week ( i live in the uk ) and i find it really fun . 
  ok i 'm at an advantage because i like languages , but also it 's just nice to go out and see people once a week . 
  i 'd keep going even if there were no people , but i 'd almost go just so i could get to have a nice experience talking to people . 
  if you learn at a nice slow pace and in a nice environment it 's really not very difficult at all to get somewhat conversational or at least to a level where newspapers do n't write headlines about how you 're stinking immigrant who makes no effort to assimilate . 
  and by that i mean enough to walk into a shop and politely say `` do you sell oranges juice ? 
  oh , thank you very much . 
  have a nice day '' ect . 
  you do n't have to be able to follow a parliamentary debate or spell and define the word antidisestablishmentarianism or have a polito-philosophical debate . 
  i 've been getting mildly infuriated by all the news articles about ukraine referring to the main opposition party as `` the opposition '' . 
  why not be more specific ? 
  it 's not like you can define things so simply as `` here are the people who are against stuff '' and `` here are the people for stuff '' . 
  makes no sense and i do n't know why the news outlets have been doing it on this ukraine story all the time . 
  for reals ? 
  for real ? 
  paying for something that costs $ 5.99 using a 10 euro note , and then receiving change consisting only of one and two * cent * coins . 
  and the cashier is the queen who tells you to fuck off . 
  there 's nothing more insulting than being told to fuck off by the queen . 
  time for a word map !, 
  some one petition / r/linguists or / r/mapporn or that other sub i forget the name of, 
  [ `` dieu et mon droite '' ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/royal_coat_of_arms_of_the_united_kingdom.svg ) - l'embl\u00e8me national du royaume-uni ( national emblem of the uk `` god and my right '' ), 
  because they would be unable to access public services , they would be unable to represent themselves in court , they would be unable to read where they are going on the motorway .
