  why not ? 
  we 're already half way there . 
  that 's a extremely good point . 
  now i am a little worried ... at this stage all the guys who 're actually doing space stuff seem pretty upstanding and interested in the betterment of man kind first and financial return second , but it wont always be the case sadly ... well , hopefully there 'll be some government initiatives telling private companies to ` not be dicks about it ' . 
  i 'm not sure what means i 'd like taken against them , but i really bloody dont want patent blocking to happen . 
   and the point you made about slavery - the majority of british people thought it was ok , the majority of the world thought it was ok . 
  but do n't you think that as we 've moved on i think we 've moved on from slavery , yes . 
  i do n't . 
  however , think we 've moved on from other things like say same sex marriage . 
  i think you 're being a little naive here . 
  we 're not the ultimate society . 
  far from it . 
  there 's plenty of horrible things we do that later generations are going to look at with disgust . 
  i ca n't tell you what all of them are , because i do n't know what they are , yet . 
  perhaps it 'll be polution , perhaps same sex marriage , perhaps animal cruelty , perhaps some thing different that we do n't think of as bad at all like * owning other animals * . 
  it seems perfectly reasonable to us now , but it wont always . 
  this is without even mentioning that different people have different ideas of what is good . 
  a majority in britain say the death penalty is a stupid idea , a majority of americans in certain states , say otherwise . 
  we 're very like minded on a global spectrum but even there 's a * huge * difference of opinion . 
  just imagine the difference of opinion between us ( westerners ) and indian culture ( s ) or chinese culture or african culture ( s )  having entire consensus means that stuff like syria continues to happen it 's extremely regrettable that people in syria are dying because of a tyrant dictator who 's only going to be ousted anyway so is just causing suffering for no reason at all . 
  it really is awful . 
  there 's no denying that , but there 's two things a ) the west 's solution ( which is being blocked by russia and china ) is to do a libya and effectively invade , or at least do a no fly zone and bomb the living shit out of the middle east * again * . 
  you can see why a lay man might oppose that . 
  b ) what if a majority of nations suddenly decided that america was suddenly the enemy and * it * should be attacked , causing the deaths of thousands to millions of innocent civilians as happens in every western war in the past two centuries . 
   but it is n't working . 
  i mentioned this before `` the west 's solution ( which is being blocked by russia and china ) is to do a libya and effectively invade , or at least do a no fly zone and bomb the living shit out of the middle east again . 
  you can see why a lay man might oppose that . '', 
  i know that 's not really why it 's being vetoed . 
  it 's more to do with russia protecting it 's interests and allies in the middle east than anything moral . 
  however , how are you ever going to get other nations to sign up to something new where they get less power than they already do . 
  it 's an unideal system but i think we forget how lucky we are to have this . 
  before that we had the league of nations and before that * nothing * . 
  before wwi , we had no un substitute , no international organisation * at all * to inspect nations and make sure they do n't go * starting a world war * . 
  making sure * world wars * do n't happen is the un 's main objective . 
  it was founded because of world war two with the intention of making sure it never happens again . 
  the un is a relatively weak international organisation , but compared to nothing it is practically the terminator . 
  it 's easy to criticise something when you have nothing to compare it to but we really should try and imagine a world without it . 
  it would not be a nice place . 
  i 'm not saying our world is * nice * , but i am saying this world could be near infinitely worse . 
   americans eventually bailing us out . 
  there 's a difference between using american help because it 's cheaper than using our own and being dependant upon it . 
  european armies use us assistance in all the west 's wars because the us 's army is stupidly large and what ever we can do , they can probably improve it in some way ( in terms of military capability ) so we let them . 
  why are you going to turn down americans making things more efficient ? 
  it 's what they do best after all . 
  in summery : * there 's a difference between using help , and being dependant upon help *, 
  just because a majority of people ( or states ) agree on some thing does n't make it right . 
  a majority of americans thought that slavery was ok during pre civil war america . 
  that did n't mean it was right . 
  giving the un the right to invade any country it chooses so long as it can get 90 ( or there about ) sovereign states to agree does n't sound like a good idea on the principles mentioned . 
  the un operates on consensus for a reason . 
  it 's not meant to decide things for the world , it 's meant to make sure the world runs as smoothly as possible . 
   ** one ** of the reasons, 
  now that 's a little racist . 
  you guys are n't exactly making americans look good here , you know ? ... 
  eeeeesh , well some one really made it which is odd enough . 
  not sure with photoshop or with a model and a camera , but they made it and put a lot of work in . 
  yeah , / avoid, 
  preferably later . 
  not much later though . 
  using capitalism to drive forward space related activity is probably the most efficient way to do it at the moment . 
  lots of small inventors doing their own thing , trying to figure out the best way into space effectively , as skylon is doing ( * i fucking love skylon * ) with partial government funding , but mostly relying on private finances to much success . 
  that model is visible throughout the developed world . 
  yes this is the era of space flight , but this is also the era where we 're going to start seeing financial returns on it . 
  just give it another few years . 
  virgin galactic flies in 2014 and skylon will be fully designed by 2015 . 
  that 's the point where every one realises space tourism is real and really profitable . 
  that will start a vicious cycle of more investments for more research to create more , better rockets to create revenues to put back into research and development . 
  we do n't need tax money for this , just government support to not nationalise the industry and to make it so the law permits it . 
  that cycle is already starting , once it gets underway we 'll be able to have cheap ( relatively ) and already existing technology/kit to bring our astronauts into space and onto colonisation . 
  if we start being ambitious now , we 'll waist a lot of money and get half the results we would if we start being ambitious in five years time . 
  it 's only a few years and then we 'll have our second space age . 
  i 'd rather not ... 
  it reminds me of the sun : never heard anything good about or the people that read it . 
  best to avoid reading it yourself incase you get sucked in . 
  i would n't say that 's strictly true . 
  i 'd say we lack the will as a nation and a set of nations to push for much more . 
  i also think that this is n't necessarily the time for big government initiatives for space . 
  this is the era for * commercial * space flight . 
  se skylon , virgin galactic and spacex . 
  that 's where the frontier really lies . 
  i think the logical thing to do would be let these private companies do their thing and when the political will arises for moon bases and mars and * big * space stuff . 
  then we learn from them and perhaps hire their expertise with big government funding . 
  space is n't something that 's going to improve by being courageous or ambitious . 
  it does help , but what really pushes space is brains and i think we 're not short of that . 
  christmas holidays . 
  what 's the point if you 're not going to pull an all nighter or three . 
  and it 's 5 am incase you 're wondering . 
  i 'm committed to staying the whole night/day now . 
  guess i 'm gon na have to resort to excessive caffein ( this from some one who has three cups of tea a day for no reason ) to fake any kind of cognitive awareness . 
  probably have to all be bilingual . 
  so additionally we 'll probably be keeping the number of british astronauts at one . 
  then the moon ? 
  please can we do the moon next ? 
  bulgaria can wait . 
  apologise , you 'll probably find me all over this topic ... 
  i got a little frustrating with the pro military perspective and , well had a lot to say . 
  do n't judge ( too harshly ) !, 
   i really liked canada because ( this is just my opinion ) it seems to combine the best of both the u.s. and europe . 
  yeah , it sort of distances itself from the american very right wing , very capitalist model . 
  not so much as to call it european or socialist , but enough to make it some where between that and the us .
