  as it stands you 've just claimed it and left it unsupported . 
  it 's not that you 've not supplied evidence , that i could understand . 
  it 's that you 've not even explained why it would work this way . 
  you 've also not explained in what way if any the eu is part of the problem . 
  this is n't how discussion works . 
  you do n't just claim things wildly , you explain how one thing leads to another . 
  you 've not even done that . 
  that 's why i do n't understand . 
  do remember that this has to be observed within the context of its time and that this was only ever discussed and not actually implemented . 
  i think it 's fair that all possible avenues should be evaluated and not dismissed at face value . 
  the ira , around the time of thatcher , actually set up some sort of mortar in london which they used to bomb number 10 downing street ( fortunately nobody was killed ) . 
  a hotel on the british mainland was bombed where many conservative party members were thought to have been staying . 
  the british army had already been deployed to northern ireland to try and maintain order and unfortunately the irish republican community largely misinterpreted the intention of putting troops their ( uk government also takes blame for this misinterpretation ) and the situation was * even further exacerbated * . 
  even today , ten years after the good friday agreement , there are riots in northern ireland on an annual basis . 
  just think how bad it must have been before that agreement . 
  i 'm not defending the idea of exodus and segregation . 
  i 'm defending the government of the 1980s considering it . 
  as it stands would have been a tragic decisions to make , * which is why it was never made * . 
  but i 'm very happy they considered it because i believe all areas of a complex and dangerous issue ( like northern ireland ) should be explored before a decision is made . 
  edit : take a look at the [ wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#1970s ) . 
  first thing you 'll read for the 1970s section is how in 1972 alone 500 people in northern ireland lost their lives due to confrontations between loyalists and republics , and protestants and catholics . 
  yeah , like i say , i 'd sooner vote for almost any other party than ukip , especially in a european election . 
  come to think of it , i think the bnp do actually behave somewhat acceptable in the euro-parl , but do n't quote me on that . 
  basically the point is , if you 're the kind of person that does n't like ukip , then the bnp has all of the reasons you do n't like ukip but in even greater supply ( apart from behaving in the euro-parl ) . 
  i do n't get some of the euro-sceptic policies which the tories and ukip come up with . 
  i think it 's fair enough to want to separate from the eu , but tories and ukipers keep advocating for things which are impossible , like remaining in the common market whilst also stopping freedom of movement . 
  that violates one of the core principles of the common market . 
  it 's like trying to square the circle ( or having your cake and eating it too ) . 
  cameron 's gon na get told this is impossible and if farage gets elected and tries to take the uk down the `` we can be a member of the european free trade area but not the eu proper * like norway and iceland * '' then he 's going to be in for a nasty surprise when he founds out that meanings allowing all sorts of immigration which means his campaign promises are essentially impossible ( one of them is to leave the eu but stay in the efta and another is to stop all this immigration from the eu ), 
  they really are n't that crazy . 
  they 're at the fringe of what 's considered acceptable , but the bnp is at the fringe of what a political party can be . 
  the only way they could be worse is if they started actually calling themselves fascists and wearing swastikas . 
  ukip can be quite xenophobic , but they do n't actively wish harm upon foreigners . 
  they just see it as not their business to help them . 
  i 'm not sure where they stand on the relationship between being british and being white , however i know that ukip do n't want to deport any british citizens , where as the bnp would actually send them all on planes home back to where `` they came from '' . 
  additionally whilst godfrey bloom ( former ukip ) has called women sluts before and referred to africa as `` bongo bongo land '' bnp member andrew brons has said that a woman 's rightful place is in the kitchen , catering to her man . 
  i 'd pick ukip over the bnp * any day * . 
  i 'd rather not make that choice , but if i had to i would . 
  how come ? 
  same . 
  they 've fucked up well and truly in government , but they still represent my views better than labour at a european level ( they 're committed to the european project actively rather than labour being committed to it kind of tepidly ) . 
  they 've done badly , but i do n't have a lot of good other options . 
  people are n't downvoting you because you 're representing an opinion they do n't like . 
  plenty of people expressing the exact same opinion are right up there at the top . 
  they 're downvoting you for not expanding on it at all or expressing why you think it 's a good idea to for marine le penne, 
  well we ca n't tell you much because there 's obviously * a lot * of meps from those countries , but i can tell you that britain and the czech republic are possibly some of the most euro-sceptic and right wing countries we have in the eu ( the uk obviously leading in both those categories ) . 
  poland also has some fringe groups like that . 
  you do know there 's a tab bellow the question where you can get more information on the subject ? 
  there 's an explanation as well as a for-and-against segment . 
   in which case , it is getting closer to the mainstream of european opinion . 
  is there anything necessarily good about the main stream opinion ? 
  i 've always liked having microcosms where different opinions and theories can develop , even if they 're theories i do n't like . 
  why wont the eu being able to reign in the banks ? 
  i see no inherent reason why the eu would n't be able to , and even if it is n't able to than it can reign them in through it 's member states in the same way local council operate the local police services . 
  seriously , you need to provide me with some actual reasons and not just conjecture . 
  could 've , maybe possibly , just maybe but probably no . 
  greece has been doing horribly for the past five years , but never underestimate a situation 's ability to get even worse . 
  greece still has some of the best standards if living in the world , it 's just that those living standards used to be much higher . 
  yeah i 'm sad that the situation is like it is , but do n't think that because things are bad that some other option must be better . 
  there 's an expression `` stuck between a rock and a hard place '' and it was invented for situations like this . 
  you 've got options , but non of them are nice . 
  the one greece took is the better one . 
  if greece left the euro or the european project then it would look more like a middle eastern country right now instead of a european one . 
  there would be absolutely no confidence in the drachma . 
  nobody would lend to greece , its economy would be in * complete * * unsupported * freefall . 
  as it stands the eu is willing to lend to greece and greece still has an * extremely * stable currency which the drachma could never be ( greece is n't big enough to have a currency this stable ) . 
  those are two * very * good cards to be holding . 
  good lenders and a good currency . 
  yeah the price is hard , but if greece did n't take the hand it was offered then there would hardly a state at all . 
  greece still does and will have all the major aspects of a european country , if extremely slimmed down , but if greece left it would have almost non of the normal aspects of a european country . 
  and whilst my view is contrary to a lot of economic motivations , i think that most people see life as more than a game and more than a simple accumulation of power/wealth . 
  have you ever met anybody who is truly a committed nihilist ? 
  i 've certainly never met anybody who 's sole goal in life was to obtain earthly pleasures . 
  just look at me : i 'm an unholy , uneducated atheist youth who 's attentions should be focused exclusively on sex and playstation , yet i still like to think i live by a set of ethics . 
  that is to say , whilst economic understandings of human nature make sense in some contexts , they 're just as na\u00efve in my opinion as you think i 'm being . 
  humans need more than simple gratification . 
  they need to feel like they 're doing the right thing , and this is inherent to all of us . 
  even hitler thought he was doing the right thing . 
  it just so happened he was also an idiot . 
  no , i 'm implying that the post-9 / 11 taking of civil liberties in order to combat terrorism is an exception to the rule in that the central government taking more powers is usually good for citizens when tacitly consented to . 
  the us has a strong tradition of democracy and when the central government has taking powers it 's usually resulted in a positive outcome for the country ( the fbi is also a good example , as a response to organised crime of the 1920s ) . 
  2001 is a blip on that radar , which personally i think will be rectified in a few years time because surveillance like this serves little benefit . 
  however us citizens might disagree , and it 's fine if they do . 
  if they have all the facts in front of them and they deem it necessary , then it 's democracy in action and we should lassez faire . 
  i like to think politicians are really people with consciences who do n't * all * ( there 's exceptions to every rule ) go around cheating the system where ever it benefits them . 
  even if they were perverting the system to benefit themselves , there 's only so much money you can have before it stops being useful to you . 
  sure a speed boat is nice , but after you 've bought five , what 's the point in having another 5 ? 
  politicians of the right usually have a lot of money * before * they get into politics ( david cameron earned more working for a telecoms company then he does as pm . 
  george osborne is literally a member of the aristocracy , with a trust fund ) , but politics provides power they ca n't buy . 
  money only gets you so far , power gets you the rest of the way . 
  and if you 're going to go the rest of the way , why not get there with a clean conscience ? 
  i do n't really see what you 're talking about . 
  if the eu is taking powers than it is just becoming more and more nation-state like and will one day become a nation-state in itself , when ( if ) it obtains all the appropriate powers . 
  it 's not like if the eu suddenly consumed all its member states it would n't be a state in and of itself . 
  so if the eu exists as a nation-state ( which it will if it continues taking powers , which it wo n't necessarily ) then banks can go on existing because there 's still at least one nation state . 
  when was the last time you were actually asks very specifically what do on a certain issue ? 
  chances are it was quite a while ago , and if it was n't , then the time before that was a while ago . 
  what you will be asked is who do you want to make decisions for you . 
  we do n't live in direct democracies where the people make all the decisions . 
  we live in representative democracies , where we elect representatives to make decisions on our behalf .
