  but it would n't . 
  i literally do n't think there is an example of a trade deal where the uk would have gotten a better deal than the one the eu got . 
  even if there are instances where france and germany are favoured more than the uk this is weighed out by : a ) `` what goes around , comes around '' sometimes france and germany will disproportionately benefit from a trade deal , but so too , sometimes will the uk . 
  and those deals that benefit the uk more , will be many times better than a trade deal it could have negotiated by itself . 
  b ) even if one nation gets more out of a specific eu trade deal than another , we all are still benefiting more than we would otherwise . 
  france doing extra good does n't mean the uk has to do worse . 
  in fact , it means that we 're more likely to benefit because if france prospers , so do we due to trade relations . 
  the reasons it were rejected : a ) hatred for the liberal democrats . 
  the leader ( nick clegg ) was seen as the most likeable politician in britain before the election , largely because he personally seemed very honest and his party could occupy the sensible middle ground . 
  he was that rare thing , a politician people trusted . 
  then , he went into a formal coalition with the conservative party , which is sometimes pejoratively called the `` nasty party '' . 
  but the big thing was that the lib dems all personally pledged not to raise university tuition fees , and then raised them . 
  so the public was very angry with them , and the voting reform referendum followed very shortly after at the hight of people 's anger , and many people saw voting against voting reform as a way of punishing nick clegg and the lib dems . 
  b ) many people who support voting reform , really want proportional representation ( like we have in european union elections ) , but what we were offered was something called the alternative vote . 
  now , keep in mind that the lib dems support pr , but the conservatives hate any idea of electoral reform . 
  so the coalition compromise was av , which nobody wanted . 
  the idea circulated in the pro-pr camp that we should vote against av , because if we vote overwhelmingly in favour of av , it will be seen that we want this system specifically , and that will cut of the opportunity for change in the future . 
  and many people maintain this view , but many mainstream politicians take the view that it was not a vote against pr , but was a vote in favour of the current system ( and therefore a vote against all electoral reform generally ) . 
  c ) the election campaign followed very quickly after the election , with only the small parties supported av ( and not even all the small parties did ) which meant that the pro-av side ( essentially just the lib dems ) had no money to fight the referendum campaign , whilst the labour ( social democratic party ) and the conservative party had loads of money to spend on fear mongering . 
  there was all sorts of blatant misinformation flying around at the time , which even those who were spreading it have somewhat admitted afterwards that it was blatant misinformation . 
  add to that the fact nobody really knew about av before the coalition ( because it was a compromise made from thin air ) it made it very easy to spread misinformation on . 
  there was voter fraud though . 
  the uk typically does elections very effectively , although the system we use is awful ( fptp ) . 
  so these are the reasons why it failed . 
  the uk public is generally very much in favour of voting reform , especially in the direction of pr , but this referendum was lost for a whole variety of reasons, 
  a ) i doubt that a significant amount of time will be added by adding more parties to the negotiations . 
  i think that the opinions of the 9 non-euro eu countries have already been argued for by countries like germany and slovenia and finnland , and i think that the deal is already pretty accommodating to all parties . 
  so it wo n't extent the negotiations by much because the agreement is already essentially there b ) any extension of the amount of time needed to negotiate this will be balanced out by all the time we save by setting a useful precedent in future negotiations which could happen five , ten , twenty or thirty years from now . 
  we should set the precedent that all eu issues are dealt with by the entire eu , rather than just a certain subset of the eu . 
  c ) i would much rather that the economic burdens be shared fairly across the entire eu , than spare a couple of weeks . 
  the damage of a few weeks of extra negotiations ( which will not happen , see a ) ) would be more than counter balanced by the increased effectiveness of the larger amounts of funds available . 
  you 're thinking of internal eu negotiations . 
  when we 're negotiating with countries outside the eu , it is done with one voice , that is , the voice of the eu institutions like the european commission and european council . 
  and they can quite easily argue for a position which benefits all of us better , because that will essentially consist of them lowering trade barriers for us , but less the other way around . 
  for trade negotiations like that , it is a zero some game where things are objectively better for everybody if we negotiate all together . 
  no , but you can vote third party until they adopt voting reform as an issue . 
  currently in the uk , all of the small parties that make up about 40 % of the vote want voting reform , whilst the big two parties that got 37 % and 22 % - ish are against , but i 'm hopeful that soon one of the big two will switch to voting reform because it 's losing so much support to the third parties . 
  the uk very nearly changed the voting system in the 2010-5 government . 
  coalition between liberal democrats ( small party , wants voting reform ) and the conservatives ( big party , does n't want reform ) . 
  it got to the point where we had a referendum on the subject , but for * a whole range of issues * it was rejected . 
  so the uk , * the mother of all fptp systems * came within a hare 's breath of changing the system . 
  that 's hopeful , and it 's providing hoped for the future . 
  the reason we can not just trade with anybody is because there are certain standards which we expect in the uk , which we happen to share with our all our eu partners . 
  the eu harmonises the trading regulations across all the eu countries to create a common market . 
  other countries can harmonise their standards with ours , just as they could when the uk was a market all by itself , only now they negotiate with the eu instead of the uk , which is also much better because the eu can use its considerably larger economic weight to get an even more favourable deal that the uk would not have been able to achieve by itself . 
  of course it would help . 
  the nine non-euro eu countries have mostly been insulated from the crisis and are therefore relatively economically prosperous which puts them in an excellent position to provide support . 
  we need all of the prosperous economies of europe to unite behind the project , otherwise the prosperous and the non prosperous will both suffer even more, 
  i agree that all eu member states should have been included in the talks . 
  however , up till now it 's been expected that we would contribute no funds . 
  i think both of these things are wrong and that from the beginning all eu member states should be included in talks and should provide funds . 
  just because things were ( imho ) handled by too few people at the beginning , does not mean we should arbitrarily stick to that flawed way of operating all the way through . 
  now is the time for change . 
  all eu countries from now on should contributed funds and be included in the talks . 
  get some proportional representation then . 
  that 's why new parties can form in most european democracies so quickly . 
  unlike systems which use fptp , which just lead to two boring , stagnating parties for eternity . 
   i do not know why eu would want uk to participate because of greece becomes a failed state it will effect all of europe badly . 
  therefore , every eu member state has a duty to ensure that greece prospers , and that the eu economy ( of which we are all intricately intertwined ) prospers with it . 
  that 's why all 28 eu member states are now being expected to contribute funds , like they should have since the beginning of the crisis . 
  i do n't understand what everybody has against it . 
  why should only countries that use the euro pay for the saving of greece , when if greece leaves the euro it will screw over all of us ( because we 're all connected by the common market ) ? 
  additionally , this is n't a slight at the uk specifically . 
  * all * eu member states are expected to pay , because this is an eu wide issue . 
  it 's not a eurozone issue . 
  it 's an eu issue . 
  which is why the money should come from the european budget which is passed in the parliament every year . 
  edit : down vote based on quality , not opinion . 
  if you read the article , you see it 's not really an attack on britain the way the daily telegraph ( a eurosceptic newspaper ) is making it seem . 
   under a plan drawn up in the small hours of sunday night as leaders wrestled to save greece from economic collapse , mr juncker , the president of the european commission , wants to revive a mothballed bailout fund . 
  it will use the eu budget as collateral against 8.6 billion euros of short-term bridging loans to greece . 
  ( the budget consists of the membership dues that all member states provide every year so that the eu institutions can function . 
  it makes up approximately 1 % of each country 's gdp . 
  the national institutions of each member states is usually between 40 % and 60 % ) the idea is that all eu member states ( not just eurozone member states ) should provide assistance to another eu member state in need . 
  personally i 've always thought that it was silly that non-eurozone countries were providing almost no funds to other eu countries in need . 
  if the euro collapses , or a euro-zone economy collapses , then we 're all screwed , whether we use the euro or not , because we 're all tied together in the common market . 
  it should n't be up to just those eu economies which are most tightly integrated to suffer all of the burdens . 
  the money which france and germany and all the others have put in to help greece and ireland and co. has helped the entire european union , and the european continent more broadly . 
  why should something which helps everyone only be paid for by those at the centre ? 
  clairement  -- * klar  * -- * clearly  *, 
  i think we 've just happened upon across something very rare , which is a [ german-belgian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german-speaking_community_of_belgium ) . 
  how else do you get * hier * ( german : '' * here * '' . 
  french : '' * yesterday * '' ) mixed up ? 
  i do n't think his being in a wheelchair has any effect on german domestic politics either . 
  it 's just part of who he is . 
  he 's not un anyway defined by being in a wheelchair . 
  so it 's equally relevant to both german and european politics , insofar as it is completely irrelevant to both, 
   i am not against spending . 
  you 're certainly not in favour of it either . 
  sch\u00e4uble is limiting government spending * far more * than is reasonable and its really hurting those most in need . 
  not only that , his response to the greek crisis just fetishises fiscal responsibility to the expense of everything else . 
  at this stage , greece needs to be saved or the whole european project is in danger , along with the livelihoods of both the greek and german peoples . 
  but that 's okay for him , because it will allow him to get a balanced budget . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  a balanced budget is a means to an ends , but not an ends in itself . 
  i 'd say sch\u00e4uble is a pretty big european figure now . 
  he 's more well known throughout europe than many heads of government . 
  i 'd say that more europeans could tell you that the german finance minister is sch\u00e4uble than who the leader of romania , or ireland or portugal is . 
  either way , in europe today domestic politics and european politics are converging . 
  what the european commission and european parliament increasingly effects all the member states , and the senior politicians of the member states ( especially the finance ministers and prime ministers/chancellors/presidents ) increasingly have a job setting the agenda across all of europe .
