  doctors consulting on potential life altering medical procedures should have priority over other forms of internet use . 
  i 'm okay having slower buffering speeds from time to time of other people 's lives are being saved or radically improved as a result . 
  i think that we both agree on this and so does most everybody else reading this . 
  where we probably disagree is that whether a special exception for medical doctors ' emergency communications poses a risk for broader net neutrality . 
  so we both agree that a special exception for doctors ' emergency communications is okay in theory so long as the exceptions diner spread outwards in practice . 
  and i do n't think they will . 
  if you look at the letter the meps sent , then they say that companies paying money so that their products can have preferential treatment from internet service providers is totally banned under the provision amendment they 're going to vote for . 
  this basically makes mission creep impossible , because doctors , ect will not be paying for preferential treatment . 
  as far as i understand it , there 's a special exception written into the amendment which explicitly deals with emergency doctors communications etc. 
  as far as i understand it it 's virtually impossible for any judge ( and it will be judges that interpret this ) i interpret this law in a way which allows internet companies to pay for preferential treatment from service providers . 
  so the meps are saying that they approve of net netralty in principle and in practice , and therefore it is in no way a big `` fuck you '' . 
  it 's actually just a very sensible position . 
  you should n't take an absolute stance on anything . 
  there are always going to be times where small exceptions and compromises are needed , especially at the edges of pieces of legislation to deal with extreme and abnormal cases . 
  this is one of those cases . 
  it requires nuance and they have it, 
  what ? 
  how do you figure that ? 
  yes . 
  it 's just that net neutrality is a pretty important issue for europe , and also for all the users of this subreddit . 
  we 're not trying to push a particular side of this issue . 
  if anybody wants us to add links to a wider array of sources in the op then we 'll be happy to add them if you link us to them . 
  bearing in mind that , if you 're an economic migrant pretending to be a syrian refugee , it 's incredibly unlikely you 'll be able to afford a voice coach . 
  i mean , economic migrants are migrating for economic reasons , ergo , they are poor ( too poor for a language teacher ) . 
  there 's certainly an argument that we should honour our debts no-matter what , but personally i do n't buy into it . 
  if your citizens are suffering , then your first obligation is to them , not your creditors . 
  and if austerity is actually stopping you from being able to pay back your debt ( which it is , because cutting government spending slows economic growth , which reduces tax income for the government , and hinders their ability to repay debt ) then it is just not logical to repay that debt . 
  i think it 's a pretty big and illogical leap to say that `` non of them are willing to assimilate '' . 
  id say most of them are and so assimilate . 
  refugees in the past have done a remarkably good job of assimilating . 
  for instance on my own city of sheffield we took in many chilean refugees during the dictatorship of general pinochet . 
  not many people know of this because they 're so well integrated . 
  and if you go further back you can see the exodus of the belgians during wwi and wwii . 
  the uk ( along with many other countries ) took in hundreds of thousands of belgian refugees ( bearing in mind that this took up a much more substantial percentage of the population than it would do today due to population growth ) and yet on the uk there is almost no cultural impact of it whatsoever . 
  i do agree with you that * in principle * we should accept them in the first safe country they arrive in . 
  if they leave syria and ask for help , no matter where it is , then we should help them . 
  that means taking hundreds of thousands , if not more , from turkey , lebanon and jordan directly and having a refugee distribution scheme to spread the across europe more evenly in line with the member states ' ability to take them on . 
  the british electoral systems retardation played a role , yes , but te support for the liberal-social democratic alliance had also significantly been reduced . 
  in the time between their rise to prominence and the election , the falklands war had happened which hugely increased the personal popularity of margaret thatcher at the expense of all other parties . 
  perhaps if the falklands had n't have happened then the uk would look very different today, 
  you 're definitely correct in that we should approach this logically . 
  i think that all sides in this debate which is playing out throughout europe should listen to that . 
  i do n't have time to find sources no , but i will make a second comment when i do . 
  personally i would quierery whether it is actually more beneficial to help the refugees through financial and other aid whilst they remain in turkey , etc. 
  the turkish , etc authorities only have so many hard resources at their disposal that they can give . 
  we can give them all the money and food we like , but it 's not gon na increase the number of specialised workers capable of dealing with refugees in that country . 
  we also ca n't fly houses out to them in order to accommodate them . 
  tied into this is the fact that the authorities in those countries are actually mistreating the refugees severely . 
  for instance there was an excellent report by the bbc on their outside source segment a day or two ago which discussed how the food suppliers in one of the refugee camps was being allowed to gain a monopoly and extort the refugees , leading to malnutrition . 
  i 'm all for giving aid where possible to help them closer to source . 
  in fact i believe we should be doing more to stop the war entirely and enable the refugees to return home . 
  however i think there are practical limits on what aid can actually do . 
  for these reasons , we need to step on and house the refugees ourselves . 
  we have a population of 500,000,000 where as the countries directly bordering syria only have a population of about 100,000,000 . 
  yet those countries have taken in about 5,000,000 asylum seekers and we 've only taken in 1,000,000 . 
  we should do our fair share to help in this humanitarian crisis and i believe that this is the best way to do it in concert with other measures . 
  yeah , a similar thing happened in the uk during the 1980s . 
  the liberal-social democratic alliance was the highest polling party , ahead of the governing conservarive party and the opposition labour party . 
  but when the election came they got only a handful of seats and the margaret thatcher 's conservative party increased its majority . 
  huh , what do you mean ? 
  gosh , it 's ridiculous that environmental rules can be circumvented !, 
  a ) because it 's a way for people to shirk our responsibility to those fleeing war and persecution . 
  b ) just because they 've travelled through safe countries does n't disqualify them from being refugees . 
  many european countries actively encourage asylum seekers to push on further into europe and there were even reports of italian officials giving asylum seekers money to do so . 
  b ) because it treats asylum seekers as one homogeneous group , which they 're not . 
  because 1 ) about one million have arrived in europe since the crisis began iirc but there are 3 or 4 million in countries bordering syria . 
  just because some asylum seekers pass through safe countries does n't mean we should n't help the 75 % remaining who have n't . 
  2 ) it assumes that all asylum seekers are economic migrants , which is not true . 
  about half the asylum seekers in europe are economic migrants ( mostly from the balkans ) and the other half are legitimate claimants from syria and eritrea and afghanistan . 
  i think most of the police officers who were being prosecuted were just clutching at straws for * any * kind of defence at that point . 
  you 've got to remember , that this is the police force which is facing more scandals than any other , such as * [ the hillsborough disaster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hillsborough_disaster ) and * [ the battle of orgreave ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_orgreave ) here 's an [ article giving a more general overview of the whole of the south yorkshire police force ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/the-northerner/2014/oct/30/orgreave-hillsborough-rotherham-is-south-yorkshire-police-the-worst-public-organisation-in-the-country ) . 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  last time i checked , the uk and many other european countries had actually banned people who travel to syria from returning . 
  those are n't islamists . 
  they 're just rapists . 
  as bad as rape is , it 's a whole different ball game to violent terrorism . 
  an islamist is somebody who wants to commit violent jihad ( ' ~ struggle ~ ' ) . 
  a rapist is somebody who has sex with people without their consent . 
  and as somebody who lives in this area , i think that people do n't pay anywhere near enough attention to corruption and incompetence in this affair . 
  sure , they were overly politically correct , which is what * motivated * the councillors to attempt to cover up and hide the incident . 
  however , you 've got to be corrupt and morally bankrupt in the first place to think that stealing documents from your own offices to delay inquiries is a good idea . 
  just a shoutout for / r/europemeta , the official subreddit for meta discussion for / r/europe . 
  we 're much more likely to see your ideas and opinions on the subreddit if you post them there . 
  to be fair , / u/thecherry94 's comment is pretty low quality . 
  he 's not saying something insightful , interesting or even particularly relevant . 
  he 's just giving a pure emotional response which is a pretty bad recipe for starting a discussion . 
  i upvote people based on whether they 're providing new information or new analysis that i 've not seen before . 
  this goes for whether they 're pro or anti-refugee . 
  a ) most border countries like turkey and lebanon are already taking in millions of refugees b ) the authorities in these countries , ** and the authorities in greece , italy , etc , actively encourage asylum seekers to move through their countries because the problem is too big for them to solve by themselves ** . 
  this is an eu wide problem and it requires an eu wide solution . 
  thanks very much !, 
  ^_^ i should say that i encourage assistance with my german and it is known that i want such help . 
  additionally , it 's interest that `` i used to do something '' can be translated with `` ich etwas fr\u00fcher machte '' because this sentence is very particular and unique to the english language and is always difficult to translate into other languages such as german and french . 
  you always need to create inventive solutions . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  on some internet games i used to play i set my account to female , and i started getting creepy pms within a couple of matches . 
  people treat women on the internet so differently to men . 
  i do n't blame them for wanting to avoid the attention * ich kann nachempfinden . 
  yeah , the at this point greece 's debt has become unsustainable !, 
  [ euro english best english - guy verhofstadt for president ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p84tn0z4jqm ),
