  [ look at it . 
  ] ( http://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/36013594/450124128.0_standard_755.0.jpg ) [ look at it !, 
  ] ( http://images.politico.com/global/2013/09/05/g20_putin_ap_328.jpg ), 
  i 'm not saying that it is n't a distinct possibility that russia is undertaking [ military exercises ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_exercise ) which simulates an invasion of ukraine , but there are other distinct possibilities as well . 
  i 'm not saying ` oh is n't russia lovely and peaceful . ', 
  what i am saying is that we ca n't look at minor troop movement russia undertakes and scream ` warmongering ' and ` armed provocation . ', 
  i mean , if russia actually wanted to show its strength and be provocative , why would it do this ? 
  it 's not that impressive . 
  sometimes troop movements are just troop movements . 
  maybe they are something more , but let 's not jump to the worst possible conclusion . 
  the videos just prove that there are some russian tanks rolling around . 
  it does n't even seem that clear that they 're even doing training exercises , let alone breaching-a-border exercises . 
  but that would be a different message . 
  using soviet symbolism would imply russia was behind this and that russia is acting as imperial as the soviet union . 
  now , those are not unwarranted conclusions for a cartoonist to be making , but they are very different to putin * personally * crushing that plane . 
  you 'll notice how all of these cartoons vilify putin personally , and not russia . 
  it 's a subtle difference , but very important . 
  somehow [ this image ] ( http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/498325.jpg ) sums what this picture makes me feel . 
  no , it 's a sub where the majority of users think supporting an insurgency which has little to know popular support and results in hundreds of civilians who live in the country and who had no connection to the conflict but to travel near its airspace ( * takes deep breath * ) is wrong and even vile . 
  i think people in this sub have a lot of love for russian culture and harbour no hatred for russians in general . 
  i think that a lot of people on this sub think that the way the russian state is behaving in is unforgivable . 
  i do n't think that 's an outlandish opinion to hold , either . 
  it 's clear that there is a majority opinion on this sub regarding the way the russian state behave , but that is far , far indeed from hatred . 
  you 'll find no hatred here apart from at the fringes . 
  let 's not put words into each others mouths by calling each other hateful . 
  i 'm almost surprised by the lack of hatred i 've seen as tensions over ukraine and russia have risen . 
  it 's actually quite heartening . 
  are you drunk ? 
  also , with greece i can only see the girl 's right cheek and that 's about it . 
  i would n't say that they are antagonising or hateful . 
  they 're just somewhat funny and quite blunt representations of the situation . 
  a lot of the pictures do apportion blame , but apportioning blame is n't the same as apportioning hate . 
  there are some pictures ( e.g. 
  the hand squashing the plane ) which try to stir up an emotional connection with what 's happening and i think that 's also very useful . 
  i mean , i would see no problem with somebody saying that if one were to fuel a civil war which lead to the downing of a civilian aircraft , is that not tantamount to grabbing the plane out of the sky and crashing the lives of hundreds of innocent and uninvolved citizens yourself ? 
  that blood would be on your hands , after all . 
  the only difference is that some images can convey certain ideas much better than i ever could with words . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i think that the less words the better , but some things , like the separatist puppet thing are quite funny but need to be done with words . 
  also , when things appear in a newspaper they could be talking about a whole variety of obscure things which appeared and showing it in a really obscure way , which makes me wish they 'd at least give it a title . 
  it 's really easy to understand , for instance , the putin hand crushing a plane picture , but if you just see that in the opinion section of the newspaper you might think that the hand just represents war itself , or the separatists , or the kievians . 
  if they happened to have covered another story as well , which also featured a plane ( maybe a historical revelation about the korean one , or military planes in the mid east ) then it could further add to confusion . 
  the thing is , even if they 're not always accurate to the precise percentage point , they do n't need . 
  it would be nice if they were , but showing the broad trends is still hugely valuable . 
  and additionally , whilst they * could * be wrong by about 3 percentage points , a 1 percent increase in the polls almost certainly indicates an increase , even if in practice it * could * be just an error . 
  just because there is a chance for error does n't mean that that chance of error will always or even frequently occur . 
  so yeah , be sceptical of the polls , but do n't be so sceptical that you ignore them . 
  if you 're using a sundial to tell the time and somebody offers you an analog , mechanical clock , you would n't turn it away because it 's not accurate enough . 
  polls are well worth listening to . 
  the documentary seems quite nice . 
  i 've only been able to skim it , but from the bits and pieces it seems to do a good job of humanising a minority group which people so often like to describe as ` other ' and ` different ' . 
  hello , i 've removed three of your comments in this thread because they violated sub rules one and two , which relate to racism/xenophobia and being needlessly offensive/vulgar/insulting . 
  i know there are some very hot-button issues going on at the moment , especially relating to russia , but let 's not let it degenerate into slandering and defaming entire religious/ethnic groups or slanderous and petty name calling . 
  eh , the article 's alright . 
  the article is n't saying anything really new . 
  there were * a tonne * of articles which came out before the election saying , basically , that what has happened would happened ( leader of the largest euro party would become ec president ) . 
  the only thing the article touches on which has n't been much discussed is how this new legitimacy will effect eurosceptics . 
  but , i think that the article is claiming that this will change things more than it will . 
  eurosceptic populists just keep arguing the same thing by saying that it 's undemocratic and maybe touching know voter thrnout . 
  reasonable eurosceptics , like threaten tony benn , would probably start changing their tune , but unfortunately there are n't many of those . 
  also , for a lot of eurosceptics the issue is n't just democracy but about national sovereignty and that decisions should be made close to home and that the sanctity of the nations should be violated ect . 
  so it wo n't change much on that front and neither will it on the newspapers front x because all the papers knew how important it was but it ignored it anyway . 
  why would they change in 5 years ? 
  the article 's got very fanciful thinking . 
  it has some decent points , but it 's not that witty or insightful, 
  how do you feel about euroscepticism in czechia ? 
  do you feel it 's more/less eurosceptic than other countries ? 
  why do you think that is ? 
  apart from wolfsberg is for cars and toulouse for planes . 
  also , i think wolfsberg is a lot smaller and a lot more productive . 
  not in my back yard-ers would have been a problem when deciding to build and during the planning stage , but they 're not going to be able to cause any trouble after the flughafen is already built , like it is now . 
  agree that it does n't exactly look like europe will shatter into a million smaller pieces like a mirror any time soon , but i think the article does paint quite a clear picture of the support for separatist movements being on the rise generally . 
  it really seems as though separatism is on the rise , even if in all but two or three instances the levels of support are still negligible . 
  that 's the picture i see it painting , but it is missing something important which is the decline of other separatist movements . 
  does n't talk about that at all . 
  i do n't know if it 's not mentioning it because non have declined , but it deserves a mention because a judgement can be made, 
  you 're being a bit pedantic here . 
  in the various languages of spain you may refer to the language in question as ` castillano ' but as a matter of fact the name of that language * in english * is spanish and unless i am very much mistaken we are speaking english right now . 
  the only time a spanish language is referred to as * castilian * is when disguising it from latin american spanish . 
  otherwise , it 's just spanish . 
  yes , this is somewhat misleading , but it is the name which that language has in the english language and unfortunately we 're stuck it . 
  he has kind of got a point . 
  catalan is an official language in spain but not an official language of spain . 
  it 's like how welsh and cornish are definitely languages of the united kingdom which are allowed to prosper , but they 're regional and central government business and business not done in those regions is not done or even required to be available in those languages . 
  it 's not like belgium where all languages are theoretically equal . 
  in the uk and spain , there 's a definite hierarchy . 
  does that mean that spain should n't make more efforts to be inclusive to catalan speakers ? 
  of course not . 
  does that mean that spain should n't apply for catalan to be an official eu language ? 
  of course not . 
  spain should apply in the hopes that more of its population is more effectively allowed to participate and understand the political process at an eu level . 
  however , if spain had to choose one language , then spanish is the obvious language , because it is the official language rather than an official language . 
  burn . 
  did you hear that france ? 
  ** burn !, 
  ** ^ ( also , agincourt , 1415 , never forget ), 
  just use the soldiers and and police officers we already pay to stand around and not do very much . 
  and i 'll be fucked if we go to the private sector for security again . 
  not after the g4s scandal . 
  bunch of cunts .
