  i do n't see there as being many side effects of increasing ` animosity towards catalans ' additionally , i do n't even think that much animosity would be created . 
  if you look at the scottish referendum , it 's not really done much . 
  sure , they got a bit more devolution , but most britons do n't really feel any different about the scots than before they announced the referendum . 
  catalu\u00f1a controls almost all of the police force and almost all of the day-to-day government duties in catalu\u00f1a are carried out by the catalan government . 
  when they say `` we 're independent '' then they have all the power to say that that 's the case . 
  the only way spain could regain control is by sending in the army , and is spain * really * going to go to war against one of its own provinces , after because of a decision which has a full democratic mandate ? 
  i do n't think that anybody in spain could stomach the idea of spanish armed forces shooting and killing catalonians to assert madrid 's authority ( which is likely what it would come to ) . 
  i do n't think that the eu would put up with that either . 
  they 'd likely be excluded from the eu based on the same legal principle which junker threatened to use against hungary . 
  or perhaps based on non-adherence to the european declaration of human rights . 
  there 's a variety of legal means for the eu to punish spain , which would likely happen if there were any hostilities . 
  and that 's without even factoring in other international responses such as sanctions . 
  so , if catalu\u00f1a did declare independence , i really ca n't imagine that spain would be able to do anything about it . 
  could you tell me what those other main reasons are ? 
  i remind you , these are reasons against having a referendum , not reasons against independence . 
  the only half decent reason i 've ever heard for not having a referendum is that financiers will take money out of the economy because they fear political change , and that 's always seemed to be to be the biggest pile of bs ever . 
  if there 's an important issue , you should have a vote on it . 
  some things are more important than your gdp , and democracy is one of them . 
  yeah , if they were the size of france or italy then they would have gotten no bailout money whatsoever because the eu could n't afford to bailout the second or third largest economies in the eu . 
  it 's precisely because greece is a small economy that the eu can afford to help them at all . 
  yeah , portugal , greece and ireland were hurt by the crisis ( although ireland has recovered with eu help and portugal is showing signs of a recover ) but on the other hand netherlands , luxembourg , belgium , austria , finland , estonia and denmark all seem to have done okay . 
  sure , they all had recessions ( poland was the only eu country not to have a recession between 2008-15 ) but then again that was because this was a * world * financial crisis , not a european crisis . 
  everybody seems to forget that the flame which started this thing was the collapse of the american bank lemond brothers , and then the subsequent american sub-prime mortgages bust . 
  you 're technically correct ( the best kind of correct ) but there 's still something which would severely sour the deal for catalonia . 
  yes , catalu\u00f1ia could * continue * using the euro . 
  but * any country * at * any time * can randomly decide that they want to use the euro as their currency . 
  in fact , [ two countries have already adopted the euro unilaterally ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurozone#non-member_usage ) . 
  the problem with that , is that they would have no influence on how the currency is controlled , and they would have no direct access to that currency . 
   a currency is more than just deciding what bits of metal and paper you 're going to use to exchange your goods with . 
  you have to decide how much money to print , and this has a * huge * effect on the economy . 
  effectively , printing money determines the value of the currency ( if you print a lot of your currency , then it becomes worth less . 
  if you print less money , it becomes worth more ) . 
  this is an extremely powerful too which can be used to cure recessions . 
  for instance , if the general population has a lot of debt and then suddenly there is a recession ( meaning the general population has less money ) then causing inflation ( i.e. 
  decreasing the value of money , usually by printing more money ) can be a way to free the general population from their debt to a certain extent , allowing them to continue buying things which makes the economy grow . 
   additionally , the government which is issuing the currency usually has control over how the money which is printed is distributed within the economy . 
  this means that they can spend it on areas where it is especially helpful , usually either to so called `` welfare creators '' like banks and businesses who employ people and provide services which people buy , which was the case with quantitative easing , or by distributing it in poorer regions , to enable poor consumers to spend , creating demand and stimulating the economy . 
  if catalu\u00f1a unilaterally adopted the euro , then it would have no influence over inflation ( because it would not be represented on the european central bank , which is the organisation which controls inflation , and whose president mario draghi has been influential in the grisis ) and it would have no control over where the money is spent , because the ecb would only grant euros to those countries which ( again ) are represented within it . 
  the only way catalonia would be able to create wealth would be through exporting things to eurozone countries ( effectively buying euros , rather than printing them ) , which would be much more expensive . 
  so catalu\u00f1a would find it * very difficult * to manage its economy if it had no representation on the ecb , which is dependent on them being a member of the european union , and it 's unclear at this point if catalu\u00f1a would become a member of the eu directly after seceding . 
  the only people who could request the information were the governments of the 28 member states . 
  the uk refused to ask for the information ( despite many scots wanting them to ) . 
  it sort of is . 
  in scotland they had a specific referendum on the subject , with the backing of the london government and the edinburgh government . 
  but in catalu\u00f1a the spanish government based in madrid has n't allowed them to have one ( precisely because they fear it might wing ) . 
  so the people of catalu\u00f1a are n't having a referendum , but they are having a * plebiscite *  noun  the direct vote of all the members of an electorate [ all those eligible to vote ] on an important public question such as a change in the constitution . 
  * the administration will hold a plebiscite for the approval of constitutional reforms * . 
  regional elections were planned for catalu\u00f1a at this time anyway , and the parties have all taken up clear positions on whether they are for or against independence , and that if a pro-independence parties get a majority , that catalu\u00f1a could secede . 
  so if a majority of pro-independence candidates are elected , why should n't catalu\u00f1ia declare independence ? 
  just a reminder to try and be civil . 
  i know this is an important issue and you 've got a lot of great stuff to say , but calling people `` fucking twat '' and `` idiot '' do n't help your case . 
  it risks turning the an otherwise enlightening discussion into an aggressive swearing match . 
  just be mindful of that in future . 
  if you actually read the article , the reasoning for why it would apply to uk isps and their porn filters is quite convincing , especially when you take into account the fact that there 's no legislation in the uk which actually enshrines that the filters need to be there ( it was just a threat by david cameron that there would be legislation if they did n't implement filters ) . 
  actually a * majority * of us not only do n't want to leave , but actively want to stay in the eu , if you believe the most recent polling data, 
  there 's a lot of misconceptions about this filter . 
  the situation before our prime minister ( david cameron ) escalated the situation was that all internet service providers [ isps ] ( the people you pay to literally get access to the internet ) had filters available so that house holds with children , or public places which provide internet ( libraries , coffee shops , etc ) could block certain times of inappropriate content at source , if they wanted to . 
  phone companies had already had these filters on by default ( ergo : you ca n't use the 3g on your phone to look at porn , unless you specifically ask our phone company to allow it ) but house isps did n't put the filters on by default . 
  people buying services from the isps had to specifically tell the isp that they wanted to have the filter enabled . 
  all cameron did was make it so that isps selling internet to households would have the filter on by default , like it already was for phone companies . 
  the justification is just the good ol' `` protect children '' from obscene imagery that they should n't be exposed to at such a young age , etc. 
  -- the reason i 'm saying this is because a lot of people seem to think that you ca n't view porn in the uk anymore , which is completely and categorically false . 
  i personally do n't like the policy and i think that it should be opted out of by default , with families specifically opting in , but i also think that people are making this out to be something that it 's not and that we should remain grounded . 
  if we start creating an imaginary problem which we 're fighting against , then it 's going to get us nowhere . 
  so let 's remember what the thing actually is , and understand what it is , and argue against * that * , but not turn it into something much worse and then be confused when our arguments for why it 's bad are ignored for being unrelated to reality, 
  it 's infringing on the right of speech to those who are publicising the information . 
  if i write an article about how i totally think that cindy is a bitch , but nobody can see it because google blocked up ( because that fucking bitch cindy sent a take down request ) then my freedom of speech is being infringed . 
  sure nobody 's actually stopping me from speaking , but i am being deliberately drowned out and censured . 
  now whether it 's justified or not is an entirely different question . 
  i could be really posses at cindy because she broke up with me on my birthday when i was 14 , and be harbouring a grudge for the rest of my life . 
  in that instance , it 'd make sense that cindy 's life should n't be ruined by some mad ex boyfriend/girlfriend following her around slandering her at every possible opportunity . 
  so i 'd say that the right to be forgotten is an infringement on free speech but is also justified, 
  iirc the ruling by the european court says that all search providers need to comply with these information take down requests . 
  from what i understand , you can send a take down request to bing , yahoo , google and all other search engines and they have to comply ( unless the information is deemed to be in the public interest , which is a whole other complicated issue ) , but you have to send a take down request to each engine individually . 
  so most people will only go so far as doing it for the main search engines and then consider it done . 
  so it really depends how diligent the person who wanted it taken down was, 
  you call forgetting to add a dash * minor * ?!, 
  this is the height of vulgarity . 
  capital punishment should 've reinstated for such a heinous crime . 
  please do n't ever do this again in our subreddit . 
  if you knowingly submit an intentionally dubious link then there be a temporary ban . 
  oh i definitely believe that we could have pr . 
  everything looks like it will be there forever - until suddenly it 's not . 
  it 's like , in the very early 20th century people that that in the uk we would have the liberal party and the conservative party as our two major parties forever ( we 'd had just those two for about two hundred years at that point ) . 
  then , suddenly , in the 1930s the labour party sprouted up and the liberal party disappeared . 
  no one really saw it coming , simply because it had been like that for so long , but when you look back with retrospect , you can see that it was basically inevitable . 
  women 's votes is a similar story . 
  irish home rule is also similar . 
  devolution for scotland and wales was similar ( 1998 ) nobody predicted that these things would happen until right before they did . 
  the uk 's demonstrated that , when it really needs to , it can change suddenly and radically in order to preserve itself . 
  what 's more , because of devolution to london , scotland , wales and northern ireland , there 's actually already a lot of very proportional systems that the uk already uses . 
  for instance the scottish system is called a mixed-member systems where you have a nation-wide party list ( which is the most pr system you can get ) and a traditional consistency you vote as well . 
  so that you have 50 % nationwide members of scottish parliament and 50 % constituency msps . 
  the same system could very easily be adopted for uk parliamentary elections . 
  so i 'm very hopeful for change . 
  i think that the support is really there , and all we need to do is keep pushing and pushing and before long it 'll snap . 
  why would i need to use mod privileges when my arguments stand up so well on their own  additionally , i do n't think that we need , or even should have , representation in the european central bank . 
  the uk ( and other non-euro eu states ) should have representation on how euro crises effect them , but the ecb is not the right place for that . 
  the uk and non-euro eu states should have representation on the * political * direction of the eurozone , but not on the boring technocratic fine detail , which is best left to the ecb . 
  no meaningful change can be instituted in the ecb , but change can be instituted at eurozone summits , which is where we should have representation .
