  edit : reminder of the reddiquette : the downvote button is to promote discussion , not whether you agree . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what the problem is . 
  why should we try and reverse it ? 
  so long as they get a good education and essentially become good upstanding members of english society by the time they leave the school , then that 's pretty good in my honest opinion . 
  why would we want to stop that ? 
  edit : reminder of the reddiquette : the downvote button is to promote discussion , not whether you agree . 
  you can be english whilst being an ethnic minority . 
  last time i checked being english was about culture and not skin tone . 
   multiculturalism rarely works . 
  that 's an interesting statement . 
  could you expand on it some ? 
  edit : downvotes for asking a question ... 
  i 've already relisted the article . 
  if you had posted the source as soon as you had posted the submission , as per our rules , then we could have avoided any delisting at all . 
  okay-relisted . 
  it pays to properly source these things . 
  it 's too easy to just post any random youtube video and say that it 's of a particular thing , which it is n't necessarily . 
  yes the new quote you 've added fits better . 
  i agree . 
  the action you propose is what we should do , but we 've already been doing that and sofar it 's not been very effective . 
  hmm , this one seems to be saying that there were two protests on the same day from pro- and anti-immigration groups . 
  how do we know which this is filming ? 
  this just redirects me to the main page whenever i click on it . 
  i agree whole heartedly with that . 
  but what you have said is very different from what you quoted . 
  one could and one should . 
  if you impose your religious beliefs on others or harm others then you should be put in prison to correct that behaviour , or perhaps deported . 
  but you should not be punished for simply holding particular religious beliefs . 
  that is what i think is wrong . 
  that is what the passage you just quoted means . 
  i do n't think we should punish people for thought crime . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  your self-post makes an assertion which you did n't back up with a source , your post has been removed , however if you provided a source it will be relisted . 
  ( according to [ rule 2.1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) ) feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  your self-post makes an assertion which you did n't back up with a source , your post has been removed , however if you provided a source it will be relisted . 
  ( according to [ rule 2.1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) ) feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  i totally agree . 
  i think that it 's abhorrent that people are being allowed to operate their own equivalent legal system . 
  that 's completely unacceptable as far as i am concerned . 
  it must be stopped . 
  however , i think that it 's easy to look at what 's happening and say that the problem of islam ( and to a certain extent that 's true ) and therefore we should deport people or punish people for believing in islam . 
  i find that totally unacceptable as well . 
  we can not start introducing thought crime . 
  that would go too far . 
  that would not be a proportional response . 
  these are two extremes and we need to find the solution between them . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  just like you ca n't be christian if you get divorced : oh wait ... 
  i 've got to say this has been partly my experience too . 
  i 've known a few muslims in sheffield , uk who wore niqabs and everything . 
  they were mostly more right leaning than i was , and there were a few very extreme ones , but it was a mixed bag . 
  i think it depends which communities you hang out with . 
  if you hang out with people who go to a particularly radical mosque , then they 'll all probably be quite radical , but if they go to a moderate mosque , then they 'll mostly be moderate . 
  could you tell us a bit more about your background ? 
  i agree . 
  really interesting . 
  i 'm glad to see that we 're started to get actually well made and researched information on the topic , which does n't come from crazy far right sources which are using it to push an agenda . 
  once we 've got grounded , reliable information , we can start to come up with moderate and well thought through solutions . 
  this is the first step . 
  also , ## ** happy cake day !!!, 
  could you perhaps paraphrase why exactly you think what he said was good ? 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  your self-post makes an assertion which you did n't back up with a source , your post has been removed , however if you provided a source it will be relisted . 
  ( according to [ rule 2.1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) ) feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  i feel as though i need to share this comment about the video  it 's a speech an indoctrination tactic that i 've seen in churches . 
  it 's more of `` going with the crowd '' and the way the speaker asked the questions . 
  first , he builds them up with simple , easy stuff with a , frankly , retarded question : `` how many of you are normal muslims ? '', 
  everyone is like , `` oh , i 'm not a crazy person , and i follow islam . 
  yeah , sure . '', 
  if you look at the first row , the guys in the front are n't that enthusiastic about it . 
  but the people in the back who see all of the hands being raised ? 
  yeah , boom !, 
  put 'em up there . 
   the speaker then says , `` oh good everyone is a normal muslim here . '', 
  so now he 's stated , in case anyone was n't paying attention , that everyone in the room is a muslim and they just raised their hand . 
  now he 's established crowd control . 
  you do n't want to be the guy singled out as the nonbeliever or an abnormal muslim in the crowd , right ? 
  now the speaker asks a question that is a pretty black-and-white rule of islam : men and women sitting separate . 
  to secularists , that 's a dumb rule . 
  but this is something that 's been in muslim culture since the beginning , and at face value , it seems pretty harmless . 
  everyone has their own space , right ? 
  men get to hang out with men , women get to hang out with women . 
  `` sure , i 'm on board . 
  also , i 'm a normal muslim by the way . '', 
  the guys in the front row are feeling more confident because they 're going with the crowd now . 
   now the last question is the kicker because he does n't ask , `` hey , is it okay to stone gays ? '', 
  he words it in a way that if you disagree with the question , you 're a blasphemer and an infidel . 
  he asks , `` how many of you agree that the punishments described in the koran . 
  whether it is death . 
  if it is from allah and his messenger , it is the best punishment possible for all humankind and that is what we should apply in the world ? '',
