  i have no idea who 's applying yet or what their applications look like , so i could n't possibly comment . 
  why do n't you go and actually look at their application ? 
  they 're on reddit regularly . 
  they comment on / r/europe regularly and have done for a long time . 
  they care about the community . 
  they 're level heade , never trollish . 
  i do n't care what the political opinions of moderators are . 
  i will add people of basically any political opinion so long as they 're calm , dispassionate and capable of doing their job . 
  / u/hjongoldrake 's application had all of that and i can tell you that because , unlike yourself , i actually read the application and know what being a mod actually involves . 
  anyway , i 'm hoping we 'll had a large number so whatever qualms you personally have with them will be balanced out by all the others until the main change is that we have more man power and a greater ability to moderate effectively . 
  ratchet and clank , clearly . 
  the sly cooper franchise has nothing on ratchet and clank . 
  sneaking is fun and everything , but jumping around and smashing things with an array of creative weapons is the real way to relax . 
  i 'm currently playing ratchet and clank : a crank in time . 
  that 's why nigel said that he did n't want a romanian family to move in next to him !, 
  ( romania/bulgaria , all the same thing to good ol' nigel ) . 
  hmm , maybe we should set up some / r/europe gaming thingy . 
  i 've love to play call of duty or something with ( / against ) people on the subreddit . 
  ( i 've got a ps3 too , which i also stole from nigel ), 
  we did n't have the man power to update the threads . 
  i was doing it everyday for a while , then took a break ( brother came up from the south ; i think i 'm allowed some family time ) and there was n't enough man power to update the thread along with all the other responsibilities . 
  we were doing a disservice to the overwhelming majority of europeans , and / r/europe users , who want to discuss immigration . 
  yeah , the sub is shifting more rightwards , but so is europe itself . 
  the racist and white supremacists still make up the minority and they 've not actually made much progress . 
  the anti-refugee rhetoric is shockingly prevalent , which i find disgusting , but there 's really no moral reason why i should censor it . 
  racism spreads violence , being anti-refugee is just a shitty opinion , as much as it pains me to allow it to become so prevalent . 
  impartiality and integrity are essential . 
  we get accused of partiality ( amongst a range of other things ) but the nutjob crew already . 
  i dread to think of the outcry if we actually did do it . 
  i 'm currently working on a re-draft of the rules which should come out this week . 
  after that , i hope we 'll get a tonne of new moderators ( i hope you 'll be one of them ; you 're application was very good last time ) and we can at least enforce civility rules to ensure that debate is done rationally , without resorting to insults , etc. 
  that 's the least we can do . 
  we 're also trying to launch a new subreddit to cater to those who are displeased with the new prevalent opinions of / r/europe . 
  i do n't like , but there 's really nothing i can do . 
  i 'm open to ideas . 
   its a fact you made a megathread to hide stuff . 
  again , fascinating use of the word ` fact ' . 
  i really should borrow your dictionary . 
   then we got our french mod that thinks the best reaction to terrorism is to suppress it as much as possible . 
  yeah , sometimes he 's an idiot . 
  i 'll grant you that . 
  he 's also junior and so subordinate to the more experienced ( and more numerous ) moderators . 
   hen we got span12 that removes stuff depending on context ( aka if you are right wing and post from a right wing objective he is going to remove it but not left wing stuff ) he even wrote it himself . 
  you 're taking that wildly out of context . 
  brigading is the single worst thing on reddit and virtually the entire moderation community has been pressuring the admins to do more about brigading ( and they 've said they will , although they never seem to get around to it ) . 
  it 's known that brigaders target / r/europe from places like stormfront which is why we have to keep a look out . 
  comment history is just one of the many ways to identify brigaders , alts/multis and agenda pushers . 
   i also disagree with your `` not true '' since i saw threads that were about refugees/immigration but didnt get remove since it was positive news . 
  you saw them ? 
  well let me bow down to you with this mountain of evidence . 
  you saw it . 
  i should have known . 
  there 's no need for any actual proof , because you * saw it * . 
  -- i love the way i 'm just here , getting on with trying to make this a nice place for people to discuss european affairs every day and all the thanks i get is to be called accused of everything under the sun . 
  it 's not fucking worth it , and people like you are what make me contemplate quitting . 
  you know nothing of what i do , of who i am , and yet you feel so well informed that you can state the reasons behind all of my actions and attribute the word `` fact '' to it , as if that makes it any less conjecture . 
  well what do you want us to do about it ? 
  we tried megathreads and they just did n't work . 
  what the fuck are we supposed to do ? 
  there 's like 14 of us , and all we seem to do every day is get a pile of hate mail for every minor decision . 
  report the racism and we 'll remove it . 
  that 's the best we can do . 
   except you left up positive news about refugees but you moved all negative news to the megathread . 
  not true . 
   and the fact that you made a megathread to hide stuff regarding refugees/immigrants . 
  interesting use of the word `` fact '' . 
  also , interesting use of the word `` hide '' given that it was at the top of the sub constantly , in bright green , bold letters . 
  if you were to say `` limit '' then i 'd have to grant you that , but * `` hide '' * ? 
  no it was n't . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that mods have any interest in censoring other than conjecture . 
  good clarification . 
  it is just worth noting that if you make travel from point a to point b ridiculously difficult , then it quite often effectively is an infringement on your freedom to travel . 
  i mean , if i had to spend hours applying for travel documentation and then needed to spend ages at either end of my travel , when i leave and when i arrive , to go to somewhere just across a nearby border , then i 'd probably give up and go somewhere further away inside my own country . 
  a much better solution than abolishing schengen is to put more effort into a joint , and well funded , european border protection agency , which goes from spain , to greece to the nordics . 
  if it 's not bother showing your passport travelling between flights , why do n't we make it extra secure and make it so you have to show your passport when you travel from city to city , or why not when you walk from one part of town to another ? 
  non of the individual checks by themselves mean much , but the accumulation of checks is incredibly significant . 
  this is most notable if you live in a city which straddles a european border , like strasbourg . 
  you wouldeffectively have to show your passport if you want to travel from the east of strasbourg to the west if we did n't have schengen , but fortunately we do and the community is able to fit together perfectly , without molestation from government . 
  if you want to coalesce several news reports together then you 'll need to do a self post and list all the sources , or something . 
  if you 're linking directly to a single news report then you need to use the information that 's in their headline , or at least first paragraph . 
  that 's not what happened here . 
  i 'm sorry , but if we allowed editorialising like this at the fringes then quickly people would be posting submission titles which have almost nothing to do with the articles they 're linking to . 
  editorialising, 
  and if you 'd have read the article , then you 'd know that if their ethnicity is pertinent to the case , then the information will be released . 
  so if they 're trying to identify a criminal at large then they will publish it . 
  as soon as anybody sends us a mod message that they want a new type of flair . 
  there 's a link at the top of the side bar for flair requests . 
  we add them as they 're requested, 
  but when that euro us taken from someone at the top end of the earnings spectrum and given to someone at the bottom , then it will usually be spent and work it 's way back up to the top of society , creating wealth as it goes . 
  it 's pretty much an excepted theory at this point that wealth does n't trickle down ; it trickles up . 
  so you want to give money to the poorest in order to allow a continuous flow of money three the economy , rather than allowing it all to get caught up in bank accounts and stocks and shares and industries which support that rather than industries which actually effect most people 's standards of living . 
  seems like a really bad idea to have a national election in order to deal with internal party divisions . 
  it 'll just make syriza look confused during the campaign and cement the divisions . 
  it 's not gon na bring the party together . 
  what does he hope to achieve out of this ? 
  opposition ? 
   light years behind * german society, 
   sunnis and shiites embrace the very shit ideologies that created the shit state of the middle east . 
  that 's not really true ... that 's like saying moderate european christians support the same ideology that kony ( as in , kony 2012 ) is using to wage civil war in uganda . 
  or that people who support the french socialist party ( fran\u00e7ois hollande 's ) or the british labour party support the same ideology that created the ussr .
