  i ca n't really tell ... 
  they often start speaking romanian and i just stare blankly . 
  ^ ( btw , this is applicable to all nationalities . 
  it 's not racism if i 'm applying it to every one !, 
  :p it 's what humans do and romanians are definitely people . ), 
  even if all these accusations against you are * false * , we have no way of knowing if they are or are n't and on balance i 'd rather not have some one with allegations doing some thing i find so important . 
  these allegations could be completely false , but there 's also a reasonable chance they 're true . 
  the mere presence of these allegations is enough to make any one skeptical , skeptical to the point of thinking that adding you to * more * subreddits is a bad idea . 
  a good idea would be for you to stick to what you were previously doing until such a time as the allegations are disproven or they go long enough without resurgence that you earn a new reputation . 
  it seems kind of like a sarcastic jibe at the sub , but , what ever you say . 
  i 'm not sure the criticism of `` one of them has been imported from another subreddit ( or so is being said ) '' was directed at you . 
  i 've already had another mod message me thinking it was directed at him . 
  there seemed to be a consensus that at least one of the mods had been parachuted in from other places . 
  that is just itt though . 
  this paragraph was intended to explain europah 's views on the matter . 
  in the most recent post i fell into a trap of explaining them in first person terms . 
  personally i 'm very undecided on the issue as i 'm very ignorant on the issue . 
  i should have added more `` people seem to think that '' and `` if that 's true then '' remarks . 
  please do n't see my criticism or conveying of criticism as a personal attack . 
  it 's not . 
  i think the mods do a pretty good job and appear to have a reasonably light touch so far . 
  i understand that you do this out of your own free time and will for little or no personal gain . 
  i have experience being a mod for an internet community before so i have a lot of sympathy for all of you , however i also have experience of the potential dangers to internet communities which is why i am slightly skeptical , but still , i 'm undecided due to ignorance on this particular issue . 
  * well * , not all the new mods * are * members of the community . 
  one of them has been imported from another subreddit ( or so is being said ) and two are inactive , so i 'd be hard-pressed to call the members of the community but that 's semantic issue . 
  it 's like the criticism of the conservative ( uk ) party of the republican ( usa ) party ( and every major political party , but those too exceptionally ) . 
  those parties are seen to cherry pick members from only a very small sub set of society . 
  that sub set being privately educated , eton , oxford , harvard , yale , cambridge , those sorts of exclusive places . 
  and david cameron having most of his jobs got for him by his wealthy dad who paid for his education . 
  even cameron 's chancellor of the exchequer , george osborne , is a member of some sort of aristocracy who talked on national television on how to use trust funds to avoid paying tax . 
  basically , there 's like a sub group going on . 
  there 's certain members of the community which perhaps slightly independent and not valued by the rest . 
  these aspects may be present in the mod team . 
  the same criticism holds true for the conservatives and republicans . 
  they 're their own group who have their own interests which not a lot of their fellow countrymen ( and women ) share . 
  some do share it , but only a section . 
  is this helping at all ? 
  edit : [ found ( one of ) the video of osborn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qjbec3fpbi ), 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  by talk about i hope you mean have a discussion of which the community as a whole plays an important role . 
  there 's been several accusations of the mod hegemony throughout this post and a good way to counter that would to make an official or semi official post for the discussion of a policy on censorship and what should or should n't be censored under what circumstances ( if we agree censorship is a way to go at all ) . 
  you 've made a point in a different entry that mods technically own the subreddit , but that you see that a subreddit will fail if it goes against the interests of the community . 
  it would be nice to see something which puts the community slightly more in the driving seat . 
  it would be nice for the community to be slightly more included in setting policy and more generally well informed on how stuff works behind the scenes . 
  from this sub it looks slightly sinister as no one * knows * what your criteria is for deciding the knew mods and some were n't even nominated . 
  add onto that the accusations of the mod cliques and you can see why some of us are feeling a little uneasy about the future of this fine fine subreddit . 
  basically , i 'd like for the sense of `` well the subreddit really belongs to the mods . . '' attitude to be changed slightly . 
  technically a german citizen is an integral part of the sovereignty of germany . 
  the electorate is sovereign . 
  there 's a sense of ownership of one 's country . 
  it 'd be nice to encourage that here , if only very slightly . 
  apologises for the rambling-ness . 
  not an exceptionally easy set of things to explain . 
  i do n't think someone having 666 as an icon is even note worthy , but as the mod policy seems to be about creating and ensuring a nice community at least partially through censorship , the mods * should * be prepared to combat anti religious stuff as well . 
  the atheist/anti-religion bunch on reddit gets really grating to every one not opposed to the concept of religion . 
  i 'd like europe to remain insulated from it as much as possible . 
  how that 's done , i have no idea . 
  censorship sounds too far to me but seeing as we 're going down that route it should maybe be extended to christianity . 
  a majority of europeans identify as christians after all , so it makes sense for the european subreddit to be hospitable to a majority of europeans . 
  what europah is trying to say is that the mod team should be at least slightly more reflective of the population of / r/europe or that it should not be promoting a clique . 
  a possible interpretation of the way the mod team adds new mods ( this is the view europah is taking ) is that mods pick their friends rather than people who use this sub . 
  it seems that the mods here are rather faceless to us and are quite detached from the community . 
  it appears that they simply observe , if that , rather than partake in the community . 
  it 's observed that this is true of the new mods too . 
  i 've worded this specifically as to make it not state what i think , but merely the interpretation taken by a particular group . 
  i do n't want to comment on how much merit it has or how much i support it . 
  for all you know , i could be on either side . 
  are you being serious ? 
  the one most important thing about pe in britain is that should be got rid of . 
  it 's useless , a wast of time , a wast of money , does n't do what it is designed to do which is teach people how to be fit and also make them fit . 
  everything else about pe just serves to reinforce the points above . 
  oh , and i * did * quite enjoy pe when i went , but , that 's no reason to keep it . 
  just because i personally enjoyed it , does n't stop me from knowing that it 's a wast of time . 
  if they wanted me to have fun they could have given me a free period and/or a better class like programming to do in its place . 
   `` history of the euro : world 's second most ** important ** international currency , after the us dollar '' . 
  it 's very unclear how they 're defining important . 
  they might be using it in terms of how many transactions are done in it , or they might not . 
  there are a variety of ways to make euro rank highly as a currency and many more to make it look bad . 
  same is true of most currencies . 
  to me , measuring the `` importance '' of a currency is like debating the colour of the grass or sky . 
  90 % of the time , it 'll be a nice shade of blue/grey and there 'll be no determining which is a nicer shade due to every ones idea of the ideal being different . 
  obviously there 's the 10 % which is quite obviously crap like the currencies used in unstable african currencies which are n't using the euro or dollar . 
  i still think it 's stupid we fly our rockets into space from french guinea in south america instead of in europe . 
  it 's silly our scientists and engineers have to go to the other side of the world and away from their friends and family in another continent to do space related work for europe . 
  oh , and i think we should be finding better alternatives than rocket power such as [ skylon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon ), 
   i 'm aware that a journalism undergraduate course makes the top ten list for worse degree to get for finding a job any time in the next ten years . 
  fixed that for me . 
  i agree that old journalism is shrivelling ( though i do n't think it 's on a course for out right death ) and that new opportunities are opening up on the internet . 
  however that 's going to be a very different field than the one we have currently and thus getting a degree specifically designed for this field is a bad idea . 
  what is a better idea is getting an english degree with philosophy or history tacked on top . 
  that way you prove you can think and/or write as opposed to simply `` journalise '' . 
  not seriously . 
  people told me to do what i wanted to do . 
  journalism fills that category neatly . 
  oh and i 'm not `` studying journalism '' i 'm studying to become a journalist . 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  i 'm aware that a journalism undergraduate course makes the top ten list for worst degree to get for finding any time in the next ten years . 
  still , if we want to protect against russians or soviets , surely we should be keeping troops at the fringe of nato in europe in countries like poland , estonia , turkey rather than germany . 
  the chances of a russian invasions of europe is still pretty recidivous . 
  they 're economically dependent on the usa and europe as markets for their gas exports which would make invasion ludicrous .
