  it 's just confirmation bias . 
  the people who are annoyed by it , feel the need to say they are annoyed by it . 
  the majority are n't annoyed by it , and therefore say nothing . 
   though it sucks to see so many conspiracy theories and cries of censorship over it , think we should just focus on telling mods what we find relevant . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm fully prepared to engage in a discussion of moderation policy , but being called sub human , a disgrace to humanity , and all the other things which have been coming up in this thread because i made an executive decision as a moderator is just redundant and it 's the sort of thing which deters good people from moderating , and doing good things in general, 
  because african and asian migration has an effect on the continent of europe itself and the countries of europe . 
  a terrorist attack only effects a few individual europeans ( although it 's very sad ) . 
  i was demonstrating a flaw in his argument , that flaw being that he had no argument . 
  i understand what your point of view is . 
  you have explained it many times to me , but it does not become more convincing the more often you say it . 
  am i not in europe ? 
  it certainly looks like england out my window , what with all the rain and whatnot, 
  and you also got unbanned because , we agree , that was a bad reason to ban you . 
  it depends on the story in question . 
  if it 's a story about immigration of north african refugees and economic migrants , then it 's clearly relevant . 
  if it 's a story about a maghreb football team , then it does n't really belong in this subreddit . 
  the thing is , most news stories are not so black and white . 
  everything in the universe is connected to everything else . 
  the job of moderation is to find that arbitrary line which will preserve t be distinctiveness of this subreddit . 
  or perhaps we just have a difference of opinion . 
  i usually find resorting to an opposing point of view with nothing but a hollow insult is more of an indicator of stupidity than anything else . 
  with that point specifically : i explained to you that there are a europeans and that we 're one of the most tourism happy groups . 
  if a terrorist attack happened anywhere in the world it would be extremely likely that there would 've many european tourists there , because of our love of travel and high population . 
  it 's very sad that european citizens , or anybody , has died today , but it is not european anymore than another random terrorist attack would be . 
   what is and is not european is quiet clear , well clearly it 's not clear , otherwise we would n't . 
  be having this conversation . 
  i 've responded to each of these points already in the linked thread . 
  i would appreciate it if you actually read and respond to what i said , rather than taking random quotes out of context . 
  literally the next thing i said was  we 're just saying that ( and you can check the link for more in depth explanation ) this is not really a european story you can discuss it . 
  it 's just that this is n't the subreddit for it, 
  if you want more contest behind why it was removed , rather than just a singular , brief comment then i would suggest that you [ visit the original thread here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b6ns1/liveupdate_gunmen_have_attacked_tourist_hotels_in/csjcvjv ) . 
  you may disagree with the decision personally , but the moderation team needs to draw the line of what is and is not european . 
  on small subreddits it 's ok to leave this up to the general community , but on larger subreddits it becomes easily a question of `` clickability '' where the subreddit can entirely lose its distinctiveness . 
  we 're trying very hard to ensure that this is a place for discussion on european topics , with a reasonably high level of discussion , rather than just a slightly more broad version of / r/worldnews . 
  if you want to go to / r/worldnewa then that 's fine . 
  it serves a useful purpose , but this sub serves a different one . 
  we 're not stopping anybody from discussing this . 
  we 're just saying that ( and you can check the link for more in depth explanation ) this is not really a european story, 
  ~ ~ in response to your first three points : so is most everywhere else in the world . 
  europeans travel a lot . 
  there 's also a lot of europeans . 
  if we allowed stories based on them being big european tourist attractions this would just become / r/worldnews . ~ ~ ~ ~ fourth point : and america is just across the atlantic , but we still only allow american stories which actually have an effect on europe as a continent . ~ ~ ~ ~ four and a half : yes . 
  a lot of smugglers come from north africa . 
  does this story have anything to do with smuggling ? 
  no it does n't . 
  you ca n't use the fact that there is smuggling between africa and europe through the med as an excuse to cover all sorts of other north african news not related to people smuggling . ~ ~ ~ ~ five : are you talking about the muslim who shot up a museum in belgium ? 
  i 'm not sure exactly what threads you 're talking about . 
  i ca n't talk specifically because i do n't have an infinite memory of all moderation actions here . 
  if you thought that the submission in question should have been removed , then you should have reported it . 
  we moderate according to our rules before any thing else . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ that would mean that we would need to allow all submissions from all over the world because there are european citizens all over the world . 
  there are european citizens being effected by every military incident , but if you want to follow the news about them then there are other places for that , like / r/africa or / r/syriancivilwar . 
  we limit ourselves to things which happen in europe or have a large effect on the continent of europe . ~ ~, 
  edit : never mind . 
  not really . 
  you can still visit the threads if you have a direct link , but deleting the thread removes them entirely and they can no longer be visited even if you have t be link . 
  we do actually still get quite a few high level submissions about cultural topics every week . 
  there is still room for that , and it does still happen, 
  wrote a comment explaining how [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b27zj/germany_beware_putins_push_for_brexit_vladimir/csisdeq ), 
  no , but it would mean that the uk would decide independently if it participate in economic sanctions ( where as currently a qualified majority of eu member states have to agree ) . 
  the eu 's sole strength is its unity . 
  if russia can divide us , then it will be able to continue to trade with the uk whilst the rest of the eu continues sanctions , and therefore the effect will be redundant , as russia will be able to us the uk as a trojan horse to get its products into the eu . 
  this means that eu will have to either a ) sanction the uk as well or b ) give up on sanctions altogether . 
  it completely undermines the eu 's ability to operate as a geo-political bloc , and therefore it completely undermines the eu 's ability to protect itself from russia through economic and diplomatic means . 
  our only means of protect left would be military , and god knows we do n't want to rely on that ... what with all the nuclear weapons involved . 
  i hate to break it to you , but london has more french people in it than many large french cities ... 
  ehh . 
  the thing is , outside the eu is also where a lot of extremely skilled migrants come from . 
  we should obviously limit unskilled economic migration from outside the eu , but we 're already largely doing that . 
  if we tried to cut extra-eu migration even more , we 'd just be shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  source : http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21654658-business-appalled-plans-further-restrict-non-eu-skilled-immigration-turning-up-heat, 
  i think what / u/silverionmox meant was that there are as many reu citizens in the uk as there are uk citizens in the reu . 
  https://euobserver.com/social/123066  british figures indicate that just as many uk citizens live in the eu as vice-versa , despite popular perceptions . 
  this means , essentially , that however much the uk population in recent times has grown because of intra-eu migration , it is more than balanced out by the fact that uk citizens previously ( and currently ) have migrated to the reu . 
  for instance , if we left the eu ( for instance , following a referendum in 2016 , hypothetically speaking ) , many of these british citizens would be unable to obtain visa or citizenship and therefore be forced to return to the uk . 
  likewise , an equal number of reu migrants in the uk would also stay due to acquiring visas and citizenship , to balance out the uk citizens in reu who found ways to stay where they were . 
  so the effect on the uk population would be that in the long term it remains exactly the same . 
  ehh , i think you 're getting things mixed up . 
  schengen area : an area within europe where passport controls have been completely abolished . 
  the uk and ireland are not a part of this , but almost all other eu members , plus some non eu members , do participate . 
  however , all eu members have signed up to the `` free movement of labour '' chapter of the eu . 
  this means that all eu citizens ( citizens of a country that is an eu member ) can move freely to other eu countries to live and work . 
  if a french person , a german or a briton wants to move and work in france , germany or the uk , then they all have an unqualified right to do so . 
  the only difference is that a frank or a german can move to france/germany without having their passports checked , but if either wants to go to the uk , or a uk to france/germany , then they * will * have their passport checked . 
  there 's even a country which has not signed up to the free movement of labour principle , but has signed up to the schengen agreement ( it 's switzerland ) . 
  this means that people can * travel through * switzerland , but they are not allowed to * work * in switzerland . 
  the only * practical * implication this has , is that a ) schengen countries spend less on border security and b ) when people from outside of europe want to travel * inside * of europe , then they can get a travel visa for the * entirety of the schengen area * , but they will have to get a separate visa for the uk and so on for other non schengen countries . 
  but we do n't currently have a well automated enough society to deal with a declining and ageing population . 
  there 's no machine which can actually deal with elderly care at the moment . 
  so we need humans to do it , which means we need more humans in the labour market . 
  how come ? 
  contrary to popular belief , most immigrants do integrate into british society , even if there 's a few high profile cases where they do n't . 
  if you look at indian immigration from the 1950s i think it 's pretty clear that they 've mostly integrated into our own culture ( they can be found in all social classes , in all regions , with all kinds of jobs and with all sorts of friends ) , and have even enriched our own culture in certain areas ( indian cuisine , anybody ? ) . 
  even the polish from the early 2000s are largely invisible now , except for a couple of polish sausage shops here and there . 
  any idea on if this bill will pass or not ? 
  has / u/executivemonkey finally moved to europe ? 
  also , microwave lasagna . 
  that shit 's delicious * and * convenient !, 
  perfect for a lazy sunday recovering from ~ ~ intense drinking ~ ~ * experimenting with fine european beverages * the night before .
