  i 've currently got a list of questions going and all i need know is a bit of fine tuning and a sight to host the survey on, 
   and of course that does not mean we should not remain vigilant on what those power-crazed loonies may do next . 
  :d queen elizabeth ii of the united kingdom of great britain , ireland and europe . 
  it 's coming guys . 
  i 've been working all this time behind to truly put the great back into britain . 
  and moment of reckoning is almost upon us . 
  it 'll be out with greece and in with the former greek prince , prince philip and his wife , elizabeth ii . 
  way to straw man, 
  pretty much . 
  both the uk and spain have tried to assert central authority over the entire country , but have n't really been successful to the extent that france or even germany have been . 
  even italy , which is a very new country , is a lot more centralised than uk or spain in many ways , apart from the big north/south divide . 
  at least everybody in france and germany basically speak the same language , where as wales , cornwall , northern ireland , catalonia and the basque country all take their regionalism to a level not found in a lot of other western european countries, 
  oh you want sources ? 
  you 're holding me to a higher standard than / u/feroslav and his ilk , then ? 
  glad to see you recognise that the those who recognise that people who recognise that we have an obligation to help refugees are much more intellectually capable than those who would simply deny our common humanity with refugees and turn europe into a fortress . 
  you want sources ? 
  [ i provide many un and human rights watch sources here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33cv92/if_you_want_to_stop_migrants_crossing_the/cqjutt8 ), 
  they did n't leave them behind . 
  they simply could n't make the journey . 
  i just do n't fucking get how you can lack such basic empathy and compassion . 
  why should these people be forced to die , just because there are people who are in an * even worse * situation . 
  these people have , against * all the fucking odds * managed to make it to europe . 
  yeah , there 's people back where they came from in worse situations , but do you see western european governments going over there and saying `` hi , come with me !, 
  i 'll take you to a save place ! '' ? 
  no you fucking do n't . 
  and people die horrible , slow and excruciating deaths because of that . 
  why should we turn away the few people who actually manage to make it to safety ? 
  is it just because there 's people who have it even worse ? 
  i do n't bloody see you making any great effort to help them either . 
  why do n't we just let them all die . 
  it 's all okay so long as we can keep our nice , high standards of living . 
  i would n't want to save ten syrians from a tormented existence if it meant i had to give up having my lattes at starbucks . 
  where 's your sense of common humanity ? 
  oh you idiot . 
  a ) they 're not all young men , as / u/heaney555 has pointed out and b ) the reason they 're * disproporitonately * young and male is because those who are old ( and to a lesser extent those who are female ) are unable to make the trip . 
  those refugees who make it to europe are frequently the refugees who come from more prosperous backgrounds , because only those from more prosperous backgrounds have the resources to make the trip . 
  that said : they 're still fucking refugees . 
  just because you 're young , male and have a bit of money does not mean that your life * is n't * in danger . 
  the people who died in the break up of yugoslavia in the 1990s and even in the iraq and syria today are disproportionately male because isis and the iraqi and syrian governments will either force them to enlist or kill them on sight for fear that they 're enemy combatants . 
  and if you 're wealthy ( by refugee standards , which means horrifically poor , but still less poor than others ) then you likely have more to fear because all of these three monopolistic powers will try and track you down and kill you so that they can claim whatever assets you have . 
  but the uk conservatives are n't socially progressive . 
  they 're fiscally conservative and socially conservative . 
  it 's just that they 're less socially conservative than they were in the 1980s , when they outright banned teaching about homosexuality in schools , instituted some of the harshest anti-protest legislation in all of europe and inflicted regressive economic reforms all over the place , such as the poll tax , increases in vat taxes and cutting of government services ( despite little or no fiscal necessity to do so ) . 
  uk conservatives today are somewhat more progressive than this which i have outlined above , but not by much . 
  let 's not forget that a majority of conservative mps voted against the equal marriage act ( where overwhelming majorities of snp , lib dem , green and labour mps voted in favour ) , or that both this government and the last government are continuing their policies of regressive taxation by overwhelmingly relying on vat taxes instead of progressive forms of taxation like income tax . 
  let 's also not forget that the forms of government spending they 're targeting disproportionately fall on the poor ( such as cutting the help to work schemes for the disabled ) whilst largely helping the better off , for instance by raising the inheritance tax threshold so those from wealth families can pass on their wealth and give less ( if any ) money to the government to help lessen the cuts which are falling on the poor . 
  let 's not forget that all tax credits are being abolished , which excessively effects those on the lowest incomes . 
  let 's not forget that they 're going to scrap the human rights act ( i challenge you to name something less progressive and more authoritarian than attacking human rights ) . 
  i could go on and on and on , but i think i 've got my message across . 
  the conservative party is not progressive . 
  cameron may call his branch of conservatism ` progressive conservatism ' but calling a leopard a tiger does n't make it one . 
  this conservative party is hardly more progressive than the one from the 1980s . 
  people who wanted a socially progressive and physically conservative government should have voted lib dem . 
  but instead they voted for a party which is fiscally conservative and socially conservative . 
  the conservatives got 36.9 % ukip got 12.6 % together that makes 49.5 % * which is within a rounding error of a majority * and if you include the fact the conservatives do n't contest seats in northern ireland , but the conservative aligned democratic unionist party * does * then you can add in an extra 00.6 % which pushes the total to 50.1 % which * is * a majority . 
  so , yeah , the conservatives got nowhere near getting a majority themselves , but the country is definitely majority tory sympathetic , because a majority of people voted for tory aligned party . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015#results ), 
  people who hold minority opinions tend to go to the internet more to vent . 
  so you end up with a lot of british lefties , despite the fact that the conservatives and ukip got a majority of the votes , and you get a lot of swedish righties , despite the fact that sweden has a pretty left wing political culture . 
  but there 's political , and then there 's political . 
  it 's like , it 's one thing for it to be a subject that we sit down and have a mature discussion about , and another for somebody to suddenly declare `` look !, 
  tories like human rights !, 
  i bet le evil sjws cant handle this ! '', 
  it 's taking politicisation to the extreme where it only serves to cause harm . 
  by saying that one could piece of legislation does n't excuse the mountain of horrific legislation they 've passed and that they 're planning to pass . 
  if the uk wanted a government which would stand up for individual rights and introduce progressive legislation , then they absolutely should not have voted conservative . 
  if you like that they 're doing this , and you like the budget that they just announced last week , then you should have voted labour or lib dem or green , because they would have implemented all of these progressive policies , plus a whole range of others and hardly any of the ridiculous authoritarian stuff like repealing the human rights act , instituting auto-op in porn filters , furthering mass surveillance and trying to ban encryption . 
  and yet it 's good enough for you to still be here ... 
  and then burn them ? 
  every period of european history ever , bar the post 1945 bit ? 
  not sure if cutting your ear off counts as terrible, 
  yeah , but i 've seen meps speaking irish and being interpreted . 
  i 'm sure it happened at least twice in the big session with junker , tsipras and tusk . 
  grey haired parent , surely ? 
  also , as a brit , i include the uk in northern europe first , and then western europe second . 
  but if i 'm dividing europe up by cultural regions , instead of geographic ones , then i put the uk and ireland together as the british isles . 
  i put the three baltic states the baltics , spain and portugal as iberia . 
  there 's also scandinavia , the nordic countries ( which includes both scandinavia , the baltics and iceland ) , the balkans . 
  then there 's the alpine region , and the benelux . 
  i find dividing europe up like this is much more useful than somewhere east/west/north / east thing . 
  texans ca n't secede either . 
  that 's a myth . 
  if you read the the texas constitution ( every us state has their own mini constitution ) you 'll find no reference to being able to secede . 
  however , there is this weird clause which allows them to divide themselves , so that they 'd create five new states instead of one big one . 
  just for the sake of clarity  if i had to quote but a couple of them i 'd say the dubious constitutionality of a referendum and the subsequent potential weakening of the constitution as a solid reference for all matters territorial , and then the fear of contagion to other regions , along with the entrenched animosity towards catalans in general that can be found in right-wing national parties are more likely to be the main reasons behind the opposition to it which can be summarised as * respect for the constitution this is the strongest reason you 've given imho , but it 's still a bad reason . 
  if your constitution does not allow for a referendum , then it 's a pretty awful constitution imho . 
  what sort of constitution * does n't * allow for self-determination ? 
  i 'd say that the constitution being bad would be a more serious threat to the longevity of the constitution . 
  additionally , a constitution should * serve * the people . 
  you should n't respect the constitution for its own sake . 
  it 's not an ends in itself . 
  it is a means to ends , not an ends in itself . 
  * fear of contagion i do n't see anything wrong with contagion . 
  if multiple regions of spain want to secede , why not let them ? 
  that 's self-determination . 
  this is just an exaggerated version of the `` fear it might win '' reason i mentioned earlier . 
  * increasing animosity towards catalans again , this is not a reason not to have a referendum . 
  if something is the right thing to do , then you should do it anyway . 
  distrust between various demographics occurs a little bit in any democracy ( heck , it even happens in most non-democracies ) . 
  but i like to think that most of us are compassionate and sensible enough to not let that effect the way we deal with individuals .
