  they 're just not the same things . 
  i 'm not exactly sure which ideologies you 're blaming for creating `` the shit state of the middle east '' but i think it 's fair to say that a ) the forms of shi'itism and sunnism practiced by ordinary citizens is probably very different to the forms practiced by the royal family of saudi arabia or the leader of iran and b ) many of the forms of islam which have created `` the middle east '' as we know it today are n't shi'itism or sunnism , but wahhabism . 
  this is the creed practiced by daesh ( also known as islamic state or isis ) , and is similar to protestantism in christianity when it first formed in that it is a fundamentalist ideology , which tries to read the q'oran literally ( just like those who read the bible literally will find that it endorses the stoning of children , which most christians do not support ) . 
  the fundamental message that i 'm trying to get across here is that i think you 've got to separate the extremists , who are willing to fight for their ideology , from the ordinary people who simply want to get on with their lives . 
  most people just want to live . 
  the terrorists are extremists even within their own cultures . 
  i think that we should be compassionate enough to distinguish between these very different peoples and certainly protects those who are moderate , which is most of them . 
  there will always be extremists who do bad things , but we should not tar them all with the same brush simply because some people amongst them are crazy . 
  i think the point is more that even those who identify as christian are not strong on their beliefs and largely do not let the religion effect their daily lives . 
  i know that in the uk most people who put down their religion as church of england just do it because they 've got nothing better to put , and the last time they went to church somebody splashed water on their head . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not defending it . 
  it 's just that we should put these things into perspective . 
  i mean , the porn filter is hardly on the same level as to having copy right on buildings and even that is not on the same level as spain 's gag-law . 
  perspective is everything . 
  yeah and i bet you think the moon landings were real too !, 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  obligatory : / s, 
  which get ridiculously over blown . 
  the filters have always been there and you can turn them off simply by calling up your internet service provider . 
  the only difference is that the filters are automatically opted into instead of automatically opted out of . 
  it 's not like there 's a ban on porn in the uk ( which is what most people seem to think ) . 
  i love the way this city sounds . 
  it 's always so jolly . 
  it 's like the opposite of hull, 
  i live in sheffield and its lovely . 
  we call it the world 's largest village . 
  birmingham is ugly in my opinion though . 
  sheffield represent !, 
  take that , leeds !, 
  it 's not a conspiracy if it 's true !, 
  edit / s, 
  i 'm a b2 speaker with an equivalent qualification ( a grade at a-level ) which classifies me as upper intermediate . 
  i 've also worked as an intern in a political office in bochum . 
  and you 're fully in your right to do that , just avoid words like verarschen und verlogener schei\u00df . 
  apart from that it was a good comment . 
  please keep it civil . 
  calling people idiots serves no purpose . 
  i 've really got no idea what to do about todosravia . 
  it does n't appear to be hurting anybody to let them post about it , and it is a repository for some balkan news , which is nice ? 
  please try and be dispassionate and avoid insults . 
  they do n't help your cause and just make this a more hostile place , even if you say them on german ( and yes . 
  i know exactly what you just said ) . 
  to be fair , it 's unlikely they 'll be able to find one due to mods removing them . 
  in my personal experience most blatant racism is down voted , but occasionally stuff regarding the roma is upvoted as is more subtle forms of racism . 
  there 's two suggestions going on in the mod back room which we pivot between wanting to implement and then completely losing interesting in either . 
  * either have a thread every two weeks for all things mod related . 
  it can basically be an ama , or kind of like a version of prime minister 's questions in the uk :p * a separate subreddit for constant meta discussion of / r/europe no idea if either of these are good ideas, 
  see / u/gschizas comment, 
   unless you are going to unban every single person that you banned because of that rule ? 
  that 's basically the plan . 
  no point keeping them banned . 
  if you read some of our other replies in this thread you can see that the cultural relativism section of the racism rule has been dropped . 
  we 've already got a draft change ready . 
  just need to perfect it and go through the motions, 
  please do more of this . 
  i 've actively upvoted posts i disagree with in the past because they were interesting . 
  each person who does this makes the subreddit just ever so slightly a better place . 
  criticism of religion is mostly fine . 
  if it 's something super extreme like `` let 's kill all sikhs '' or anything with a tinge of violence in it then i do n't think we 'd allow it . 
  violence is basically the definitive limit . 
  as far as i 'm concerned religion is just like any other political creed . 
  [ we can take more freedom than anybody else ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m2mn0hb.jpg ), 
  basically yeah . 
  the megathread was n't being updated because we were getting hundreds of stories per thread posted to it which would take hours of work to properly curate * per day * . 
  it worked for a couple of days but when your mod team consists of ten odd people , there 's just not gon na be the man power to spend a couple of hours every day on a very arduous task like that . 
  so the lack of man power leads puts pressure on everything which leads to poor management . 
   with these new rules it could , at some point , be fruitful to have a discussion about that specifically , where the mods could clarify what it is that they specifically want reported . 
  just thought i 'd say , if you suspect that something breaks a rule , do n't sit on the fence thinking ` should i report it ? 
  should n't i report it ? ', 
  just report it . 
  it flags it up for moderator attention and we 'll consult the rule book and make sure everything is done properly . 
  i 'd rather have loads of reports , even if a lot of them are wrong , then allow things which should be removed to slip through the net because nobody reported them . 
  i 'd say that bringing race ( e.g. 
  black , white , inuit , roma , etc ) into it at all is not okay . 
  you can talk about culture just fine , like `` i do n't believe europe should accept people of x culture '' is okay or something like that , but you ca n't say `` black people should be sent to prison '' or `` white people deserve better than other races '' . 
  yeah , even i have to acknowledge that , however much i thought megathreads were necessary in principle , they were n't working in practice . 
  they did some good , but now is the time for finding other solutions . 
  i ca n't say for certain , but i see no reason why we would n't implement a flair filter . 
  it does depend on the immigration threads work now that they 're going back to the main subreddit area . 
  i 'm thinking of going on a last minute holiday to somewhere in spain . 
  i want to actually be around spanish people and not just other british ( or german , etc ) holiday makers . 
  where are goods places ? 
  what attractions should i visit ? 
  edit : a word, 
  even i think this is bad . 
  csn confirm ; live in sheffield ( in `` the north '' ) and there 's a busker who plays bagpipes every so often . 
  there also a man with learning difficulties w ho wears a shiny christmas cowboy hat and shouts with a tambourine . 
  not saying there 's anything in common with the two but ... 
  for glasgow , most of the crime is n't overt . 
  it 's underworld stuff like heroin sales which do n't effect the overwhelming majority of residents , in comparison to things like burglaries or violent crime . 
  more power rather than more budget . 
  police budgets have been radically cut to the point that even routine policing is n't getting done . 
  recently it was announced that police officers would no longer come to check up after a burglary . 
  however , i was watching the select committee questioning of the assistant chief of the metropolitan police force and he did n't even bother arguing for more funds but did recommend having greater legislative powers ( especially on the internet ) . 
  do n't have to have visited it to know it 's the crime capital of western europe . 
  yes it 's delisted . 
  not by me . 
  do n't know the reason . 
  i just got my university results so am somewhat pre-occupied .
