  why not criticise the concept and the idea rather than the motive . 
  what does the motive have to do with it apart from be a criticism which nobody can either prove or disprove . 
  it 's like saying `` you see that man over their giving to charity , he 's only giving to charity because his wife told him he 's get special hanky panky time if he did '' . 
  so what ? 
  he 's still giving to charity . 
  it 's still good for the whole of society . 
  this is n't different . 
  a ) your accusations are completely unprovable b ) even if they were proved true ( which they ca n't be ) what does it matter ? 
  you failed to explain why it was a bad idea and so argued about other things which have no relevance, 
  only if banks leaving causes other businesses to move in , and there 's no reason that would happen . 
  if an individual or business leaves the uk , then it 's gone . 
  whether he/she/it was taxed highly or not , it 's still lost revenue . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the problem is not that bankers get paid a lot . 
  i think bankers are entitled to get paid as much as their employer deems appropriate . 
  however i think the merits that they are paid for are bad . 
  they should be given a base salary for doing their job . 
  having this excessive bonus system encourages bankers to take excessive risks . 
  that is what i do not like . 
  i would like for incentives for bankers to take such risks to be stopped . 
  they will be stopped if the bonus system is reduced . 
  it seems like a pretty solid idea from my perspective . 
  i agree that the government should address the issues , but if you 're going to criticise the eu for attempting to appease the feckless masses then you ought to use less emotional language such as `` bankers bonuses misses the real problems , which governments ought to address , rather than putting on a political show for the common folks '' . 
  it 's just this criticism of `` they should focus on the * real * issues '' which bothers . 
  they are focusing on the real issues . 
  if this is not a real issue , then i invite you to tell me what the * real * issues are . 
  let 's address this problem from a different angle . 
  let 's assume that they 're not just putting on a show . 
  we should base our decision on an analysis of the facts and not on presumptions about what the real motives are . 
  if a piece of populist policy works , then who cares if it 's populist ? 
  i do like what you said about the wall street crash . 
  there were many factors at play . 
  bull pools are what i emphasise as the main problem , but i 'd be lying if i said the 5 % of americans who had begun traded stocks were not also a cause of the problem . 
  it 's a question of emphasis . 
  they both helped , but i do n't think that one would have happened without another . 
  if the non-economically literate masses had avoided dabbling in stocks then the head bankers of the time would have had nobody to fool with their bull pool . 
  and if the masses had n't had those bull poolers deceiving them , then there probably would never have been a crash because the markets would never have been distorted to the extent they were . 
  however i think that the entire problem could have been avoided if the federal reserve board had actually intervened and taken proper action which if consistently failed to do . 
  but now we 're getting side lined . 
  your point about fannie mae and freddie mac . 
  you 're right that they are government sponsored , but i ask you what difference that makes ? 
  they act like normal enterprises . 
  they have the same problems of executive pay just like any other privately funded organisation . 
  anyway , we 're really got lost in in the detail in here and you 're trying to trip me up with it and i think i 've proven my case . 
  i have solidly backed up everything i 've stated and so far no one has offered an criticism which would prove that we would be better off without this legislation . 
  you 've said that other things are more important . 
  yeah , other things are always more important . 
  but this is important too . 
  can you prove that it does n't work ? 
  no , but neither can i. 
  can you prove that it would cause any meaningful negative effects ? 
  that i wonder . 
  the government has the right , it has the authority , there is little to lose and there is much to gain . 
  those are the arguments . 
  the city of london is the largest financial centre in europe , so the uk definitely has a much larger banking sector than the rest of europe . 
  additionally , the uk is largely insulated from the rest of europe 's problems due to not being a member of the eurozone . 
  it depends how you determine what is in british interests . 
  the uk probably has less interest in this than the rest of europe , but that does n't necessarily mean it is not to the benefit of the uk . 
  it might mean that banks leave the uk and the uk gets less tax money from them as a result which * could * overall mean it is a negative . 
  however even if they do leave it might overall still be a positive because it makes future economic crashes less likely . 
  or so the argument goes . 
  it works in theory , but the evidence is thin at the moment which is the main problem . 
  and then banks might still not leave because a lot of the reasons they located to the uk in the first place remain the same and even in the case that is not true , would the benefit of moving outweigh the costs * and the costs * of having to build new headquarters ? 
  who knows ? 
  because banks are for profit companies and the only thing important to them are profits and losses . 
  this means that although the bank only loses a small amount of its capital when things go bad , it can have huge , overwhelming negatives for the whole of society . 
  an economy is there ultimately to enrich the lives of the people who participate in it . 
  it rightfully encourages people to innovate and be successful however it also encourages them to be dishonest , to work for their own self interest * at the expense of others * . 
  when individuals and companies do this the government ( not necessarily eu government , but a government ) has the authority to interfere in the practices of individuals and companies to ensure that negative practices ( such as bull pools , misreporting statistics , insider trading and , yes , taking excessive risk which can lead to economy collapse as seen in the 1930s and 2008 ) are halted . 
  so i think the government does have the authority to interfere in the practices of banks and thus has the authority to cap bankers bonuses . 
  whether it is effective or not is , for me , the real question . 
  and i do not have an answer . 
  however , the question of whether a government can interfere to me is simple . 
  the answer is yes . 
  edit : `` allow '' to `` although '' . 
  personally my interpretation of why the government has the right to meddle in the affairs of how banks are run is because their effects on the world can be extremely detrimental to society and the world as a whole . 
  bad banking practice was the cause of the wall street crash ( bull pools being a chief example ) and of the 2008 crash ( subprime mortgages ) . 
  yeah this argument could be expanded to mean that the government could regulate the economy much much more and people might then call it a slippery slope argument which leads to overwhelming government control and scorn by millions of neo-liberals . 
  however i advocate government intervention in the economy to ensure that the economy is run for the benefit of everyone . 
  by that i mean it is left to its own devices to innovate where ever possible , but when a practice takes place which is has a mostly negative impact ( false-advertising , bad banking practice , unclean food products , monopolies ) then the government should interfere . 
  i do n't think the number of transactions are important , i think it 's the kind of transactions which are the problem . 
  the high bonuses encourage the bankers to take risks because if they pay off then they get huge bonuses and if they fail then they get no bonus but they still have their underlying pay to fall back on . 
  this among many other reasons . 
  edit : fixed the second sentence to make it more readable and less mistake filled, 
  did you know that sheffield now produces more steel in terms of volume than it ever did pre 1900s ? 
  however it employs significantly less people and also focuses on quality rather than quantity which is why people think sheffield does less steel that it used to . 
  personally i 'm quite in favour of this cap on bankers pay because i think the bonus culture does lead to excessive risk taking which leads to ( eventually ) much worse economic crashes . 
  however , i have two concerns . 
  one is that banks might just move their operation outside the eu and continue with their bad banking policy which will still effect us , even though they 're outside the eu . 
  and secondly , it has n't been proven to be successful . 
  i think it will help curve the excessive risk taking , but i have no academically acclaimed study to back me up . 
  sheffield represent !, 
  24th most rainy city in europe . 
  today , we proved our merit in the international arena, 
  whenever i 'm talking to a language learning partner and they 're english is as good as could be expect ( which , when you 're learning german , is often ) then i start teaching them about dialects . 
  so for instance i 'll be tell them `` whilst what you 're saying is the proper and standard way , the way it will actually be said in these regions is different '' . 
  it 'd be thinks like barnsley folk using `` thee '' and `` thou '' or the fact that if you use the wrong word for bread cake or scone you might get chastised a little bit . 
  that or i 'll teach them to talk like the queen . 
  on a related note , did you know that scotland has twice as many giant pandas as conservative mps . 
  that 's two giant pandas and one conservative .
