  you could say it was when the founding fathers wrote the constitution of the united states which setforth ideals completely at odds with soviet/communist ones . 
  nobody acts in a vacuum . 
  no event in history has clear factors which began the whole process , because those factors were triggered in themselves by other factors . 
  however , the majority of the time it is unnecessary to relate an event in world history to events which took place several hundred years previously , as with the cmc and founding of the united states , which is the problem you get into if you try and recount a proper evaluation of the events which lead up to any event . 
  the reason i 'm giving this long explanation is to point out that neither the americans should be blame ( as with a revisionist interpretation ) or the soviets ( as with an orthodox interpretation ) . 
  it is factors outside both of their control , like history and circumstance , which brought them to act the way they did . 
  even fidel castro is the victim of this . 
  very few of them would have been active at any one time . 
  the leadership of both countries wanted to be ready for every eventuality . 
  for instance , to be able to deploy nuclear warheads to other parts of the world at the drop of a hat , like during the cuban missile crisis where fidel castro overthrew the batista regime in order to create a communist state which then requested protection from the usa by the ussr , which khrushchev ( leader of the ussr at the time ) was all too willing to do , and took the opportunity to deploy nuclear warheads which arrived and started being deployed in a matter of weeks . 
  you 've got to remember the unbelievably tense atmosphere of the cold war and the sense that everything could change at any moment . 
  events in the third world ( africa , middle east , south asia and south america ) were constantly opening opportunities to undermine and weaken enemy positions . 
  ^ ( for instance the communist revolution in angola , soviet invasion of afghanistan [ which put india in danger ] , the 1973 arab-israeli war , the berlin crisis 1951 , the berlin wall and partition of germany 1961 , the vietnam war and many many more . ), 
  each one of these positions could have lead to nuclear confrontation if the superpowers at the time handled things badly enough . 
  it also was n't a simple ussr and the east vs. usa and the west . 
  on more than one occasion relations between china and the ussr became so bad that they actually started shooting at each other along the border ( fortunately this did n't escalate , much ) . 
  china is also , for reference , a nuclear weapons state and has been for most of the cold war . 
  france actually left nato at one point to try and take foreign policy in its own direction ( france later rejoined , fortunately ) . 
  it was n't merely about protection from your one true enemy , it 's about protection from * everybody else * . 
  the last real example i can draw on is an anecdote from robert macnamara , former secretary of defense under jfk and later johnson . 
  the sorts of hysteria that went on in the war rooms was apparently pretty ridiculous . 
  a lot of the chiefs of defense actually thought that if they signed a non-nuclear proliferation treaty with the soviets that they would n't keep to it because they 'd simply test their new war heads * behind the moon * . 
  yes . 
  behind the moon . 
  the hysteria was intense . 
  is n't editorialising headlines against community rules ? 
  the title posted by op is * not * the same as the one on the linked article . 
  the linked article merely states that he was in sweden whist on a travel ban list , which is not indicative of what what op 's title claims given that he was probably in the schengen area * before * the travel ban was imposed ( as user / u/gensek has astutely pointed out ) . 
  so the title is either out right wrong or at the very best , unprovable and not best on hard evidence , but merely suggesting and ` reading between the lines ' . 
  very editorialised . 
  ** ahhh !, 
  ** do n't frighten me like that again !, 
  it does if some random standard of our society prevents other from practicing their religion freely . 
  i think saying `` europeans should blame themselves for others mistakes '' is taking it a bit far , but i think he has quite a good point . 
  it often is n't the individual 's fault that they 've gone down a particular path in life . 
  it 's no other individual 's duty to set them straight , but it is * society 's * duty to ensure they are given * real * options to move forwards in life . 
  it 's the difference between real freedom and negative freedom . 
  negative freedom is equality under the law . 
  real ( or ` positive ' ) freedom is freedom to actually do things . 
  negative freedom says you have a right to starve yourself , if you want to . 
  positive freedom says you have a right * to * eat . 
  you have a right to ensure you do n't starve , a right * to * education , a right * to * * real * membership of society . 
  a lot of people in the parisian slums ( and the london ones ) do n't have these real , effective opportunities . 
  they 're not really free . 
  it 's societies ' job to make them so . 
  if everything in life has pushed people towards jihad and crime , then society is negligent because it did nothing substantial to prevent it . 
  1,500 years * and counting * . 
  russia and some other places still are n't looking too co-operative . 
  all of eastern europe had the same problems when the iron curtain fell , but most of them have moved on to become prosperous eu states . 
  just because their is corruption and undesirable government policy now , does not mean it will always be this way . 
  we have to give them the opportunity to change . 
  they have swapped out an entire corrupt , near totalitarian government for a government made up mostly of europhiles ( father land ) but with 10 % fascists ( svboda ) . 
  the ten percent get marginalised on * most * issues and have very little influence . 
  there are elections coming up where , i hope , they will get even less influence in the government . 
  it 's entirely possible that father land will get a majority . 
  so we should n't turn them away at the first hurdle . 
  ukraine has the willingness and the opportunity to change . 
  russia does n't and wo n't . 
  https://i.imgur.com/cflzkzx.png look at the panel to the right . 
  where it says your name click the edit button next to it . 
  choose from one of the flags . 
  if the flag you want is not there then just message a mod with an image of the flag and they 'll add it for you sharpish . 
  welcome to the sub , 
  i do n't think any body is proposing removing the flair ( which is good because i love having them ) . 
  i think op is proposing we treat that information appropriately, 
  do n't worry about not recognising a flag . 
  if you do n't recognise it it is likely sub national and there for hugely unlikely for anybody to know . 
  for instance there 's one person in the whole sub who has the flag for nordreihn-westphalia and i had no idea what it 's flag looked like and i still do n't because it 's sub-natipnal and of a relatively unimportant region . 
  so do n't beat yourself up , 
  why does the far right always get the coolest stuff ? 
  the nazi uniforms , the confederate flag , francisco franco 's name and now * this ?!, 
  * at least ukip 's flag/emblem still looks as if it 's a [ poundland logo ] ( http://www.shopletchworth.com/files/images/property_to_let/main_image/poundland.jpg ), 
  there is no way to to become completely distinct from culture or gain an object view point . 
  culture is like a body of water with no end . 
  you ca n't escape from it and get a good look at it in order to examine your surroundings . 
  you are always inside it . 
  you can neither see where it 's going nor truly where it has been . 
  you are always inseparable from your culture and your society . 
  you can never be just `` yourself '' because you are , and always will be , part of a wider context . 
  maybe you can assimilate into another body of water and try to critique the one that you came from the new one . 
  however , then you critique it using only the distorted goggles of your new culture , and you end up in the same situation from which you began . 
  i think there 's a distinction between actions which you committed personally , and actions which something you are part of committed . 
  i do n't feel as sad for acts committed by the british empire compared with actions i have committed myself . 
  this is because i am ( to be quite honest ) very far removed from those actions . 
  i feel much more grief over our intervention in iraq , because i 'm closer to that . 
  imagine a series of circles , one inside the other stretches outwards and outwards . 
  the first is myself . 
  the second is myself ten years ago . 
  the third is my country . 
  the fourth is my country 50 years ago . 
  the fifth is europe as a whole . 
  the sixth is my country 100 years ago . 
  the seventh is the whole of humanity . 
  the eighth is my culture 200 years ago . 
  and outwards until infinity . 
  things in the outer circles i feel less strongly about , but am , nevertheless , still deeply , permanently and intrinsically connected to . 
  question : is the reason you need to know this because you are in some way participating in the european youth parliament ? 
  and if not , why do you need to know these positions ? 
   as stupid as if a british person should be sorry that his ancestors helped the repression in india am british person ; am sorry for my people 's repression of india and other places . 
  whilst i played no part in what actually happened to the subjects of the british empire , i reap the benefits of our colonial passed and am the result of a culture which did some pretty bad things ( yeah , yeah , we were the nicest bad guys on the block , but we still took over their countries , even if someone else would have just done it anyway ) .
