  so yeah , we should simplify the process and make it about values not technicalities . 
  that would largely solve the problem of the electorate being uninformed , because all you 'd have to do is ask yourself a short series of questions and weight how important each one is to you . 
  you do n't have to have attended a prestigious university for three years to study economics , then read a list of books as long as my arm in order to understand societal issues and then come to a conclusion , which is what being informed today would require . 
  the problem with that is a ) that it means people who 're uninformed start voting for things they know nothing about , which is marginally worse than the situation we have at the moment where people are usually at least somewhat aware and b ) this usually causes extremely high amounts of spoiled ballots where people just write `` fuck you '' ect on the ballot paper because they either have no opinion ( which is fine ) or disagree with being forced to vote . 
  i did the maths , and even if the socialists coalitioned with the other three most left wing parties ( left/nordic green left , the greens and the liberal party/alliance of liberals and democrats for europe ) then they would still be short of a majority . 
  they 'd end up with 332 seats , which is short of the 376 that is needed for a majority . 
  i think we 're going to be seeing an alliance between the epp/european people 's party and the socialists and democrats . 
  that would give them a slim majority , with 394 the epp would would n't be able to form a majority even if it coalitioned with the greens and alde and it wont start coalitioning with the eurosceptic parties like the conservative and reformist faction , alliance of freedom and democracy or the ` other ' category because the epp is hugely pro-europe . 
  the epp ( european people 's party ) has a majority ? 
  since when ? 
  the european parliament has 751 seats , but the epp only commands 208 of them ( [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/events/vote2014/eu-election-results ) ) . 
  that does n't sound like a majority to me . 
  it 's not so much surprising , it 's actually very logical . 
  i 'd literally just never thought about this two individuals in the same context . 
  i usually think about then existing in different universes . 
  they 're also not really eurpsceptic like the others . 
  do n't they advocate staying in the eu but only leaving the euro ? 
  it 's still eurosceptic , but not in the same league as ukip, 
  hollande and schultz are in the same euro party ? 
  makes sense , but it had never crossed my mind that they would be, 
  to be fair , i 'm pretty sure editorialising the title in the way you have done is against this sub 's policy . 
  you 've also misrepresented ( perhaps to the point of being dishonest ) a lot of people 's views as well as the situation in ukraine . 
  you seem to be favouring the protesters over steinmeier despite giving no reason for doing so . 
  all of your comments and this post sort of reek of an intention to substantiate your own point of view , whilst using extremely selective evidence and arguments to do so . 
  yes this happens a lot , and on this sub too , but i think you 're being particularly obvious in this instance . 
  i think if you 'd have just picked different pieces of information , shown that you maybe accepted other people 's points of view a bit more , and actually represented the opposition properly you might not have garnered so many downvotes and such an overall negative response . 
  i do n't think you deserve all the downvotes you 've got , apart from in a couple of comments , but i think that it 's not unreasonable to see how you 've somewhat provoked people into doing so . 
  they party is called [ svoboda ] ( http://goo.gl/z77wgz ) key points : * they are the minority party of the current governing coalition of ukraine , with the larger party being fatherland , headed by pm yatsenyuk . 
  * they have three members of government ( but nothing dangerous , like minister of the interior ) * some argue that they are genuinely fascist and antisemitic , whilst others claim they are merely far-right and nationalist . 
  * they or their predecessor party was associated with the nazis in world war ii or at least attempted to negotiate with them . 
  * they seem not to have acted out with their antisemitism since gaining power , with the group that represents jews in ukraine claiming that reports of violence against jews has not risen . 
  imho they are somewhat similar to the far right parties in central europe like jobbik , or maybe even more moderate . 
  they 're not something i feel comfortable supporting , but given the circumstance i condone thins marriage of convenience . 
  hopefully after parliamentary elections the government will have a large enough majority to shed them . 
  i 'm downvoting both of you , because you 're both being petty , 
  the point is , he 's drawing an analogy between the two situations . 
  in ukraine there is no simple solution like `` just leave ukraine alone '' in the same way there was no simple solution to the sovereign debt crisis . 
  his response to the crowd 's criticisms was literally that if the situation had n't escalated to the situation it has , with western support , then that situation would be much worse in the same way the sovereign debt crisis could have been much worse if the european governments had n't taken the complicated action they did . 
  what he 's saying is `` only when you vote martin schultz and sdp can there be a german as the commission president '' . 
  it 's basically saying , vote for me and my party , because i 'm the same race as you . 
  i 'm also of the opinion that you can be pro- one nationality without being somewhat anti other nationalities . 
  so campaigning on a pro-german platform means you 're also campaigning on a platform of xenophobia to a certain degree . 
  yeah , definitely communist , him pressuring greece , portugal and ireland to sell of public services in order to finance their debt was obviously just a small blip . 
  i 've got to say , i actually kind of liked the speech . 
  i 've got no problem with politicians giving `` emotional '' speeches so long as they do n't rely on emotional appeal for their all of their support ( like ukip do ) . 
  i do particularly like his point at the end about the solution to the economic crisis . 
  pointing out that there is no simple solution and that we should stop looking for them or thinking that they exist . 
  communist ? ... 
  because nationalism . 
  this does n't really happen in eu wide elections because nobody knows who the actual candidates are . 
  when people actually go to the voting booths they do n't tick the box next to the european people 's party or liberal party for europe but instead tick the liberal democrat or christian democrat party boxes , because those are the parties at a national level . 
  what the bigger party the national party is part of is an after thought , and who is the head of that party is even less relevant . 
  i 'm not really sure what marshall plan aid in the 1940s has to do with the situation in the 2000s, 
  for me the obvious answer is basically ` no ' but i have to ask , does anybody think this is the case ? 
  like , i literally do n't understand where this question has come from . 
  what things would lead you to asking this question ? 
  yeah . 
  a lot of techniques , ideas and brands that we consider american are very common around europe . 
  but someone could make a very similar judgement the other way around . 
  europe and america look very similar because we are very similar , and not because america is somehow turning europe into an american puppet . 
  they still have some support , but mostly people have either started voting for ukip or stopped voting at all through disenchantment with the bnp . 
  they got a bunch of local council seats and two seats in the european parliament last time around , but then they lost most of the local council seats because people realised nothing changed and stopped voting for them . 
  when it started off it was a drizzle combined with a refreshing amount of wind , which is nice every once in a while . 
  by the time i was halfway through my journey it had become the pissing/chugging it down variety , where even an umbrella can not protect you and your shopping becomes damp , even inside the bag . 
  but then i got home , ate some biscuits , and lounged in my pajamas with the radiator on , and then all was well in the world again . 
  the rain drops on my window obscure the outside world and allow me to appreciate the warmth and cosiness of of my little hovel . 
  so it 's not so bad really . 
  as for the how those on the street feel about thing . 
  i should imagine that they either feel pretty bad because they 're getting rained on , or nothing at all because everyone 's quite rightly gone indoors . 
  was absolutely pissing it down whilst i went out to vote and buy bananas , but now it is just overcast . 
  summer 's over , i guess . 
  i think this is true for spain and is true for a certain extent in other countries , however i do n't think it 's all or even most of the picture . 
  i 'd bet good money that italy , whilst suffering from a lot of the corruption and negligence problems that spain suffers from , does not suffer anything like the brain drain that spain and the newer eu members face . 
  i think that wages make up a much larger proportion of the picture . 
   what exactly is going on in europe right now ? 
  well , where i live it 's raining . 
   start a conservation project to provide electricity to local villages and towns if you like doing this for environmental reasons , then surely switching people to environmentally friendly forms of electricity generation would be a worthwhild cause , as most european cities , whilst they have all the usual utilities well covered , do so in un-environmentally friendly ways . 
  for instance , by setting up small damns on the coast or using rivers which flow into the med . 
  or there 's solar and wind electricity . 
  or you could probably do work on coastal erosion . 
  i know that erosion is a big problem in the uk . 
  tides come in and wash bits of the island away , centimetres at a time . 
  probably a problem in parts of the med too . 
  additionally , you could always move to the opposite side of the med , which probably has more need for someone to come in and help them get electricity set up ( north africa ) . 
  the european union 's interests include economic growth , subjugation of russia , fiscal transfers and environmental activism . 
  seeking monetary union , maybe more ? 
  there 's a similar phrase in the constitution of the united states , relating to what sort of things the federal government is allowed to interfere in . 
  something like , ` the federal government may only interfere when it serves the general interests of the american people ' . 
  it and the phrase mentioned in the treat on the european union ( teu ) are known as ` elastic clauses ' because they quite clearly have no exact meaning or content . 
  their purpose is to be in a state of constant re-interpretation . 
  the interests of both the ( european ) union and the american people will change with time , and as such , so should the constitution ( nb : the teu , along with other treaties like lisbon form the european union 's constitution ) . 
  one could argue that the general interests of the 1940s and 50s union ( before the teu ) would have had something to do with ensuring a war between france and germany did not happen again . 
  maybe afterwards it would have had more to do with increasing prosperity or ensuring protection from the eastern bloc . 
  i 'm unsure what the general interests of the union today are , but i 'll hazard a guess that it 's probably pretty broad . 
   we 're not being exploited by foreign corporations my business sense is tingling ... 
  does this account for publicly owned services like the nhs ? 
  additionally , why is the the uk and great britain listed separately with slightly different numbers ? 
  did somebody actually work out the median for the uk , and then work it out again whist excluding northern ireland , the shetland islands , the islands of white , the isle of anglse and so on ? 
  yeah . 
  for instance london is one of the most/the most prosperous region of the uk , yet almost certainly has the fewest cars * per person * of any uk region .
