  sure , there is evidence of corruption in the eu . 
  tonnes of it . 
  and there is lots of corruption in the eu . 
  tonnes of it . 
  but i think to argue that right up the highest levels of power are being dictated by some random ukrainian politicians and oligarchs is just not likely . 
  the eu is n't primarily motivated by non-interventionism . 
  it 's primarily restricted by its decision making processes . 
  a few members within the eu are in favour of non-interventionism and because non-interventionism means no-action that means they easily win ( because non consensus is reached ) and the eu 's position starts to look something like non-interventionism , even though in reality only a minority of member states are non-interventionist . 
  well actually it is quite political , given that it 's in the founding articles of the eu that to join the eu you must be in europe . 
  political has a very wide ranging definition , and geography and political boundaries definitely fall under it . 
  it 's relevant . 
  aside from that , it 's also relevant philsophically , because it could hint as to whether you think looking out for those closer to you is important , regardless of culture , or whether you strive for internationalism or even globalism . 
  it 's an important topic and we should n't downvote people for expressing a preference either way , so long as they adhere to the reddiquette and sub rules . 
  just for further information on kiev i think 's relevant here . 
  it 's the richest region in ukraine , but it 's not only the major gathering point for protestors , the normal residents of kiev ( not just those from surrounding areas ) are massively pro eu and anti-yanukovych . 
  you can see this on the maps and , prominently , in the presidential elections . 
  as a secondary point : could you link to any of the polls ? 
  they have to pay that money back . 
  they 're riding a good spot currently which has enabled them to pay off their debts faster . 
  it 's good news , but it does n't really undermine any of the major criticisms of the banks or banking sector, 
  [ a quote from this would suggest my initial comment might be wrong ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25905031 )  in the north-eastern city of sumy , protesters occupied the city 's council building and an mp for the opposition fatherland party has assumed the leadership of the council , reports ukraine 's unian news agency it looks like at least in that city they 're actually getting on with the administration , but it is still a figure who has experience and they probably do n't have access to such figures in the other western provinces/oblasts/states, 
  can we stop claiming that we 're going to be downvoted ? 
  / u/akarlin said the same thing . 
  it annoyed me when he said and when everyone else says it . 
  just get on with making your point and not playing the persecution card . 
  i do n't have any information , but i think it would be logical to assume that it means that the protestors do not have control because those that the administrators and the councillors would normally govern are probably unwilling to be governed by unelected protestors who do n't know what they 're doing in terms of running a country . 
  i highly doubt the protestors would put it upon themselves to try and govern when ( probably ) non of them have the necessary experience and the protest movement lacks the structure and hierarchy that a government requires . 
  hopefully the public services will continue operating without oversight from their regional administration centres . 
  they should n't be needing their regional government for most day to day matters anyway . 
  so long as the protests do n't continue for weeks on end then no major problems should accrue in the regions . 
  one 's population and one 's political class do n't need to be aligned with a given country for that given country to be able to and to want to control one 's country . 
  look at most of the middle east . 
  they 're virtually controlled by american and european interests , yet non of their political class want us there and their citizens want us even less . 
  control has nothing to do with consent . 
  we might not have the authority to be in the middle east just like russia does n't have the authority to control ukraine , but we do have the * power * to be in the middle east and russia does have the * power * to influence ukraine . 
  as for the 10 billion euro loan , i 'd say yes . 
  we 're not going to get an opportunity to free ukraine from russian influence again , any time soon . 
  we need to seize this opportunity to help the people of ukraine and ( in the long term ) help ourselves now , because we wo n't have this opportunity again . 
  furthermore , 10 billion euros is n't that much when it 's shared between us . 
  let 's not forget that the first load of loans to greece were worth about 110 billion euros , and then just over a year later were able to offer an * additional * and * even bigger * loan of 130 billion euro . 
  the eu should try to make itself not be too wasteful and also try not to expand too fast , but i think that this is too good of an opportunity to miss so we should spend the relatively small amount of money and i think that we do n't need to worry about over stretching the eu because ukraine still wont join for a very long time . 
  it 's all very logical and straight forward for me . 
  do you have any figures of how many berkut have defected ? 
  i believe it means that the protestors have made the councillors of their province ( correct word for ukrainian regions ? ), 
  resign . 
  let 's not forget that we voted him in not only before iraq but also after it . 
  most of the population would still vote for blair even after all of his mishaps . 
  he 'd probably garner a lot more votes today than ed miliband or david cameron . 
  i fundamentally disagree with the iraq war , and i 'd still vote for him today over those two . 
  much appreciated , thank you, 
  can someone add some more context to these pictures ? 
  what city is this in ? 
  have some of the police defected to the protestors ? 
  is that why you see the protestors holding riot police shields ? 
  * intense guitar music *, 
  there 's also the mass-surveilance crisis which is ongoing that i want to here about . 
  i 'd like to here about that too . 
  i 'm more than happy to check in in this thread every day or so , but then also be able to go onto / r/europe and read about the normal ongoings . 
  ukraine 's important and everything , but i have other interests too . 
  it 's also kind of immoral to act in the ways the usa did in cuba in 1961 or iran in 1953 . 
  it 's not our responsibility to intervene and decide what happens in other countries . 
  we can refuse to recognise them . 
  we can refuse to trade with them , but we ca n't go in and decide who should be the new leader of that country . 
  that country might be corrupt , but it 's their job to fix their corruption in a way they see fit . 
  let 's not forget that this is n't iraq . 
  ukraine is a democracy , however a corrupt democracy that is . 
  that does not give us the justification to move in . 
  i wo n't be able to feel proud of the european project the way i do now if it starts toppling foreign rulers it disagree with . 
  that is not what the project is about . 
  what the fuck is even going on in that picture ? 
  it 's an important issue , but it 's drowning out other important issues which have or might come up in the future . 
  this is a subreddit not just for euromaidan news , but for all european news in general . 
  i 'd like it to stay that way in the short and long term . 
  the changed snoo 's flag from a european flag to an israeli one once . 
  it was n't very popular then , but i think this time it makes a lot of sense given that ukraine is actually european and this issue has dominated the subreddit on several occasions over the past months . 
  i know not everybody agrees with what should happen with ukraine , but i think we can all agree that we 're worried and we feel for them at this time . 
  whether it 's the russian speaking minority in the east who 're relatively well off but worry for the longevity of their government , or the protestors out in the cold , or the police following orders leading them to be hit with molotovs and fireworks , or other ukrainians throughout the country . 
  it 's stressful for all involved and they all have my sympathies . 
  and i think we can all get behind this idea of sympathy with the ukrainian people . 
  could you tell us what proof was actually provided and some things about op 's position ? 
  it 's not that i do n't trust you / u/metaleks , but i have no idea who you are . 
  for all intents and purposes you 're just as alien to me as op is . 
  bye-elections are a very bad measure in determining whether or not a party will win seats in a general election . 
  people use bye-elections as an opportunity to display their disappointment with the government , and then promptly vote them back in next time a general election comes around . 
  people do it because they know their vote wont change who the pm is , only send a message . 
  ukip support is n't anywhere near deep enough in any constituency to garner farage a parliamentary constituency . 
  this week , uk media will start reporting on how the french media is reporting on us , reporting on them ... 
  i think i blame the situation and not the protestors . 
  still , the situation by-enlarge is scary , no matter who you blame . 
  i disagree . 
  rubber bullets can be fatal and have been fatal . 
  i 've yet to find an instance of a water pistol being fatal ( though i 'm happy to be proved wrong ) . 
  yes the title is disingenuous , but there are a lot of similarities with a rubber bullet and a real bullet which means that implying a rubber bullet is a real bullet is notably different than saying water pistolling a postman is an act of jihad . 
  yes they 're both over generalisations , but one is so much more egregious than the other that they do not deserve to be lumped in the same category . 
  and i agree with you that editorialising is bad , however i think you 're wrong when i say that the example of the kid and the super soaker is anywhere near as egregious as the op . 
  sure , you 're proving a principle , but you 're also making your argument look weak by using a bad example . 
  tbf , rubber bullets are a little more dangerous and damaging than a water pistol . 
  you can kill someone with a rubber bullet if you hit them in the wrong place . 
  you 're right to claim that it 's no where near using real bullets , but you 're not doing your argument any favour by claiming that rubber bullets are akin to water pistols . 
  there is a middle ground between completely harmless and being fatal .
