  imagine pan-european presidential debates , for the first time people voting for someone who 's from another european country . 
  they would like to know how their elected president is doing and hence more media attention . 
  few want to hear about a guy appointed in some mysterious ways . 
  name one way this is different to a prime ministerial position . 
  in the uk and german ( both prime ministerial systems , where the head of the government is also a member of parliament ) there are tv debates with all those vying for the position of top-dog . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election_debates,_2015 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-tv-debate-highlights-differences/a-17059458 ) . 
  -- all of these positives you 've mentioned for a directly elected president also would exist if we had a prime minister appointed directly by parliament . 
  i totally acknowledge that the situation at the moment is bad . 
  but that means we need a solution which is * better * . 
  a presidential system ( like france or america ) would solve * some * of the smaller problems but open us up to other ones ( especially gridlock and lacking democratic legitimacy , [ as in the french election of 2002 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_presidential_election,_2002 ) ) . 
  i think a prime ministerial system solves most of the current problems and also brings with it the fewest disadvantages . 
  a ) parliament confirms , but they will just not confirm the candidate until they get the one they want . 
  that 's why in 2014 the council just proposed straight away the candidate that the parliament wanted . 
  b ) the hell you talkin about ? 
  parliament is the most democratic body in the eu . 
  how can it * not * be accountable ? 
  every five years every mep has to stand for election . 
  how much more accountability can you get ? 
  c ) you mean you never hear from them because you never look . 
  the same problem would plague a directly elected eu president , as it plagues junker today and the rest of the eu parliament . 
  you ca n't expect some democratic reforms and then suddenly the national press will take an interest . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  which president is this ? 
  all i know is the most recent president who 's part of romania 's german minority . 
  is this the president before him , or a different one ? 
  also , if he becomes a moldovan citizen , what would this mean ? 
  would he attempt to get involved in politics there , or is this just a personal thing ? 
  and if he does get involved , what would his chances of success be ? 
   i think we need to elect the president of e commission directly ( like americans elect obama ) . 
  more choice between different agendas for voters , more accountability and most importantly more media attention . 
  disagree . 
  presidential systems always lead to gridlock ( like happened a couple of years ago when the federal government shut down , and happened twice during bill clinton 's administration ) . 
  what we need is a full parliamentary system , where the leader of the eu is selected from the european parliament , like happens in most eu member states . 
  i mean , it would make a lot of sense because the parliament already determines who the european commission president is , so it makes sense that the president of the european commission should be an eu parliamentarian anyway . 
  it 's okay . 
  local politics is really under reported on , despite it having a huge effect on our lives . 
  it 's very easy to look at the issue and * assume * that it 's just a nimby thing . 
  so it 's an uphill battle to make people realise it 's about something so much bigger ( especially when only [ 35 % of people even turn out to vote ] ( https://www.sheffield.gov.uk/your-city-council/elections/election-results/2014.html ) at all ) . 
  any way , if you see any one dismissing it out of hand in future , send em to me , 
  two things a ) it 's only 36,000 * at the moment * . 
  the number has been constantly rising [ [ 1 ] ( http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/row-over-sheffield-tree-felling-set-to-ramp-up-in-2016-1-7641587 ) ] . 
  if this is not stopped now , it will rise further . 
  b ) the trees which are being removed have nothing wrong with them . 
  what 's actually happening is that the local council has a # 2billion contract with a company called amy . 
  amy gets # 2billion per year * regardless * of the service it provide . 
  amy is paid to deal with road maintenance , including road side trees ( of which sheffield has many ) . 
  so there 's an incentive for amy to cut down as many trees as possible in the first few years of its contract so that it does n't have to pay for the more costly maintenance of those trees in later years . 
  they can get away with this because they get the # 2billion regardless of the service they provide . 
  so trees are being cut down for no good reason , and we 're paying # 2billion pounds through the noise to pay for it . 
  and we 're doing this at a time when we 're already having to introduce [ # 50 million worth of cuts to government services ] ( http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/sheffield-council-to-axe-400-jobs-after-50-million-cut-from-budget-1-7700177 ) . 
  this pfi contract with amy is costing us money for a service it is failing at , whilst the council continues to cut services for our most vulnerable . 
  ( e.g. 
  sheffield college only receives funding for half of the special needs students it looks after . 
  who is more vulnerable and disadvantaged than disabled children ffs ? ), 
  not only this , but because the council has a huge majority ( [ 59 out of 84 seats belong to one party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheffield_city_council ) ) they can act with impunity to defend their record . 
  twice now there have been mandatory sittings of the council due to overwhelming numbers of signatures by local residents , and the fucking councillors do n't even look . 
  you can see pictures where the external speakers are stood to the left of the chamber and all of the councillors are either looking forward bored or looking at their phones and tablets . 
  what 's more , on this point about anti-democracy , amy is not fulfilling its basic duties to have public consultations . 
  and this is n't just me or tree campaigners saying so , either . 
  [ the high court has issued a moratorium on tree felling for 3 months ] ( http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/high-court-pauses-sheffield-tree-felling-for-three-months-1-7722542 ) to have a proper court case to examine this . 
  signage is supposed to be put up for two weeks before felling can begin , but usually this does not happen . 
  residents are n't made aware . 
  there is no chance for residents to have their voices heard . 
  the whole thing is ludicrous . 
  and this is the general sort of lack of consultation you 'll find from this unresponsive corporation that 's supposed to be fulfilling a public service . 
  for instance , there 's things like the [ lydgate lane white line ] ( http://crosspool.info/2015/10/15/petition-launched-over-sandygate-road-markings/ ) which was * supposed * to help cyclists , but amy never consulted with any cyclists and as such it was just a death trap ( forcing buses to drive right down the middle of the lane ) that did n't help cyclists at all . 
  it 's indicative of their unresponsiveness to local concerns . 
  it really needs to be stopped . 
  i 'm hoping they get a beating at the local elections in may . 
  i know that feeling ... 
  i live in south yorkshire ( sheffield ) which is like the 5th poorest region in northern europe , and then worked in our german partner city , bochum in the ruhr valley , nordrhein , westphalen , which is one of the poorer west german regions . 
  it was just * shockingly * better . 
  they have a bloody * underground * system , whilst sheffield is lucky to even have a tram system which only covers two thirds of the city and was only paid for by eu grants . 
  everything there is just great and then i get back here , to find that the few half decent things we have , like a barely functioning bus service and street trees are being removed because of austerity . 
  i do n't feel like i live in a wealthy country . 
  what actually is the source of this ? 
  i 've always suspected that it 's just the same picture but they increase the brightness on one version . 
  the uk doing bad things does n't make it okay . 
  what 's clear is that the way international capitalism is structured disables states from being able to manage their own economies whilst enabling companies to disregard regional laws . 
  it 's actually an argument for a more global role for international organisations , or at least continent aide agreement . 
  my reasoning for why this is interesting is because it 's a french article about the uk . 
  always interesting to see how domestic european reporting of other countries is . 
  it 's actually picking up on things that are completely absent in the uk press . 
  in the uk he focus is all about the cutting of # 30 per week of disability living allowance . 
  i actually think it 's a plan of the chancellor to have one really bad thing in the budget to allow more obtuse things like this to slip through without media attention . 
  do you have any links about this ( either chirac or fischer ) ? 
  my ignorant british self does n't know much about them . 
  it will decrease supply for saudi arabia which will mean the price will go up for them which will mean they can afford fewer weapons . 
  we know it wo n't stop them from getting weapons completely , but it will decrease the amount . 
  i think that 's more to do with it being * foreign * reporting than because of the outlets themselves . 
  basically , news organisations as a rule suck at foreign reporting with only very few exceptions . 
  you should treat foreign media reporting on something with a higher degree of scepticism than usual . 
  this is why i typically try and use my a2 ( advanced beginner ) french to read online le monde articles than relying on british reporting ( or sometimes i go to politico.eu ) because domestic media will almost always be better . 
  i think whether or not ` independent ' or established news outlets are good is a much more broad question with a much more complex answer . 
  he had a backbone ? 
  i thought he was brought into the role as social democrat leader precisely because his spine was made of jelly . 
  this way , they can change their policies when its coming up to the next elections in 2017 . 
  it will decrease supply for saudi arabia which will mean the price will go up for them * which will mean they can afford fewer weapons * . 
  we know it wo n't stop them from getting weapons completely , but it will decrease the amount . 
   sovereignty really means that little to you ?
