  i 'm uncertain . 
  if there was n't a body in the morgue , i 'd have found it hard to believe that they 'd let a woman die because they did n't want to give her an abortion . 
  one crazy thing already happened in that story , maybe there was other crazy around the crazy ? 
   feel free to define what `` your '' bit of europe is . 
  like you might consider your bit to be belgium or it might be the benelux or wollonia . 
  you 're still in the same place , but your area changes . 
  does n't have to be a real country to say that that 's his region . 
  also , if you 're just saying that to a kosovan for the sake of it , then well done . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  god the better together campaign is a load of shit . 
  i 'm pro union but given that this is the official union campaign , i can really sympathise with scots if there 's a yes for independence vote . 
  come to think , that referendum 's gotten a lot closer since the last time i looked . . 
  ok , that 's pretty stupid . 
  so kind of the exact opposite of the uk 's situation . 
  ie most people do n't really liking the monarchy , but no one says a bad word about the queen * personally * because there are n't really any bad words to say . 
  so she 's probably helping keep monarchism in fashion . 
  however , when she eventually dies and prince charles takes the throne , a lot of people are hoping he abdicates because every one hates him so much . 
  personally i think he 's alright . 
  i mean , he meddles with government a bit more than i like for an unelected official , but he does stand for genuinely good things that i think the government tends to overlook ( conservation , the environment , ect ) . 
  if i did n't want the monarchy to be impartial , the way charles does it is the way i 'd like it to be done . 
  for those confused [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007\u20132011_belgian_political_crisis )  after 194 days of often heated negotiations , parties finally succeeded in forming a new government . 
  a woman died because doctors refuse to give her an abortion in `` a catholic country '' . 
  i was under the impression it was a dependancy of an eu country , similar to the relationship the uk overseas territories have with the uk . 
  or maybe a better analogy would be the uk and the crown dependancies ( isle of man , jersey and guernsey ) . 
  either way , greenland is part of denmark , but greenland has home rule very similar to various parts of the uk . 
  home rule does not mean they are independent . 
  i 've heard the spanish royal family has been becoming increasingly unpopular over recent decades . 
  do you think there 's a chance spain could actually become a republic in the near future ? 
  also , which republic is the second republic ? 
  / s meh , some lady has always just died . 
  i do n't know why this th , th-ahh-t-ch-ee - , whoever she is , is being taken so seriously . 
  my grandmother never made the headlines !, 
  posted . 
  i 'll put it in my calendar to make another one in two weeks time . 
  we have n't had one of those `` what 's the biggest news in your country at the moment ? '', 
  threads in a while . 
  i think that posting the same thing in the same subbreddit more than twice is spam . 
  i do n't really care about other subbreddits , so long as you do n't repeatedly post it in the same one over and over . 
  and by you , i do n't mean just you i mean check if it has been posted there before . 
  chances are it has . 
  there 's probably other people who 're just as interested in this project as you who go around posting it . 
  to be fair , it 's been a while since the last time they posted this here , but i think it 's happened enough times for it to be considered spam . 
  every one who wants to sign here , has probably already signed . 
  they 're not gaining anything from reposting and reposting . 
  for reference , write `` water '' in the search bar and see how many times this right2water thing appears or some thing title `` eu privatising ur water ! '', 
  so long as nato 's around in its current form , there 's no need for a european force . 
  the reason for that is two fold . 
  why fix what is n't broken ? 
  and the us is making defence a lot cheaper than we ever could . 
  most european nations do n't have to pay any significant amount of money on defence due to the usa stepping in and paying for it all under a nato banner . 
  so i opt for maintaining the status quo as long as possible . 
  however , i do think that the usa will eventually get tired of protecting europe when the the usa has other interests such as east asia and the benefits of the us protection of europe look slimmer and slimmer , at which point the usa will problem withdraw from nato or at least it 's huge resources from the european bit of nato . 
  then we can make our own , purely european defence organisation . 
  until that point , i really see no reason to make our own defence organisation . 
  there 's the argument for more autonomy , but i do n't think nato is restricting our autonomy in anyway , really . 
  i 've always seen nato as a bit of an extra tier to the eu . 
  i mean , the phrase multi speed europe gets thrown around a lot , or at least it used to and if you think about it nato fits very well into being the outmost tier . 
  like this eurozone  european union  schengen travel are  european economic area  council of europe ( ? 
  )  nato i mean , many non eu countries participate with things like schengen and the free market . 
  nato is kind of like that but taken to an extreme and not centred around brussels as much . 
  most eu members get an opt out from it like the uk has a vague opt out of schengen and the euro . 
  that 's sort of where my hypothesis on why there is n't a pan european defence force in operation and why there are n't really objectives for it . 
  because we already have one , in effect , it just includes non european members . 
  the words `` in effect '' are very important here . 
  if nato was to disappear , it 'll leave a gap for the eu to fill in terms of cooperating on defence and building an actual european defence tier . 
  i do n't think the eu parliament is competent enough for that yet . 
  that parliament is very new , compared to the others and needs times to adjust and reform itself to work properly . 
  the other half decent parliaments like the london , berlin and paris ones have had an extremely long time to create these excellent systems . 
  as it stands now , the european parliament and core executive is n't good enough at handling issues . 
  the fisheries policy being a prime example . 
  so for now we should keep the power with the time proven systems , and maybe when the european parliament works better we can transfer more power to it , but for now , national parliaments have to remain very powerful . 
  [ we chose to do this ] ( http://mikekloranillustration.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/jfk-scaled1000.jpg ) !, 
  we made that decision on that humid september night , for whatever fucking reasons and my god we will reap the rewards !, 
  of shitting in a spanish street !, 
   [ kinda like congress bills ] was that really necessary ? 
  most of us here are probably more familiar with how this european parliament works than the american congress . 
   turkey does not occupy the north of cyprus well , it 's not quite as simple as that . 
  if you read the wikipedia articles on [ cyprus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus#turkish_invasion_and_division ) and [ northern cyprus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_cyprus#history ) it * starts * becoming apparent how not black and white this is . 
  not sure it was ever in fashion , unless you count prussia and great britain 's mutual hatred of napoleonic france as pan-germanism . 
  i live in a city ~ 95 % white . 
  every crime i see committed is by white people . 
  less than 1 % of people in my city are responsible for any of these crimes . 
  so the logical conclusion is to ban white people from the city ? 
  because white people are the ones doing the crimes , right ? 
  you 're logic is bad , and you should feel bad . 
  i thought you spoke slavic . 
  just thought it 'd be worth mentioning that there 's a sub / r/writetoyourmp for british members of parliament . 
  in case people want to share their correspondence . 
  as for this law itself , i 'd like to know a lot more about it before i write to an mep . 
  the video puts forward a convincing argument , but then i could put forward a convincing argument for forced sterilisation , if i was willing to put in the time and make a cool animation * and * assuming the audience is at least moderately ignorant on the topic . 
  there was that right 2 water petition thing , or what ever it called that kept getting posted in here every week or two which had a nice and convincing video , but it linked to some actual wordy stuff , which i read through and then found it to be extremely unconvincing . 
  so i do n't like to think that i have an opinion on things until i 've read some of the print and detail myself . 
  nay !, 
  / r/europe seems to be going through one of it 's annoying racist , downvoty stages . 
  i remember one of the last times it got bad i posted [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18b5ch/public_service_announcement_reddiquette/ ) . 
  i think people , after that , took more notice of how they were voting . 
  yes . 
  i did n't say bosnia was handled well at all , but it was an improvement in many ways . 
  i mean , bosnia 's something of a halfway point between the efficient libya and mali campaigns and the blunderbuss of iraq and afghanistan . 
  mali  libya  bosnia  iraq  afghanistan ( serre leon probably fits in here somewhere too , but i 'm too ignorant of that conflict to say anything ) yeah , nato in bosnia is n't something that i think went well , but it definitely went better than iraq .
