  they 've migrated to a spot in the near atlantic so as to be closer to us , how sweat !, 
  oh yeah that 's the other thing . 
  there tend to be only a couple of actual politicians in the party who 've worked their way up from the bottom , but most of the meps were elected by surprised and were just stood for election in 2014 to fill out the ballot paper . 
  and then that was the election where ukip got something like 25 % of the votes nationally , which was the first time in about 60 years where a third party has come first in a national election . 
  so most of the ukip politicians have little or no political training or experience , which leads them to being incredibly misinformed on a lot of issues because they just do n't know how to be public servants . 
  if you compare that to all of the established parties , including even the greens at this point , all of their candidates for westminster and europarl are drawn from local councils , and former parliamentary advisers and stuff like that , or at the very least they 'll have a high level degree in politics/history/philosophy / economics from a good university . 
  the ukip top brass has hardly any of that, 
  tbf : he 's probably convinced * a lot * of people at this point of the values of ttip . 
  obviously he 's not changed the subreddit 's general attitude , because there 's almost 400,000 users of this subreddit by now , but he 's certainly made a dent . 
  if you look at the statistics for some threads in which / u/savannajeff is prominently arguing in , there 'll be a few thousand users who 've read through it . 
  given the fact he 's been arguing this * for so long * i would n't be surprised if the number of people whose opinion he 's altered , at least bit , is n't into five figures . 
  get out of here , you people . 
  with your ability to put humanity before arguing . 
  what even are you , humans ? 
  ^ ( hope you make a fully and swift recovery ), 
  it 's also worth noting that political parties at the national , eu , devolved and local level all operate * very * differently . 
  scottish conservatives are almost nothing like westminster conservatives , for instance . 
  the point is , carswell is the only westminster ukip mp , where as the rest of the party is based in the european parliament at strasbourg/brussels . 
  because they operate in such different worlds they naturally come up with different policies . 
  nigel can use the party whip to control his meps , but he ca n't do anything to control carswell because there 's no party hierarchy in westminster to enforce it with . 
  so for most intents and purposes carswell is an independent , rather than a ukip mp . 
  iirc most kippers will publicly distance themselves from powell at every opportunity . 
  the whole `` river 's of blood '' speech thing is n't a good thing to be associated with , even if fundamentally they agree with it ( which most of them do ) . 
  true . 
  it 's also still true , because cyprus is * still * not a member of nato and greece believes that it has an obligation to protect cyprus . 
  so even though the two countries are never going to go to war with each other , and will even fight wars together ( such as in afghanistan ) , there 's still a cold war going on between the two over cyprus , which is why greece believes it needs the higher defence spending . 
  it 's not abnormally high . 
  i mean , turkey does spend * more * on defence than most other european countries . 
  turkey is the seventh highest spender out of nato , and there are many non-aligned european countries like ireland , iceland and austria who are n't in nato , all of which have tiny defence budgets . 
  so in the strict sense of the term , turkey 's defence spending * is * ` abnormally high ' by european standards , because the european average is lower than 1 % of gdp ( whilst turkey spends about 1.7 % of gdp ) , so having more than that is `` abnormal '' in the strict sense of the word . 
  it 's not * wrong * or * bad * . 
  it 's just unusual , but obviously turkey has all sorts of reasons for having this slightly higher defence spending ( that border with syria being pretty obvious ) . 
  mod here this has been delisted for editorialising . 
  please 're read our rules, 
  i liked the way it was called `` fun '' and then the first statistic was unemployment . 
  a lot of the other ones were a bit more cheery and interesting ( like internet penetration and gdp and gdp per capita ) . 
  we also spend more time as a proportion of our day on the internet , and are much more likely to spend money through the internet than other countries . 
  also , in the last few weeks cashless money transfers ( checks , cards , paypal , et al ) become the majority method for exchanging money in the uk instead of cash ( i.e. 
  notes and coins ) . 
  we 're a very internet loving nation , which fits in perfectly with our loathing of human contact, 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  you 're just vaguely accusing me of holding a certain type of opinion and then saying that you 're right because ` you 've lived it ' . 
  i do n't understand what you 're getting it . 
  but this is like every other gang . 
  look  no , these guys are younger , more numerous , they have nothing to lose , and they do not show themselves publicly with insignias and such . 
  * young : extremely common amongst gang members . 
  check * lots of them : never heard of a gang with a lot of members , or an area where gang violence gets worse over time ? 
  * do n't wear insignias : you know that most gangs actually do n't wear insignias , right ? 
  they 're basically just a big way for the police and rival gangs to target you . 
   the immigrant gangs also have lots of passive supporters in most layers of society . 
  * remove the `` immigrant '' and this is , again , like almost every other gang ever . 
  al capone was featured on time magazine 's front cover and was glorified by a lot of the american public before the saint valentine 's day massacre . 
   these supporters will cry `` racist ! '', 
  at anyone who dares to blame immigration for the recent boom of gang criminality . 
  so supporters of immigration are now passive accomplices in gang violence now ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're getting at here apart from some weird and vague conspiracy of how the establishment is out to get you . 
   street crimes , such as robberies , muggings and other small crimes that involves innocents must be added to the usual gang related crimes . 
  * robberies : extremely common * muggins : extremely common * effecting innocents : extremely common  the immigrant gangs operate among the public rather than keeping to themselves . 
  again . 
  most gangs do n't try and distance themselves from `` the public . '', 
  how are they going to recruit new members if they only associate with current gang members . 
  where are you getting the idea that the mamlo gangs are somehow different to all other gangs ? 
  they 're literally a text book example so far as i can see . 
   and by all means , do not repeat your mantra `` just like white biker gangs '' , feel free to cry racist at me instead . 
  i 'm not saying you 're racist . 
  i 'm just saying that you 're wrong . 
  i do n't see anyway in which the gang violence going on here is in any way special whatsoever . 
  that accounts for the current part of the map , but where did you get the historical data from ? 
  do you mean the last time , or the time before before last time, 
  how do you mean ? 
  like , a percentage of co2 as a percentage in comparison to natural co2 levels ? 
  this has been delisted under rules 2.5 . an 2.6 . 
  maybe try in / r/polandball or / r/funny or / r/turkey, 
  just fyi : this is good news ** but ** it only applies to * electricity * . 
  we need to expand renewable * energy * production much further . 
  in industries like transport ( which produce most of our co2 emissions ) it 's still overwhelmingly reliant on fossil fuels . 
  in many countries as well , heating generation is still a huge source of green house gas emissions . 
  tl ; dr : be wary of the distinction between electricity and energy . 
  because that 's what they describe themselves as . 
  i do n't think islamic state is particularly islamic , but i still call them islamic state because that 's what they 're called and that 's what they call themselves . 
  thank you . 
  relisted . 
  more here . 
  this has been delisted until a source is provided . 
  please send a pm to the mods ( by putting ' / r/europe ' in the address field ) or by replying to this comment with a source ( or both ) . 
  it 's all just foreign !, 
  obviously very interesting how large the number of actual asylum seekers is and that european countries excluding turkey barely register on any of the charts bare the last one . 
  we make such a fuss about taking people in when we 're still hardly taking any both in comparison to other countries and how many people are really in need, 
  id love to see those two in a drinking competition, 
  it still means the british press will massacre him over it though . 
  i remember there was a front page story when the bbc 's political correspondent accidentally said cunt instead of count a few days ago and started trying to weave all sorts of politics into it . 
  they 'll use every opportunity , including all of the mistakes these three non english natives make, 
  i think it 's meant to be humorous and deliberately exaggerated . 
  i do n't know why so many germans here dislike the front covers so much ( i 've never seen a german saying anything good about it ) . 
  i subscribe and the content is really solid ( which is what matters ) . 
  the front cover is the most playful thing about it . 
  it 's meant to juxtapose it to the quite serious content which is inside . 
  the costs of apollo , the shuttle and the creation of the iss were all very expensive , much more expensive than current esa or nasa budgets could afford , i will grant you that . 
  however you have to remember that these projects were done in a time where computer and scientific advancements were much younger . 
  the famous example always given is that the a modern smart phone has more computing power than the entirety of the apollo programme .
