  edit : added an extra zero . 
  i 'm really only referring to all the germans in the election mega thread , where that did seem to be the consensus amongst all the germans . 
  obviously i 'm sure there variety of opinion within germany , but within that thread there certainly was n't . 
  well , what were the other studies that you looked at ? 
  according to your article , over 50 % of the votes ( so , a majority ) of german turks were for akp , which dwarfs any other party . 
  and on top of the akp majority , there 's also 13 % of the german turkish votes going for mhp , which are even more authoritarian . 
  your article did n't have a source for the ' 3,000,000 german turks being able to vote ' figure that you eluded to . 
  seems to be the exact opposite of what all the germans were sayin a few weeks ago when turkey had elections . 
  apparently all the turks in germany voted for erdogan 's party ( akp ? ), 
  because they come from central anatolia ( which is hardcore religious conservative ) rather than the liberal peripheries on the aegean sea and around istanbul . 
  so maybe the muslims in germany are pretty average muslims , and average muslims can also espouse accepting views towards homosexuality . 
  so , this information does n't fit into your world view , therefore it 's almost certainly wrong in someway ? 
  and what 's more , you 're not even going to try to find out where any possible errors are ... 
  how strange is it that i 'm already subscribed to this ? 
  but the thing is dclauzel is an excellent moderator even if you ignore his english abilities ( which are fine imho ) . 
  maybe there are some better english speakers out there from france , but we did n't pick him because he was from france and we did n't pick any of our mods based on their english ability . 
  we said a ) are they good mods and b ) can they communicate effectively , and the answer to both of those questions is a resounding yes . 
  clauzel is an incredibly committed , hard working individual who 's highly computer literate ( he was a huge asset in the visual redesign of the subreddit ) and * on top of all that * he has a sense of humour and positivity which he brings to everything he does . 
  he was also incredibly well known and well liked in this subreddit . 
  if you can find somebody else who has all of these qualities , then tell 'em to apply , because , there certainly were n't any others like that in the round dclauzel applied in . 
  additionally : we do n't want this subreddit to be run or used exclusively by those who have the most 100 % perfect grasp of english . 
  that limits our usership . 
  it 's ok to not be 100 % perfect . 
  you have to be able to get your point across , but we do n't want to close ourselves off from potentially incredibly good mods and incredibly good users by saying `` no !, 
  you must be at least c2 level of fluency '' or something . 
  because that just sends all sorts of good people away . 
  for me , when i am with a person , with whom i share two languages , like for example english and french or englisch and german , we can separate the languages very easily . 
  but when i am with a person , with whom i share three languages ( e.g. 
  english , french * and * german ) then the i suddenly ca n't handle it anymore and all of the languages mix with each other !, 
  from now on i have to be very strict and say that we need to pick one language and than speak only in this individual language . 
  * one of us . 
  one of us . 
  one of us *, 
  yes . 
  it 's no austrian german ;d anyway : i am no german native speaker . 
  it 's obvious that when one can write in their native language , one can also write in a foreign language . 
  if you see mistakes , then i would be happy for you to correct me  ^ ( ^ ( * especially with austrian dialect * ) ^ ) -- * gru\u00df gott . 
  just an fyi : most of the people complaining are n't british ( or even american ) . 
  i think the monolingual british find the idea white novel . 
  it 's a whole assortment of people , but i still do n't quite understand why they 're angry and i think they 're still are n't that many of them . 
  germanic languages are obviously actually the most superior!the french and the catalans live in the past of the roman empire . 
  germany and england are current/modern , and therefore berlin is the political capital of europe and london is the biggest capital of europe , and in every instance it is neither paris nor barcelona !, 
  please write in bulgarian too !, 
  there are always people who are interested in your language . 
  for example i am getting to know the slavic letters and therefore your comments are a bit useful for me although i am not learning bulgarian directly . 
  * bravo . 
  this only locks a bad google translate translation in english *, 
  * for all i care , when he posts in french , it 's all the same to me . 
  i have him ignored anyway . 
  but it simply disturbs me , that he continues with that even as a moderator , especially in the megathread . 
  regarding the zt , it is unfathomable stupid stupidity of the type which comes from him . 
  long discussions ; no sense at all : you are completely right . 
  * it has n't meant for a long time , simply because he always posts on / r/europe , that he will be a good moderator . 
  it is now happily clear to everyone that the whole thing with french is only there in order to annoy us and to show us that he 's different and that he has a special status . 
  how would it be with a survey , to see who still wants to see him here ? 
  yeah i 'm only a b2 speaker of german . 
  i thought that any translation would be better than non . 
  i was just translating to aid other non-german speakers . 
  i figured that you put the mistakes in their deliberately to stop google translate from working . 
  i have a lot against what you say , but i felt as though i should put it in a different comment to the translation . 
  thank you , that means a lot  being told every so often that we 're doing a good job at all really makes a world of difference . 
  do n't need a reputation . 
  when we added mods the last time , only one of them was a significantly known character . 
  we searched through the comment histories to gauge character and looked into other experience . 
  next time we 're looking for mods , apply , even if you do n't think you 'll get in . 
  and if the community is going to threaten to push me off a skyscraper for making a slight mistake , then i might as well just resign now . 
  i 'm not okay operating with that kind of stress , and i 've historically been considered one of the better mods . 
  * that is of course completely ok , but please chuck this dclauzel out , whose french agenda is completely incomprehensible , not only to me . 
  and it is simply miserable that the megathreads are n't exclusively in english anymore . 
  and am writing this knowingly in german , because the you moderators are clearly shitting on a unified language . 
  * ----- you could have at least not put in so many spelling mistakes !, 
  that 's already the case . 
  we have a set of rules in the sidebar . 
  if a moderator does something which is against those rules or not in accordance with them , then you can tell us and we 'll have to back track . 
  we * do * do that . 
  you can question any of our decisions through mod mail and we will respond and explain why we did what we did . 
  there 's also a subreddit you can go to to check every thing we 've removed . 
  people just do n't look . 
  communication goes two ways . 
  we 've done about as much as we can . 
  we need the community to bridge their side of the gap . 
  there are a lot of rising liberals within texas , partly thanks to the large latino population , but whenever there 's a state wide election , they vote for crazy people like ted cruz as their senator , or george w. bush as their governor . 
  agreed . 
  because most good moderators do n't apply because of all the death threats and hate mail . 
  maybe if people treated moderators nicely when they 've earned it , and were understanding when they make mistakes , then maybe we 'd get better moderators . 
  but nope . 
  it 's not just / r/european . 
  / r/european actually only very rarely brigade . 
  it 's mostly websites like stormfront , which are outside reddit , who actively target subreddits . 
  we 're a big choosy target for a lot of groups because they know that anti-immigration tendencies exist here and that the moderation team is trying to provide a generally free speech environment . 
  so we have to do this horrible balancing act . 
  there 's already a subreddit for that called unitednationsofreddit or something which monitors all removals . 
  when i remember the name i 'll link it to you . 
  we 're actually * extremely * transparent in what we do . 
  you can look up virtually every decision which has been made and question every decision . 
  it 's just that doing so would require * a lot * of time because there 's a lot of information and therefore nobody bothers . 
  this means people start coming up with conspiracy theories about rogue mods which just are n't true . 
  it 's a simple idea , but it 's not true, 
  99 % of the users would not be good moderators . 
  i 'm sure all of them are good at something .
