  also , what seriously is the benefit over a `` european '' baby than any other type of baby ? 
  i could understand you personally having a connection to your own child , but not to a child of any of random person who happens to have ancestors who 've lived on the same part of this round rock for a long time . 
  well , we could have people migrate from green countries to red ones , then integrate them into our own culture . 
  those no reason for those who follow our culture to be descendants of us . 
  if people do n't want to have kids , then we should n't force them to . 
  the planet already ca n't sustain such high levels of consumption from so many people, 
  of course you 're correct . 
  i should have used the term ` national languages ' rather than local . 
  i love the * cheaky girls * lettering which comes across the screen at several points , especially the way it uses the same font and style as the telitubbies, 
  europe ( quite continent of over 500,000,000 people ) is doomed because of migrants coming from places like syria , afghanistan and eritrea , all of which are smaller than 18,000,000 . 
  but not only is europe doomed , but the whole of asia and south america !, 
  never mind the fact the numbers of refugees we had in wwii was much much , much higher than not only are in europe at the moment , but world wide . 
  last time i checked europe did n't stop existing in 1945 and t be refugees were n't event considered much of an issue . 
  there 's plenty of other crises to point to as well , like the exodus of the exodus of the belgians in world war one , or the exodus of the vietnamese boat people . 
  the european population is larger and richer than it has ever been and yet we 're making such bold statesman about numbers which are smaller than before . 
  it just does n't add up, 
  it 's weird . 
  there 's a lot of good ideas in there about strengthening the eu 's external borders , and distributing the refugees according to blame for the creation of the crisis and obviously this world quota system - but then they have some statements which are absolutely stupid in there as well , like opposing the european quota , building a wall and implying that europe is bearing the brunt of the refugee crisis ( which is just objectively false ( lebanon , jordon and turkey are ) . 
  those are the local languages , however all of them will have some significant knowledge of arabic because all muslims learn passages of the koran written in arabic . 
  it 'd still make more sense to have a variety of translations available for all the various legitimate refugees which are likely to arrive . 
  that 's not true . 
  there 's a variety opinion within the team but the majority view is that there is brigading but that it 's insignificant . 
  we get about 10 to 20 alternative accounts every week that are shadow banned . 
  those are just the ones we catch too . 
  but in comparison to the 1,000 new users we get per day it 's not that significant . 
  it can be okay , but it never makes it better to add both , so there 's really not much point in ever doing it unless you 're doing some weird fringe dish . 
  on a different note : i 've been excited to post my sushi making experiences . 
  i got pictures and everything but i 've been too busy to upload them :( i 'm also not sure if suhsi counts . 
  it 's not exactly european cuisine , but then it is cuisine in europe ... 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  it 's basically the nemesis of salt . 
  it 's an excellent seasoning which can be added to almost anything to improve the taste ( well , unless you 're like a restaurant chef ) but you can never add both because they cancel each other out or ruin it . 
  and some things go better with salt than lemon and visa versa . 
  there 's also some science to which is better to use . 
  iirc more fatty foods go well with salt where as less fatty is good with lemon ( generally speaking - there 's like a billion exceptions ) . 
  / r/frugal _ jerk is leaking, 
  i will very much give you that . 
  that 's the truth . 
  if you want to see conspiracy then you 're very welcome , but you 're seeing something that 's not there . 
  sometimes , the truth is boring and undramatic . 
  sorry , but the reality is boring . 
  hjongoldrake won on his own merits , nothing less nothing more . 
  -- and i wo n't change my mind based on you regurgitating old criticisms because i already read and quantified all the criticism . 
  i read every single comment in all the threads . 
  i read each argument , as most of my co mods did . 
  at the end of the day , the criticism was nowhere near significant enough to outweigh their merits . 
  again , i know it 's boring , but that 's the truth of it . 
   i have never brought up him being left wing - this is a straw man it actually is n't . 
  most of the complaints , if not all of them , were about his political views . 
  i was simply addressing those complains and saying that , as a complaint , they 're insubstantial . 
  the `` bullying '' thing is also a total fabrication as far as i can see . 
  someone was criticising him for doing point by point rebuttals . 
  that 's not bullying , that 's just a very formal way of debating and getting to the truth or otherwise of an issue . 
  the worst you could say about it is that it is pedantic , but it , nor any other aspect of their personality , is bullying . 
  this feeds into my overriding response to the criticism , which is that it is insubstantial . 
   as for the `` promise '' , if a mod tells me `` we are getting new mods , hope you 'll be one of them '' reading between the lines can only mean `` apply and you are in '' . 
  so , you 're saying that you inferred the promise ? 
  you 're saying that the promise was n't there but that you are * assuming * that it is there . 
  you admit yourself there is no proof in this statement and that the only way you can interpret what i said as a promise is by reading things * which are n't there * . 
  -- if you do n't like him on a personal level , or you do n't like his political views , then just say so . 
  do n't try and invent some conspiracy that is n't there . 
  i failed to see how that 's a promise . 
  i did hope that he would be one of them . 
  i still expected him to go through all the same procedures as every other candidate and to be judged against the same criteria as everybody else , and in all categories they did very well . 
  even during the short list/crowd sourcing of information stage the only information that users could find against him was that he was left wing - a position he has been open about . 
  and we do n't particularly consider their political views relevant to moderation because moderation is not a political job , but a technical one . 
  if somebody is the best candidate for the job then we 're not going to discriminate against them on the grounds that they 're left wing . 
  i 'm sure you 'd feel the same if hjongoldrake was on the right of the political spectrum instead of the left . 
  -- i hope this answers your questions, 
  apart from we do n't allow refugees to work . 
  if we allowed them to work it would be fine in my opinion . 
  it would aid cultural integration and also solve our demographics issue because most migrants are younger than the average of the countries they 're seeking asylum in . 
  i 'm kind of busy these last few days so ca n't give an in detail response , but no i did n't . 
  where did i ever promise anybody a spot ? 
  i do personally like them and think they were and are a good candidate and most of the other mods did agree , but we never promised them a spot . 
  it 's not within my power to make such promises . 
  that sounds disgusting . 
  ... so do you like , smoothie them or ? 
  to be fair , it 's almost impossible to get the british lib dems to sit down and figure out how they 'd run the country without fist fights . 
  they 're already a merger between the british social democratic party ( centrists with socialist origins ) and the british liberal party and their merger took forever . 
  they 've also at times been to the left of our labour party ( s&d / pes ) which is obviously nothing like their parent parties ' positions in the european parliament, 
  to be fair , the irish unilateral declaration of independence led to quite a horrific civil war which the irish lost , after which they had * another * civil war which they eventually won . 
  so they killed a whole bunch of people on both sides , damaged their infrastructure , lost northern ireland * and * had to wait for a few years to get independence . 
  really , it 's not such a great role model . 
  scotland planned to phase it 's independence out over at least a year iirc and catalonia could probably do with a longer time frame considering the worse legal implications ( madrid wo n't support udi where as westminster would have ) . 
  \u00a1 no pegues por favor !, 
  ( no me pegas por favor ), 
  ( soy estudiante de espa\u00f1ol - i 'll get there in time ), 
  there 's being very religious - and then there 's supporting violent jihad and other such things . 
  i 've not really got a problem with ardent muslims , nor ardent christians for that matter , but i have a problem on people using those beliefs to justify breaking the moral and legal law of the land . 
   asians and europeans believe in different values that have been inprinted upon them from birth ( that is a fact , so no need to pull the race card ) racism is a fact now , is it ? 
  i find being a supporter of violent islamic extremism ( or any extremist , violent ideology ) correlates very strongly with being a dick . 
  i 'd even say that being one is a necessary component of the other, 
  perhaps it 's too respectful ? 
  i could imagine that if the assistant was an islamist recruiter or something ( or perhaps just a bit of a radical ) that they would want to instil the idea that kuffars ( non believers ) are somehow undeserving of proper greetings . 
  this is just my guess work though, 
  [ does the fuk party count as a political view ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rmvsc1sxmq ), 
  to be fair , i do n't think the walls ever intended to reduce migration to 0 , but instead simply to reduce it . 
  for instance , between 1945-61 emigration between east and west germany was around 4 million people ( note : this includes people migrating from anywhere in europe who passed through the two germanies ) .
