  you know the most sovereign country on the planet is north korea . 
  it does n't do them a lot of good . 
  actually , we should be having the debate on what the eu is * now * . 
  there was a lot of legislation passed in the uk , as well as in other countries , which will trigger another referendum if more powers are passed from national parliaments to the eu , and david cameron also secured a renegotiation which would ensure the eurozone ca n't integrated further without approval from non-eurozone states . 
  what this means is that we do n't need to worry about what the eu will become , because if the eu changes then we will have the debate again . 
  the question we need to have * now * is about if we 're better off in the eu * now * . 
  that 's cool with me . 
  i do n't limit myself to either gender , 
  huuuuuh no ... 
  this is a really shitty thing to do . 
  there are millions of refugees from syria , as well as millions more internally displaced people . 
  the level of horrific violence , torture and death is just immense . 
  what putin has done is * prolong * the war , by ensuring no side can win easily . 
  afghanistan and iraq may be shit , but they 're a damn sight better than syria and they 're a damn sight better than they would be if there had been no nation building efforts . 
  i ca n't say with any certainty that any individual will grow up to have any particular set of beliefs . 
  however , it 's pretty easy to look at vast quantities of individuals and make general statements . 
  those generalised statements ( like ` x % of the several million children who will be born this year will be believe y ' ) generally turn out to be quite accurate . 
  maybe there will be a few percentage points on either side , but a  90 % accuracy is pretty good . 
  well , there is some ability to predict it . 
  for instance , the greatest indicator for what a baby will believe when it grows up is what its parents believe . 
  so if you look at birth statistics and and infant mortality rates you can make a pretty good global estimate . 
  for instance , islam is the fastest growing religion on the planet ( faster than atheism , too ) due to recent advances in child welfare in many islamic countries . 
  previously , the infant mortality rate was so high that families had to have large amounts of children to ensure that some would survive ( this is still the case in many countries ) , but now in many islamic countries the infant mortality rate has significantly improved but the cultural norms around reproduction have n't changed . 
  so families are still having huge amounts of children but now they are all living and growing up . 
  and because these families are islamic , the children * generally * are as well . 
  this leads to a global rise in islam . 
  we can also chart this onto countries which are going to lower the infant mortality rate in future due to rising economic development , and observe what the dominant religion is and make estimations about what this will mean for the global numbers of adherents to particular religions . 
  estimations are entirely possible !, 
  what 's up with that by the way ? 
  it does n't make any sense to me as an outsider that bw is so green . 
  like , they 're a * very * rich bundesland ( second richest after bavaria , iirc ? ), 
  and they are very catholic . 
  that 's a recipe for cdu dominance . 
  bavaria is demographically very similar , and they 're just about the most right wing state in germany . 
  the cdu do n't even stand there and instead the more extreme csu do . 
  so , what the hell ? 
  to be fair , i do n't see anything wrong with being green and pragmatic . 
  the central focus of the ecological movement ( the prevention of * mass * climate change by reducing emissions to sustainable levels ) is a pretty pragmatic objective if you ask me , especially when you compare it to other parties which seem to believe that you can have * infinite * growth on a * finite * planet . 
  how so ? 
  out of interest , what are the give-aways ? 
  -- i can assure you it 's largely luck . 
  you should see some of the other sentences i 've written on reddit . 
  i 'll write something great , get a response , reply to that quickly and find that it is so badly written most people can hardly understand it !, 
  * he is likely a canadian in germany because he voted in the * local * election last week . 
  if he were a german in canada then he would n't have participated in the election because nobody cares about local elections when you 're thousands of miles away . 
  i do n't know if you can vote in local elections if you do n't live in the area , but i would presume not . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ^ ( * rule britannia , britannia rules the waves * ), 
  but dilma russeff says she knows absolutely nothing about that corruption which was going on at the national oil company whilst she was in charge . 
  nothing at all . 
  there 's nothing suspicious about that !, 
  hmm , that 's interesting . 
  that 's supposed to be one of the most left leaning states ( it 's currently got a progressive alliance between the left , greens and social democrats , and is the only state where the left control the first ministership ) . 
  it 'd make sense for th\u00fcringen to have the lowest level of ausl\u00e4nderfeindlichkeit . 
  the ecr has literally nothing to do with merkel . 
  [ see my comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49k89e/ecr_group_kicks_out_afd_german_farright_meps/d0sq6a1 ) . 
  merkel 's party is represented by the epp ( european people 's party ) in the european parliament , not the ecr . 
  apart from the ecr ( european conservatives and reformists ) has nothing to do with the german government . 
  the ecr is a group of representatives in the european parliament , and the afd was the only member of that group from germany . 
  in fact , the ecr is dominated by the ruling parties in poland and the uk ( the conservatives and pis ) . 
  if anything this is the british and polish conservatives trying to delegitimise afd ( or at least disassociate from afd ) because [ afd has become insanely racist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q--dtvaso9y ), 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure they 're more far right than ukip . 
  i was reading in faz and elsewhere how the leader of the party was utilising national socialist typed language to talk about migrants . 
  that 's something that ukip would never do , but the british national party ( now defunct ) would . 
  it depends on what agreement the uk comes to on freedom of movement post brexit . 
  if the uk agrees to have freedom of movement it 'll be fine . 
  if they reject freedom of movement , and ireland wants to keep it ( which i assume they will ) , then there will need to be border checks between northern ireland and the republic of ireland , in order to deal with the different immigration policies . 
  is it that expensive ? 
  okay , you see , this is an argument i can work with , which has substance . 
  because you 're actually engaging with what i said and the weaknesses of my argument ( rather than just lumping me in wth all british people and saying ` lolzies ' ) . 
  first of all : i would like to say that i particularly agree with you . 
  the uk is not blame free . 
  the uk appeased for too long . 
  what 's more , i think we should be blamed for other things which were going on at the same time , such as the famine in india . 
  so o agree with you that the uk is not blame free . 
  -- now , i still think there is a difference in shame between being continuously neutral throughout the entire war ( especially once the atrocities started being known ) and starting to fight continuously for 5 years . 
  i agree that ireland 's shame is no where near the level of say , germany 's . 
  but i think that is also higher than the level of the u.k. 's . 
  -- this all ties into the original question which got asked about whether there was any european country which did not collaborate with the nazis and my resounding answer is : te uk . 
  yup . 
  that 's what i said . 
  they stood idly by and allowed hitler to conquer europe and expunge it 's jewish population . 
  that 's what being neutral means . 
  all that is necessary for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing . 
  it 's still ridiculous . 
  the trained and armed soldiers of the army are precisely the ones who could have made a difference . 
  yes , it was because of desertion that they were punished . 
  but it 's ridiculous that they were punished at all for taking up a fight against literally the worst tyrannt in human history . 
  again , you 're caricaturing what i said . 
  i did n't throw the book at the irish . 
  what i said was that the uk and greece 's roles in wwii were unique . 
  this is not a controversial statement to make . 
  the second world war would not have been won without the uk ( or the ussr or usa for that matter ; all tree were essential ) . 
  now , in order to help illustrate that point i compared it to other nations ' responses , including ireland . 
  all other european nations were either collaborators , neutral ( ergo , tacit acceptance ) , or defeated ( and collaborated after being defeated ) . 
  -- and yes , you absolutely were pigeon holing . 
  and your comment just now is even further evidence of that . 
   `` to state that brits hardly ever shut up about wwii is n't exactly an untrue statement '' why the hell does me being british matter ? 
  you 're just lumping me in with a stereotype of british people which is unrepresentative . 
  look at my comment history .
