  i 've always hated the idea of leaving properties empty whilst there are homeless people . 
  if it 's somebody 's home then i can sort of understand , but if it 's a business ( small or large ) then there 's just no excuse . 
  there 's no emotionally value attracted to it and it is used exclusively for a purpose . 
  if you 're not using it to make money ( but are in fact just owning it in order to wait for the value to increase ) then it 's going to waste and should be put to good humanitarian use , as it 's certainly serving no economic use . 
  the free market exists to raise human living standards , but even the most ardent economists will tell you that there are problems with it ( [ the tragedy of the commons is something they teach you in your first few economics classes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) ) and that sometimes , like here , there are legitimate reasons for market intervention . 
  this is one of those times . 
  edit : if you 're going to downvote , at least tell me why . 
  i 'd like to further my own understanding, 
  you 're aware this is actually quite common in western countries ? 
  in the uk they 're called forced purchase orders , but you actually get a pretty good pay out . 
  it 's necessary sometimes to use them if you 've got some huge infrastructure project . 
  for instance , in the uk there 's a proposed project called high speed two which will extent the channel tunnel euro star service all the way up to birmingham and sheffield . 
  it 's going to require a fair few houses and businesses to move . 
  obviously the route should be changed when and where possible , but often it is n't possible , which is when they use forced purchase orders . 
  so it 's not really exclusively a ussr thing . 
  they serve a very distinct purpose around the world , especially in the developed western european countries . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  please , stop . 
  it hurts on so many different levels edit : rip my inbox and my brain . 
  im getting fluent in german and french one sentence at a time !, 
  i was considering doing my ordinary comments in dual languages again ( i tried doing it english then german for a while but out of the habit - my french is n't good enough to even try ) . 
  i just ca n't please you people can i !? 
  standards of living in uk vs. usa are basically the same . 
  the money that you do n't get paid just goes to stuff you 'd have to buy anyway , like healthcare or roads, 
  well for a start all european citizens have the right to attend university in any other eu country as though they were a national . 
  you can normally look at a lot of very good rankings on a country by country basis but it 's weird that it does n't exist for the eu or europe seeing as this is one of those ways in which the eu has become very country like . 
  source ? 
  ron paul calling hnigel farage a friend somehow made me like him * even less * than i already did, 
  it 's certainly unique . 
  i did my history a-level ^ 1 on the tudors and particularly the [ english reformation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_reformation ) . 
  the english reformation was the process where [ king henry viii ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/07/workshop_of_hans_holbein_the_younger_-_portrait_of_henry_viii_-_google_art_project.jpg ) basically used parliament to separate england from the reaches of the catholic church completely , and recreate it for just england with himself as the supreme ruler . 
  it 's because of this today that [ queen elizabeth ] ( http://www.topnews.in/law/files/queen-elizabeth_1.jpg ) ii is not only head of state in the uk , but also governor of the church of england , which is also interesting , because it means that the uk government is intertwined with the church of england . 
  it also means that if a member of the royal family ever becomes catholic , then they become legally dead and are barred from ever inheriting the throne . 
  it 's also incredibly significant because the way henry viii broke with rome ( which is where the catholic church was and is based ) was by using parliament to pass legislation . 
  this was the point at which parliament started to become a serious instrument which was * omnicompetent * ^ 2 . 
  from then on , parliament suddenly started to accumulate more and more power and very quickly began chooses who the monarchs would be . 
  it 's really this moment in english history ( 1532 onwards ) which set it significantly apart from the rest of europe and set it on the course it 's still on today . 
  the english reformation radically changed governance in the country , and even way ordinary people lived their lives . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this is the moment where modern english history , distinct from its mediaeval past , begins . 
  1 ^ ( last to years of education prior to university , which make up one third of all the learning you do ) 2 ^ ( able to legislate on * anything * it chooses , rather than simply granting new taxes , which is most of what it did previously ), 
   the battle was the most decisive naval victory of the war . 
  twenty-seven british ships of the line led by admiral lord nelson aboard hms victory defeated thirty-three french and spanish ships of the line under french admiral pierre-charles villeneuve in the atlantic off the southwest coast of spain , just west of cape trafalgar , in ca\u00f1os de meca . 
  the franco-spanish fleet lost twenty-two ships , without a single british vessel being lost . 
  -  following the battle , the royal navy was never again seriously challenged by the french fleet in a large-scale engagement . 
  napoleon had already abandoned his plans of invasion before the battle and they were never revived . 
  [ battle of trafalgar 1805 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_trafalgar ) bffs 4eva < $ 3 $  also led to the creation of [ trafalgar square ] ( http://architecture.org.nz/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/trafalgar_square.jpg ) which is the central point for all of london ( it literally is - if you see a sign which says ' x miles to london ' then it means ' x miles ' till the middle of that roundabout you can see in the picture ) . 
  -- also , do n't forget the [ battle of boulogne ] ( https://goo.gl/1bgz1p ) in the 1540s where we expanded our holdings in europe to include not just calais , but also the totally , super amazing city of boulogne . 
  just because laissez-faire liberals ( which is essentially what you mean by corporatist ) support something does n't mean that environmentalists ca n't also support it . 
  the free market and capitalism are * great * ideas . 
  they 're some of the most brilliant human inventions ever . 
  they are wonderfully efficient for matching up individual humans with the products and services they most desire . 
  but i do n't think it is 100 % perfect , nor do i think it should be the only thing which we use to measure our worth . 
  it needs to be tempered and regulated to avoid its worst excesses of environmental degradation , worker exploitation , monopolistic market distortions , and financial crashes . 
  the free market and capitalism are fundamentally good ideas . 
  they just need to be reworked . 
  i have no problem calling myself an environmentalist and saying that . 
  i have no problem having a nuanced view on capitalism and environmentalism . 
  in fact , i would say having a nuanced view is necessary . 
  we 're not gon na solve these crises by standing on a podium and preaching to the quire . 
  we need to convince people and compromise where necessary to ensure the best outcome . 
  i see no problem with immigration . 
  i believe it helps us both economically and often culturally , and enriches the lives of the migrants themselves . 
  i also view taking in legitimate refugees as a moral good , which it is . 
  yes , immigration drives down wages , which is why we need an active welfare state to support those in work , because the free market ca n't do it by itself , which it has proved time and time again . 
  last time i checked 50 % of the uk population is in receipt of some form of welfare , whilst only 5 % of the uk population is unemployed . 
  i see no problem with the state supporting not only a basic standard of living but a good standard of living which we are all entitled to , whilst allowing the fundamental tenets of capitalism to function , providing us with the best quality products and services at the lowest price . 
  we can achieve all of this . 
  we can have market capitalism , environmental protection and fair pay for workers . 
  it 's all possible if you take a nuanced position and do not denounce policies simply because somebody you do n't like supports them . 
  that is the way we solve our demographic crisis , and our environmental crisis and it is how we raise workers ' standards and consumer standards . 
  it 's all done through pragmatism . 
  automation will limit the need for labour in a lot of ways . 
  i 'm a big advocate of further mechanisation in the world place because i believe the need to have a job is just part of this growthist world view that we have . 
  a lot of jobs are artificially created by government anyway as a means to stimulate economic growth . 
  but the thing is , i think you 're under estimating just how bad the demographic crisis is . 
  caring for the elderly is * not * something which will be automated in the next 50 years . 
  it necessarily requires human contact . 
  you ca n't just leave all the old people in a home by themselves staffed by robots . 
  and that 's without considering that in europe we have * huge * labour shortages in some parts of europe , whilst we have unemployment in others . 
  and we also have a lot of demand for new employees with certain skills in areas with high unemployment . 
  and there 's also a lot of jobs that many europeans just refuse to do . 
  it 's not as simple as more labourers = more unemployed people . 
  labourers are n't all the same . 
  they have different skill sets and work in different places . 
  that 's why it 's called a labour market . 
  not just one good is sold there . 
  it 's a whole variety of different skill sets , locations , willingnesses and so on . 
  migrants from abroad will be able to fill most of these positions ( especially if we have this european quota system which links the number of migrants to the unemployment level , amongst other metrics ) because they are much more flexible and much more willing to do worse jobs than europeans . 
  in the mean time we do need to prepare for a post labour and a post growth economy , but for the next 50 years the emphasis is really on climate change and the demographic crisis , as the mass proliferation of automation will not be here quick enough to deal with either of those problems . 
   we have too many people trying to live unsustainable lifestyles ; we need more people living like third worlders and less like first worlders . 
  that 's actually not quite true . 
  we 'd be able to stop the planet from heating up by 2 degrees celcius ( at which point climate change gets `` locked '' in ) by reverting to the same levels of consumption we had in the 1970s . 
  the 70s were n't great , but they were n't exactly starving-in-ethopia bad either . 
  and living standards would actually be significantly higher than in the 70s considering consumption actually only plays a very small part in somebody 's overall well being . 
  even if we were to go through with this ( which i believe we should ) we 'd still need migrants as our population ages and does not replenish itself completely , leading to more old people and pensioners than young generations who care for them . 
  i think that it would be unfair not to care for older people or to stop them from retiring , because i 'm not saying that what we would have to do is unreasonable or ridiculous . 
  it 's entirely feasible . 
  it 's silly that we believe that endless consumption ca n't be stopped yet the destruction of the planet is something we 're already achieving . 
   we force the purple country to have less you want to force other sovereign countries to lower their birthrate ? ... 
  how ?
