  there 's also an argument that hitler was a great elected leader , given the large share of the vote he legitimately achieved and there are various indian leaders who 've done great things domestically for their country whilst being elected . 
  i would n't say it was photoshopped . 
  more that it was visually enhanced or accentuated . 
  shopped implies that it 's been changed in some sort of extreme way , like adding people into a picture who were n't there , but this is just really intense filters . 
  it 's borderline photoshopped with that level of visual enhancement , but it 's definitely on the enhancement rather the photoshopped side . 
  oh my god , i 'm gon na have to send this to a few people, 
  i always thought north wales to dublin was a really good idea . 
  that way we could extend the eurotunnel connection through london , to birmingham , wales and then all the way through to dublin and have a direct connection to between metropolitan centre of ireland and the continent . 
  i do n't think the nuclear non-pluriferation treaty or the nuclear weapons treaty allow for the creation of more nuclear war heads , but they do allow for successor states to inherit the already existing arsenal e.g. 
  the collapse of the soviet union . 
  it would be unprecedented for a successor state to be larger than its predecessor state , though . 
  the nuclear arsenal that already exists in the uk and france would definitely be enough for an active nuclear deterrent . 
  they would n't even need to be redeployed . 
  the uk 's submarine based system , whereby there is constantly a nuclear armed submarine or two at sea at any time , capable of retaliating to a nuclear strike , would be able to detour any actor from striking the eu , if those weapons were under direct eu control . 
  if the gave up their sovereignty officially to the eu , then i think so . 
  the eu would be treated as a successor state to the uk and france , and therefor the eu would inherit the nuclear weapons . 
  there is a president for this , it 's just that usually it involves the successor state becoming smaller , not larger . 
  for instance , when the ussr dissolved it did n't mean that no successor states were able to have nuclear weapons . 
  russia inherited the unsc seat and the right to wield nuclear arms . 
  however , no new nuclear weapons would be allowed to be created , only the redeployment of existing arms , as per the prescriptions of the nuclear non-pluriferation treaty which prescribes that , well , states that have nuclear weapons should not continue improving them or increasing their number , and states which don ; t already have nuclear weapons should n't get nuclear weapons . 
  i think most people view britain in the same way that americans view texas . 
  in certain situations people will make exceptions for texas/britain because it has a very strong individual identity , but believe fundamentally that we are all americans/europeans together , even if some within texas/britain would like to think otherwise . 
  for instance i think of myself as a european and view britain as inherently part of europe and the british people as european and any accolade that any part of britain gets , i consider to be something worth being proud of as a european , rather than as a british person . 
  on the second point , there 's been a lot of progress on the eu 's foreign policy and military competencies in recent years . 
  for instance the european external action service , which baroness ashton is head of , is basically the foreign office of the eu and only came into force in 2009 !, 
  so the eu is finally carving out some sort of foreign policy capabilities/competencies which are essential for in order to have military capabilities ( you ca n't lead an army if you 've got no use for them ) . 
  additionally , there 's the euro battle groups , which came into effect in 2007 , which also demonstrate the eu recently gaining competencies in that area . 
  as a result of this , ashton has been playing a pivotal role in lots of international negotiations , not just in ukraine , but also , for instance , on the iranian nuclear crisis . 
  it could be an uphill struggle for the eu to gain more competencies given the change in public opinion since the financial crisis , but sikorski is probably one of the best potential commission presidents to make progress in that area and to make effective use of the tools already at his disposal . 
  shank him in the eye !, 
   better weather than rome : \u2611 now what ? 
  you made the video ? 
  yeah , he 's referring to everything east of the eu/ec as basically ` russialand ' but it includes other communist countries like yugoslavia and albania which * were not aligned with the ussr * . 
  he 's making huge sweeping generalisations . 
  sometimes generalisations can be useful , but i think in this case they are just so egregious i ca n't see the value in this explanation . 
  there 's no such thing as an objective truth , but then there 's not even trying to acknowledge the huge lack of consensus on the point of view your putting forward . 
  i broadly agree with the interpretation , but that does n't stop it from being an awful explanation of events . 
  out of curiosity , how does one actually get to see the privy council in session ? 
  i was under the impression that it was extremely secretive and more about advising the queen than any kind of observable debate or judicial function . 
  i 'll definitely give the supreme court a look or force whoever i am going with to look at it with me next time i 'm in the area , 
  i got to do a bit of work for eyp in the houses of parliament a couple of months ago and had an half an hour in between getting my lift home and the end of the event . 
  i walked around parliament square for a while , taking in all the statues . 
  walked up to the uk supreme court , wondered if i could go inside , worked up the courage and saw they had another bloody security station ( i was pretty terrified getting into portcullis house in the first place ) and decided not to . 
  i really regret not doing it . 
  i do n't know what was in there , but there was no where else within walking distance that i could enjoy ( * free of charge * ) . 
  i do n't know what i would have seen , but i know it would have been some pretty niche stuff and really given me something to talk about when i got home . 
  such a shame . 
  next time i 'm in the area i 'll force myself to rectify this mistake . 
  it 's pretty nice over here , not gon na lie . 
  i do n't think what i am proposing is a new system . 
  it 's simply a new attitude to the current system . 
  we 'd have elections like we do now , but instead of parties campaigning on specific issues most people are unlikely to ever become seriously knowledgable about , they would campaign with principles . 
  for instance , the uk conservative party would argue that we should have a slow and measured attitude to social change , because carrying on tradition is important to the unity of the nation . 
  they would also argue that a small state is necessary for economic growth to occur , and that social inequality is entirely appropriate because it is the individual 's responsibility to make his or her own way in life . 
  conversely , the labour party would argue that tradition and the unity of the nation are not top concerns , but instead we should be looking out for the wellbeing and social freedoms of all individuals . 
  they would each then further their reasons for believing what they believe and * maybe * at the end of it all , point out some implications of their ideologies . 
  for instance the conservatives would largely be against gay marriage because it does n't respect tradition and labour would further trade union rights , because they empower weak groups within society . 
  what happens currently is that they jump straight to talking about specific issues like gay marriage , minimum wages , union rights , the educational curriculum , the causes of crime , prisons , whether a specific act or other should be illegal , should we repeal the human rights act , ect . 
  they do n't talk , for instance , generally about human rights and whether we should have them or not , or enshrine them in law , or not . 
  they only talk about the positives and negatives of the echrs specifically . 
  in response to your point , i do n't think that this system would empower the elite in society any more than the system does currently . 
  i do think that the current elite have too much power and we should curtail it in other ways , but this attitude towards political discourse solves an entirely different problem . 
  it 's not been at 70 % in the uk since the major-kinnock election of 1992 , which i think was at 72 % turnout . 
  in 1997 it was sixty-something , then the worst turnout result ever , at 55 % in 2001 , and 61 % in 2005 , followed by 65 % in 2010 . 
  my conclusion from all this ( which i 've had to think a lot about because of politics exams ) is that there 's a group of people in society who vote , which makes up about 70 % or 80 % of the population who are politically active , but that the less choice they have in an election , the less of them vote . 
  for instance , in 1992 , ( major-kinnock ) it was a choice between thatcherite neo-liberal conservatism , or for a socialist party . 
  that 's quite a lot of contrast . 
  in 1997 ( blair-major ) , it blair had shifted the labour party to the right , to the point where it was effectively a progressive liberal party . 
  so the choice in 1997 was between conservative-neo-liberalism or progressive-liberalism . 
  by 2001 ( blair-hague ) , it was the same story , but the conservative candidate and the party at large was just appealing and did n't really offer an alternative , so interest dropped ( leading to that awful turnout result ) . 
  by 2005 ( blair-howard ) it was the same question again , but with a slightly less dumbfounded conservative party , so turnout went up above 60 % . 
  in 2010 ( cameron-brown ( - clegg ) ) there appeared to be the choice of a third party , more so than in other elections and the contrast between labour and the conservatives had marginally increased leading to the highest levels of turnout since 2001, 
  yeah , but it was unsurprisingly abysmal . 
  ukip , whilst not quite surprising , was still new and interesting , where as eu elections have had < 40 % turnout since they began in the 70s . 
  personally i think it could easily go either way in terms of whether its junker or schultz . 
  the ecr are never going to support the epp for commission president . 
  they did n't even provide a candidate for the commission themselves because they hate the idea so much . 
  additionally , even of the ecr did support the epp , that still would n't yield a majority and they 'd need almost a hundred more meps . 
  what i think might happen , is that the factions in the `` other '' category become increasingly important . 
  maybe parties like syriza could add support to the s/ds , enough to get the top job . 
   but then parties would actually have an interest to inform their electorate , rather than make stupid promises based on no facts i do n't see how forcing people to vote would make this happen . 
  if anything it would encourage them to campaign more on catchphrases than on content , because catch phrases and simple ideas reach more people than serious content does . 
  so the quality of political discourse would actually go down , not up . 
  well personally i 'm a fan of limiting politics to very simple questions . 
  for instance , i think that we should basically stop technical questions like `` how to fix the economy ? '', 
  or `` what sort of road signs should we have ? '', 
  `` should we have this free trade agreement , or that one ? '', 
  and instead make them about value judgements . 
  for instance `` should we have the death penalty ? '', 
  `` is a strong economy worth greater inequality ? '', 
  `` how should minorities be treated ? '', 
  and so on . 
  i think that democracy is an ** awful ** system for technical questions . 
  it 's substituting a small , and usually well educated , group of people 's opinions and giving it to a group of people who 's job is n't to be well informed on these issues and probably do n't have the time or money to become properly educated on all of the facets of a particular topic . 
  however , people are very good at making value judgements and they are the essence of democracy . 
  democracy is n't about substituting an individual 's stupidity for a crowd 's stupidity . 
  it 's about ensuring that people are governed in a way they think is ok . 
  it 's about all coming together and consenting to be governed by the same group . 
  people do n't care how to have a healthy economy ( well , economists and financiers do ) . 
  what they care about is that the economy is healthy !,
