  that was a ridiculous power grab which undermined western foreign police in the middle east . 
  there was also that stupid letter that a bunch of republican senators wrote to iran which undermined the very long series of negotiations that americans and europeans have been taking part in to try and solve the iranian nuclear crisis . 
  congress 's opinion on foreign policy should be ignored , becaus , quite frankly , they 're shit at it, 
  i was actually biased in favour of * keeping * the map , because it makes my languages skills look above average ( i speak four languages ) , 
  a ) delaying brain decay is a stupid reason because any sort of regular brain activity delays brain activity . 
  b ) thats not to say you should learn other languages . 
  there 's many great reasons to , such as : more employable ( even if you only speak a little bit , it helps ) , allows you to experience a new culture , meet new people from said culture , gain access to products you would not otherwise have access to ( i.e. 
  most cultural content in most languages is never translated into english ) , if you 're doin it properly then it 's very fun , it 's also polite to speak to foreigners in their own language if you 're visiting their country ( and by contrast , very impolite not to ) . 
  now , one might say that these reasons are n't good enough , but i ask you , what other use of your time has so many potential benefits ? 
  i think few others come anywhere near as lucrative as language learning source : british person who speaks german ( as a non native ) and is learning french and spanish . 
  hmm you 're right . 
  on my first examination i interpretted it as an advertisement rather than a source ( the `` find more here '' comment is consistent with advertising ) . 
  but it turns out t does eventually link to the eurobarometer survey . 
  this post has been removed because it has no source, 
  this submission has been removed for lacking a source . 
  it 's extremely likely that what you say is true , but people have also been known to lie on the internet and we do n't want / r/europe to become a vector for everybody 's hearsay and unfounded speculation . 
  kind regards , / u/slyratchet, 
  [ i never thought an opportunity to share this video would come , but it 's day of relevance has finally come ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmszpe-s4za ), 
  mod here , this submission has been removed pending a source . 
  this submission has been removed, 
  please post this to / r/europics instead, 
  this belongs in / r/europics, 
  this has been removed for editorialising, 
  pleas just post this as an ordinary link submission , not as a self post, 
  that would be an interesting idea . 
  / r/europe does n't have heavy moderation ? 
  tell that to the crazies who insist on sending me pms everyday ( i 'm an / r/europe mod ) . 
  beer , slivovitz and dirty porn, 
  there 's actually quite a few countries which are n't auto defaulted . 
  i think they 're uk , switzerland , russia and serbia and turkey . 
  and before you guy all announce the downfall of / r/europe , you 'll notice the mods have removed this for all the criticisms levelled here . 
  right wing parties tend to take for granted that human beings are unequal and that therefore some humans have more of a right to resources than others . 
  essentially , unequal living standards are justified . 
  inequality essentially means that the people at t be bottom a hard time which can be perceived as making.people 's lives worse . 
  this commitment to inherent human inequality is a cornerstone of both conservatism and neo-liberalism which together make up basically the entire right wing before you start getting into extremist ideologies fascism and anarcho capitalism . 
  i was n't trying to trying to draw equivalence between two religions . 
  i really do n't care for such a comparison . 
  i do n't know why you 're projecting some sort of christian hate onto me . 
  if you wan na argue about that , go somewhere else, 
  the only reason people use the wbc as the go to example is because they 're well known . 
  i could name drop christian terrorist groups in india and the horrific damage of christianity in africa , but people would n't recognise the names . 
  get off your high horse, 
  does it really ? 
  surely this planet has got enough people on it already without us straining it more, 
  i do sympathise with the companies ' , i just think that companies rights should be subservient to national rights ( for instance , the nation right to decide what 's best for its people ) , and if the ability to enforce those rights is exported abroad , then we could find that companies ' rights do come before nations ' rights, 
  there 's an interesting thing going on here in your second paragraph now . 
  it 's no longer about one group ( . muslims ) having a greater moral obligation than another ( non muslims ) , but about muslims being practically in a better position to moderate their communities than non muslims . 
  the reason i highlight this is because the entire time i 've been arguing , it 's been because i see muslims who do not intervene as essentially innocent . 
  in contrast , many people blame the entire muslim community for islamic terrorism simply by association , but also for their `` failure to condemn '' the actions . 
  so , i 'm in a position now where i can agree with you that muslims are practically in a better position than i am to moderate european islam , but i maintain my original position that they ca n't be blamed for not doing so any more than i can be . 
  the only difference is our audiences . 
   companies can sue and win only when ; ** the government expropriates their assets without fair compensation or ** ; the government acts in a discriminatory fashion to foreign companies ( favouring domestic companies over foreign ) or ; when the government acts ` in bad faith ' against a foreign company ( laws that disproportionately and with prejudice target foreign companies ) . 
  regardless , that only allows them to sue for financial compensation , and not necessarily successfully given companies only win a third of isds disputes . 
  it does n't give them any power over legislation . 
  the section highlighted is the bit that concerns me . 
  i feel incredibly uncomfortable seeding sovereignty on the issue of what is fair compensation to outside forces that we do n't necessarily have strong influence over . 
  i 'm not na\u00efve and i 'm aware that isds are n't literally the worst thing since hitler , however i do n't like the rights which companies are given under such free trade treaties . 
  they 're given the right to external redress of grievance if a national government nationalises something they have interests in . 
  i think that fundamentally the government should decide this , without financial penalty . 
  on a different note , you have some interesting arguments about reinforced accountability of national governments , but ( perhaps this is my bias because i come from a country without a codified constitution ) accountability should only be done by officials who are ultimately accountable to the local electorate . 
  if something outside is enforcing accountability inside , then it could equally exert a negative influence by creating faulty/biased judgements . 
  that sword always cuts two ways . 
  if the official is not accountable to the national parliament , then they are not accountable . 
  uhu , but does , say , a person of middle eastern original not have just as much of an obligation to stand up to petty work place racism as a white person ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing that the white person in an office has an obligation to stand up to the white racist , nor that the moderate muslim in the school yard has an obligation to correct the extremist . 
  what i am saying is that all humans have these obligations in equal measure . 
  i ( as an atheist , white european ) have an obligation to stand up to muslim hate preachers and the middle eastern muslim has an obligation to stand up to white racists . 
  we 're all human and we all have a duty to help our fellow beings by halting hate where we find it . 
  it does not matter in what form that hate comes , nor does it matter who we are . 
  it is a human obligation to stand up to other hateful humans . 
  the fact that i am different to somebody else does not diminish my obligation to oppose them . 
  it 's the whole reason everybody hates the investor-state dispute.system ( isds ) ( the international courts ) . 
  the courts would be able to determine if a national government had taken action which led to a company losing income . 
  if the courts are n't there , then they 'll just have to introduce another decision making procedure to mediate between companies and governments . 
  i want to ensure that the law is clear that governments can not be punished for intervention in the market . 
  edit : there 's also some more explanations here , although obviously partisan http://www.patients4nhs.org.uk/eu-us-free-trade-agreement-or-ttip/, 
  a ) we do n't `` need '' it , but it could be beneficial . 
  b ) there 's currently trade barriers between the eu and the usa , which consist either of differences in product standards ( e.g. 
  european eggs ca n't be sold in america because they have n't been washed and american eggs ca n't be sold in europe ecause they have been ) or import taxes on , well , imports . 
  if those trade barriers are removed more trade will happen which is better for everybody ( in theory ) because we all become richer . 
   it is up to the muslim community to stop this . 
  just like it 's up to christians to stop the westboro baptist church , or how it 's up to white people to quell white racist groups . 
  my point being , that neither white people nor christians have any more of an obligation to stop groups that associate with them than any other member of society . 
  if you 're a moderate muslim , why should you have to concern yourself with the actions of crazy people anymore than the rest of society ? 
  if you 're a moderate muslim , then you have no more obligation to halt islamic extremism than anybody else just like i , as a white person , have no more obligation to stop the bnp or ukip than any other white british person, 
  i still do n't know if i can acquiesce to it . 
  even if the courts are dropped , there 's still the demand that states pay fines if they start interfering in parts of the market they were n't interfering with before . 
  that 's what i do n't like about ttip . 
  if the courts are gone then it will be harder to enforce that part of the treaty , but it could still be enforced through other means . 
  i want that part of the treaty blocked entirely edit : why does everyone downvote / u/savannajeff ? 
  he 's articulating himself excellently and providing insight . 
  even if i disagree with him , at least do him t be courtesy of upvoting for his good talking points, 
  tl ; dr the social democrat ( s/d ) bloc in t be european parliament has rejected the trans atlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) if it were to allow these international courts which would be able to fine governments . 
  the ep parliament needs the support of the sd bloc to pass the ttip treaty . 
  when junker was appointed , he needed his own party , the epp ( european people 's party , conservatives ) , to work with the sd to have a majority and get him elected . 
  few of the other small party blocs will be interested in supporting the motion apart from maybe alde and the david cameron 's eurosceptic bloc . 
  the europe of freedom and direct democracy ( farage 's bloc ) usually abstain to everything , and the greens and communist blocs will vote against . 
  this means that a grand coalition between sd and the epp is basically the only way to get a majority and seeing as epp really likes it , sd are in a good position to bargain, 
  please provide a source . 
  this submission will be 're - approved after a source is provided .
