  did unemployment fall or did the government mask it by pushing young people into `` training programs '' like the irish government did ? 
  it sounds like poland did the right thing and firms under bidding on contracts are in the wrong . 
  unless i 'm missing something ? 
  or opera which uses blink engine with native front end . 
  everyone goes on about soft drinks but what about fruit drinks advertised as healthy but full of sugar . 
  i 'm not sure they are any better, 
  i drink loads of tea with milk , do n't gain weight from it as over course of a day , your talking about a cup or two of milk . 
  unlikely , they got the biggest military . 
  so people like to stay on their good side again once the crisis is over, 
  never , i rent so previously i 've had debt collectors for previous tenants call which is n't pleasant as they do n't believe you when you say they no longer live there . 
  i also had the door to door salesmen we get . 
  when i 'm at my parents house which is in rural area , no problem . 
  this and i imagine given the scenario , authors go there for inspiration etc. . . 
  what kind of technology rich ict environments are we talking about here . 
  what skills does each level represent ? 
  ireland will stop it , we are sending our entire air corps : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_aircraft_of_the_irish_air_corps, 
  :-) had a few pints by now , just joking common to remove some words/grammar for the irish , that 's wasted drinking time :-p, 
  yes but i 'm a busy man without the spare time for attention to detail like your good self . 
  few italians i met in college years ago cited this man and his government as reason why the emigrated to ireland . 
  it is sick that people will do this to their own country . 
  pfft would never happen if for no other reason than other euro countries worrying about being next . 
  portugal is a small country so more likely to get more help because relative to the entire european economy , it would be very little . 
  of course , if there are political corruption issues then those might need to be resolved before help is given . 
  i think if corruption issues are that big then be the catalyst required to start reforms to iron it out, 
  premium in beer terms usually means tastes like muck . 
  if it was really premium , they would n't have to tell you, 
  in ireland , we call stella the wife beaters beer, 
  i 'm picturing something like this http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xqrtdq_team-america-world-police-clip-eiffel-tower_shortfilms probably it is more like someone left a bag unattended ... 
  the irish love the polish . 
  they like father ted or some of them do at least . 
  we reject a return to violence , stabbings only from now on ... 
  it is n't silly , it has a talking shop or basically if you are elected you have no power so you can say what you like . 
  the guinness store house tour ends with a sky bar with 360 degree view of dublin and a free pint of guinness . 
  i think it is actually worth doing and a great tourist attraction especially given the importance of the guinness family to dublin historically . 
  best in europe might be a stretch though, 
  the eiffel tower does n't have a bar at the top, 
  funding problems ? 
  she has already told ireland we are n't doing enough , that is all she is capable of doing it seems . 
  that means you sir are invited to fight me if you have the balls . 
  get them in midlands from time to time, 
  tbf , our drivers licenses are peculiar . 
  anglo irish bank is basically a criminally wreckless bank . 
  what 's worse is the guy who owns the bank account is n't one of the people . 
  so the people who work for him who were instructed to break the law by their employer are going to jail . 
  break the law for the benefit of their boss as it is his account . 
  at least from what i heard on the radio that is the current scenario . 
  hyundai are fastest growing brand i think, 
  people that ca n't vote hit hardest by government austerity measures, 
  yes but in irelands case we have jobs bridge which its 50 euro on top of welfare but does n't guarantee a job at the end of the internship and is widely abused . 
  the irish contributed well to the economy by rebuilding the shit we blew up though . 
  things are improving but the figure is sugar coated by government work schemes and emigration, 
  next one is in ireland , we did n't bribe anyone ... 
  more and more the euro looks to fall apart . 
  who can sell further integration with what is happening in greece and continuing as is ca n't work either which leaves one option . 
  then they would pay at the next general election . 
  it wo n't though because germany ca n't sell that to its electorate . 
  ca n't even sell debt relief for a member on its knees . 
  imagine if someone suggested a transfer union, 
  or in ireland 's case , a republic since 1948 being asked to hand power to a foreign government will not go down well when we still have the disputes over northern ireland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_ireland_act_ i think we would be more likely to revert to the pound and join the common wealth . 
  i 'm sure nobody would oppose that or suggest their country should have more say than ours because they are bigger etc. . . then say oh this policy negatively effects ireland but that does n't matter because there are only 4 million of them which is small in euro wide terms . 
  so we can sacrifice their economy for the good of the big countries . 
  that is the problem with the euro having its own government . 
  at the moment , my politicians have an invested interest in keeping my economy sound if only so they can feather their own nests better from it . 
  a government in europe even if it is representative , can not offer my country such a situation because we will always be given negligible say in matters even if they are critically important to us . 
  if we are bringing in new terms like reverse godwin , we sould add 180 reverse godwin 180 , i ca n't believe he pulled it off !, 
  or we could go with reverse godwin 180 sloppy , almost pulled it off !, 
  because the existing labour party is likely to be wiped out in the next election . 
  this is actually true ha . 
  new ruins will be created from the existing parliament and they will sell those to museums as a reminder of what happens when you try to take control of greek ruins, 
  well chancellor is equivalent to prime minister not president . 
  bertie ahern was taoiseach of ireland for 11 years . 
  i agree it is too long as they belong to parties and too long in power causes crazy cronyism , corruption and eventually lazy policy as they too comfortable and feel entitled to the power . 
  the country ends up being run for the good of that party not the country . 
  irish people have had to go to canada and australia mostly as us and uk have their own problems . 
  many of them have had to learn mining, 
  european citizens are n't really equal since nice treaty . 
  they have agreements to buy military equipment from the people bailing them out , pretty much conflict of interest there . 
  they would cut it if they could, 
  ireland already has done this . 
  a large number left school to work in construction and many have been retrained and sponsored by corporations . 
  many also emigrated to work in construction elsewhere though . 
  i would agree with that interpretation . 
  even when ireland started to grow , there was no solidarity as the other euro and eu countries started attacking our corporate tax rate to generate more uncertainty . 
  bankers make money from uncertainty so it could be corporate lobbying . 
  if you have time , you 'll find a way to use it especially when negotiating, 
  feeling safe to report being raped could be a factor . 
  one that would be difficult to measure, 
  ireland already does this . 
  lol , london is the biggest tax haven of them all . 
  they are being investigated for the lower percentage so we will see start comes of that . 
  nothing wrong with democracy but the is such a thing as time and it was running out before today, 
  sure we are too good for the g7, 
  they could always use cards and have the currency initially exist on computer only . 
  that way they could use it as a way to get everyone paying tax as there would be a record of the purchases, 
  the risk of being in greece 's situation . 
  did the countries not know that when buying the bonds ? 
  then the euro itself is now doomed , no other country can justify exposing themselves to the risk . 
  why would anyone else want to be in a currency union where that is the consequence of things go bad for a member ? 
  i 'm not greek but i would vote no if i was on greece because i believe merkel will have to face up to the reality when the greek people say they can take no more .
