your problem is your services do n't go down enough . 
  what you need is legacy services you can blame on the previous guy and then keep those running and if anyone asks there is no budget for new systems because there probably is n't anyway . 
  then you become that guy is somehow keeping all those old legacy systems going . 
  lets dance !, 
  the graph is less useful than it would be with percentages imo . 
  there used to be water taxes , they were removed and put into motor tax . 
  why are they waiting for autumn to express their discontent , what is wrong with doing it in nice weather ? 
  is it just that they do n't want winter this year ? 
  ask those statements are pre 2008 too when jobs market was much better . 
  i think we do n't care as we ca n't attack america even if we wanted so having troops in your country is no big deal as long as they follow the rules . 
  they realized people might forget a funny experiences but if they traumatized them , it might stick with them for life !, 
  seems to be part of some wider eu agreement that taxpayers bailout banks . 
  there are still letters from the ecb to ireland just before we bailed out everything that both sides refuse to realise to the public even after a change in government . 
  i think laundries is where they sent the unmarried mothers . 
  ** ireland **  the catholic archbishop of dublin , dr diarmuid martin , has called for an independent commission of investigation with judicial powers into all mother-and-baby homes . 
   his comments come after reports of a mass grave of infants and children found in the grounds of a convent run by the bon secours order of nuns in tuam , co galway . 
   the home operated from the 1920s to the 1960s . 
  source : [ rte.ie state tv ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0608/622361-mother-and-baby-homes/ )  nominations for the positions of labour party leader and deputy leader closed at midday . 
   minister for social protection joan burton and minister of state at the department of health alex white are the only candidates for the leadership . 
   the contest for the deputy leader position is a four-way race . 
   t\u00e1naiste eamon gilmore announced last week that he was standing down as leader in the wake of big losses for the party in the european and local elections . 
  source : [ rte.ie ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0603/621197-labour-party-nominations/ )  s&p raises ireland 's debt rating due to improving economy agency cites strong performance of exports and sustained recovery of domestic economy  standard & poor 's has become first major rating agency to restore an a rating to irish sovereign debt since the country 's return to the international bond markets . 
  in a significant boost to the government , the agency raised ireland 's credit rating by one notch to a - from bbb + , with a positive outlook . 
  it cited an improved outlook for growth and more signs of recovery in the domestic economy as the rationale for its upgrade . 
  source : [ the irish times ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/s-p-raises-ireland-s-debt-rating-due-to-improving-economy-1.1823472 )  the cooke report into alleged bugging at the garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na ombudsman commission has been delivered to the taoiseach 's office . 
   speaking in silicon valley a short time ago , taoiseach enda kenny said the report had been received in his absence . 
   he said he would not be in a position to read it until he gets back to ireland after the weekend . 
  souce : [ rte.ie ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0606/622159-cooke-report/ ), 
  there are lots of monarchies left , just they gave no power . 
  irelands president is laughing his ass off at that statement . 
  we tried it , turns out you ca n't trust politicians : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_voting_in_ireland, 
  i think the isle of man did n't want in, 
  it does n't include the financial crisis cost to save banks either though ... 
  what , how did i not know this ?? 
  going up north to get a phd , brb . 
  seriously though , how would one get information about doing this ? 
  for comparison the irish system : http://www.qqi.ie/downloads/qqi_fan_diagram.jpg, 
  so puting believes ireland has been united by bad whiskey ? 
  ireland has higher than either but we have a lot of catching up to do ... 
  ah that cynicism is no different to irish cynicism but things move forward with political corruption slowly because at the moment , your politicians are brought up in a crazy corrupt environment . 
  the samuel beckett bridge , it opens to let ships through, 
  well britain does n't have much of a neighbourhood being an island but they f *** ed up the irish sea pretty bad . 
  well britain does have the commonwealth . 
  also , there is no way ireland will not set up a special arrangement with britain to continue its trade level with the uk and once they have their goods in ireland , we can trade them in the other eu countries . 
  britain/irish relations are being promoted in the media here a lot lately , partly to do with this i imagine . 
  it would be stupid to leave though but you have to plan for if it happens . 
  no i do n't see myself as anything other than irish . 
  this happened in ireland when g8 summit or something was on . 
  the european commission has decided munich , not london , is europe 's top technology hub . 
  the judgement is delivered in a new atlas of ict activity in europe released this week . 
  one swedish tourism has embraced marvelously . 
  first thing after leaving train station i met a beggar and another outside my hotel . 
  i 'm in an airport waiting to board flight to stockholm for the week so i guess i 'll find out . 
  i do n't believe it would work as countries like ireland gain pretty much nothing from it . 
  it would have been good to also see it broken down by gender . 
  spanish need to emigrate so , ireland has the same problems and we do what we always do when politicians screw the place up , leave . 
  it is an exceptional situation if they are also an employee . 
  to move or travel back and forth frequently is to shuttle so that is why it is referred to as a shuttle . 
  this seems unnecessary or i do n't understand why it is necessary . 
  note if your local laws offer a better guarantee , this does not overwrite that . 
  well it is an opinion piece so just ignore it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the pollution did n't cause the forward pass ... 
  in about a decade , there maybe no other options than online streaming as it is becoming so popular . 
  what if i give you this nicer hat i have in my hand instead . 
  i think scotland does over germany . 
  well ireland unemployment is declining slowly while there is now a property shortage in the capital so once we start building , unemployment will fall further . 
  the figures are likely meaningless . 
  he is going to sell some other organs . 
  oh that does n't look very impressive , can the tesla utilise fast charge points that european governments have already set up ? 
  why were they rioting ? 
  well in ireland , it is in our constitution so we would have to have a referendum to get rid of it . 
  i think we have a lot in common with most eastern european countries in ireland . 
  i work in a multinational in ireland and everyone swears constantly . 
  it disappears in meetings where people outside ireland dial in . 
  who is relying solely on her ? 
  the uk has always been the villain of the piece , just good at hiding it until now . 
  it would depend on the general policy though , would n't it . 
  on windows phone , the pay wall failed horribly . 
  muhahaha !, 
  galway hooker when in ireland , and go here : www.porterhousebrewco.com/bars-dublin-central.php also sean 's bar in athlone is oldest bar in ireland if you would like to say you were in irelands oldest pub : en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sean's_bar, 
  opera unite would be awesome if people had of used it :-(, 
  and in polls people in ireland are saying the same thing . 
  wo n't vote for any party/want new political party, 
  this is the stuff they came out with in ireland too and church attendance has dropped 20 % in 5 years . 
  basically teenagers see this crap online and do n't go to church once they get to college . 
  well it is n't all of europe , just the biggest countries were named ... europe is a horribly fractured mess of a place so this type of thing ca n't really go on at a european level unless the eu is involved . 
  they are just afraid they will take the technology and build their own space station with black jack and hookers !, 
  certainly the way the media tries to paint it . 
  in ireland they just said people do n't seem to care and the priminister said he always assumes his phone calls are recorded, 
  and what about all the other countries in europe they spy on ? 
  ca n't mock them too much , there were correct when they gave the irish government a report saying guaranteeing all the banks could threaten the states ability to raise funding . 
  irish government did it anyway if course for still unexplained reasons ... 
  no , i do n't think i would enjoy being long term in a different culture as i would never feel like i was really part of it . 
  just a long term guest . 
  i also think my country is great if we can just get the right people in charge and break some of the protected professions . 
  i think if i was going to live somewhere else it would be boston . 
  america and britain need to stop saying oh your surprised about our massive surveillance operations ? 
  even if we were n't surprised , we are n't impressed !!, 
  ca n't claim to be on the side of free speech while monitoring almost everything !, 
  anyone with a brain disagrees,
