this may look bad , but what dose that bridge look like ? 
  is it a sturdy modern bridge or is the bridge put on the other side ? 
  this is all well and good but it does n't help anyone . 
  we have to take action not light up the side of a building . 
  i feel like the man is not above rigging an election . 
  bulgaria here i come . 
  they said the same thing about brexit and about president trump . 
  i 'm rooting for you guys . 
  oh my entire family is german and greek , i 've heard the stories , but things just as horrible happened under the communist governments in the 50s 60s and even 70s . 
  those men are still alive , do n't make the same mistake twice and go after them with the manpower you would use going after this guy . 
  ok but here 's the thing right , why do we arrest and charge people ? 
  to ensure they wo n't do it again and to protect innocents is the main reason . 
  this man in 98 , he has lived a full life and poses no threat to anyone . 
  hell he dosent even live in poland . 
  he has nothing to loose . 
  what are they gon na do to him , put him in jail for the last year of his life ? 
  it 's pointless . 
  `` for the sake of justice '' there is no doubt in my mind that that money could be going to better things . 
  but a trial is n't going to ensure it does n't happen again . 
  ok but so people ca n't use him in an internet argument is n't a good reason to use most likely hundreds of thousands if not millions of taxpayers dollars, 
  how ? 
  yea he 's guilty , we all know it . 
  what good will a trial do ? 
  but what good will that do anyone besides just costing money !, 
  oh come on he 's 98 what good is putting him in jail gon na do . 
  * constantinople, 
  did n't know there was a dozen people in finland . 
  til, 
  i do n't think they will actually let scotland leave . 
  oh come on i didnt know there was an eu4 game , i would have played . 
  damn right we do . 
  the sails are n't all red white and blue . 
  that 's something we have to fix . 
  amen . 
  and do n't get me started on the zumwalt . 
  so you want to hurt your own country your countrymen , your self and the people of france and germany because you do n't like how the referendum turned out ? 
  i 'm gon na be honest here . 
  if in 1600 years people are making holocaust jokes i 'm perfectly ok with that . 
  nah i 'm not allowed in saudi arabia being born in israel and all . 
  because due to this map i wish to move to russia . 
  i thought it quite obvious . 
  damn i wish i spoke russian . 
  i would ? 
  why ? 
  i have no idea what is next to austria btw . 
  no it 's just weird . 
  i 'm from freedom land so i do n't see non english languages very often . 
  i am trying to learn german though so this is doubly cool . 
  wow . 
  this is in german but i can still read it . 
  weird . 
  well the market value is going to be well below the actual value . 
  the house is n't worth much but hitler 's house is probably worth a couple million dollars . 
  the economy will bounce back . 
  the sanctions are what 's killing it . 
  looks like i 'm moving to russia !, 
  now i just have to learn russian, 
  june 6th 1944 . 
  i would have thought disney world to have been our # 1 . 
  i 've been to central park . 
  it is nice sure but not the # 1 thing in america . 
  anyone up to retake constantinople ? 
  i ca n't see the rest of you flair . 
  on mobile . 
  i just see european federalist . 
  and do you not realize that communism would take away more freedoms than fascism ? 
  but tyranny by democratic election is just as bad as tyranny by military takeover . 
  i do n't know where you live but i am going to use america as an example . 
  let 's say we move to the popular vote system and the communist party has 51 % . 
  i would 100 % support a fascist coup to keep a communist state from coming to power . 
  yea everyone would that 's not the question here . 
  the question here is is a fascist coup moral to stop communism . 
  yes there was famine because war tends to do that but in the long term , communism is simply worse at food distribution ( see north korea ) due to collectivization . 
  private ownership of farms is the best way to grow food and that alone makes fascism better than communism . 
   ( well , probably not in eastern europe ) . 
  yea probably because they know what it 's like . 
  i 'd rather live in fascist italy than communist poland any day of the week . 
  my grandfather was from konigsburg germany and lived in east germany for years and my grandmother was from greece during their communist strife post war . 
  both sides of my family suffered under both fascism and communism . 
  i 'm not defending either side and i recognize that both are bad . 
  but you have to look at it from a modern perspective . 
  i am willing to admit that communism is a good ideology , but hindsight being 20/20 , communism does n't work . 
  both are oppressive systems that no one should have to live under but the 20s and 30s were a time of instability and revolution . 
  the end of the war lead to depression in countries like spain who were neutral and making money off the war . 
  both fascism and communism promised false dreams of prosperity . 
  imagine for a second if the soviets were able to put icbms in spain in the 60s . 
  it is better for everyone born post war that the fascists won the war . 
   italy and japan well i think we know what happened there  france banned communism they both avoided communism . 
  so did spain in the end . 
  i can cite sources when i get home . 
  i 'm on mobile at the moment and it 's a pain to dig through the internet on it . 
  both systems are oppressive and horrible . 
  but fascism allows private ownership of property so i mean at least i could eat . 
  there was a very real chance that the republic would turn communist . 
  i would rather live in a fascist state than a communist one . 
  plus imagine if there was a strong communist state in the west . 
  the cold war would have been far different . 
  yea , a democratic government that had a strong communist party and could have swung that way quite easily . 
  and i will have you know i got a 97 in ap euro last year so i like to imagine i know a decent amount about history . 
  nah it will be at least 1000 years,
