karma police with a name like that , you bet they 've been on reddit . 
  on a serious note , ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  snowden himself revealed that gchq is even worse than nsa . 
  yeah i know but after what happened at groningen ( marseille fans ) , some respect and humility would n't hurt . 
  granted , rugby fans are much more respectful than football fans . 
  i do n't like this ad . 
  if we lose , we look stupid . 
  if we win , we still look arrogant . 
  the good thing is that baguettes ' ( and other breads ' ) taste and texture can vary a lot from one boulangerie to the next . 
  there are good ones and shitty ones . 
  have you tried several different boulangeries ? 
  you should try getting a boulangerie recommended by an elderly woman , they know their shit . 
  i do n't remember the last time i had bread from auchan , but i very much like carrefour 's , it 's crusty outside , light and soft inside and the bread lasts longer , does n't go stale quite as fast . 
  on the other hand , intermarch\u00e9 's baguettes are the worst , they quickly turn mushy/rubbery and even when fresh they are n't that good . 
  one does not simply dislike the macarons and the baguettes . 
  meanwhile , [ sarkozy ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/politique/article/2015/09/18/sarkozy-critique-hollande-et-pense-que-la-syrie-peut-etre-liberee-en-quelques-mois_4762091_823448.html ) is proud of having intervened in libya and thinks syria can be `` freed '' in a few months . 
  what a farce . 
   it was never , ever here before . 
  ten years ago , some fans may have given a banana to black guys - it was just for fun . 
  [ oh boy ... ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/123/620/oh-boy-here-we-go.jpg ), 
  not on my watch . 
  you have my full support , finland !, 
  you missed the part where he did time for being in a terrorist group though . 
  she only deserves that title if she can get the syrians to build a wall to protect her country . 
  [ what do you mean `` everyone '' ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74bzstqcl_c&amp;t=0m9s ), 
  `` the first person to treat you like an adult will have a huge impact on your life . '', 
  seems fitting here . 
  clearly , they are the first ones to complain when someone does n't speak in english and are quick to conclude that it is because of pride . 
  frenchies are n't any more proud of their language than they are shy or self-conscious about their english ( they are underestimating themselves ) , that 's all there is to it , but i guess the `` french are arrogant '' stereotype is still going strong . 
  sorry about that . 
  i can see `` boche '' being used as a joke ( like frogs , yanks , rosbifs ) , as no one uses this term seriously . 
  but you do n't joke by calling someone a nazi , those must have been some stupid kids or really immature adults . 
  no choice but to grow a thicker skin and keep in mind you had nothing to do with ww2 ( that 's what i do when i hear that the french are cowards/surrender monkeys . ), 
  i mean , our army gets shit on a lot regarding ww2 , but it does n't prevent it from accomplishing missions successfully nowadays ( mali war , for instance ) . 
  france is currently ruled by the left , they are pro immigration , they are n't going to do anything . 
  2017 we 'll see , but it 's probably going to be too late . 
  i think most of the demonizing is coming from inside the country . 
  as a german admitted , they are raised humble and submissive , and basically labelled a `` neo-nazi '' if they do n't adhere to the pro-immigration policies and political correctness . 
  they even censor video games `` violence '' . 
  anything to make up for the past . 
  but it 's been over 70 years , your generation had nothing to do with it . 
  and who cares what other countries think ? 
  you guys need to stop being so politically correct and wake up , because right now you 're opening the pandora 's box . 
  nowadays , the average american is [ too fat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ttfytq1.png ) for military , so do n't worry , it 's not gon na happen . 
  ( there , i can do stereotypes too ) . 
  damn you !, 
  hand over that longbow or i 'll cut your fingers off !, 
  man 's got ta eat . 
   to you guys china 's just some great economic opportunity , you would n't exactly mind if it surpassed the us in power . 
  when i think of china , the following comes to mind : polluter , corruption , repression , censoring . 
  to me they want to rise to the top at all cost ( including lives and environment ) and i do n't find that a good thing at all , obviously . 
  i would not rather them to surpass the us in power , no way . 
  us and france , we share the same values , remember . 
  our ancestors helped you get your independence ( lafayette , battle of yorktown ) and you guys saved our asses during ww2 . 
  how would i rather china to be above the us in power ? 
  regarding the rest of your reply , i 'd rather not debate as i do n't know enough about the topic . 
  but i 'll be sure to learn more about china military . 
   le french no need to be condescending , i understand your point and i even told you in my reply above that i would side with the us , it is nowhere near as bad as china . 
  but i am in favor of whistleblowers , if a government does illegal shit , it has to be exposed , and when it is exposed , if there are collateral damages , the government is the one having to deal with it . 
  in my humble opinion , anyway . 
  china is no saint , i agree with you , but neither is the us . 
  if it 's fair game for the us to spy on china , why not the other way around ? 
  granted , as a westerner , i would choose us ' side over china 's 1000 times over , but still , i do n't trust any government . 
  and yes , france 's has done some shady shit as well , i know , even to this day still ( mass surveillance ) . 
  who is to blame though ? 
  the us for spying on china or the messenger ? 
  [ bradley/chelsea manning ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chelsea_manning ) would like a word with you . 
  35 years sentence , isolation and torture sure sounds like fun . 
   what he has done is illegal so was nsa bulk data collection . 
  the guy is definitely a hero , he 's extremely smart ( watch the documentary [ citizenfour ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4044364/ ) ) , and really appears as someone kind . 
  he had everything going for him in the us , young , a top job , top salary , family ... and yet he sacrificed everything for * us * . 
  he could no longer live with himself knowing what was up in the nsa , and the fact he was contributing to it . 
  and although he now works twice as much in russia for a meager salary , he said that he 's much happier . 
  i 'm glad for him . 
  and it satisfies me that despite all the spying from the nsa , they still could n't manage to predict the massive leak or catch him before he fled to honk kong and then russia . 
  too bad many people are still [ clueless about him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45fsbrqkchs ) . 
  seems like the whole affair went over the head of non-geeks or non-technophiles . 
  i hope he can one day come back to his own country freely . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  / u/martelfirst can be a bit blunt . 
  still , there 's a lot of truth in what he 's saying . 
   the way i see it is that these people live in really shitty neighbourhoods which they feel are abandoned by society . 
  increasing investment in these neighbourhoods could give the feeling that society has n't abandoned these people . 
  the grand paris metro project is a very important project to reconnect the banlieues with the rest of society , i live near a zus ( zone urbaine sensible ) which has been renovated/revamped recently ( a few years ago ) and actually looks really neat , but still , the people here do n't care . 
  they still burn cars and trash bins , break lamps and bus shelters , throw trash all over the place . 
  they take things for granted and do n't respect anything or anyone . 
  i think it 's the lack of education from the parents , they let their ( numerous ) kids roam until 2am , and when they 're bored , they tend to break stuff . 
  probably meant basketball . 
  we are n't doing much better here in france , to be honest . 
  i mean , just look at calais . 
   a french citizen who also tackled the suspected jihadist but who wishes to remain anonymous will receive the honour at a later date , as will a franco-american passenger who was hit by a bullet and is recovering in hospital . 
  i have never heard about this . 
  this is beautiful . 
  it 's okay , the terrorist [ cut his fingers off ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m7ptrpf.jpg ) . 
  you spelled * bitter * wrong . 
  they need all the halp they can get . 
   nowadays we are the most politically correct country on earth , you are not allowed to have an opinion the left-media havent approved of , if you do and people find out you will be frozen out and called a nazi . 
  this media pushed for a change from assimilation to integration , that was the start of why swedish immigration now doesnt work . 
   a big reason you see people anonymously talk about it online is because of the fact media outlawed these opinions , if anyone finds out irl you think like this you will be harassed , ironically the media-elite ofc lives in areas with zero immigration .
