  but in case it was unclear : taking special note of the way the yugoslavian army acted in bosnia , they should have been prevented from any military action anywhere until such point as they removed those responsible and allowed them to face justice . 
  and they were . 
  not only looking at the goals of the strikes it 's also pretty safe , for civilians that is . 
  the fact they are easy to spot and surrounded by water with no structures means that the chances you 're going to hit st.peters home for orphaned children by mistake are quite low . 
  if there 's any point of contention it will be the tv transmitters not bridges . 
  the froy did such a great job in bosnia , i do n't see why we would try and take away their ability to wage war . 
  strange , is the op sure it was nato ? 
  you know what , now that i think about it me too !, 
  why do n't countries like france and germany take immigrants ?!?!, 
  it 's a fucking con , the duke of wellington would be rolling in his grave if it was n't for the fact that the grave robbing gypsies had looted it . 
  time to close the chunnel and force france to do their bit !, 
  i 'll have you know there are at least 3 beaches in the uk that wo n't melt your skin or give you some form of eczema and we 're so proud of them we gave them a blue flag , it 's our highest honour . 
  hmm , it does n't have any beaches or particularly good weather , but on the other hand it would annoy the russians , and more importantly the french . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  that was n't even suggested . 
  both those points are accurate , and both things i was told by italians when renzi took over . 
  so if you would kindly attend your closest bunga bunga party , and stop bothering me that would be great . 
  he was elected as a mayor in florence . 
  apparently this is the normal state of affairs in italy . 
  edit : and pointing this out annoys people ... 
  404 not found , so no . 
  edit : yes . 
  honestly you would be better off posting that than the bullshit from beforeitsnews . 
  anything from a website that is n't a home for conspiratards blogging on nonsense ? 
  anything else you want to reduce down to stupidity or are you done ? 
  i mean , it 's a legitimate complaint , but i suspect that is n't the reason you have posted it . 
  i do n't even know where to start to address these problems . 
  the problem is , europe might need more power to address them , and at the same time it could damage the whole project if we try to build with a shirty foundation . 
  same with the whole awareness you brought up , people do n't really understand our own varying levels of administration here in the uk . 
  how can you make them aware of how europe works . 
  bendy cuccumbers make a better story than how eu laws protect your rights while shopping , or your human rights . 
  not now and not in the near future , each time the eu welcomes a new underdeveloped nation , it should push back efforts at increasing powers at a european level . 
  we need to roll back powers , i do not feel comfortable with politicians from some of europe 's most corrupt nations having a say in my life . 
  until progress is made improving the quality of life , economic output and corruption levels in these members ( both old and new ) there 's no point pushing forward . 
  it will be a disaster . 
  to build a strong union there needs to be near parity on these measures ( and more ) between members . 
  lol no , i was just making a joke in a similar nature to the map above . 
  the uk pissed of romanian 's because of our media coverage in the dropping of the restrictions on them at the start of the new year , if you 're unaware of the reference . 
  do n't piss him off , we 're still suffering from terrible weather . 
  / r/theredpill ? 
  that 's a deporting . 
  the voice has spoken . 
  because being fucked over by two people instead of one makes the experience less traumatic . 
  that 's because all our best teachers have been sent across the globe to bring english to the savages . 
  yet another british sacrifice in order to bring a more civilised world . 
  it was my understanding that romania is not involved in this , so there must be another reason . 
   uh , okay . 
  so what are those guarantees actually good for ? 
  in this specific case , very little because the aggressor has a vast stock of nuclear missiles , and the treaty does n't define how the parties must act in order to guarantee the ukraine , how quickly they must act . 
  nato is a military alliance , they 're not the same thing . 
  but it 's worth as much whatever comes of it when article 5 is invoked after a real military strike . 
  given the levels of integration within nato and the infrastructure around running the alliance there 's enough desire from all parties to keep it going and stay committed to it . 
  they 're not the same situation at all . 
  and there are no punishments defined for any party not acting in accordance with those guarantees . 
  acting like the usa or the uk are obligated to intervene militarily in order to safeguard the ukraine is silly . 
  especially when we 're discussing countries armed with nuclear weapons . 
   especially when it is clear that the us has no interest in keeping to its defense pact treaties . 
  we 're helping you build the fucking things , it 's as much our responsibility as yours . 
  the blood-lust in / r/europe has reached such levels that a man who suggests countries armed with nukes should avoid war is heavily down-voted . 
  christ . 
  the usa was n't `` out '' of the war even before pearl harbour . 
  after yalta , soviet domination of poland was pretty much certain . 
  i believe one mp actually resigned over the affair . 
  war was considered , at least at the military level . 
  [ operation unthinkable ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) honestly , i find it hard to believe that that war would have brought anything but even more abject misery to the polish people , those of central europe / eastern europe , the russian people who would have been facing nuclear weapons , and the allied armed forces some of whom ( british and commenwealth ) had been fighting total war for 5 years . 
  the best chance came at the conferences towards the end of the war , i do n't really know if we could have done better for the people of central/eastern europe . 
   reaffirming the commitment of all member states to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the federal republic of yugoslavia and the other states of the region , as set out in the helsinki final act and annex 2 , and  reaffirming the call in previous resolutions for substantial autonomy and meaningful self-administration for kosovo , do n't both of these kind of contradict each other ? 
  i 'd hate to have to deal with this kind of stuff . 
  i 'm not really making any argument there , just helping to clarify what tauntology 's point meant . 
  ( hopefully ), 
  was there a line that said `` unless serbia decides genocide is a pretty good idea '' ? 
  he 's not talking about freedom in that sense , he 's talking about the freedom of the british government to act independently as a sovereign nation . 
  i wonder what a pie chart with the same categories would look like if this subreddit was examined . 
  as for  as chart 1 shows , citizens making diffuse eurosceptic statements primarily do so because they find the eu undemocratic i find it odd that that 's the primary reason , i would probably fit into that group but the reason is probably because i do n't have any idea on what reforms to make in order to improve , or how we should move forward . 
  as for negative views being more popular than positive views , i 'd expect to find that about almost anything . 
  i think we 're programmed to talk about negative things because it 's the first step in problem solving . 
  ( i 'm not a psychologist ), 
  1 ) 360,000 is a small city by my standards . 
  2 ) i read that but i do n't really understand why that 's relevant if the only people voting for him are from that party ( are they ? ), 
  3 ) i did n't know that . 
  can you explain why the president does n't appoint someone who already holds a position where they already represent people on the national stage ? 
  thank you for putting up with my foul language long enough to reach that point . 
  you can fucking assume from context that what i said there is discussing italian politics , as in the politicians not the average pleb . 
  seriously i have n't seen one british person calling italians , greeks , portuguese , spanish or anyone lazy . 
  i 've seen your politicians mocked , problems in eastern europe with corruption spoken of , but no one other than passing trolls talking about lazy southerners . 
  the criticisms are made at your leaders , the same way as criticism towards the uk should be aimed at leaders rather than the people , as they are being aimed here . 
  yeah well the next time i make a comment on politian from another country i 'll be sure to mention something bad about the uk just so you do n't get upset . 
  in fact why does n't the whole of northern europe follow this on r/europe we would n't want you to feel put down . 
  remember brits , when commenting on another nation make sure to bring up an equal amount of your own problems , just so fools do n't think your an empire obsessed muppet who thinks he lives in a utopia . 
  this applies to no one else . 
  scotland is n't half the nation , it 's regually discussed here , in / r/united kingdom and / r/ukpolitics . 
  we do n't think we rule half the world still , and despite were not the only european nation to have had an empire were the only ones still taking flak for it from a few people who seem to think we 're empire obsessed . 
  it 's not even part of any argument , the only time it is brought up is when toss pots bring it up as a criticism of something someone british has written or said regardless of the context . 
  like now . 
  negative news from the uk is posted here and in the british subreddits and we 're constantly complaining about our own leaders and their incompetence . 
  that 's good , be a use if you 're not constantly on the backs of your representatives you end up being a corrupt shit hole no one takes seriously . 
  and in all seriousness , fuck off . 
  i 'm british but i 'm not responsible for your bitterness regarding british people . 
  if a brit criticises another nations rulers he should be required to mention his or her own each time . 
  especially if this requirement only exists for people born in one nation .
