  now first say finger , and then singer , ginger , linger , real , zeal , mauve , gauze , gouge and gauge , marriage , foliage , mirage , and age . 
  query does not rhyme with very , nor does fury sound like bury . 
  dost , lost , post and doth , cloth , loth . 
  though the differences seem little , we say actual but victual . 
  refer does not rhyme with deafer . 
  fe0ffer does , and zephyr , heifer . 
  mint , pint , senate and sedate ; dull , bull , and george ate late . 
  scenic , arabic , pacific , science , conscience , scientific . 
  liberty , library , heave and heaven , rachel , ache , moustache , eleven . 
  we say hallowed , but allowed , people , leopard , towed , but vowed . 
  mark the differences , moreover , between mover , cover , clover ; leeches , breeches , wise , precise , chalice , but police and lice ; camel , constable , unstable , principle , disciple , label . 
  petal , panel , and canal , wait , surprise , plait , promise , pal . 
  worm and storm , chaise , chaos , chair , senator , spectator , mayor . 
  tour , but our and succour , four . 
  gas , alas , and arkansas . 
  sea , idea , korea , area , psalm , maria , but malaria . 
  youth , south , southern , cleanse and clean . 
  doctrine , turpentine , marine . 
  compare alien with italian , dandelion and battalion . 
  sally with ally , yea , ye , eye , i , ay , aye , whey , and key . 
  say aver , but ever , fever , neither , leisure , skein , deceiver . 
  heron , granary , canary . 
  crevice and device and aerie . 
  face , but preface , not efface . 
  phlegm , phlegmatic , ass , glass , bass . 
  large , but target , gin , give , verging , ought , out , joust and scour , scourging . 
  ear , but earn and wear and tear do not rhyme with here but ere . 
  seven is right , but so is even , hyphen , roughen , nephew stephen , monkey , donkey , turk and jerk , ask , grasp , wasp , and cork and work . 
  pronunciation ( think of psyche ! ), 
  is a paling stout and spikey ? 
  wo n't it make you lose your wits , writing groats and saying grits ? 
  it 's a dark abyss or tunnel : strewn with stones , stowed , solace , gunwale , islington and isle of wight , housewife , verdict and indict . 
  finally , which rhymes with enough , though , through , plough , or dough , or cough ? 
  hiccough has the sound of cup . 
  my advice is to give up !!, 
  due to europa universalis i think i could do a better job drawing a map of the situation in 1740 than i could a map including all the states today . 
  they 're not directly comparable . 
  europe has the benefit of news and being localised on a country level . 
  the states matter a lot less when we hear/read about the usa here so the exposure is n't the same . 
  it 's just a bit of harmless fun , and some from both of these have been really funny . 
  love the one that labelled gibraltar but then went on to label ukraine romania and moldova as `` borat '' . 
  also to add to my statement regarding the wiki censorship i found this article relating to it : [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2009/nov/13/wikipedia-sued-privacy-claim ) regarding the far right content , you could probably have a long and interesting discussion about the merits of censoring it , but i accept that it 's not doing any real appreciable damage to german freedom . 
  but neither is blocking child porn and terrorism sites for the uk . 
   when a german minister under merkel tried to introduce child pornography blocks a few years ago germans protested against it and stopped it . 
  the `` opennet.net '' article is from 2010 when the law was still in effect . 
  it was repealed by a vote in 2011 . 
  is very good to hear , what arguments were presented against it taking into account that some content is already filtered ? 
  not trying to argue , it 's just hard to find this kind of stuff in english and i 've not spoken or read a jot of german since 2001 . 
  and  gema and google on the other hand are just two private gema and google on the other hand are just two private companies that ca n't make a deal my apologies , i thought gema was something the government in germany managed . 
  magna carta , bill of rights , habeas corpus , petition of rights , and now we find ourselves in this position . 
  it 's unfathomable . 
  but let 's not pretend that europe escapes censorship : in france , which did seem to at least see some lively debate they do censort content , specifically a website that was aiming to bring the police to task for using unreasonable force against minority 's . 
  they also have a filter that is n't independently monitored that is intended to block access to child pronography and terrorism related pages . 
  germany blocks access to far right content , and there 's also gema which seems to be a complete mess , and court orders blocking content on wikipedia which i 'm not sure of the details of . 
  italy filters out child porn , gambling and warez , and has a low press freedom score to go with it . 
  there 's was/is also the romani law which may have been used to stiffle competition in the country and protect berlusconi 's interests this is something the entire continent is going to be facing sooner or later . 
  if not with quite the general apathy displayed by the british public . 
  it would be entirely in france 's hands , comply , hand over everyone involved or accept that you have been bombed . 
  or fight for the right to kill people arbitrarily . 
  no , for the sake of justice and the rule of law . 
  he is a british citizen . 
  he holds a british passport and i specifically noted that he was scum . 
  the french would back down before it got that far ( probably ? 
  mitterand shit a brick when thatcher threatened to escalate the conflict and nuke argentina if not given the exocet codes during the falklands war ) , like i said in another comment i 'm not suggesting if this had gone ahead , and the government had found out about it that this would be the first step . 
  i would expect them to take every measure to ensure the safety of british citizens from the french intelligence services . 
  it 's an example of how far i would expect my government to go while ensuring the safety of british people . 
  yes , fully aware , and no i do n't support it . 
  would you like to ask me some questions or make a comment in reply to me based on something other than my flair ? 
  i do n't represent the british government and i only have a very small input on policy about every 5 years or so . 
  would your opinion be turned if this had been the usa looking at assassinating a spanish citizen ? 
  i have reason to give this more weight ( if proved etc etc ) than i do on my government targeting individuals with drones in unstable countries as my interests are directly at stake here . 
  as `` heartless '' as a statement that is , it 's true . 
  and that gives license to the french government to attack british citizens ? 
  so justice is n't important to you ? 
  we ca n't go round murdering people who we do n't even have enough evidence to lock up safely . 
  because i forgot how to reddit , i could never quite get the hang of mondays . 
  it would be a missile strike against a foreign power who 's government is actively targeting british citizens for execution . 
  so we strike at the people making those decisions . 
  of course , it would n't be the first action i would want taken it 'd be best to have everyone involved extradited to the uk to face trial . 
  the missile strike was just to confirm how strongly i believe the british government should take this seriously . 
  ( all dependant on if it 's true etc etc ), 
  people would have supported it here too , back when this guy was in papers daily i would see all sorts of nonsense on facebook . 
  i do n't hold the french collectively responsible . 
  if true the french government were planning on assassinating a british citizen , with no trial and no charges , i would expect our government to do everything within their power to defend him , scumbag or not , including a missile strike on the dgse . 
  you do not fucking assassinate people because due process is inconvenient . 
  on the eu there 's lots of down votes and up votes flying in every direction . 
  it 's pretty balanced considering we 're on a online forum . 
  on anything else it seems to be completely chance as to what position ends up being favoured , often with contradictory views rising to the top on different threads on the same topic . 
  as far as largely political discourse goes we 're streets ahead of r/ukpolitics r/australia or r/canada ( the other subreddits i subscribe to that feature politics ) in both comments and content . 
  i ca n't bring myself to down vote an artist . 
  oi hands off our rock pedro , or i 'll nuke madrid ,, 
  then we send a type 45 destroyer ( 8500 tons ) , the spanish do n't have anything close to matching that , aside from amphibious assault ships . 
  the point is , we should n't need or want to escalate the situation . 
  the royal navy is n't even a speck compared to the navy circa 1945 but the spanish fleet is even smaller . 
  i guess spain 's looking to take the easy option when it comes to dealing with their 50 % youth unemployment . 
  ( i kid , hopefully ), 
  / r/europe : where the british come to learn english from romanians . 
  so 6 years of being settled in the uk and the naturalization process with a string of extra qualifications is the same as just buying a passport and any difference is nitpicking ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present to you the inane ramblings of a 9/11 `` truther '' . 
  the agencies did n't officially as far as i 'm aware , but members of the british intelligence services were acting as double agents and feeding information to the soviets during the 50 's .
