  and the russian state past soviet collapse has more to do with the greed of russians than the expansion of nato . 
  russia does n't have a right to buffer zones , and like i said if it wants them it has a huge land mass to carve them from . 
  further splintering and fracturing of the former russian empire is in everyone 's interest , it 'd rather have 20 shitty countries unable to act than 1 huge country willing to throw it 's weight around . 
  it 's not 1962 any more , the cold war is over . 
  the soviet union `` lost '' and collapsed . 
  russia has several thousand megaton level nuclear weapons capable of hitting anywhere in the world . 
  russia does not need a buffer zone , if it desperately wants one , let it carve one out of the outrageous amounts of land it already owns and move their entire population east of the urals . 
  no it does n't but he 's not going to be there for long enough to catch a glimmer of why people are moving over . 
  he has people at home to represent and presumably other responsibilities . 
  he 'll struggle living in a shitty condition on # 100 a week , speak to other immigrants and ask them why they bother. , they 'll say they want a better quality of life and are willing to put up living like this until they get to that point and he will bugger off home again . 
  gaining nothing but a phantom appreciation of just how shitty it is trying to survive on such little money in london . 
  # 100 a week , in london ? 
  i 'd hazard a guess he 's not going to learn anything in a week . 
  i 'd imagine they 're not coming to earn # 100 a week , they 're coming , working hard in the hopes of living in the average comfortable standards . 
  why does n't he just speak to polish people who are raising their families here and have gone native ? 
  well , if ukraine does n't send in the army to restore order now and potentially fight a russian incursion off then they might as well bend over and negotiate wide ranging territory transfers to russia and get it all over with ( mass migration ala partition of india etc ) so what 's left in the eu sphere can move on . 
  or do anything that the orthodox church might not like , or protest freely , or get your baps out , or piss off putin or someone he likes etc etc etc etc. 
  lets hope the ban on condoms lasts enough for the catholics to breed their way into the irish republic . 
  that day can not come soon enough . 
  invited . 
  only ancaps care what ancaps think , and long may it continue to be that way . 
  i think while you 're on the right track for at least part of the reason , you 're grossly misrepresenting the level of change that occurred in the uk after world war two . 
  it certainly was n't business as usual once ve came about , the uk had food rationing until 1954 , 4 years later than west germany . 
  the feeling of `` wtf do we do next '' still persists today , maybe that 's the actual problem , not the fact that we never had to say `` wtf do we do next '' but the fact that we 've never really found a good enough answer to that question . 
  not litterally , but they are competing with russia to gain influence to a point where there might as well be two sides . 
  just because europe is n't forcing this situation does n't mean that it wo n't or does n't exist . 
  russia will see to it that it does . 
  sit on the side line and hope it does n't collapse to such a degree that we find ourselves fighting another fruitless war . 
  it 's not as if the uk will collapse without the eu , things may or may not be more difficult economically . 
  we 've endured worse . 
  again nonsense . 
  the only people still talking about empire are people like you . 
  if it 's as simple as `` lol britain still thinks they have an empire '' how do you explain norway or switzerland ? 
  i 'm not associating it with something imperial , you are . 
  yep , portugal , spain , france , belgium , italy , the netherlands , germany , austria such uncooperative motherfuckers . 
  you could throw a fucking dart at a map of europe and hit a country that once had an empire nine times out of ten . 
  what a ridiculous fucking statement . 
  just have everyone use hawaii 's flag . 
  i 've no problem with it to be fair , but the uk is n't a nation that is going to be pulled two different directions . 
  i 'm not dismissive , and i 'm not against it . 
  it was a light hearted statement about the farcical situation the continent finds itself in . 
  oh i 'm not interested in arguing over what action to take to combat climate change . 
  especially not one involving plots from movies i have n't seen . 
  i was just surprised to see someone on reddit who was n't in a fringe sub ( / r/ancap / r/conspiracy / r/ronpaul etc etc ) potentialy denying that it was taking place . 
  just glad to see you 're not a nutter . 
  you do n't believe human activity is affecting the climate ? 
  notice how i did n't say membership ? 
  it 's attempting to solidify relationships with countires we ca n't directly offer membership to yet . 
  trying to keep them within the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  quick gobble up anyone who has n't committed to a side yet . 
  the more the merrier for cold war ii : slavic bugaloo . 
  dae troll on the interweb !?!? 
  lol . 
  france was a great power , superpowers did n't exist before the end of wwii . 
  poland was taking on the soviet union and nazi germany . 
  france and the british expeditionary forces did n't last much longer once the fighting actually started . 
  1 month and 12 days vs 1 month and 5 days, 
  france , united kingdom , germany , netherlands , belgium , denmark , sweden , finland , poland , austria could work together to procure hardware more often though . 
  as the voice of the british empire i. ... approve . 
  what are you doing back in the open !!!?!!?!, 
  get back to the gas fields pleb . 
  my stately home is n't going to provide the gas to heat itself . 
  culinary traditions = food culture . 
  and here we are debating definitions again , because that 's how you roll . 
  you win again rc72 !!!, 
   my point was that it is quite difficult to turn on the telly without seeing celia , nigella , jamie , gordon or marco rave about pesto , linguini or frittata . 
  to assert that southern culinary traditions `` do n't exist '' in the uk , when these days brits are more likely to be eating lasagne than kidney pie is rather amusing , to say the least ... and this is the part where you confuse cuisine and culture and we end up arguing about in 10 different comments because that 's how you roll . 
  i end up frustrated , and you go on to find another victim . 
  i am being efficient and expediting the entire process . 
  if you do n't understand what is being said , you should avoid commenting . 
  oh we do , but the culinary traditions in the south mean that they consume food more responsibly than we do in the uk . 
  which is why obesity is a big problem in the uk and not so much in italy . 
   italian food producers in particular claim the system fails to take into account southern culinary traditions that use high-fat foods sparingly and as part of a balanced diet . 
  why should it take into account southern culinary traditions when they do n't exist in the uk . 
  we 're fat fuckers . 
  what a waste of time . 
  it 's time for another concert of europe , assemble the great powers !, 
  the one rule we have is that neither of us gets to own the continent , it 's the one bloody rule we have and you ca n't stick to it !, 
  anyway , this means war . 
  it 's your time to choose where to fight and there are not many places where we would get away with it these days and i do n't much fancy shittng in our own back yard . 
  how about quebec ? 
  do n't try to deny that you would n't find yourself a nice little slice of ukraine too , just because we did . 
  after that we could party like it 's 1853 . 
  not really , seeing as the distance between frankfurt and stalingrad is 2500 km , and the technology and logistics behind that war are completely different . 
  ( honestly why reduce it down to hyperbole ? ), 
  and the military is a complete unit , what troops are where does n't determine what is bombed . 
  the bridges being gone hampered both traffic on the danube that might have been used to transport the material of war south , and traffic across the danube that might have ended up in kosovo . 
  it might have also disrupted any supplies from the oil refinery . 
  i 'm not going to sit here and argue about it , i 'm not a military strategist so i ca n't speak with any authority . 
  but the bridges look like a cheap target compared to other places that were bombed . 
  there are issues where cluster bombs destined for airfields in urban areas ended up in civilian areas . 
  ( this warranted a policy change from the pentagon ) there are plenty of shitty decisions made during the bombings but i do n't think the bridges are the most controversial . 
  well basically , it 's to make the logistics of keeping your army supplied harder . 
  so this will involve hitting infrastructure like bridges . 
  the plan was n't regime change at this point , the immediate concern was stopping yugoslavian forces from acting in kosovo the fact there was a much smaller risk of civilian casualties from bombing a bridge rather than somewhere else probably bumped it up the target list too . 
  telecommunications infrastructure is a legitimate target too . 
  i have n't really seen any legitimate reasoning behind bombing water plants . 
  sorry it was sarcasm . 
  apparently it was n't clear enough . 
  i was being sarcastic .
