thank fuck for that . 
  ah , the french . . * ah , the french ... *, 
  i honestly do n't know enough to make that kind of judgement . 
  catobar would have meant a much bigger investment in the carrier force we operated , the invincible class carriers were small ships and design was probably dictated by budget and politics . 
  it 's hard to justify spending money on huge carriers given the mess the british economy was in when it came to replace the carriers we were still using from wwii , and well we were never likely to be operating alone and nato carriers could fill in gaps in our capability if needed . 
  plans for a carrier that would launch naval f4 's were scrapped , and the royal navy made do with what the resources would allow . 
  it 's a bit weird , it 's the kind of advantage we 're not likely to ever use . 
  if we get to the point where we 're fighting someone with the capability to damage our air fields and carrier groups we might be looking at a doomsday type scenario anyway . 
  harriers were not really meant to go toe to toe against modern air superiority fighters , but they dealt with the old a-4 skyhawks and mirage iii 's the argentinians used , the su-27 would have eaten a harrier alive , but the harrier was never meant to deal with it. , the tornado 's would have had responsibility for those . 
  it 's not stobar , it 's stovl . 
  in the event of a real war i guess it gives us the option of hiding the jets in unconventional places . 
  i can imagine the sea harriers and harriers during the cold war easily shared parts for maintenance so it made sense , i do n't know how many parts are interchangeable between the f35a and the f35b , but i 'd imagine that has something to do with us using the vtol variant on our carriers . 
  ( aside from the fact that neither of the two new carriers will be equipped to deal the f35c . ), 
  ca n't even land french planes on our carriers , and i do n't know if the deck if the de gaulle can support the f35 without getting damaged . 
  crying shame we should have paid extra and gone nuclear with cats and traps so we could integrate with france and the usa more . 
  a ~ ~ lannister ~ ~ ~ ~ saxe-coburg and gotha ~ ~ windsor always pays his debts . 
  ^ ^ * eventually *, 
  that 's a stamp mate , we do n't put kids tv shows on stamps . 
  great uncle bulgaria is one of the uk 's national heroes . 
  4th tuesday in february every year we have womble day , where we honour the ancient womble spirits who keep our city parks clean . 
  he keeps wimbledon common exceptionally clean , and brought recycling to our hearts in the 70 's . 
  they 're both going to be full of nutters . 
  chose one depending on what form your nutbaggery takes . 
  nothing of any value comes from either of those , they 're less useful than / r/mhoc , and that 's got a grossly disproportionate amount of communists involved . 
  we do n't really get much extreme weather . 
  it 's just drizzle and grey sky in my part of our island . 
  i do n't think there 's a camera capable of displaying our subtle shades of grey . 
  oh right . 
  does this apply to all european nations who break treaties , or is this yet another example of your distaste for the uk ? 
  quite a few romanians here have spent the last 10 , nearly 11 months with debilitating arse ache over the way the drop in travel restrictions was talked about in the uk . 
  since i do n't want to be entirely negative : i kinda like france , the world is better off with you existing . 
  well since the comment thread i was replying to was comparing the uk and france and their fortunes since 2008 , i thought i would add to the comparisons . 
  since the uk and france are very closely ranked on lots of metrics , the uk and france comparisons are going to come up when looking at either country . 
  i like the silliness of the england vs france rivalry but my god i swear most people in here ca n't recognise where it starts or ends . 
  honestly the whole problem you have with what i posted is that you object to an englishman discussing or shining light on french problems . 
  and  `` check the figures '' yeah sure , i 'll get round to checking the imf 's figures after dinner , should n't take me more than an hour i 'm sure . 
  no this scandal is about different things for different people . 
  some people take issue with any raise , some take issues with any payments to the eu , some people take issue where we 're being taxed retroactively , and some take issue that were being taxed on the basis of our `` shadow '' economy , i might have missed out on some points but i think you will know what i mean . 
  what ? 
  yes , if that 's what 's fair . 
  yeah `` rules '' which are enforceable up to the point where a member nation says `` no '' . 
  i fully recommend a `` no '' from the british government . 
  the eu budget does n't need increasing , and i see no reason to implement these changes retroactively . 
  if they want us to pay our fair share going forward then that is another matter i have less of a problem with . 
  and the uk economy looks likely to overtake france 's next year according to the imf . 
  i appreciate them not dropping this on us at a more politically convenient time , but as someone who does n't want to see more ukip mp 's you can see why this `` fairness '' might have come at a bad time . 
  the answer should be no , not now , not ever . 
  the eu does not need anymore money . 
  what ridiculous fucking timing , its as if they want to prop up ukip . 
  pop music or `` modern/pop/electric rubbish '' is our culture , sure it 's culture we developed alongside the usa but it 's no less ours too . 
  it 's hard to identify english culture because it 's never unique to england , we exported it across the globe in the 18/th19th/20th century and imported stuff from other regions of the world that changed our culture at home . 
  our culture is n't tied to language since english has long since become something that we english ca n't control or shape , it 's global . 
  in my little corner of england may pole dancing is still a thing , as are sheep herding trials , dry stone walling , town carnivals , well dressings etc etc. 
  100 's of years of traditions you 're probably unaware of or just forgetting about . 
  traditional english foods are cooked for familys by familys all over the country , i honestly do n't know how you can say otherwise with authority . 
  no such thing as central europe . 
  you 're either a potato farmer or a godless heathen . 
  there 's no room for inbetweeners . 
   most english people do n't eat english food , drink english drinks , sing english songs , play english instruments , dance english dances , read english poems etc. 
  you live in london , one of a handful of global world cities . 
  of course you 're not going to be aware of english traditions or see them practiced widely . 
  nope, 
   i never really got this ( seemingly ) irrational urge to be tried before a panel of lay persons , that in practice will never have enough judicial knowledge than a judge . 
  the jury is n't there for their judicial knowledge , they 're there to view the merits of both sides of the case and proclaim someone guilty or not guilty . 
  the sentencing , and the running of the court is kept completely separate from the jury . 
  how long have you been subscribed to / r/europe ? 
  crazy eddie, 
  and i 'm sure you 're reaction to this chinese article written by a chinese person is n't at all coloured by your obsession with the anglosphere . 
  but do n't change , reactions like these are a part of what makes mocking the french such tireless good fun . 
  sorry froggy but mocking the french in one article does n't make this china based publication any more a member of the anglosphere than belgium is . 
  also it 's been edited since , and now it only mentions making fun of the french , a hobby every culture can appreciate . 
   i would say something , but everybody will call me racist if i do . 
  nice of you to let us know you 're racist without exposing us directly to your stupidity . 
  cheers . 
  and they say germans do n't have a sense of humour !, 
  a war would solve our youth unemployment problems , eliminate the fine arts degree and push technological progress along even faster assuming we survive . 
  wars got a bad rep , give war a chance . 
  it also clutters up headlines and makes it more difficult to scan through , i do n't mind people choosing to do it , but i 'd prefer if they did n't . 
  the important thing about / r/europe is a place for europeans to get together to talk about anything european or anything affecting europeans , it 's a place to come together and recognize what we have in common , not how we have hundreds of different languages and `` look how diverse we are ! '', 
  80 % of my submission was word art , when i resubmit it next year i 'm going to cut at least 60 % out . 
  apparently there is such a thing as too much word art . 
  why ? 
  well the natural order of things will be restored next year as our economy overtakes yours , we both overtake germany within the decade and then an envious germany can look forward to igniting another war as they regain strength a decade after that . 
  it 's / r/europe 's old habbit of burying it 's head in the sand when it comes to negative news from inside the eurozone . 
  organizations like the imf are worried about germany & france , but presumably it 's some anglo-american conspiracy to quite a few users here . 
  it 's not as if anyone will be cheering as the big eurozone economies falter , our fate is tied to theirs . 
  [ we all know the reason people voted for ukip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srudftdkh3e&amp;list=uunvy_mm4iqcuutirr7ienla ), 
  well that can identify which country created the warhead , it 's still possible for putin to turn around and claim ukraine did n't give up all of its cold war stockpile and allowed super fascist ninja nazis to use them . 
  not that i 'm suggesting that it 's likely . 
  yes , stop posting these wishy washy threads where you obsess over your national identity or what other people think about you and your nationality . 
  if you 're not just posting this sort of bollocs in the hope of some sympathy karma then get involved at any level of politics and stop exposing the rest us to your biweekly panic attacks . 
  lol ? 
  fuck you . 
  you fucking cunt . 
  perfect, 
  then submit the el mundo link . 
  rt post disguised as blogspam again . 
  no , what a stupid question . 
  as if rt can somehow leech credibility from an appearance from snowdon rather than it 's own journalistic record . 
  are we disguising unreliable rt youtube videos as blogspam now ?
