  if washington does not feel confident that its `` crown jewels '' of stealth technology can be protected , it may decline to give australia its state-of-the-art combat system . 
  dcns yesterday sought to reassure australians that the leak of the data on the indian scorpene submarine would not happen with its proposed submarine for australia . 
  the company also implied -- but did not say directly -- that the leak might have occurred at india 's end , rather than from france . 
  `` uncontrolled technical data is not possible in the australian arrangements , '' the company said . 
  `` multiple and independent controls exist within dcns to prevent unauthorised access to data and all data movements are encrypted and recorded . 
  in the case of india , where a dcns design is built by a local company , dcns is the provider and not the controller of technical data . 
  `` in the case of australia , and unlike india , dcns is both the provider and in-country controller of technical data for the full chain of transmission and usage over the life of the submarines . '' however , the australian has been told that the data on the scorpene was written in france for india in 2011 and is suspected of being removed from france in that same year by a former french navy officer who was at that time a dcns subcontractor . 
  the data is then believed to have been taken to a company in southeast asia , possibly to assist in a commercial venture for a regional navy . 
  it was subsequently passed by a third party to a second company in the region before being sent on a data disk by regular mail to a company in australia . 
  it is unclear how widely the data has been shared in asia or whether it has been obtained by foreign intelligence agencies . 
  the data seen by the australian also includes separate confidential dcns files on plans to sell french frigates to chile and the french sale of the mistral-class amphibious assault ship carrier to russia . 
  these dcns projects have no link to india , which adds weight to the probability that the data files were removed from dcns in france . 
  dcns australia this month signed a deed of agreement with the defence department , paving the way for talks over the contract which will guide the design phase of the new submarines . 
  the government plans to build 12 submarines in adelaide to replace the six-boat collins-class fleet from the early 2030s . 
  the shortfin barracuda will be a slightly shorter , conventionally powered version of france 's new fleet of barracuda-class nuclear submarines . 
  defence industry minister christopher pyne said his officials believed the leak had `` no bearing '' on the australia 's submarine program . 
  `` the future submarine program operates under stringent security requirements that govern the manner in which all information and technical data is managed now and into the future , '' mr pyne 's office said in a statement . 
  `` the same requirements apply to the protection of all sensitive information and technical data for the collins class submarines , and have operated successfully for decades . '', 
  paywall nonsense : the french company that won the bid to design australia 's new $ 50 billion submarine fleet has suffered a massive leak of secret documents , raising fears about the future security of top-secret data on the navy 's future fleet . 
  the stunning leak , which runs to 22,400 pages and has been seen by the australian , details the entire secret combat capability of the six scorpene-class submarines that french shipbuilder dcns has designed for the indian navy . 
  a variant of the same french-designed scorpene is also used by the navies of malaysia , chile and , from 2018 , brazil , so news of the edward snowden-sized leak -- revealed today -- will trigger alarm at the highest level in these countries . 
  marked `` restricted scorpene india '' , the dcns documents detail the most sensitive combat capabilities of india 's new $ us3 bn ( $ 3.9 bn ) submarine fleet and would provide an intelligence bonanza if obtained by india 's strategic rivals , such as pakistan or china . 
  the leak will spark grave concern in australia and especially in the us where senior navy officials have privately expressed fears about the security of top-secret data entrusted to france . 
  in april dcns , which is two-thirds owned by the french government , won the hotly contested bid over germany and japan to design 12 new submarines for australia . 
  its proposed submarine for australia -- the yet-to-be-built shortfin barracuda -- was chosen ahead of its rivals because it was considered to be the quietest in the water , making it perfectly suited to intelligence-gathering operations against china and others in the region . 
  any stealth advantage for the navy 's new submarines would be gravely compromised if data on its planned combat and performance capabilities was leaked in the same manner as the data from the scorpene . 
  the leaked dcns data details the secret stealth capabilities of the six new indian submarines , including what frequencies they gather intelligence at , what levels of noise they make at various speeds and their diving depths , range and endurance -- all sensitive information that is highly classified . 
  the data tells the submarine crew where on the boat they can speak safely to avoid detection by the enemy . 
  it also discloses magnetic , electromagnetic and infra-red data as well as the specifications of the submarine 's torpedo launch system and the combat system . 
  it details the speed and conditions needed for using the periscope , the noise specifications of the propeller and the radiated noise levels that occur when the submarine surfaces . 
  the data seen by the australian includes 4457 pages on the submarine 's underwater sensors , 4209 pages on its above-water sensors , 4301 pages on its combat management system , 493 pages on its torpedo launch system and specifications , 6841 pages on the sub 's communications system and 2138 on its navigation systems . 
  the australian has chosen to redact sensitive information from the documents . 
  prime minister malcolm turnbull said it was important to note the submarine dcns was building for india was a completely different model to the one it will build for australia and the leaked information was a few years out of date . 
  nevertheless , any leak of classified information was a concern . 
  the eurozone crisis and is ongoing , and the problems with the structure of the euro still have a detrimental effect on the lives on millions throughout the eurozone . 
  as for the immigration crisis , it was n't close to the scale of the eurozone , and yes it 's effects were felt in more local regions and amplified europewide by the media , but i still do n't think the eu managed the situation well . 
  or politicians failing to make the eu work , i honestly think we 'd have stayed in if there was no eurozone crisis or immigration crisis . 
  which is slightly funny , as neither were things that we were directly involved in . 
  for fuck sake . 
  it 's traditional , and these trying times , we must look to tradition for comfort . 
  yeah but on the other side , they are having to deal with french people on a daily basis , so it 's understandable . 
  it 's probably a prototype picket line . 
  dear swamp german , we were very pleased to see you offer to help out with flooding here , but we have few issues with the sea , it 's the water from the sky we struggle with . 
  sincerely , the united kingdom, 
  it 's hillarious , need to get together and put `` dis '' in the front of it, 
  and yet here we are all these years later and we still occupy your country . 
  grow up . 
  seems like an easy smart move to make given turkey would never meet the requirements and it keeps thousands of refugees out of europe during a year where some big elections are happening . 
  i do n't hold it against them, 
  cornwall 's unique culture died centuries ago , now it 's clinged to by nutters . 
  europe was never going to keep it 's end of the bargain with the visa 's , it was a delaying tactic . 
  it will keep the majority out of europe this year , but not next . 
  portugal was n't meeting the deficit rules . 
   that degree of arrogance only the british are capable of . 
  pretty much sums you up , you are as dimwitted as your comment history suggests . 
  [ in august 2016 portugal and spain were given extra time to meet eu budget deficit rules , much as france were ] ( https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37023479 ) [ portugal did break the rules which is why they were under threat of being fined ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/45cf2eb2-1ce2-11e6-b286-cddde55ca122 ) [ and here are the rules they broke ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/glossary:stability_and_growth_pact_\\ ( sgp \\ ) ) and the anti austerity budget proposed by the socialist / communist government is what sparked this . 
  what is so difficult to understand ? 
  and why are we even arguing about this , my main point was pointing out of ludicrous your original statement was . 
  the rules were changed to accommodate what they were already doing , so they get an extra few years to meet deficit targets . 
  not my point though , which seems to have escaped you . 
  moving against the eus wishes or desires in any fashion does not indicate disdain for europe . 
  when the portuguese elected a government that campaigned on anti austerity grounds and broke fiscal guidelines under threat of fines the portuguese showed disdain for europe . 
  see how fucking ridiculous the stuff you say is ? 
  understandable , it appears to be written in some archaic script . 
  yes because it 's always fun when someone is suffering . 
  i 'm not blaming the eu , and i did n't read the rest of your comment because it 's clear you want to argue with my flag regardless of the content of my comments . 
  i 'm not saying that the british government is n't responsible , it 's certainly part of the problem , but every government in europe is responsible . 
  i 'm not here to claim that somehow we 're not going to be stuck in the same situation outside the eu . 
  and the greek government might have cheated their way into the euro , but it 's still the people who are paying the price , largely the young who are paying for the decisions of their parents ( if you want to hold voters accountable ) . 
  the eu also enforces austerity on eurozone countries , is negotiating the ttip and the isds with it , helped subdue wages by opening the labour market , banned state intervention to save industrial jobs etc. 
  it 's not black and white , it never is . 
  but the eu is n't the problem as i 've already said . 
  the main thing i was trying to point out is arguing the benefit for the british economy should n't hold as much weight for british voters if they 're not seeing the spoils of it regardless . 
  i have no idea , but i think it 's fair to recognise a problem but not know how to fix it , especially a problem on a global scale like this one . 
  the uk might have done well , but the british people have n't . 
  this is n't a problem caused by the eu , but by the greed of wealthy . 
  the eu has helped keep wealth in the hands of the wealthy , it 's a victim of circumstance but it 's still being used as a tool . 
  leaving the eu wo n't help , but staying it it wo n't help the british people either . 
  it 's time we stopped focusing on an economic model that promises us scraps from the table while the rich feast . 
  the only person here that is deluded is you , you hate brits so much that pretty much 90 % of your history on that account is devoted to expressing it at every opportunity . 
  done & dusted . 
  maybe you could move on from it too instead of spouting tired nationalist clich\u00e9s and expressing your hate of the brits on web forums, 
  well i 'm sure if a relic from 1916 can comment on these threads then i guess there ca n't be much of an issue with a few subjects commenting . 
  it helps for as long as it helps , no one can see the future or what the future of the eu might be . 
  who knows what might happen , i do n't really consider it likely but the eu could descend into a civil war after forming as a state or any number of possible scenarios . 
  it could also find itself at risk from attack from russia or space aliens or anything , it does n't guarantee peace . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is let 's not slip into war again because we do n't think it 's possible . 
  oh do be quiet, 
  he loves the uk really , him posting his rants in every thread is just him trying to break his addiction . 
  the eu did n't create peace in europe . 
  i 'd start smaller and look at moving out from your parents first . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  relatively ? 
  yes . 
  you chased them into the desert and they melted away , the operation was a success but it was n't a fight . 
  ( which means you won in the best way ) anyway i 'm not interested in a pissing competition based on flag colours . 
  i do n't know , part of being the usa 's # 1 partner will invariably mean getting involved in stuff like iraq and afghanistan where the commitment is much larger . 
  i 'm not sure if the recent attacks in france will have swayed france enough to encourage them to get involved in that type of deployment . 
  and i think that 's basically what the us wants , they do n't need our help to stomp other countries , but they do like to stand in front of a whole lot of other nations in the un and be able to claim it 's the right thing to do and we have international support . 
  a few thousand troops .
