  the only wars that count are the ones where both sides display flags . 
  flags are important . 
  / this is a light hearted comment etc etc. 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  reddit , officially shaping foreign policy since 2011 . 
  oh you precious little thing , if you let something like this shape your opinions on a country to this degree , then you 're going to find yourself in a little bit of a pickle as you move on with the european project . 
  last time i checked i was n't alive 150 years ago . 
  please find someone else with british flair to argue over inconsequential bullshit with if that 's what you want , i wo n't take the bait . 
  you did , you hid it behind a latin phrase it appears you do not understand . 
  i think they 're significantly different enough to warrant the distinction . 
  conquest of europe to clarify . 
  the uk never had a napoleon or the means to support such a campaign . 
  of course we did spend our time sailing round the world planting flags in bits of land . 
  we had the sea 's and our colony 's , i do n't think there was ever a point where we aspired for conquest and we certainly never came close to being able to conquer europe . 
  britain never had the military might ( leaving aside the navy ) to force it 's will on huge nations like france , spain and austria alone ( no tech advantage , unlike china where we basically rolled ships up a river and made our demands very clear ) . 
  we never dominated europe either , nations like france and germany posed a threat to the uk until very recently . 
  i think we were more interested in being rich rather than having a huge european empire , you needed a huge colonial empire or a huge trading fleet etc etc to be rich , not lots of farms in continental europe with an unhappy population . 
  why waste time trying to subjugate europe when there was nothing to gain . 
  yes that 's it , basically but has gone on for much longer . 
  making sure that no one european power became dominant for many reasons , keeping the catholic nations at war so that the monarchy was n't replaced with a catholic puppet , making sure that one nation did n't block our ability to trade with others . 
  for a large period of time our nations security and prosperity relied on the fact that everyone else had bigger fish to fry . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_spanish_succession is a good example of this policy being actively pursued . 
  but that 's maintaining the balance of power . 
  divide and conquer is something different . 
  no i mean the balance of power . 
  just examine englands / great britains foreign policy over the past four century 's . 
  divide and conquer is something different . 
  you 're assuming that in the next 40 years someone does n't come up with something that makes nuclear weapons or at least the methods they 're deployed via irrelevant . 
  40 years is a long time for technology . 
  also the burden of maintaining enough of a credible threat to europe that it does n't decide to invade would do enough damage on it 's own . 
  i 'm just playing devils advocate here anyway , i just think it 's pretty naive to assume that the playing field in 40 years will still be the same as it was for the last 100 years . 
  i 'm assuming europe will go down the path of least resistantance and follow something akin to germany 's / the usa 's model . 
  as for superstate i 'm talking about a collection of smaller states under one administration , i 'm not sure how this is different from `` state of states '', 
  yes and that means that people in less populated states are massively better represented than those in populous states . 
  we 're trying to build a fully functioning democratic europe , it 's hard enough as it is without throwing in huge huge problems like the one above . 
  yes at the moment , but that would n't work within a superstate . 
  putting aside the right or wrong of it all , i do think as a long term view it is rather inconsistent . 
  but i do n't really know how the snp views the eu developing beyond the euro / fiscal union etc , no idea how deep they want to go . 
  is that too much of a stretch ? 
  britains intrests have always been to maintain the balance of power on the continent . 
  what 's to say that in 40 years a european superstate wo n't decide to cross the channel ? 
  you might think that 's absurd but we went from widespread destruction in ww1 to ww2 in a much shorter space of time . 
  yeah but , they have a devolved parliament at home looking after more local issues i would imagine that when the eu takes the `` next step '' they would be in much the same situation . 
  probably worse considering the population of scotland is around 5 and a half million and the population of the eu as a whole is around 500 million already . 
  anyway , i 'm going of on a tangent here sorry . 
  that 's something i 've never understood about the snp , they would like a referendum regarding the uk , but are quite happy to throw in their lot with the eu which will inevitably slide towards full union . 
  but it 'll keep on getting worse each day until more politicians start to think with a european mindset , as opposed to `` how-do-i-get-re-elected-in-my-country '' or `` how-can-i-piss-them-off-from-across-the-channel '' . 
  basically i 'm not sure if what it was what you intended , but from this i got the impression that you thought the eurozones problems would be magically resolved if the uk stopped being an obstruction to further integration . 
  do n't waste your time with walkereu . 
  as a brit i would like to apologise for the post above and it 's blatent pandering to the subreddit as a whole . 
  david cameron is no more or less of a cunt than any other career politician . 
  blaming the uk for the eurozones problems is childish . 
  no doubt it 's a grand accomplishment , but if anything the current state of the eu demonstrates that negotiations and compromises do not work in the long term . 
  ca n't tell if your wrote that with a smile on your face or not . 
  please clarify . 
  no it 's not , not at all , not even remotely close to the word `` nigger '' . 
  piigs is the accepted acronym for portugal ireland italy greece and spain as a group . 
  `` nigger '' is a derogatory term for humans with black/brown skin . 
  they 're not even in the same neighbourhood , and i find the fact you find the term as offensive as that word is laughable . 
   and as a final word - it does not suprise me that this guy is german . 
  he is the textbook example of the guilt-ridden , masochistic intellectual german . 
  this is what imidiatly startled me , he didnt seem to have any issue putting the blame for wwi solely at the feet of germany either . 
  was very odd reading this . 
  do n't be so ridiculous . 
  if you 're going to argue against the euro please please please pick a more solid basis than '' if a pound is not called a pound then we loose national identity '', 
  i do n't think the rest of the uk were ready to be fair . 
  i feel england is basically seen as london so here are two old cultural legacies from the north of england you may not have seen or heard . 
  [ kes 1969 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064541/ ) [ george fornby - when i 'm cleaning windows ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfmaeijj5cm ) i could have picked something more modern but what the hell :d, 
  if you 're willing to put yourself out here then you need to be prepared to defend what you say . 
  otherwise you may as well not comment . 
  yes it might seem like too much effort but god-damnit , this is the internet and someone might be wrong !, 
  and this marked the point in which athiestmil resorted to the creationist method of debate . 
  no i would n't leave the eu it 's the future . 
  do i like the speed at which the eu is moving ahead ? 
  no , there 's very little effort been made to convince people that this is for the best the referendums showed that even on the continent people still feel like they 're being swept away by the european project . 
  do i think we should consider joining the eurozone ? 
  yes , but when the time is right , i would n't expect us to join if it 's going to tank our economy . 
  and i suspect i could be downvoted for this i do n't want to be 80 years old , sat on the cliffs of dover wondering if a european army will choose to invade . 
  nato 's relevance is diminishing , it 's time for us to mind our own affairs , our own disputes , and our own security without the usa snapping us into line ( as a continent ) i think people forget that for several centuries we 've been under threat of invasion from at least one european country or another , centuries of fear and loathing about that lot over the channel might decide one day to hop into a few boats and ruin our lives takes more than 30-40 years to dissolve . 
  i suspect it 's made worse because we 've always managed to escape such a scenario by the skin of our teeth , i honestly think that this is having a large impact on the uk 's relationship with europe . 
  ( at no point in what i wrote above would i like it to be taken as me seeing that as a sensible way to guide our relationships with europe but it 's an issue here and it will take more than one or two generations of peace to get out of our system . ), 
  that 's including the rebate . 
  the french economy is bigger and is receiving a bigger slice of the european pie compared to it 's contribution . 
  ( still taking the rebate in mind ) second only to germany who seem to be ok with the situation ( experience from east germany ? 
  / benifits the other nations have for germany regarding currency value etc. ), 
  so you 're saying that the governments in europe are willing to screw over their own populations because the uk do n't want to adversely affect their own ? 
  i do n't buy it . 
  you 're making the uk a scapegoat . 
  britain is the second largest net contributor to the eu, 
  elaboration on this point ? 
  hey it 's not as if britain has n't stood alone in europe before , seemed to work out in the end last time though . 
  see how we can all reduce this to petty tit for tat based on nationality ? 
  it is remarkably easy to go down this path , but it does n't help us make any progress . 
  the european project is meant to bring us all together , but it seems like you would prefer to rush ahead towards unification whilst leaving those not able or willing to keep up behind . 
  it 's a problem with the whole institution , look at the whole constitution debacle . 
  there 's not enough focus ( from a uk perspective ) on letting people know a ) what 's going on in the european parliament and b ) getting people to understand how a united europe benefits them . 
  im not even sure why i have even sent this reply , you seem to blame the uk for alot of what 's going on in the eurozone whilst absolving the people who managed the economies of the pigs of any responisibility . 
  honestly this subreddit is so anti uk at the moment it feels awkward posting in here . 
  seems as if people think the uk should be helping to bail out these states but should keep out of eurozone policy . 
  how is that fair ?
