  another tunnel would be good , but i 'd wait until we 're not driving our own cars . 
  some dopey git will shut down the tunnel within a week after ploughing it into a wall no matter how straight and level it is . 
  none of that is needed to bring us together though , the problem exists outside the scope of government and laws . 
  a recognition of cultural union must exist before a state level union can exist successfully . 
  the internet could help with that , however much places like / r/europe can turn into / r/worldnewswithflags . 
  well our affairs overlap , frequently . 
   they fear that any attempt to identify long-distant viking ancestry in normandy could awaken racial antagonism and disturb the legally enforced notion that france is indivisible and that all french people are uniformly french . 
  if this is a genuine concern then france might as well give up , march everyone into the atlantic ocean and never return . 
  similar studies have been done here along the east coast . 
  given the vast land that scandinavians raided / settled / conquered seeing how they mixed with the locals is of interest . 
   yes , americans are very prudish , and you never know when a sicko will pull out his a gun thinking this it is a good idea . 
  because of this , among other things , i have always refused to go to the usa for participating at conferences . 
  lol , just lol . 
  but we had eurotrash on channel 4 and topless darts on channel 5 to enjoy growing up . 
  antoine de caunes freed an entire generation of british youngsters from the confines of british prudishness !, 
  napoleon was n't just an evil tyrant any more than he was the second coming . 
  he was as happy making his brothers kings as he was promoting commoners up through the army and awarding them titles and land . 
  happy to butcher civilians with grapeshot , and happy to promote the ideals of the republic to give those people more freedom . 
  he was certainly ambitious . 
  the ideas of the french revolution did n't die with napoleon , he was n't a saint and he was n't a monster . 
  he was however beaten thoroughly , which in the end is all that matters . 
  rule britannia . 
  the battle ended and a period of relative peace between european nations began . 
  100 's of years of destructive british and french rivalry that fuelled wars came to an end . 
  i think it 's a fair sentiment . 
  yes , because when a country turns on it 's jewish population because of the actions of a single jewish person , it 's clearly the jews fault for not monitoring every jew in their country in order to suppress the stupid stereotypes held by a backwards people . 
  damn jews , why do they keep getting away with this . ?!? 
  their first taste of the uk will be ni though , they 'll be back at their national embassies begging to be taken back . 
  it seems to be written in a obscure and strange ancient language , similar to the one you often use . 
  the quality of this subreddit dropped around the time of the ukraine crisis . 
  default status made it worse . 
  we always had nutters , but they were notorious because there were so few . 
  it 's a decade old . 
  you do spend a lot of time telling people to wait until we see the text before judging ttip . 
  that 's going to rattle a large part of reddit 's nutter population . 
  we really should be doing more for these people , no man should have to endure living amongst the french . 
  itt , people not old enough to have used a previous currency, 
  it makes sense , as long as they 're not mixed . 
  only usa/canada/uk / poland out of every member ? 
  that 's fucking disgraceful . 
  i 'm disappointed we only have 49 % / 37 % split . 
  no , it 's beautiful that 1000 's of years of european war have been reduced to a petty argument over pictures on currency . 
   uhm , actually we do n't . 
  given the context , i think it 's quite easy to come to the conclusion that `` we '' means the british . 
   and you 're presumption is correct , i did n't mention the quality of the translation . 
  i swear to god 90 % of any voting here is done by flag colour , not content . 
  your largely confused coment had a positive score , yet my neutral comment on why this video has gone down poorly is worthy of a negative score . 
  / shrug . 
  well the video was over the top , and did n't contain much meat and plenty of misrepresentation . 
  i understand that it 's meant to be funny and not a serious look , but the whole idea with this format is that it 's meant to be funny and insightful at the same time . 
  couple that with the fact that we have to rely on translation to understand it , and it 's probably one of the biggest political points in the uk at the moment so it 's stirring up all that and it 's not hard to see why its been taken badly . 
  i 'm surprised your can hear it underneath all that sand . 
  we 've been sending our shit to australia for centuries , you ca n't blame us when you make one of our grandest shits prime minister . 
  nothing says `` defeat for humanity '' like turning your back on superstitious nonsense that labels homosexuals as wicked perverts . 
  fuck the vatican , i 'd love for someone to take it by force and air it 's dirty laundry . 
  i guess there 's no other way to tackle a constitutional issue . 
  what did the irish constitution say regarding marriage before the vote , i guess it specifically mentioned marriage as being between a man and a woman ? 
  this is the downside to actually having a formal constitution , if it was written 80 years ago it 's going to reflect the standards of the time . 
  i 'm not really talking about turnout . 
  really do n't like the idea of referendums on the rights of a minority . 
  but it looks like 64 % of voters turned out to make the lives of people significantly better at no cost to themselves . 
  it 's sad that that seems like such a great achievement . 
  but its progress , not just for ireland but for `` the west '' in general . 
  lol , anarcho capitalism, 
  we always send such boring generic shit , it truly is incredible that we manage to produce such dense crap it ca n't even float to the top of the shower of shit that is continental europes music . 
  well i would n't say it 's reached its endgame , so judging it a success or failure now would be unfair . 
  i 'm not so much worried about us turning against each other like wwi / wwii , i do n't think we have to be part of the same country to stop that happening . 
  but i 'm sure a poorly constructed federal eu could result in war in some future scenario . 
  and by massive support i mean not just a simple majority . 
  a 51 % yes vote would n't be enough , i do n't even know if 67 % would be `` right '' . 
  it needs to be beyond all doubt , we can put in some measures to allow the eu to gain the kind of support it needs by doing good work , but then you 're faced with chicken and the egg style scenarios . 
  it 's almost as if constructing a new nation from what we have in the eu might be hard :d, 
  pan-eu parties would be good , separating the european parliament from nationalistic concerns would improve the institution to the point where i might have more faith handing over more power to them . 
  a project as large as this must have the consent of a massive majority to succeed , i do n't think just being democratic is enough . 
  i do n't want my grandchildren to be fighting in some hypothetical future civil war 40 years after the federal eu is born . 
  it needs a rock solid foundation and that can only come with massive support . 
  youve got things the wrong way round , you need to get people to want a federal eu before a strong and efficient eu can be born . 
  at the moment , the eu is dragging us towards federalisation and every so often we give the leash a tug ( constitution referendums , opt-outs ) and if it goes too far it 'll snap . 
  if we carry on like this , depending on how far we get , when the leash snaps , it 's going to be messy . 
  it 's a joke , like on topgear . 
  expanded devolution for scotland and english cities . 
  the eu referendum , and when it will take place . 
  i honestly do n't think party leadership of labour/lib dems and the plight of ukip are pressing issues for the uk ... 
  seems to be based on this websites findings . 
  [ globalfirepower ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/ ) and here 's the uk / france comparison : [ comparrison ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-kingdom&amp;country2=france&amp;submit=compare ) i find it hard to take it seriously though , they cite wikipedia as one of it 's sources . 
  i think pressure from people on the u.s mainland is going to be the only thing that gets either side of congress to champion puerto rico . 
  meanwhile the people living there suffer from a lack of representation and their fate is not even in their own hands . 
  they even pay federal taxes , which is funny given how the usa was born . 
  anyway , that 's my case for the u.s empire , good by the standards of 1922 , but bad for 2015 . 
  so they can vote to join the us , as long as the us lets them vote in a binding referendum , which they do n't . 
  democracy in action !, 
  they already did , in 2012 , but the us congress does n't care . 
  not that i think that this particular thread has any merits . 
  just thought i would mention it . 
  puerto ricans and american samoans would be part of your `` empire '' , they 're u.s territories but the people there ca n't vote for their own leaders . 
  i 'm a lib dem at heart , but i live in a labour/conservative marginal . 
  i 'd prefer to keep the libdem/conservative coalition than any partnership with labour . 
  i 'll be tactically voting conservative . 
  do you wear a feather in your cap ? 
  as an englishman , he has the right to step away from convention .
