  ( the `` cambridge 5 '' ) of course we had some soviets acting as double agents for us too . 
  yeah same year as me , he had a big freezer full of popices and those cartoons of juice and then mars bars etc. 
  good old stailys dailys i 've not though about that place in years . 
  must have been a newsagents tradition across the country . 
  oh wow , we did that too . 
  looks like we were born the same year as well . 
  did you have a newsagents who froze them during summer ? 
  so much nostalgia . 
  not literally stealing , but those workers for the agency ended up taking home less than the rest of the people doing the same job , the company was paying more for them too . 
  now i do n't know how hard it would have been for a polish person to move to the uk and find work in the first half of last decade , but it seemed to me that the guys could have found jobs without the use of the agency . 
  then again , i have not been in that situation . 
  and :  the agency worker works for the agency , not the place they do the work at . 
  it is no different to someone who works for a company as a pc engineer going to a clients site and fixing their computers . 
  their company bills the client # x and pays the engineer # y. 
  $ temp does put it in perspective for me, 
  well , the company i worked at paid something like # 6.30 an hour to the agency , and then the agency paid the workers # 5.30 . 
  the maths might not be entirely correct , but that 's how one of the lads explained it to me . 
  i think some of them were employed outright by the company after 6 months , but it was a while ago and im not sure of all the details . 
  i 'm so shocked ... 
  but what i would be more shocked by is if they released information about all the nations assisting the nsa and there happened to be a country in the eu that was n't taking part . 
  i agree too , but only down to my experiences . 
  7-8 years ago i was working in a factory who employed a fair few polish lads . 
  they were dedicated to the job , did n't see it as temporary or as a last resort and worked hard to keep their jobs . 
  it was actually embarrassing to see how the employment agency 's were stealing a quid an hour off them when they were working harder than the young brits ( including me ) who really did n't give much of a fuck . 
  i think it just comes down to that for those polish lads , who had moved over to earn higher wages this was their endgame as far as their career went in the uk , they sent home some money to their family 's and had a relatively comfortable life here . 
  they 're actually achieving whatever goals they set for themselves . 
  british youngsters are either in that kind of work because they 're undereducated or working temporally in that field while they look for other work in their preferred field . 
  there 's a definite gap in expectations , with many under qualified brits thinking themselves `` too good '' for the kind of jobs they get in factories . 
  all anecdotal really , but that 's what i 've thought . 
  rule 1.1 : do n't mention the war . 
  good 2 . 
  good 4 . 
  excellent 5 . 
  is great 6 . 
  literally hitler etc. 
  1a ) think most people do , which is nice . 
  2b ) wishful thinking :d, 
   you 're reducing international politics to a playground scenario . 
   ...  i grow tired of this . 
  if you did n't want to talk about this , or face criticisms for your comments you should n't have written comments like this :  however the island is still high on history and it 's faltering superpower ally 's bully-strength so it does n't understand that actions have consequences even for the glorious anglo-saxon allience . 
  as cameron and you demonstrate in such an endearingly arrogant way . 
  i also do n't really appreciate being accused of derailing a conversation when you first brought up the issue of net neutrality when my original post only discussed the spying on our allies . 
  bit of a pissy way to end the comment thread . 
  / shrug, 
   you seem to be very much in sync with cameron 's message , you even said so yourself that you are okay with this kind of spying . 
  i do apologize if i misunderstood and you not in sync with him as regards general mass surveillance , but i do n't see any problem with spying on the governments of europe and the world in general . 
   it was called the five eyes or something ... 
  those countries that share their heritage , history and signed a treaty saying they wo n't spy on each other . 
  and wo n't sign such a treaty with other nations . 
  yes , the anglo faction . 
  but it 's not all that it comes down to with me . 
  just when it 's the topic actually . 
  like in this thread . 
  you seem to have chip on shoulder regarding the usa and the uk , you have come across as not giving a hoot about france taking part in cooperate espionage against it 's allies or germany spying on its own people . 
  this is n't only a problem for the five eyes , we 're just probably putting the most money into it due to a ) the histroric importance of british intelligence and b ) the fact that on of those countries is the only super power on the planet and can easily fund something massively bigger than anyone else . 
   you actually do have a point here . 
  the problem is that since to basic infrastructure of the net started in the us they have a disproportionate inflence over how it works . 
  that is very problematic in light of the fact that they use and distort the basic information network of humanity without much in the way of scruples . 
  see the problem there ? 
  yes i see the problem other nations might have with that . 
   my - mind you ad hoc - proposed solution to this was a compartmentalized network with a common neutral area as big as the current net . 
  for anonymous social networking , activism , memes , new media , what have you . 
  preferably with the servers in switzerland or singapore - some accorded neutral territory . 
  not where the nsa and the gchq can walkk into the building a physically access it . 
  that 's not good enough for me , i do n't trust switzerland or singapore any more than any other country . 
  the internet is important enough to have truly dedicated neutral land to facilitate it 's services in a neutral manner . 
  there 's also the issue of keeping the internet free , and not allowing stuff to be arbitrarly censored by one government , that 's a problem at the moment but any movement would further separate the law makers away from the public using it and their scrutiny . 
   now this is just funny how you presume to know how i know what i know . 
  how delightfully meta . 
  again . 
  you know , you are being kind of obstinate . 
  however as this serves you well in evading addressing the actual geopolitical realities so i guess i understand . 
  i just wish you want to talk about something that 's just your opinion on things , and one i see fairly often on here when the uk falls under criticism for actions . 
  you 're reducing international politics to a playground scenario . 
   maybe the information network of humanity should be compartmentalized and not left in the hands of a proven untrustworthy player in the geopolitical/economical game ? 
  like brazil has been calling for as well as germany now . 
  also , i recall china making waves about this even before the extent of the hypocrisy of anglo faction became common knowledge . 
  there should be a sandbox type common network area naturally . 
  under common control - at the hardware level . 
  anglo faction ? 
  really is this all it comes down to with you ? 
  i agree the internet should be globally managed , but what worries me about that is would it not be easier for restrictions to be placed on it 's freedom ? 
  it 's already at risk from almost every direction . 
   also , you seem to have forgotten the tidbit about the surveillance society your country and your big brother do so love to foist on their own citizenry and now have been caught red handed trying to unilaterally force upon democratic societies . 
  in the words of your eton-educated pm : the information you gather has helped europe and you are not going to apologize for that . 
  hypoboloc claptrap , britain as well as the rest of the western world is struggling to adapt and come to terms with the very rapid way technology is changing everything about how information regarding us is stored and transmitted . 
  you 'd have to be naive to think that anyone has it worked out . 
  germany used trojans to gather information on it 's own citizens , there are probably countless examples of an out of touch administration doing possibly immoral things with digital information . 
  i 'm not going to address your comments regarding your dislike of the anglosphere , what 's the point ? 
  you sit here talking about how the uk thinks it 's a superpower , probably because you have seen someone else say the same thing and thought it sounded good . 
  the british government , and the british people hold no illusions of power beyond what is actually the case . 
  britain 's smaller influence on the wider world is often referenced any time it 's likely to come up . 
  you ca n't even separate what i write from my other countrymen or my government , it 's just another rant . 
  where are you from that breeds such hostility towards americans and the british ? 
  always raises a smile , what an excellent tv show , it and the thick of it are two of my favourites . 
   the uk should be given a big old spanking by the comission for the economic espionage - that 's not free market economics and it should be severely penalized . 
  france wo n't like that . 
  after all as far as economic espionage goes they have their fingers in many pies too . 
   the basic architecture of the global network should be removed from the influence of those who have proven themselves to be unworthy of it . 
  unworthy of it ?
