  giving the amount of information sharing that happens between the usa and uk , intelligence cooperation and similar foreign policy goals there would likely never be a reason why the usa would need to act in this manner . 
  they would ask , and they would receive . 
  i would n't be surprised if the cia had acted in the uk without the express permission of the government though , that 's just the way the world works . 
  that was a risky click while at work , but thanks for finding that easily digested breakdown . 
  well there 's a few separate jihadist groups , it 's quite hard to pick up any information on them casually ( english sources ) i would n't be surprised if some of them are distinguished through ethnic grounds . 
  but i 'm happy to see it might not be as much of a problem as in iraq/afghanistan . 
   this arrogance is why you 're fucked pot , kettle . 
  that 's because they have n't even started yet . 
  they 're not going to take on one of the most advanced and well trained military forces on the planet head to head in pitched battles . 
  they will wait for the french to arrive and either disappear into the desert or melt in to the community . 
  from that point on it will be car bombs , suicide attacks and small scale operations on infrastructure and the malian government . 
  the best bet for france is to push them in to this position and then let the malians deal with the rest with french training and equipment , i think this is actually the plan . 
  the one at 14.5 % ( if it was an honest question ), 
  happens both ways round sadly , this has been a terrible thread though . 
  yeah you 're not exactly posting stuff her showing britain damaging the eu . 
  if you 're fine with the eu 's budgeting , despite it not being signed off on for 17 years then you 're part of europes problem . 
  burrying your head in the sand does n't make things go away . 
  besides that , none of the stuff you have posted has negatively impacted the eu . 
  in germany do all your politicians always agree ? 
  oh it was just the way it was worded , made it seem like the british government had issues with it . 
  and 25 members do , as in 25 members signed . 
  and why should the eu have oversight over the uk 's budget ? 
  we 're not part of the euro . 
  besides it 's not even been ratified yet . 
  what damage has that possibly done ? 
  explain the consequences to me , please . 
  anything else ? 
  if nothing comes of this a year or two down the line , if it gets forgotten about and we either end up slipping out of the eu , or end up committing ourselves to more of the same i 'm going to be disappointed . 
  are you suggesting the structural and cohesion funds are what is being complained about now ? 
  ok , in what way has britains `` constant demand for special treatment '' negatively impacted the european union or its members ? 
  and so began the great conflict of our time . 
  that 's far too verbose , lacks the simplicity of calling someone a wanker or questioning their mothers respectability . 
   1815 bitches , never forget , never forgive . 
  ;( the amount of times i 've seen british people criticised for not forgetting waterloo this gave me a grand chuckle . 
  you 're on your way !, 
  now you just need to develop a sporting contest between yourself and quebec and develop a wide world of new '' [ sledging ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledging_%28cricket%29 ) '' techniques to go along with it . 
  after a few centuries of practice you can come compete with the brits/aussies . 
  well i 'm not on any ones side , i 'm not just not mistaking the original comment as anything other than a light hearted poke at the french . 
  you ca n't argue against that comment other than to have a poke back i do n't know , post a picture of jeanne d'arc or something . 
  you 're using one persons comment to criticise a whole nations policy ( a policy you have fabricated ) . 
   britain complaining about being part of the eu for the last 40 years not happened remember what the real issue here is , it 's that guys comment that 's pissed you off . 
  tackle that . 
  it 's a great project , a huge project , unique and massively challenging . 
  it needs to be done right , needs to leave space for growth and most importantly needs to bring actual europeans along with it . 
  if only everyone had such wide access to wide and varying opinions , fact checking , information and argument as goes on in this subreddit everyone would be better off . 
  it 's in every nations interest to get the most out of the eu without breaking the rules . 
  refusing to bury you head in the sand , to grab the issues by the balls and remove the biggest question mark over this country and tackle the issues in europe and inviting every member to come and draw out a conclusive roadmap . 
  that 's not screw you i 'm going home , that 's `` look we 've got some problems here that we 're not addressing , i 've got to go back home and justify this to my people . 
  lets sort it out before giving people a chance to walk away '' this is n't a hissy fit , the problems exist burying your head in the sand will weaken the foundations of europe while we 're / you 're trying to construct a super project on top of them . 
  `` oh look it 's the british ranting and raving again , le sigh '' will not cut it . 
  look , we do n't do n't want to join the single currency , we do n't want to have other europeans having a strong voice in our own domestic policy ( yet ) so we must we be dragged along the path to a true union ? 
  it 's better for everyone if everyone who wants to go along that path does so willingly . 
  on what issue ? 
  you should be as angry at people angry at the eu for `` straightening bananas '' as you are at people who bury their head in the sand avoiding all discussion of issues . 
  it goes both ways , the only way you can make a difference is tell people the truth . 
  pretty good speech as written considering the position he has to hold . 
  here 's hoping the british diplomatic service are up to the task of getting nations together to actually 1 ) ask and 2 ) answer the question of the eu 's & the continents future . 
  and here 's to hoping that the fact that this stuff is now getting seriously looked at will finally bury a ukip party that is n't fit for purpose . 
  what a narrow view of history you have . 
  europe was a massive field of competition , no meaningful grand alliance or cooperation would last very long . 
  still had the rush for africa , industrialisation , rush for territory and influence as the ottoman empire broke up , the springtime of nations . 
  all this happening while europe was by far the dominant region and had no outside sources of pressure . 
  ( as now and throughout the creation of europe both militarily and economically . ), 
  what happened for various reasons , not because the uk did n't `` lead the way '' after the napoleonic wars . 
  sad news . 
  no man or woman should be forced to give up their freedom for any amount of time unless as a punishment . 
  and to have people vote on the rights of another is moronic . 
  a sad day for europe that this was allowed to happen . 
  i did feel like something needed to be said , now fuck of back to stormfront you pleb . 
  do n't want or need you to demonstrate your stupidity here, 
  well this needs to be discussed , both within the uk and within wider europe . 
  but we ca n't do this alone . 
  we need to get the netherlands/finland/denmark even germany on board if we want to wrestle back some power . 
  awww didums is n't allowed to post bullshit to / r/europe . 
  why ca n't i post deliberatrly inflamatory bullshit in / r/europe on a alt account . 
  i just want to demonstrate how teh muslims are taking over 1 !!, 
  ! 111 you got laughted out of here for demonstrating how decades of interbreeding poor diet and alcohol abuse can produce the type of tosspots who spend their time online deliberatly trying to incite racial tensions . 
  listen pal , you 're not earning 10 grand a year because of muslim immigrants , you 're earning 10 grand a year because you 're a fucking moron . 
  that 's if you 're working at all . 
  now piss off . 
  2 guys walk around a town being dicks . 
  reported anyway , this has no place here, 
  5600 troops still there as of september 2012 [ wiki link for kfor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_force ), 
  [ worth the chuckle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/smvr7.jpg ), 
   i 'm being very polite in my responses and i 'm merely trying to educate you a little . 
  however you 're becoming increasingly rude with each subsequent post . 
  so i 'll attempt to explain this one more time . 
  no , see :  my suggestion though would be to go and read some books and make sure you actually know what you are talking about in future before you correct someone else . 
  that 's not polite , that pretentious bullshit especially coming from someone who is incorrect . 
   what i originally said was worded correctly . 
  people living in northern ireland are not british . 
  to be british you need to live in great britain . 
  northern ireland is not in great britain . 
  well sure , unless you want to discount law and international agreements concerning border control . 
  as someone has already said , check your passport . 
  it doesnt say scottish it says british . 
  citizens of the uk are called british . 
  you do n't need to be from great britain to be british that 's an arbitrary label you yourself have applied . 
  on your line of argument i could label irish people as british just because they live in the british isles . 
  honestly , all you have here is your own arbitrary labelling and it does n't make any sense .
