  russia is armed with nukes , any regime change is going to come from internal pressure . 
  who knows what effect hosting one of the world 's premier events will have on the russian people . 
  if fifa gets involved , moves the competition for non-sport issues all its going to do is help prop up putin and his cronies . 
  i 'm with you here , sport should be entirely separate from politics . 
  same as with the olympics . 
  it 's our governments responsibility to deal with russia , not fifa 's . 
  and we should be glad for that because fifa ca n't even handle a world cup . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must be like , losing a family member and then having the eyes of the world follow you through one of the most traumatic things you will ever experience . 
  makes you proud to be british . 
  well i know that , did n't think it was worth pointing it out because the reply would be about russian finance in london and his point would be the same . 
  the main point is that the entire argument behind is comment is nonsense , as at leas tin britain european leaders have been criticised in parliament , and the british government is leading the fight for tougher sanctions on russia within the eu . 
  beaucoup de sensationnel wow grand nombre sansass si magnifique, 
  and it probably damaged their own defence industry in the long term by helping to provide that information . 
  france did well for us during the falklands . 
  if it 's about dick measuring , then all i 've done is point out both our dads have equally sized dicks ... 
  that 's not my point , my poi t is you 're crying about western leaders sitting safely at home , when the reaction of a western leader came days before your own leaders and pretty much contained the same message . 
  but do n't let me spoil your obviously unique eastern european perspective that westerns clearly do n't appreciate . 
  yeah , and he came out 2 days after the british prime minister said the same thing sat in london while `` sucking from the gazprom teat '' , how brave . 
  go away . 
  when your account is so obviously set up just to post negative `` news '' featuring muslims you make it obvious . 
  especially when you post it in subreddits that do n't cover the topic . 
  russians shoot down a plane . 
  while our progressive leaders , you know the ones with real power do nothing . 
  get some perspective in your posts . 
  what was going on in germany in 2005 that led to the lowest growth rate in the eu ? 
   no , you 're just acting like this is the first guy you have n't voted for who got elected . 
  you do n't know me even 1 % of the amount it would require to make this kind of judgement . 
  i mean , i 've already made clear that my own prime minister falls into this catagory 3 comments ago ? 
   saying all the candidates were bad , is a cop out and all you 're doing is whining . 
  ahh yes , the attitude that fosters that leaves you ranked as one of the most corrupt nations in europe seeping through . 
  you 're a joke , you have to be . 
   `` but i really really do n't like this guy ! '' . 
  yes , exactly . 
  the same way in which i do n't like cameron , the same way you might not like basescu , the same way people do n't like obama . 
  but it seems like all the discussion here has revolved around how his position was chosen , rather than around his ability . 
  i mean , i put all this in the first post , and you 're acting like you 've caught me out ? 
  you can recognize and accept how representatives are chosen without agreeing that they were chosen . 
  i know romania is a new democracy but this is pretty basic stuff . 
  he was n't elected , he was chosen by people who were elected . 
  none of the choices were good . 
  i could n't have been clearer , this is n't an issue with how he was chosen , but who was chosen . 
   that 's because it does n't fucking matter sigh . 
   40 years might be an optimistic timeline to expect decent conversations about politics to occur . 
  oh i do n't expect the conversations to be better , just for sites like reddit to be more representative of the general population . 
  so still split into their own little ghettos , but with the ghettos for mainstream politics being more equal in size . 
  get 's depressing considering politics being still in the same condition they are now in both our countries/continents in 40 years . 
  it 's very hard to have a decent conversation about politics anywhere on the internet . 
  it might change in 40 years when there 's a more inclusive age range of users . 
  i do n't think it 's limited to the internet really , people tend to be drawn over to their respective echo chambers on tv , radio and print media too . 
  i 'm sure his ; dinner talk , visit to the uk , his mormonism , his position on fema , his position on man made climate change , and his belief that there was excessive regulation on the financial industry had little to do with it . 
  as far as his foreign policy , he was a continuation of the bush years , he wanted regime change in iran , he would have armed the syrian rebels and increased the size of guantanamo bay . 
  now you might not think all of those are mock worthy , but i do n't think his one comment on russia being the usa 's biggest geopolitical foe out-weighs it . 
  a man not capable enough to be the prime minister of a micro-nation is now head of the eu commission , handling the affairs of over 500 million people and was voted in under a secret ballot , so we ca n't hold our representatives to account , the very representatives who make this entire thing democratic . 
  regardless of the bullshit surrounding his appointment , i ca n't see why he 's so popular here . 
  it 's like we 've spent so much time arguing over how he should be appointed , how he was appointed and who wanted him appointed no one seems to have asked if he 's the right man for the job . 
  it 's stored in the deepest vaults of gringot 's , along with several presumed lost picasso 's , the corpse of shergar and the ark of the covenant . 
  perhaps your equivalent is where british/portuguese police should be searching for maddy . 
  should n't you be looking for madeleine mccann ? 
  do n't worry about where russian money is going . 
  rothbard led me to believe ancapistan was a place i could go to buy children , now you 're telling me i do n't have to pay tax either ? 
  northern europe knows no king but the king in the north , who 's name is stark . 
  if you had a few british style boarding schools then you could have created a homosexual tradition as fine as the british one . 
  you 're worse off not having them . 
  i know what it 's like , brothers growing up , sharing a bedroom . 
  we 'll never truly know what gets on in that room but if we find out you 've been up to no good there will be consequences . 
  i ca n't see it taking 50 years . 
  i mean , i 'm not speaking days here maybe a few years to get procedures and the bureaucracy in place . 
  i guess i am being selfish , and i 'm aware not everyone there religiously supports one of the opposing sides . 
  i just want to wash our hands of them , without doing too much damage in the process . 
  they 're our brothers too , you 're not even allowed to take the piss out of the french as far as i 'm concerned . 
  you have the mexicans , stick to them . 
  leave the welsh alone you dopey yank , they might be a bit slow and they might have a penchant for sheep but they 're our little brothers and only we get to take the piss out of them . 
  yeah well it 's not in the british interest for the focus to be on the south east of england , but we 're left with such excellent cities as bradford . 
  besides a quick amputation and integration with ireland would be the best option ( if possible ) surely ? 
  like hong kong ? 
  my only concern with something like that would be us basically abandoning them in practicality as they 'll be roi 's problem in a few decades . 
  do you have any rational reason , or is it just a romantic idea of looking after people who consider themselves british , despite their silliness ? 
  should we just join forces and build a big fucking wall and mine the ocean ? 
  we could probably convince the rest of the world that they never existed . 
  i 've never met anyone in england who supported northern ireland remaining part of the uk . 
  not sure what the scottish branch of flag waving wankers think , but i 'd imagine they 're the only people who support this kind of bollocks . 
  maybe the edl in england support them ? 
  or maybe it 's a case of `` no blacks , no irish , no dogs '' with those tossers . 
  should be a referendum in the rest of the uk to abandon northern ireland , i 'd imagine the irish republic are more capable of looking after their needs anyway . 
  it 's the scottish . 
  average life expectancy there is well below the european average . 
  it 's basically the third world . 
  is n't it ironic ? 
   it seems like / r/worldnews [ 1 ] has been completely overrun by russian propaganda by now - the frontpage is indistinguishable from rt.com nonsense . 
  world news is a shit whole , largely because it 's full of hyperbolic shit posts like this one . 
  keep them there . 
  delete account , pay debts, 
  pay debts !, 
  w\u00f6rk !, 
  w\u00f6rk !, 
  w\u00f6rk !, 
  [ you do n't want to awaken the reichtangle !, 
  do n't you have debts to be paying off ? 
   it 's the job of a soldier to do as they are told , and they were just following orders they did n't fail anybody . 
  a ) that 's never an excuse that can be used .
