  there was an article posted to [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) about the current european model needing constant forward momentum regarding tighter integration or it simply falls flat a situation i consider to be unsustainable . 
  i ca n't spend time looking for it at the moment as i 'm at work . 
  you do n't need to be outlandish , wild or yell louder to participate in discourse there are plenty of people on this subreddit discussing european issues without resorting to such methods . 
  plenty of big discussion threads between people that have n't resorted to petty nationalism . 
  it 's part of the reason i consider / r/europe to be one of the best subreddits i frequent . 
  you 're approaching this in completely the wrong way . 
  you really are a petty man . 
  you 've done this before with your madness surrounding the strength of the pound . 
  and now you 're doing it again with your hyperbole concerning this topic . 
  and for whatever reason people think that your inane commentary is some how valuable . 
  does n't need to be submitted again in order to provide a soapbox for you to make your point . 
  go away . 
  a subreddit like / r/europe does n't need your personal pet project bot adding spam to these submissions . 
  you can not reduce the types of long articles submitted to [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) by 88 % and expect them to remain relevant . 
  yes . 
  do n't even bother replying to txampion . 
  you 're trying to rationalise his thought process , and that 's not possible, 
  people 's republic of korea better korea . 
  come to us we fill your belly with food . 
  ca n't understand what 's being said . 
  hope it has n't just been upvoted for the title , and that we just have a large amount of people fluent in italian who have seen it  can one of those charming italian chaps post a run down of what 's happening here ? 
  ( in english please ! ), 
  inefficient agriculture produces better results than the highly mechanized ( for european standards ) methods the uk use . 
  if i could downvote this more than once i would . 
  no one gives a fuck about your friends on facebook . 
  / not your personal army . 
  in all serious do n't too beat up about `` piigs '' or what a random blog has to say . 
  i think i would still rather be english if i had the choice between english and moron . 
  ( no idea what you 're getting at . ), 
  you really do put the effort in when it comes to coming across as a complete and utter mouthbreathing brain dead toss pot . 
  well it 's not nothing but put in perspective with something like the nhs in the uk that has a budget of around # 110bn it does start to show . 
  hell even compared to the # 40bn or so the mod receives it 's still peanuts . 
  the question is though even if it 's not much money in the grand scheme of things , could we be spending it more wisely . 
  especially in a time of `` austerity '' in europe . 
  not at all , i think it 's daft and i doubt i 'll ever understand their reasoning but i do n't become offended . 
  only your first point is relevant , in case you had n't noticed . 
  ( i 'm sure you did ), 
  not everyone 's , his and the governments . 
  almost had a heart attack when i thought there was some kind of fantastical plan to cut every working persons wage by 30 % in an attempt to get elected . 
  * shakes fist *, 
  that 's true . 
  perhaps my word use was too ambiguous , i meant in regards of the communists no longer being in power and them moving away from the eastern bloc . 
  poland 's in a really good position . 
  it 's spent the last century being fucked over by it 's neighbours but look how far they have come in little over 2 decades . 
  it 's a well run , economically sound democratic nation that done well since abandoning the soviet union . 
  i fully expect poland to be a big player in europe over the next 2 decades . 
  it 's not strong enough . 
  regardless of what the argentinians want , the people on the island do not want to join argentina . 
  and calling the clearing of what basically amounted to a lawless port infested by privateers illegal by todays standards is irrelevant . 
  the falklands belong to the people living there , if the argentinians try to take them by force , again , we will sink every ship that comes close , again . 
  you 're being downvoted becuase you appear to be bitter about bosnia and kosovo . 
  oh wait , am i making sweeping generalisations ? 
  forgive me . 
  you 're so brave . 
  upvotes for a peice of shit who offers nothing to discusison , and who 's last contribution to reddit was '' / r/europe is raided by brits and autistics '' a man who hates the british with every bone in his body , and a man who also appears to be a moron . 
  hmm i do n't really know enough to say if that 's what prevented the huge blip , but it sounds plausible . 
  which is why it 's strange , there 's not even a blip and there should have been . 
  unless they have combined west germany and east germany for the purpose of the graph before unification . 
  during that period germany united , i 'm sure that might skew the results a little . 
  it is , had it been a comment it would have been fine . 
  but adding it as it 's own separate post kind is kind of like trying to shout louder in order to win an argument . 
  i do n't think the british on this subreddit need resort to this to defend our interests . 
  i believe it 's traditional to sword fight whilst on caster mounted office chairs while your code is compiling . 
  though i do believe `` someone on the internet is wrong '' over rules this long held tradition . 
  while i see what you did here , i do n't think it 's particularly constructive as it 's own thread regardless of how frustrating it is dealing with certain redditors on this subreddit who fail to see how a tobin tax would be massively unfair towards the uk . 
  you 're posting on the internet , and you should n't allow people of questionable intelligence to rile you so hard that you resort to this . 
  none blog article . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/01/11/germany-gdp-idusl6e8cb0zu20120111 for those who want the information without the commentary . 
  / r/europe is n't really somewhere you should be shit posting anti us stuff . 
  related . 
  less than 6 million danes live in denmark , might come as a bit of a surprise to people from nations with small populations to see so many people living in another european country . 
  / got nothin ', 
  i 'm not blaming you . 
  the point still stands . 
  i did not vote for alex salmond . 
  scotland took part in the election for westminster . 
  david cameron is pm , he represents the uk . 
  alex salmond does not need to have input in this decision , if he wants input he can call his referendum and leave the uk . 
  if he wants more involvement in the decision process behind how david cameron used the uk 's veto he would be having a say in my matters . 
  and secondly because he is a member of the scottish parliament , holds no accountability towards english , welsh and northern irish citizens and as such has no reason to do anything but look out of the interests of the scottish ( even if it comes at the expense of everyone else ) it 's the same issue as where scottish mp 's can vote on issues only effecting england and wales . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed of if a member of the french parliament was butting in , he holds as much accountability to me as alex salmond . 
  i 'm not bitter or anything , as this problem lands both country 's with disadvantages , but it has n't been adequately tackled . 
  because he 's not accountable to me . 
  he 's a member of a parliament i did n't help to choose . 
  now i understand very few in scotland voted for the conservatives , but they have a choice they can leave the uk . 
  i do n't want alex salmond having a say in anything that effects me . 
  if he wants to have more input in these matters he 's quite welcome to hold a referendum to see if the scottish would like to leave the uk . 
  i wonder how much the uk 's stability has effected how we view europe . 
  even back in 1848 when europe was tearing itself to pieces with revolutions etc we passed through relatively unscathed . 
  ( though ireland was in deep shit but was largely ignored by parliament and i do n't think much changed afterwards , unless someone corrects me ! ), 
  infact i think you have to go back to the jacobite rebellions in the early 18th century to see any real problems . 
  to be fair , it 's a lot better than i would suspect from reddit . 
  if you ignore upvotes/downvotes and just read every comment in here , there are surprisingly few irrelevant comments . 
  it 's actually my favourite subreddit i think . 
  you also have the pope to thank too at this point  france got shifted as it backed the wrong candidate . 
  something in politics never change . 
  the auld alliance . 
  the fun and games between scotland , england and france back then are really really interesting to read . 
  check his flair , i think that might be a spot of self depreciation :d / the flair has been changed :( it was cornwall 's flair , i promise !, 
  they do n't count .
