  that the british way is `` shitfaced or not at all '' ? 
  no , i 'm saying you need to stop creating resorts where this kind of thing is encouraged . 
  it will largely stop you falling victims to our problems . 
  i honestly ca n't think of any more ways to write the same thing . 
  they do n't just let us , they welcome it and encourage it . 
  i ca n't remember how many times i 've written this . 
  it 's your fault , as a greek you share some of the blame . 
  i whole-heartedly encourage any british person to spend at least a week one summer in their early twentys treating one of these resorts like their own personal playground , it 's bloody good fun and it 's why these places exist . 
  magaluf , malia , ibiza the list goes on and on and on . 
  just do n't do anything too daft . 
  your government has no issue setting these areas aside for us to get pissed and everything that comes along with that , it 's a trivial practice to stop and they chose not to . 
  by relating it to illegal activities in other nations where the governments fight against such activities you do nothing but make yourself look like a tit . 
  if you have a problem with it , force your own country to prevent it . 
  stop catering to it and you no longer have a stake in the issue . 
  you can read about what fun we have policing town centres on a friday from the comfort of your lovely beach towns . 
  that 's all you have to do . 
  until then we will continue to piss shit and fuck ourselves through your resorts on the med . 
  and you 're able to stop that any point you wish . 
  i do n't accept any complaints about british behaviour abroad from any countries willingly encouraging and profiting from it . 
  we ca n't control ourselves . 
  that is n't their problem . 
  if you stop catering to people who ca n't control themselves they would n't have any issues themselves . 
  they bring the wrath of the drunken brit apon themselves , and deserve every piss splattered inch of it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's ok . 
  i 'm saying why it 's happening , and placing the blame for this largely at the feet of local businesses and ultimately local governments . 
  do n't want it , do n't promote it . 
  simple as . 
  greeks / spaniards / croatians etc should be pressuring their government not to cater to this type of british tourist . 
  yes the british have a problem , absoloutly without doubt , but they 're encouraging and fostering it . 
  lol, 
  it 's not someone , it 's the businesses there and the governments who allow the conditions to continue . 
  the agencys have a small part , they do offer `` booze cruises '' among their organised events , but the other stuff was water parks , jet ski 's barbecues etc. 
  the situation is exploited from our end too , but it 's entirely within these places power to put an end to it . 
  if you create a resort with that kind of atmosphere then you deserve to have british people acting like bellends inside it . 
  they 're exploiting and breeding it , then turning around and complaining about it . 
  do n't want it ? 
  do n't promote it !, 
  it does n't , but people being supplied and encouraged to drink beyond any normal limit , being harassed in the street to come and drink more etc so do n't be surprised when people drink too much and act like they have drunk too much . 
  and in regards to police , malia might as well have been the wild west . 
  i saw the police once in two weeks , driving down the strip hitting people who did n't move fast enough . 
  if you want to clean up places like this , it could be done and easily . 
  you just have to accept the financial repercussions . 
  yeah , amsterdam is a favourite with stag dos . 
  you have the red light district and access to alcohol & drugs . 
  it 's not sunny , and it 's not paris or venice so the numbers visiting for anything other than the above things are likely to be much much smaller . 
  so you have a bunch of young men , with high disposable income , a predisposition for getting pissed and you place them into a city where the 3 main attractions can lead to problems . 
  there are people who care in amsterdam though , as it serves a purpose beyond being a resort . 
  you probably ca n't get away with as much there , and given that it is a living city , british actions there are less `` forgiveable '' , we 're taking advantage of a situation that would exist with or without tourists . 
  in malia the only time i saw police officers in two was when they drove down the main strip smacking people who would n't move out of the way fast enough . 
  they did n't give a fuck . 
  brits have a problem with drinking too much domestically , you have an entire industry devoted to taking advantage of this abroad . 
  `` you '' stands for the greek people ( in your case ) . 
  if you do n't want people treating your resorts like dives , then force bar owners , police and local governments to crack down on the conditions that allow places like this to exist . 
  we 're doing exactly what the people in these places want & encourage us to do you wo n't though , because of the money . 
  so either give up the money , or accept that fact that large resorts of a certain type are going to be treated as they are . 
  these places are specifically set up as places to get drunk , and do the kind of things thousands of drunk people will do . 
  they look shitty , they lack basic sanitation , have poor services and are set up in a way to earn as much money as possible from drunks . 
  i 've got no time for anyone whinging about their resorts being treated like shit when that 's exactly how they 're marketed . 
  if you advertise malia or whatever as this kind of destination , do n't be upset when this is what happens . 
  no we have greggs . 
  greggs would knock you on your arse , you simply could n't handle it . 
   chic-filet is probably the worst name for anything ever . 
  i do n't really see how adding another bunch of politicians , that get elected in elections with poor turnout , where they get cushy unimportant jobs , where no one knows who they are and who people vote in just by party affiliation could do anything but make the eurozone and the eu itself even more of a ridiculous construction . 
  well we are involved in the eurozones self inflicted mess through the imf . 
  so maybe we should feel more confident , and rather than keep silent we should be admonishing the eurozone members for prolonging and worsening a situation that threatens the british and world economy . 
  he must be beside himself this morning , all that wasted effort , and to have the effort actually make the situation worse in the end . 
  [ irrelevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go_1deokb_u ), 
  farage has a magnificent shit-eating grin . 
  more british people died on 9/11 than 7/7 , and over 3000 people in total . 
  if you had been old enough to watch the twin towers fall live on tv , and i can only speak for myself here , it left a much deeper and meaningful mark on my mind than watching the more `` mundane '' fallout from the 7th july attacks . 
  do we want mods deciding on what sites are good and what are bad ? 
  surely this is something that falls under the communities responsibility . 
  bitcoiners are attempting ( poorly ) to fuel a pump and dump . 
  nothing more . 
  * u wot m8 ? 
  we all know that in those meetings you 're all planning how to best push the baguette agenda on / r/europe . 
  i do n't really know either to be fair . 
  i 'd imagine they would bomb anything able to hurt the plane seriously before getting it 's cannon dirty and use it 's countermeasures against portable aa . 
  i guess someone on a more specialist subreddit would know how they 're to be used , doctrine wise . 
  close air support . 
  it 's not going to be dogfighting . 
  i do n't think his stickied thread was good . 
  but other than that s/he , and the mod team in general they 're doing a good job . 
  i posted in the thread that i was unhappy with his formatting choice / title text , but lets not turn it into a witch hunt . 
  he did a shitty job of creating the sticky . 
  we needed one but not one written poorly due to one users desire to write everything twice . 
  see / r/europe gets better the more difficult and time consuming it is to understand each other . 
  bringing up problems with this means you 're a hater according to some people . 
  can we have someone else starting threads if / u/dclauzel is going to create an almost unreadable mess . 
   as the old english saying goes `` dieu et mon droit '' , god is on your side [ indeed ] ( http://i.imgflip.com/1bgw.jpg ), 
  it certainly was a provocative comment . 
  a comment so provocative as to awaken the old bourbon kings and the cursed spirit of the poisonous emperor napoleon . 
  god help us all . 
  i can only imagine they intended to sell it on to interested parties , the pair of cretinous fucks . . 
  languages education should be scrapped entirely . 
  let it be pursued outside of the curriculum . 
  we 're born into english , let us spend the time saved teaching children how to master their own language . 
  english gives us an advantage globally , let us work to our strengths . 
  english is n't going to be replaced even as the balance of power in the world shifts east again . 
  switching to proper measurements probably wont happen any time soon though .
