  no war was declared . 
  amusing you would bring that up rather than world war one or the crimean war . 
  i was going to make a snarky comment about being carried by the british empire and belgium , but given that the war was so horrific and how you rallied round magnificently to stop the german advance towards paris i 'll give you that one . 
  you still lost wwii twice though !, 
  i do n't recall them surrendering . 
  well its a part of the formation of an english identity i guess , but i 'm no historian i just like indulging in a nationalistic circle jerk . 
  but yeah british being a different thing was my `` point '' . 
  we 've got plenty of horribly dark stuff in our background . 
  but you know , history is written by the victors !, 
  does n't matter , still won . 
  because people are going to drag up really old wars , i have to explain . 
  you know how in power rangers , you 'd have the red ranger get his arse kicked but then the rest would show up , and they 'd get together and build their huge zord thing ? 
  thats like england , we needed scotland , wales and ireland to come in so we could build the uk . 
  it 's the british flag you see , it has mystical powers . 
  before nationalism . 
  though i can understand your desire to bring up victories that old , france not having defeated so much as a sausage in the past 200 years !, 
  erm . 
  yeah , we did n't lose those wars . 
  proof that the only people capable of beating the british , are the british . 
  / lets be honest here , the irish are basically british . 
  / / oh no he did n't !, 
  yeah , a newspaper and an audience on bbc question time mentioned by a journalist means you totally avoided making a generalised statement on british media post 9/11 . 
  now , your first temptation here will be to run off and find more , until you have thoroughly painted the picture you want to paint . 
  i 'd like to save you your time , i wont look through them , i wont go off and find my own examples of british support for the usa after 9/11 because it wont prevent you from posting the same moronic bullshit the next time you are given the opportunity . 
  lol . 
   meanwhile your media would be more focused on why americans deserved it than anything else . 
  seriously , just take a step back , look at the subreddits you moderate and the content of your posts . 
  you 're not highlighting stupidity , you 're reflecting it . 
  the entirety of your time on reddit spent trying to defend the usa from stupid generalisations whilst projecting stupid generalisations on everyone else ? 
  that does n't sound accurate but i do n't know enough about jews to dispute it . 
  the best terrible cars ... in the world . 
  american website , american subreddits . 
  swamp germans, 
  she can fuck off . 
  if you knew how to queue , drive and make tea too . 
  thanks !, 
  is there a translation available ? 
  well the ideal situation is you guys being able to do what you need to make the euro/schengen work without us blocking it , but you do n't end up trying to fuck us over to achieve it . 
  to be fair , you tried to justify it to someone who was pissed off at the original ` joke ' using what turned out to be a youtube comment . 
  so it did n't really look like a joke . 
  it was n't your experience with some guys . 
  it was your experience from a youtube comment section . 
  a fucking youtube comment section . 
  that you somehow think it 's a common enough arguement you can apply it to other british people , euroskeptic shit poster or not is preposterous . 
  you should be fucking embarrassed , how about you pay attention to things that do n't fall within what you want to think about us and perhaps understand whatever argument either side has . 
  it 's not black and white , it 's a messy fucking argument and the majority of us would prefer not to be tarnished with the assumption many of us have thoughts roughly on par with a troll comment on a youtube video . 
  so you 're basing your belief that british people commonly think about the restoration of empire and think about cutting trade with the eu because it does n't need it and that we would be better trading with our empire is all due to the comment section of a youtube video . 
  i do n't really know what to say . 
  find one example , if an estonian has overheard british people making this argument then it must be popular . 
  not just among the massive amounts of british euroskeptics living in estonia , but online too . 
  there is n't an argument here . 
  you 've fabricated the entire thing . 
  no you have n't, 
  everyone recognises france 's place at the side of history , the losing side . 
  for christ 's sake man , not in front of the continentals . 
  who ? 
  please ignore this traditionally eccentric british man . 
  - the real uk . 
  the finest of all french losers, 
  flegs , the pope , fruit marches , the queen , cromwell , poverty , pipebombs , car bombs , guinness and stereotyping and that 's just what i pulled out of the `` reasons the northern irish are rioting '' bag in my first fistful . 
  i think we have far too many telephone sanitisers , how many can this planet support ? 
  and when was the last time anyone caught anything virulent from a bloody phone ? 
  sending them to mars would be for the best . 
  makes you feel warm and fuzzy does n't it, 
  this is poland 88 following the solidarity / the strikes , in a this is england format . 
  it would make a nice backdrop to that kind of drama . 
  there will always be sharpe !, 
  we do n't talk about them , we do n't want to draw their attention . 
  wembley looked great , showed respect and our support to the french ( was really something , did n't hear any knob heads ruining it , well unless you count our mangling of the french anthem ) , and then on to woop the frogs 2-0 . 
  perfect . 
  fucking bullshit , thoughts go out to the people held hostage . 
  hopefully the french security services can get them out safely . 
  this is n't your facebook feed , why are you submitting content about wine here ? 
  given the last 200 years of french history you 're likely to end up with napoleon iii again . 
  he always loved rowdy germans . 
  that is a picture of the drag ball at magic city . 
   the only reason halloween has become a thing ( sort of ) in the uk is because of the influence of american movies and tv shows . 
  that and halloween is fun , dressing up , free sweets , parties etc. 
  we have n't picked up thanksgiving etc. 
  you think it 's a bad idea to spark a nuclear war ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  it 's the same with anything on reddit . 
  the vast majority of users only comment on or up vote stories that match what they want to hear or their world view . 
  i do n't think it 's even close to unique in this subreddit . 
  i know you are but what am i ? 
  lol, 
  lol another one . 
  they will never be interested , bitcoin transactions take too long . 
  no one apart from those who did n't cash out in time , or bought to late is interested in bitcoin now so we end up with those still in ( like op ) trying to pump up the value one last time so they can get out before the price drops further . 
  lol, 
  do you stand by your support of jean-claude juncker ? 
  what is your interpretation of ` ever-closer union among the peoples of europe ' and do you think this is interpreted exactly the same among all people in the eu ? 
  always upset , always angry and yet you do n't provide any colours next to your name so i ca n't mock you based on their arrangement :(, 
  aww is / u/sarmatae upset again ? 
  the two biggest problems the eu has faced recently have been the eurozone crisis ( not a british problem , euro opt out ) and the migrant crisis ( not a british problem , schengen opt out ) so how exactly are our `` needs '' threatening to break up the european project to a greater extent than everyone else 's ? 
  it 's not the official progressive position . 
  it 's reality . 
  we need to stop giving idiots podiums to preach from . 
  but i am le tired . 
  90 % of an average italians communication is body language .
