  johnny foreigner is n't free to mangle english in the way a true englishman can , and often does . 
  they 're not mistakes if he is english . 
  some people ( my self included ) ca n't resist taunting the dynamite monkey . 
  i 'll chalk up the demise of / u/llanita and / u/llanitaii down to a rage induced deletion rather than a shadowban then . 
  lol . 
  your insane angry ramblings fuelled by a life of lonely bitterness have been missed . 
  i mean , even when you 're right it 's hard to escape the sight of your frothing cake hole quivering with rage . 
  oooh you 're back . 
  another shadowban inc ? 
  yep , i think that 's pretty much the case . 
  lol, 
  you should n't allow yourself to be corrected by johnny foreigner . 
  having the good fortune to be born on english soil gives you the right to do what you want with english . 
  anyone born outside of our borders who thinks you 're incorrect just has n't caught up yet . 
  lol . 
  the last time anyone tried to take malta it was anything but easy , i 'd fancy my chances with corsica . 
  nope . 
  lol serbs . 
   trust the brits to draw idiotic borders and stop populations of the same ethnicity from gathering under the same flag . 
  it 's genetic , i do n't know how stalin and truman stopped churchill from digging out his ruler on ve day . 
   is scotland doing a second referendum btw ? 
  yeah , i think at this point its a matter of when and not if scotland chooses to be independent . 
  not so much drive them apart in anger , but use their guilt to get them to not unite again in fear of what they may become . 
  using the western approach to de-nazification and working upon it . 
  i think you could use war guilt to help drive the german people apart . 
  i 've mentioned in another comment that the bulk of france would be monumentally hard to get to agree to the situation , and it might lead to another war . 
  the threat of nuclear weapons would n't be appropriate to stop protests and prevent total chaos . 
  i 'll be honest and say i 've not really given it much thought . 
  it 's not about revenge for wwii . 
  it 's about making sure no one on the mainland is large enough to cause hassle on their own . 
  france would fight it eventually , i do n't know if there 's a way that my `` proposal '' would work without france either fighting immediately and being crushed or another war in europe . 
  there 's also the fact that western europe would have looked like a juicer target for the ussr . 
  it 's a product of my own meandering thought that i thought would be more interesting than a concealed racist puffin type or popular `` unpopular '' opinions . 
  not really too much , germany has the influence it deserves . 
  as do france and italy . 
  i just want a collection of netherlands sized states too small , and too rich to be bothered about causing anyone else any trouble to be our neighbours . 
  entirely . 
  occupation zones should have been scrapped as they were and borders drawn up to create a collection of smaller german states . 
  their largest cities made the capitals of these states to separate them from the idea of berlin ( no silly bonn style nonsense ) , and west berlin remaining occupied until we could give it to east germany post communism . 
  germany should have not been allowed to reunite , and france and italy should have been partitioned after the war and been prevented from uniting . 
  produce something in only available in french that i consider worthwhile and i 'll think about it . 
  which raises a question , am i missing out on some great french literature , or some great french tv/movies because they 're not available without translation ? 
  what 's france 's answer to something like game of thrones ( probably too large scale for both our medias ) , or sherlock ( something more reasonable ) . 
  lots of the big names in french literature are already available in english , is there something i 'm missing there ? 
  ( largely within sci-fi and fantasy ) etc. 
  feels like a chicken or the egg type situation , i would only learn french ( or another similar obscure language  ) if there was entertainment available but i do n't know if there is something i 'm missing out on because i do n't speak french . 
  regardless of any of that , i still think these multiple language posts are annoying . 
  i 'd like to see less , it makes the threads fucking horrible to read when you have to skip the paragraph of unintelligible waffle at the top of every comment . 
  / r/worldnews quality there . 
  well we already own skynet . 
  so it should n't be far off, 
  rod stewart had them built , and powered them with his lungs iirc . 
  there 's many reasons `` belgium '' is the most vile and offensive word in the galaxy , and your hatred of english fish & chips is only one of them . 
   but only if we can keep our own food . 
  what 's wrong with jellied eel ? 
  lol no, 
  thats a nice way of saying de gaulle wanted the french to dominate europe . 
  everyone , including yourself is so eager to defend france from a cheese eating surrender monkey jibe , one that has n't been made . 
  3,000 is n't a significant number of troops . 
  i 'm not discussing the quality of the french military , just the low levels of troop commitment on its missions . 
  yeah , they 're not significant . 
  2000 is n't for a country like france . 
  mali was absolutely an insignificant deployment , given both the size of france 's military and given the number the usa might expect for a `` boots on the ground '' situation . 
  it 's absolutely fair to wonder if france would be willing to make a commitment on a larger scale . 
  the republicans might nominate jeb bush in the primaries , that 'll be fun . 
  things might be very different once obama leaves office too . 
  looks like the wounds caused by iraq are healed , perhaps a republican president might open them up again . 
  the usa does n't need anyone 's help to intervene in these types of operations . 
  its not really about helping out the usa 's military its about the usa selling these things back to voters at home , might be a harder sell when neither the uk or france looks enthusiastic enough to commit anything serious . 
  yeah , i 'm talking significant in relation to the size and capability of the french military . 
  even something like the first gulf war , the troop contribution ( 18,000 ) was less than half the uk 's 2000 troops is n't significant . 
  just wondering if this position will last , or if france will be happier to act large scale now . 
  the uk would find it very hard to intervene large scale since iraq , it 's changed things here any any contribution of ground forces is likely to match the smaller level france 's deployments going forward . 
  france has n't deployed a significant amount of ground forces in any conflict for a long time . 
  will be interesting if there comes a point where the usa wants to run a gulf war or afghanistan style intervention . 
  small is probably the wrong word given the context , but they 're followers , not leaders . 
  these are small fish , they will tow the line . 
  if the uk and poland are still pushing for more sanctions , we just need to see which way germany and france go . 
   lemon no . 
  never . 
  if you 're going to plonk yourself in a foreign country , away from family and friends , for an entry level position which might mean travel back to scotland is n't trivial , well for me , i would feel more comfortable if i was n't running under the assumption that `` they all speak english anyway '' you have to build your life somewhere else , and you do n't want to be stuck in a position where the only people you know , and can speak to face to face everyday are the people you work with . 
  what languages do you speak , it seems odd that you would look at europe and canada before northern england or even ireland, 
  good idea , we 're not a member of schengen so it wo n't trouble the mainland . 
  it penetrated the weakest part of the front armour , which usually would be very hard to hit . 
  the tanks have since been modified with the new armour . 
  most people make it in a cup , and a teabag stewing in a cup for 5 minutes is going to taste terrible , all the milk and sugar in the world wo n't rescue it . 
  every schoolchild in england is taught about the norman invasion , it plays a massive part in our national culture , as does our relationship with europe . 
  we also do n't place as much pressure on language to be the flag-bearer of culture . 
  and our fondness for yanks does n't mean we want to live in the middle of the atlantic , or indeed think that we do . 
  the `` west '' is the west , europe and north america are regions that make for natural allies just as much as it makes sense for europe to be natural allies . 
  please stop being so french . 
  why is that funny ? 
  not very good ones , unless you 're specialising . 
  as boring and unfunny as your comment is , it 's not a war it 's just battering poor unequipped people who do n't stand a chance . 
  not state vs state , does n't count !, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  the dutch speak and write better english than the british , this makes you almost but not entirely british , therefore it does n't count !, 
  lol . 
  i do n't know what you mean * ^ ^ two ^ ^ world ^ ^ wars ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ world ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ cup , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ doo ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ dah ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ doo ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ dah . 
  ** foreign ** legion forced a bunch of muppets to melt back into the desert .
