  the bottom line is , an organisation founded on mutual defense was used to attack and invade a country . 
  nato 's european members were naturally less than excited about it . 
  i agree with you here , nato 's mandate should n't allow it to take these actions , but the un is teethless so what can you do . 
  there needs to be a separation between the alliance that ensures a mutual defence treaty and whatever treaty they want to draw up that has the teeth to stop ethnic cleansing happening in europe again . 
  they need to be two distinct groups with very different mandates . 
   oh i never thought russia is europe 's friend , but they 're fuelling the economy throught business deals , which should be negotiated by those means . 
  every country will and does exert influence through business , why is russia special in this regard ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is , nato is setting itself in a position where they are threatening russia in a military sense , and russia is naturally not pleased . 
  is it justified to get better deals on the price of gas by threatening with guns ? 
  if russia were threatening europe by military means , i could understand surrounding it with military bases , but i have n't seen any of that yet , just taking the cold war rhetoric out of the closet , dusting it off and using it once again . 
  russia is threatening europe though , but via economic means . 
  europe has no other response but to buckle up and show that it ca n't be pushed around economically with the only playable card it has . 
  concessions will be made re : military bases in exchange for russian concessions on how much fuel it allows to be pumped into europe . 
  it 's not too dissimilar from how the cold war was , but we do n't live under the threat of nuclear weapons hanging over europe 's head any longer . 
  russia is still a hostile place to do business and a belligerent partner in negotiations . 
  anyway i think we 're slightly drifting of point here , my basic premise is that . 
  nato needs to just be about defence . 
  the un needs teeth to prevent things like what was happening during the breakup of fry 3 . 
  that force needs to be truly international 4 . 
  we need to be willing to use it ( big one , especially with the amount of nations being involved ) i do n't know if this is possible with the way the un is set up though , the security council veto 's alone make it improbable . 
  the good pile is usually related to the cold war , but even nato 's role in the cold war while important was n't without issues . 
  i 'm sorry that you feel that way about the balkans , but if nato had not intervened more people would have died . 
  europe can not sit back and allow ethnic cleansing to take place anywhere , if there 's one lesson this continent should have learned over the past hundred years it 's that . 
  bombing serbia and preventing it 's forces from acting on civilians was a good cause . 
  afghanistan suffered from a lack of planning , vision and goals not so much really an issue with nato rather than with the people involved in nato . 
  make no mistake , russia is not europe 's friend we can not afford to appear weak to a nation that is fuelling our economy 's and has no issue in turning off the taps to exert influence . 
  the missile shield is ridiculous though , but again i do n't think this is primary a nato concern . 
  nato should exist , there 's every reason for an alliance covering europe and north america to exist for our own security . 
  but the alliance needs to change , needs to adapt or be replaced with something that is not a relic of the cold war . 
  and most importantly of all , the largest european economies let it happen for their benefit . 
  you live together and die alone in the eurozone or let greece leave and take the hit to your economy . 
  stop dithering , do something and do it quickly . 
  germany signed up for metaphorically when germany joined a currency union that was always going to fail without tighter fiscal integration . 
  it was a stepping stone , if you do n't take the next step if you do n't tackle this mess in the way it needs to be tackled you should either shrink the size of the eurozone and allow the greeks the flexibility to deal with this alone or prop them up like you have been doing with east germany and accept that you need to integrate more to be able to function . 
  delaying this is causing more pain for greeks , and for the continent as a whole . 
  and more importantly to the uk the crisis is playing a part in our struggles too , this is not the uk 's fault , this is your problem deal with it and do n't complain about british euroscepticism when you give the british every excuse to be sceptical . 
  he is , but why does that matter if what he is saying is true and you have bigger problems to sort out ? 
  germany signed up for carrying weaker states when you joined the euro . 
  you 're obligated to bail them out or kick them out ( and similar nations ) . 
  choose one and choose quickly because this dithering is half the sodding problem . 
  as far as i see it : 1 . 
  britain does n't join the euro , says it wont work as planned . 
  euro fails , did n't work . 
  britain suggests eurozone members get their act together and sort it 4 . 
  why are you so anti eu omg omg look guys its that britain being anti eu again . 
  the euro would have been brilliant if not for the evil imperial british . 
  because the members of the eurozone have proven incapable of sorting out the mess . 
  we 're helping to sort out the eurozone 's mess through the imf . 
  it 's damaging our trade with the continent . 
  and for 3 years nothing has been done , there is no resolution planned to end to crisis or the gaping flaws in policy and implementation . 
  you need to get it together and work it out , you need to integrate further , the uk was n't wiling to follow this path that 's why the uk is not in the euro . 
  germany , france , greece , italy , spain , portugal , you signed up for it and you must have known that this was the first step towards a united europe . 
  now you need to decide if the member nations have the stones to do what is necessary to allow the euro and by extension the european project succeed or reverse course slightly and build again from a more sustainable base . 
  why are so many people here interested in telling the british pm to keep his nose out rather than tackling the actual issues ? 
  and obviously to prevent the mass murder of civilians by rogue states on it 's borders ... let 's not lump everything nato has done into the bad pile . 
  nope it 's probably not the place , but sometimes a news story does n't warrant that much discussion . 
  `` investment in technology '' is something all governments like to crow about , it 's not something particularly exciting . 
  france into space alone !, 
  anyway i think this has gone on long enough , just wanted to make sure no one thought i was anti poland or something similar . 
  i just enjoy some of the polandball comics . 
  does it count if poland into space on a french rocket ? 
  into everything if poland gets another couple of decades of peace and prosperity . 
  poland may even into space !, 
  pfft , poland can not into space . 
  that is very cool . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/theoryofreddit/comments/tk3yq/lets_analyse_this_novelty_account_introducing/ there are a number of novelty accounts like this , all of them successful . 
  you 're also complaining about content being on different subreddit , not two days ago did you cross post this [ picture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/heidelberg_corr.jpg ) to different subreddits . 
  how do you think the people subscribed to both those subreddits felt ? 
  did you stop to think about how you might be ruining their reddit experience ? 
  it * almost * feels hypocritical you complaining here . 
  new to reddit are you ? 
  just in case you 're not aware people do n't : 1 . 
  subscribe to every subreddit 2 . 
  browse every day 3 . 
  care if you have seen this before . 
  if fish did n't have fingers then how could there be a fish finger sandwich ? 
  think about what you 're saying . 
  it escaped me too . 
  nothing in his comment was `` bile '' and he does n't appear to be a troll . 
  a little help ? 
  well it might not be right here , but i have always though multiculturalism was about different cultures existing close by with no issues . 
  i think that due to human nature this will never happen , and it 's best to mix them as i said above and just have one very mixed culture with elements taken from every group in a nations population . 
  i think that the current way things work does n't do enough to encourage the `` melting pot '' and spends too much time trying to encourage diversity with each culture remaining the same . 
  the problem is made much worse by religion which does n't allow as much flexibility within it 's parent culture . 
  no it is n't . 
  you can be against `` multi cultured society '' and not be racist . 
  there are plenty of cultures that do n't interact well with how we go about our daily lives here . 
  the best way to do things is to have a single eternally evolving culture that adapts new ideas into the greater culture . 
  if you allow distinctly different cultures to develop near each other history shows that it ends in violence . 
  if you can mix those cultures it 's not a problem . 
  this is n't an arguement about race , or how `` worthy '' a culture is , it 's about how to keep a society functioning . 
  is that your professional opinion ? 
  well blair kind of caught the wave of it all in 1997 with his glitzy downing street gatherings with members of blur and oasis . 
  i think the whole optimism around that time , the new government and everything i think it would be fair to lump blair in with the whole `` cool britannia '' thing . 
  that part of my comment was in jest . 
  speed camera 's round every corner will probably be playing their part . 
  / driving on the right ( left ) side of the road helps too !, 
  and if someone who 's living in sweden can say that , you got ta believe it 's true . 
  he 's playing from the george galloway book of politics again , and it is disgusting . 
  i believe this is a video of the speech in question .
