  there 's not really a lot of justification to spend the time and money educating kids who will never use the language . 
  if i were in control , i 'd have the lessons scrapped in the uk and replaced with lessons like `` personal finance '' , basically things you ought to know before you 're an adult but basically find yourself dropped into at the moment . 
  pay your debts txampion . 
  -903 and counting . 
   how many foreign languages do you learn during 12 years of school ( plus college ) ? 
  i think it depends on where in the country you 're educated , for myself you were assigned a language to learn out of french and german , there was no choice and it basically came down to your tutor group . 
  you learn them for 3 years within the tutor group structure , then with gcse 's you were assigned a group base on your proficiency . 
  the exams were split into oral and written sections . 
  at no point was any choice involved for me . 
   when do you start the first language ? 
  what about the second one ( if it 's the case ) at the age of 11/12 when you start secondary schooling , you learn it up to the age of 16 . 
  you 're able to choose it for further education but i 've never met anyone who bothered . 
   which are the preferred languages ? 
  french , german and i believe spanish is available at other schools . 
   any other info regarding this subject you might find relevant ( like facilities for minorities to learn their respective languages and so on ) ? 
  my lessons were very rigid , mostly learning from a text book and repeating things like parrots . 
  my first visit to germany was as part of my foreign language education . 
  at no point during that trip was there any education and involved and my friends and i only had the chance to independently use the language 2 of 3 times in the space of the week , and only then short simple sentences . 
  while in school i was in the `` top '' group , and very few people in that class considered it a worthwhile expenditure of time . 
  i was one of those people , and consequently did n't learn anything . 
  ( still managed a c in german , with nothing but the ability to hold a conversation at what i would imagine is what a native speaker would manage at the age of 2 ) i 'm probably going to get castrated here , but in my opinion languages education is a waste of students time , and would be better spent elsewhere . 
  come say that to my face !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  i 'll just fetch my longbow , we 'll meet up in calis . 
  ( we both know you 're going to be lazy and take the shortcut through the netherlands and belgium again ) with the royal wedding and the olympics the only way the uk ( england specifically ) could feel more patriotic is with a good old fashioned war with france . 
  we 're going to party like it 's 1812 !, 
  the two wars in the 20th century are nothing . 
  every englishman knows that the french are our natural enemy . 
  oh you must be so oppressed , let me just call my friend the usa . 
  edit : ok myself and the usa talked , we 've agreed to bring you democracy \u2122 , see you 08/17/12 during operation slartibartfast !, 
  as a brit , and as part of a culture that completely and utterly fails at `` do n't mention the war '' the fun of `` do n't mention the war '' has been completely ruined by continental types slamming nazi tags on to germany every time it sneezes . 
  exactly :(, 
  if you spend some more time here you will the backwards people arrive every time islam is mentioned and quite often reap sweet sweet karma for it . 
  it 's sad really , europe in general still has massive issues with muslims , and integration / mixing is much harder when the `` native '' population is so hostile to immigrants . 
  the laws of a nation do n't reflect everyone ' personal beliefs . 
  or what ? 
  seriously , what would they be able to do that would n't ruin them more than the gas would benefit them . 
  what have mosques got to do with it ... 
  the scottish are split 50 % for 50 % against on europe , wales 55/45 and england 60/40 . 
  not huge differences . 
  and i think everyone is fed up of correcting the `` some people have n't let the empire behind them '' stuff . 
  i think they 're stripping it right back to the actual genetics rather than the cultural influences . 
  next time show him a picture of your flag and politely remark that it has a dragon on it , and that there 's a reason for that . 
  when he asks what the reason is stare him in the eyes slowly getting closer and then burp into his face . 
  then walk away calmly . 
  he wo n't fucking forget wales after that and will go back to his homeland with tales of dangerous welshmen . 
  or you could say `` i 'm not actually english , i 'm welsh . 
  cathrine zeta jones comes from wales too '' i tend to prefer the first option . 
  marklar said marklar . 
  it was n't even mitt romney who allegedly said it though , it was an advisor of his . 
  the headline makes it a cheap shot , i guess it 's a paper that supports the democrats in the usa . 
   that 's what i said all along ... upvote for you !, 
  no you did n't you whinged about people not agreeing with you in other subreddits in 2 consecutive replies . 
  you 're a little bit special so i think i 'll end it here . 
  well let 's have the members on / r/europe decide . 
  i 'm sure 50 countries are all interested in minor british issues !, 
  this is the wrong subreddit you want / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i can pick several people who complain about the wishy washy liberals over there . 
  i tend to disagree , it 's a subreddit full of people with different opinions as is / r/europe . 
  but do continue the boring hyperbole and sticking labels on those who disagree . 
  while the article is right , it 's a cheap shot . 
  is this big news over in the usa ? 
  * yawn * and this is the wrong subreddit you want / r/unitedkingdom . 
  britzer rhymes with hitler and you 're wearing german flair , you 're almost certainly hitler in disguise . 
  given the articles content , title and where it was posted if it was n't intended to inspire stupidity i 'm not sure why it has been posted here . 
  though op does n't appear to be a / r/whiterights contributor . 
  what ? 
  arm , glaxosmithkline ... well fuck stopped on two perhaps someone else can join in the fun . 
  if someone climbs up a building with a sniper rifle and starts taking pot shots at people you will be glad of the security . 
  likewise , if an aircraft can be shot down before it crashes into a packed stadium you will be glad of the missiles . 
  those missiles will not be short range , and they 're certainly not the first line of defence . 
  it 's not about the nasty government intimidating people on the street , it 's all about making it as hard as possible for a bunch of random nutters pulling of a incident like 9/11 or if it does happen being able to react super fast . 
   i think it is there as a show for the defense contractors and to intimidate / `` impress '' the lower `` classes '' . . is a conspiracy nutters circlejerk line and has no basis in reason or fact . 
   i think it is there as a show for the defense contractors and to intimidate / `` impress '' the lower `` classes '' . . that 's because you 're naive enough to believe the world is a good place full of good people . 
  pay your debts , 533 and counting . 
   israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu later accused iran of being behind the explosion . 
   `` all the signs lead to iran , '' he said in a statement . 
  `` israel will respond forcefully to iranian terror . '', 
  so a few hours after the bombing `` all signs point to iran '' , colour me sceptical . 
  yeah i guess so but for someone who 's 26 it feels like i 'm stuck with a terrible hangover from a party i was late to . 
  everyone who got to the party nice and early seem to be having a much better time dealing with their hangovers . 
  `` britain is still more than 4 % below the level of gdp recorded in 2007 and about 12 % below the trajectory set before the financial crisis . '', 
  i long for the days when all we had to worry about were the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  currently 6:1 , not that it matters . 
  i believe the choice exists , but i also believe that europe is probably the better choice . 
  there 's a third choice though i guess and that 's to maintain the situation were in now though i do n't think that the current situation is sustainable in the long term . 
  yes , but everyone else has to be friends with each other , they have no choice . 
  the uk does which is the entire point of the post . 
  our former colonies are easier to work with and we share more in common with them . 
  we 've spent the last 1000 years fighting everyone on the continent . 
  european nations do n't have the luxury of having such close bonds with other nations and the uk values it 's enough to want to do everything possible to keep them . 
  france , germany , holland , italy are stuck with each other for better or for worse . 
  get a grip , it 's txampion . 
  that 's a heavy blow . 
  is it too late for the government to step in and try and save some of the jobs ? 
  at least the ever `` reliable '' french unions have reacted . 
  if there 's anything that will bring the abrahamic religions closer together its them defending their rights to mutilate small children . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  you 'll have to pry this keyboard from my cold dead hands . 
  now let 's not lie on the internet , if you were sorry for being a dick you would n't have gone ahead and clicked save after you typed the comment .
