  that 's if the vote ever comes , and god help us if it does n't . 
  you think you 're tired of it now i ca n't imagine going through this throughout the next government too . 
  as a content issue in / r/europe , i do n't really see a problem with it or a reason to whinge when the content is up voted by the users themselves . 
  we 're not quite in express/princess diana territory, 
  and we 're going to be talking about it fairly often in here , and in the uk which is a bloody good thing because you bet your arse the daily mail , ukip and the fear mongers wo n't . 
  i know you 're not british , but if europhiles are already giving up the fight before a date has even been set then that 's slightly worrying . 
  burying your head in the sand is n't going to make the issue go away . 
  and here we are trying to address an issue that 's been around for decades by putting it to a vote . 
  in or out , here are the arguments . 
  i thought you might at least welcome it being put to sleep for another few decades . 
  how about another gypsies/islam thread ? 
  there has n't been one of those for 2 days . 
  why ? 
  the bastards . 
  take the french , they 're eligible and they 're nothing but trouble here . 
  as a fucking insult you cunt . 
  i 'd punish you by sending you to australia , but you 're already there . 
   it may be `` generally accepted '' , it is n't any less incorrect or misleading . 
  unless they are kept in solitary confinement , they are not really `` removed from society '' and even then , i would n't really say somebody like bradley/chelsea manning has been truly `` removed from society '' . 
  prisons are pretty much within society . 
  they have contact with our society , it does n't mean they 're part of it . 
  i 'm not a member of spanish society because i can talk to someone in spain when ever i want . 
  society : * the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community * a quick definition from google , now using this definition it becomes quite clear that prisoners exist in a different society to our own , and they have been removed from society as a punishment and to be rehabilitated . 
  so , it 's 100 % correct . 
  can we make this clear right now ? 
  that unless you are altering the definition of the word , prisoners have been removed from society . 
   if you have any reason , beyond `` they 've been naughty '' , to deny them a vote to the parliaments which pass these laws , please give them . 
  because i 'm rather unconvinced so far ... and that 's fair enough , i happen to think people who have been removed from society by force should no longer have a say in how that society is governed . 
  i can see that this argument is basically just coming down to personal beliefs , you ca n't convince me that prisoners should continue to be a part of a society that has removed them ( temporarily ) , and you think that they should continue to be a part of a society that has tried to remove them ( temporarily ) . 
  you believe that they should continue to be represented in prison because that 's fairer , where as i think issues coming from a lack of representation should be tackled before they reach prison . 
  am i right ? 
  why bother joining in if a ) you 're going to misdirect the conversation , and b ) resort to basically saying nothing afterwards . 
  i do n't know where you live , but talking of prisoners being `` removed from society '' is generally accepted here , it 's not just something i made up to illustrate a point . 
  i dint suggest juries write laws , i suggested juries are more easily able to reject laws they disagree with . 
  and prisoners are not members of any community , there is no voluntary consent given to their situation . 
  they have been removed from society and certain rights have been suspended . 
  they have no more right to make decisions involving the community they came from than i do over local elections in spain . 
  the problem is better addressed by reform further up the chain by improving the process of sentencing and law making . 
  jury 's have the right to acquit on the basis that they think a law is unjust , but they do n't receive any information on how the convicted might be sentenced , which means if you might agree on a law , but find yourself in a position where you 're potentially condemning someone to a sentence you think is too harsh . 
  i think some allowance should be made that this is no longer the case . 
  i 'm am 100 % convinced that prisoners should not have a say in their previous communities until they rejoin them , and that not only should their interests while inside be covered before they enter prison , this would end up being a more effective safeguard against the situation simonask suggested might occur . 
  this still wo n't really tackle tyranny of the majority , but that is an issue with the democratic process itself . 
  and human rights laws should be expanded to protect a minority from being subject to the whim of the majority etc. 
  how has it enabled tyranny ? 
  these people are not represented on the outside , and not represented on the inside . 
  this is a different issue . 
  they 're not , they have been removed from their communities and sent to prison . 
  they may rejoin that community afterwards where they will once again be able to vote . 
  so they should be allowed to influence the communities they have already harmed ? 
  they 're in prison because they were sent there by members of their community . 
  so who exactly would these people in prison be voting for , if they had no one to vote for on the outside to protect their intrests ? 
  the problem there is n't with prison voting , and prison voting would n't have helped . 
  that 's an entirely different issue . 
  and if it bred tyranny we would n't be seeing the first sprouts of hope popping up suggesting an end to the `` war on drugs '' might be in sight in the usa , and indeed that entire continent . 
   until they are n't . 
  what kind of argument is that . 
   this is n't hyperbole . 
  democracies have devolved into totalitarianism before . 
  any and every loophole out of democracy must be closed . 
  it 's not a loophole , because looking outside this one specific area shows us that there are already measures in place in the uk . 
  if you would broaden your view of the issue then you could see this . 
  we have n't had a large scale nuclear war , because measures were put into place to make sure it did n't happen , reducing your argument to hyperbole does n't exactly help matters . 
  measures are already in place to ensure we do n't end up with a totalitarian government . 
  if people are in prison for committing `` victimless '' crimes , then those laws are the problem , not the fact the people who commit those crimes surrender their right to vote while in prison , as well as their right to free movement etc etc. 
  trial by jury here in the uk means you can acquit based on a law that you do n't think is just . 
  and while this can be subject to tyranny of the majority ( a problem all democracies face ) it does offer protection . 
  why has n't that happened then ? 
  bad idea , these people should n't have votes here in the uk . 
  same with prisoners , they should continue to loose the right to vote . 
   jean-christophe lagarde , secretary general of the french centre-right party the udi told the local france : `` it makes much more sense to vote in the country where you live , than where you are from . 
  if i lived in germany i would want to have the vote for the bundestag elections . 
  i agree , you should participate in the politics of your own community not somewhere you have not lived for 15 years . 
  i 've more trust in the french community in london voting in accordance for the best wishes for their community over some old bints living on the coast of spain who do n't have a stake in our country . 
   most of the notices have been sent to romanians and bulgarians i assume these are people who arrived prior to the 1st of january ? 
  as in , they got work permits , started a job but lost their job but did n't move back to those countries ? 
  i think i 'm going to get shit on here because i did n't make it clear that it was n't my view . 
  but italy has a reputation here for incompetence , not just incompetence because there 's the mafia stereotype , the handsome dark skinned tall latin bloke , and good cooks too . 
  it 's not really hate , the same sort of opinions floated around when that cruise liner sank , and when we found out the italian captain had tried to bail out after monumentally fucking up , lots of people just chalked it up to him being italian , and that 's just what theyre like . 
  basically stereotypical views like that do n't just exist in r/polandball . 
  people do n't hate italy for it , but it does add more to italy 's reputation of being a bit of a joke . 
  we won the women 's ashes , that was the real competition this year we just forgot to tell everyone else . 
  conscription is universally a bad thing when it comes to the military , the military is n't there to build the character of soldiers , it 's there to wage war or keep the peace . 
  the only time it should be in effect is in a state of total war , hopefully we will never see that again in europe , because if it happens we 're going to have anyone to conscript after the nukes land . 
  it 's is useful however if you 're in a position like israel , where they want to keep at a high readiness to fight a conventional war , against an alliance of opponents . 
  i ca n't see it being remotely useful for europe where manpower would n't be an issue to fight smaller wars , outside the continent and total war is unimaginable given the aforementioned nukes . 
  a massive undertaking for a proper comparison . 
  i can say with certainty that the majority of the equipment listed here is n't close to on the same level as modern us hardware . 
  the quality of troops varies massively within the eu , with some countries still using conscription / military service . 
  there 's really no way i can write up a comparison beyond numbers , and numbers on their own are pretty useless . 
  here 's what our armed forces would look like if they basically just amalgamated . 
  eu armed forces | | : -- | : -- military expenditure ( $ ) | $ 192,535,000,000 | per capita ( $ ) | $ 387 | % of gdp | 1.55 % | operations & maintenance expenditure ( $ ) | $ 45,219,000,000 | active military personnel | 1,551,038 | navy | | : -- | : -- air craft carriers | 6 ( 2 new british carriers included ) | destroyer | 21 | frigate | 105 | missile sub | 8 | attack sub | 50 | army | | : -- | : -- main battle tank | 6,510 ( lots of old soviet stock , greece has over 500 old m48 's that they can apparently afford to maintain ... ) | armoured vehicle | 46,211 ( as above ) | spg | 2,116 | towed artillery | 3,398 | mrl | 1,319 | mortar | 18,302 | attack helicopter | 338 air force ( fighters ) | | : -- | : -- eurofighter | 353 | tornado | 312 | mirage 200 | 188 | saab gripen | 162 | f16 | 393 | f/a18 | 128 | other | 493 ( some old soviet stock , the rafale , and 3 of the uk 's new f-35 's ) lots of inefficiency , and missed out logistical support because i got bored , but it appears to be lacking or not recorded . 
  seems like denmark has an issue without people being on them long term . 
  i think that 's probably as bad as the depression not being diagnosed or addressed at all . 
  but i do n't really know , i barely have an appreciation of what depression is as a medical issue , so i think i 'll stay clear on commenting on it . 
  anti-depressants do n't treat depression though , they just hide the symptoms right ? 
  can you ever come off them ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  maybe a charismatic leader born from the interventions in africa could rise up , lead an army through europe and we could sit back and watch while he pokes russia with a stick . 
   soon the `` bump '' will be more than noticeable and it 's likely to give birth to something nasty . 
  the sixth republic ?
