  the eu should be consolidating and strengthening , not adding another basket case to the mix . 
  the only time i would consider reasonable would be measured in decades . 
  i am against enlargement in principle . 
  [ u ere agun whunging aboot teh unglo saxzons on thehr pulondboll . 
  [ german nationalism on the rise !, 
  your message reached me through the nether . 
  everyone 's a winner baby, 
  it 's our second most important national tradition . 
  sometimes i think you 're not even british . 
  you know it 's coming , stop fishing for that sweet continental karma . 
  all his good work will now be forgot , because of his penchant for under-age botts . 
  surely those marathons and charity races offset his spunking on teenagers faces ? 
  [ in before somone mentions some bias that gives us an advantage ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yv16a8r.gif ), 
  it 's banned here in the uk , at least on the big isp 's . 
  eh youh enleish awahys in yuire / r/polandball obsezzing ouver ous , i um nout bethert . 
  that would only be related if i were speaking in jest , 
  considering how much time you spend on this subreddits saying this i beg to differ . 
  it 's just harder for you because you lost, 
  speak for yourself . 
  the only reason i would want to visit france again is at the head of an army formed to rape , pillage , murder and to reclaim calais and the rest of our illegally occupied territory 's . 
  i dont really know what you expect me to take from that statement . 
  because them being something i do n't like is n't the issue here , these posts absolutely belong on r/europe but they should n't come close to turning r/europe into r/ukrainecrisis . 
  this is n't just about him , it 's about lots bombarding the subreddits with ukraine posts constantly . 
  the problem is n't the content , or the posters alone , but the fact that there are so many people wanting to see these and that reddit does n't allow more than one sticky at the top of the sub . 
  if we could have one ukraine megapost and whatever normal sticky we have at the top there would n't be an issue . 
  yes they are , this why the discussion revolves around keeping it all together and not letting it dominate the subreddits rather than banning it outright . 
  i only mention you because your account was created specifically to do what you 're doing . 
  there 's others too . 
  13 of the first 25 posts on the front page are regarding russia . 
  users like / u/giggster are just constantly hammering the front page with this stuff . 
  if they found a lead singer who could actually sing in english , that epic sax guy song would be awesome . 
  big as in big population not big as in a race of 6ft 7 monsters , 
  yeah i 'm sure you 're free to join the global society for the prevention of halal diet . 
  along with the rest of the nutters who some how think this something anyone should care about . 
  this just a natural shift , this is n't a takeover , johnny muslim is n't turning big ben into a minaret , and there 's no reason to be against any of this news you have posted . 
  ( other than it not being relevant to this sub ) now if you would kindly fuck off and never return that would be great . 
  ah you 're one of those , schools preparing adequate food for their pupils is fine . 
  if their catchment area is islamic then they should prepare suitable food . 
  stop getting worked up about shit that does n't matter and does n't affect you . 
  a less contentious title would be subway notices market for fast food featuring halal meat and no pork in accordance with muslim doctrine in order to make more money in communities with a large muslim population . 
  just the free market at work . 
  what about ireland ? 
  the uk has by far the largest participation out of the big eu countries . 
  i was more surprised to see that the survey noted that 87 % of uk homes have a broadband internet connection . 
  [ the results are here if anyone wants a gander ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/4-18122013-bp/en/4-18122013-bp-en.pdf ) makes me wonder how the survey was conducted , if i was a little old biddy and had something about internet access and general it use put through my letterbox i might just ignore it . 
  thank you for using the nutrimatic drinks dispenser , a product of the sirius cybernetics corporation . 
  have a nice day . 
  are you portuguese ? 
  this sort of thing is your responsibility , the eu should just not enable the corruption by removing nations with low standards from the eu . 
  there 's a lot of brits in spain taking advantage of brits looking for their dream home . 
  brits moving should speak spanish , many of these issues are coming from either intentionally misleading translations or mistakes . 
  i 'm sure there 's spanish people taking advantage too , . 
  moving abroad without command of the language is a mistake in any situation imo . 
  seriously fuck any nutter who goes to the effort to make other people miserable thousands of miles away . 
  foreign fighters do nothing but shrink the voice of those whose homes and families are destroyed daily in the war and reduce the chance for peace . 
  good riddance . 
  nope nonsense again . 
  the euro has structural problems that are well documented , were commented on at the euros birth , and came to pass during the financial crisis . 
  what ? 
  those are both legitimate concerns . 
  and your second point is nonsense . 
   euro was n't a problem well no , the euro would n't have been as big of a problem if nothing else had gone wrong , but it did so now it 's a problem . 
  so someone who is working minimum wage in a factory does n't deserve to feel threatened by immigration because he 's poor / undereducated ? 
  british people do n't get to feel concerned because everyone in europe can have a say in how our lives are run ? 
  he 's mocking your statement that ukip only get votes only because people hate and fear the eu , completely ignoring any legitimate concerns people might have which might cause them to vote ukip . 
  / r/europe has difficulty discussing anything ukip , or euroskeptic without low effort comments like yours . 
  only on r/europe could someone taking this thread seriously get upvotes for telling someone else their head is up thier arse . 
  typical arrogant frenchman . 
  i wish we had just had one more war with the french before giving war in europe up . 
  ( mers-el-kebir does n't count . ), 
  there 's just something heart warming about watching full blooded englishmen striking terror into the hearts of the cowardly french , makes you long for the days of agincourt and longbows . 
  we 've closed or are in the process of winding down our bases in germany . 
  our fate is already linked with that of our allies on the continent , our efforts should largely focus on protecting the north sea and the med with an expanded navy and air force if we 're going back to a cold war style stand off imo . 
  no , it 's probably bollocks, 
  they hate 2 groups equally , there are more than two groups . 
  it might just be that for mexico and brazil , they hate anyone who is n't christian equally . 
  that 's hardly progressive . 
  and for china they might just hate everyone who is n't a confucian , taoist or buddhist etc etc. 
  maybe there is n't the consensus you expect ? 
  it 's very easy to just label these comments as `` astroturfing '' , you could say the same about this subreddit and anti-russian comments . 
  the best thing is not throw these accusations around without proof . 
  why do you think the mcanns went to portugal ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ have ^ ^ no ^ ^ idea ^ ^ what ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ talking ^ ^ ^ about , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ saw ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ documentary ^ ^ ^ ^ and , ^ ^ ^ ^ ignore ^ ^ ^ ^ me, 
  9 -7:30 with 2 hours for lunch/breaks is n't exactly extreme , makes me wonder why they do n't just go home earlier instead of taking so many breaks . 
  it 's not just that , the / r/conspiracy crowd have jumped on the russian bandwagon . 
  they 've been making / r/worldnews and / r/news unbearable for over a year now . 
  the nsa blanket surveillance has given every nutter on reddit license to spew their remarkable bullshit far and wide , which is a shame because sane rational people are put off when mouth foamers wave their flags . 
  there 's conspiracy users coming in here too , which would n't be such a problem if their contributors were not completely , irredeemably insane . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  if you 're just on reddit to whinge about the usa ca n't you stick to subreddits devoted to that ? 
  yes , of course i did . 
  and i 'm enthralled by the same kind of bloodlust i felt before afghanistan and iraq , it 's astonishing how you knew this about me . 
  are we old friends ? 
  nope , no preference stated or implied . 
  yep , i do n't think either option is pretty . 
  i guess the other option is to do little , and deal with having unrecognised borders and territorial disputes between ukraine and russia for decades . 
  if this situation was easily managed , i 'd imagine it would be all over by now . 
  i did n't apply morality to either situation . 
  are you talking about buffer zones here or countries firmly in the russian sphere of influence ? 
  because they 're different things in my mind .
