  the article was trying to move away from painting these countries as a utopia , showing us issues we 're familiar with here in the uk is a way of doing that . 
  we learnt about the sudetenland as part of the build up to world war two and the failed appeasement policy of the british government at the time . 
  i think this might have been taught to every child before they can choose subjects and potentially drop history , i 'm not sure . 
  and as part of gcse history around 2001 the prague spring came up while looking at the cold war and the aftermath of world war two . 
  i do n't really know if the curriculum has changed much since then . 
  it 's often exacerbated by heat , and in locations where alcohol is cheaper than fresh water it 's uncontrollable . 
  it was very considerate of our southern friends to set up contained areas like magaluf , ibiza and malia where they can sweat it out . 
  particular care and attention for older victims at benidrom is very thoughtful too . 
   * vikingus berzerkitis * can confirm , that genetic trait was passed along to us in the middle ages . 
  i squatted / r/ulebritannia in an effort to keep it away from the septics . 
  / r/britishproblems is our patriotism-jerk . 
  that location would also be earth , the solar system , the milky way , or the entire galaxy if you 're going to behave like a cretin . 
  no the roma are an issue isolated to locations where the roma live , and the locations out of those where they cause trouble . 
  this is a moderated forum specifically to talk about european issues . 
  not how you had a bad experience with roma while working in a factory and how that means they 're all scum . 
  they are not the only people diverting from the msm . 
  they are however the worst source for accurate information outside the evil msm . 
  you 're obsession with the evil msm , despite the msm ( guardian , uk ) being the best source of the wikileaks stuff , and the snowden stuff . 
  conspiracy theorists are universally morons , they do not have a monopoly on media outside of the mainstream , and here on reddit , their home / r/conspiracy is a den of racism and mental illness . 
  conspiracy theorists damage legitimate concerns with nonsense , there 's so much bullshit coming out of / r/conspiracy they 're bound to get at least close to something real . 
  but yeah , despite the fact we have known about echelon for two decades , conspiracy theorists have been debating about thermite in the trade towers , lizard people , global jewish conspiracy and the bilderberg group ruling the world , brain control and labing victims of shooting incidents in the usa as crisis actors . 
  conspiracy theorists are universally moronic , refuse to tackle issues we know exist in preference to imagining patterns and conspiracies where none exist . 
  at the moment despite all thats come out as a result of snowden 's exposure of mass blanket survielence , / r/conspiracy users are currently talking about a conspiracy with reddit mods censoring people who speak out against the msm , an inaccurate representation of fuedalism that is among / r/badhistory 's favourites , a sign in london talking about cctv , and some conspiracy talking about the moon . 
  please tell me more about how we should listen to mentally ill people . 
  no need to give morons a martyr, 
  gypsie and islam are trigger words for / r/europe . 
  it 's been much better here recently . 
  report stuff that 's obviously trying to push buttons , and if the mods agree they get rid of it . 
  conspiratard is accurate for anyone who submits to / r/conspiracy . 
  a hateful sub full of racism , holocaust denial and made up stories . 
  what fucking nonsense . 
  anti-russia , not russian . 
  and it 's well deserved . 
  i do n't care about that situation , and it 's cold . 
  boobs on page 3 are not the only reason we 're great !, 
   moving too slow sometimes can be just enough careless . 
  we learned during the balkan war what it meant to move too slow . 
  to `` lose '' a country out of one 's influence sphere is a serious setback . 
  you can increase efforts to make an accession efficient , but it is difficult to go back once you `` lose '' a country . 
  i do see what you mean here , especially when we 're `` competing '' with russia for influence in certain regions . 
  i do understand that this is n't going to happen any time soon , but while we have the opportunity the eu could look at improving the accession process if possible . 
  my belief in the goals of the eu is not strong enough to outweigh my fears of it all collapsing because we 're moving to fast and without enough care . 
  it 's in everyone 's interest , a clean , open and vibrant serbia is a boost to the entire eu project . 
  i 'd imagine their going to be allowed in regardless of standards as long as the legislature is in place at serbia 's end . 
   britain 's stance regarding the financial sector also affects the eu , probably to a much greater extent than a country of 7 million would ever be able to . 
  is there an opportunity to speak about the uk and the financial tax that passes you by ? 
  irrelevant to this situation . 
  be less boring . 
  except for they do n't do squat : see bulgaria . 
  yep . 
  but the problem is that while you 're improving your own situation , you 're actively taking part in the governing of the eu . 
  and that affects all of us , i believe in the long term it is best to have serbia as a member , but the barrier for entry should be higher . 
  a solid effort still leaves you ranked 72/177 in the corruption perception index . 
  i understand that things are getting better . 
  there 's a daily mail headline just waiting to happen . 
  but it does n't work . 
  look at bulgaria , and to a lesser extent romania . 
  both countries still having big issues . 
  serbia is in no condition to be joining the eu , not until it makes a solid effort to deal with the corruption there . 
  are you all honestly happy that politicians from one of europe 's most corrupt states will have a say in all our lives ? 
  we already made mistakes with the last expansions . 
  this is just going to be adding to the problem . 
  edit : accidently a word, 
  you 're french right ? 
  seems i 've a good way to help replace the community bonding that once came from packed pews in churches across the country . 
  life for people is improved if you 're familiar with your neighbours . 
  get people together , let them gossip and put the world to rights . 
  after some point these people might set about improving their local conditions . 
  ca n't watch the video here , but i 'd hope these are not exclusively for atheists we do n't need another excuse for `` us vs them '' attitudes . 
  it probably has more to do with class than race . 
  we do n't need to legislate for this , it 's going to happen naturally in the north and east . 
  france/spain/portuagal / italy will keep their languages . 
  an explosion in british consumption of dutch/german , scandanavian , eastern european media will draw the uk closer to the continent . 
  edit : just to point out that this is n't backed up by any facts , just a mixture of hope and expectation, 
  the article does n't mention arm once . 
  which is a pretty big show of how little research has been put into it . 
  well you 're arguing a different point now , what i said above only relates to the statement `` system when he and his institution are part of said system in name only . '', 
  regarding the economic crisis i do n't think the parliament had enough power to take measures on it 's own to tackle the crisis , but it did have a part to play in some of the legislature following the crisis , specifically the `` six pack '' of reforms to the stability and growth pact which were endorsed by the parliament and were aimed at reducing public deficits . 
  not really in name only , you 're being very generous there . 
  you can through their powers [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/aboutparliament/en/007c895f4c/powers-and-procedures.html ) . 
  i can see the point you 're trying to make that they do n't hold as much power as the council , but they 're not bereft of any responsibility . 
  it 's important not to reduce things down like that . 
  he pulled the banker card 2:18 seconds in , and denied all responsibility of being part of the system that has fostered the lowest confidence in the eu ever . 
  and started shouting all over the presenter after only being pushed a minuscule amount . 
  arguing on semantics on how the uk approaches reform in the eu . 
  sounds like your bog standard bullshit to me . 
  running on a platform of change , my arse . 
  good news everyone , this fuckhead will be back on the streets in 5 years , yay !, 
  the / s stands for sarcasm . 
  it 's a joke bob , not a critical appraisal on the future of popular music in belgrade . 
  i think blur/pulp/oasis / the prodigy/annie lennox/jamiroquai/radiohead / the verve/erasure/basement jaxx/travis more than make up for coldplay . 
  i do n't think they will follow us into the 2000 's though , they will hit the david grey period in the late 90 's and i 'm pretty sure that will kill it off and if it does n't 2004 and james blunt will end it 100 % . 
  yep the dutch and the english were big players , but it 's not going to be one of those things you can slap a tag on and say `` x invented it '' it developed naturally . 
  ca n't go one thread in here without the uk receiving special treatment from people who think that the uk is literally the only country that gets concessions from the rest of the eu members . 
  or thinking it 's the only country that looks out for it 's intrests . 
  the financial transaction tax will probably pop up in your next reply . 
  have fun !, 
  not sure who 's down-voting you , just want you to be clear that it 's not me . 
  hewitt has written a book that seems quite popular with the anti euro crowd . 
  i 've not read it though .
