  karen gillan and gail porter prevented me from writing the most obvious comment an englishman could reply with . 
  i live in the peak district , not being able to get out of town for almost 2 days is unprecedented for me it 's certainly real . 
  gritters and ploughs did a good job trying to keep the roads open though at some points the snow was drifting in faster than they could clear it . 
  i just wish i was 10 , not 28 with a job to get to so i could enjoy it . 
  yeah i just found something similar , i 've included it with the above for what it 's worth . 
  [ this ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/scottish-independence ) contains the results from polls , and the question asked . 
  i 'd imagine there probably will be a generation gap , especially as 16 year olds are going to be allowed to vote in this referendum . 
  looks like the yes campaign will have some work to do , and it 'll probably work it 's way on to reddit too seeing as there 's at least one actively campaigning member who posts in / r/uk / r/scotland / r/europe regularly . 
  i 'd imagine there will be a lot of focus on a ) getting young people voting and b ) active campaigns from both sides heavily targeting kids . 
  edit : i found [ this ] ( http://www.kantar.com/media/140321/tns_bmrb_-_scottish_independence_poll_-_14th_january_2013.pdf ) that suggests that the gap is n't as strong as i expected . 
  not really sure how valid the sample size and other factors are , maybe someone else can contribute more . 
  the information should be on www.votewatch.eu at some point today or tomorrow . 
  you can break the votes up into partys or individuals here rather easily plus if they went along with the party during said votr . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/trans-european-energy-infrastructure-draft-legislative-resolution-single-vote-ordinary-legislative-p.html ), 
  people who eat under ripe bananas disgust me . 
  not as much as people who let the tea bag touch milk , but they 're up there . 
  you do realise we 're in the 21st century now ? 
  if it were to happen again , we would see it coming a long way off . 
  europe is no longer a tinderbox waiting to go off , and we do n't put so much into our armed forces any more . 
  there 's only one country on the planet well armed enough to launch straight into another world war on the next level and that 's the usa . 
  we 're not even a localised tinderbox like india/pakistan . 
  it gives us some breathing room to at least see it coming . 
  as far as economic integration , that would slip away or be planned against as the other pieces arrange themselves on the board so it again should give us breathing room, 
  well we already built the modern world , we 're just resting before we launch you all into post humanism . 
  i 've literally got the plans on my desk , do n't worry . 
  i think i 'll go bury my head in manure now . 
  what a terrible day . 
  i 've embarrassed myself now too, 
  it does n't really work in text , you ca n't be as subtle . 
  so all that ends up happening is that some lumbering oaf ( ie me ) will pop up and stamp any finesse out of the comment . 
  the opportunity for a fine pun was missed , and it breaks my heart . 
  but yes , we should be eating them . 
  i ca n't see why anyone would refuse to eat a venison but be fine with a 12p sausage from tesco . 
  replacing it with neo-feudalism is n't the answer . 
  luckily the phone hacking scandal halted murdoch 's expansion with a proposed takeover of bskyb . 
  i think it was worth sitting through months of that increasingly dull tale just to fuck him over . 
  i 'd like to nominate / u/countvontroll if s/he has the time . 
  all 11 of them . 
  do you think it 's actual propaganda or is it a symptom of a competitive media trying to one up themselves on the panic scale ? 
  ( talking about the usa here ), 
   so essentially we have specialised armour piercing explosives and the ability to track and find the weak points of the target without human interaction . 
  then it becomes a matter of price . 
  the infantry are cheaper than the tank . 
  this technology , where does it come from ? 
  i know where the least armoured areas on a tank are , but where is the computer that can figuire it all out by itself with no human interaction ? 
  i suspect you made this up . 
   the same reason they keep f-18s around even though the f-22 would wipe the floor with them . 
  of course , what you mean here is the reason you imagine they keep both aircraft around but again , it 's wrong . 
  different tools , different strengths different weaknesses . 
  the f18 for the air force is due to be replaced by the f35 which in itself comes in different configurations depending on its use . 
  how big of a logistical supply chain does it take to maintain and arm an f22 raptor compared to a f18 ? 
  how quickly can you replace losses ? 
  how effective is the f22 compared to the f18 on ground assault missions ? 
  again i 'd like to ask you where you are picking this stuff up , because i would like to read it too . 
   a large part of it is modern technology . 
  for tanks to be viable they have to lose armour somewhere . 
  both historically and today this was the top armour . 
  we have weapons that are able to track and find the top of a tank today . 
  modern variants of the javelin will actively pick out the top of the vehicle . 
  not to mention that it uses high explosive shaped charges that will punch through just about anything . 
   track and find the weak points of the target without human interaction . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source where this technology is discussed ? 
  i 'm all up for space age technology that can look at a never seen before vehicle and locate all its weak points !, 
   that is without going into how a helicopter gunship would wipe out an entire regiment of tanks on its own . 
  and the helicopter is n't invulnerable , does that make it useless too ? 
   once we have mag weapons ( the americans are doing a lot of research into this , as is israel ) it will essentially be game over for the tank . 
  currently the research is about creating small arms with no kick and giant artillery guns . 
  however you could equally make a gun with human manageable kick that could hit like a tank shell . 
  christ does everything you think about this come from a comicbook ? 
  where 's the power for these weapons coming from , they 're not even remotely close to being deployable , but in your wisdom what platforms aside from artillery and battleships do you see this being used with ? 
  ( hint : it 's fast , on tracks and is turreted )  [ 1 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fgm-148_javelin so the usa is keeping tanks around 10,000 abrams tanks for god knows what reason despite the fact that they have an astonishing amount of resources , and you have read a wikipedia article and are therefore are getting something that the entire us army are not ? 
  we 've had this discussion before , i 'm entirely sure of it . 
  i have fient memory of your stunning ability to wargame future wars in your mind without knowing the slightest thing about current or past military doctrine or logistics . 
  bloody frustrating, 
  what have you read that has influenced your opinion ? 
  i would like to see it . 
  tanks have very rarely had immunity to hand held weaponry , and if they did hold it , it was briefly . 
  the m4 sherman , a famous wii tank was n't a heavy tank , was n't designed to take massive beatings like the is tanks or the tiger tanks , was vulnerable to carried weapons . 
  the usa produced 1000 's of them , same with the t34 the soviets had , they fill a roll and still do . 
  do you honestly think that hand carried infantry weapons capable of knocking a tank out of action are a recent occurrence ? 
  tanks are vulnerable but they also have some unique quality 's only they can bring to the table . 
  they 're a tool , a multifunctional tool . 
  that we only keep them around to keep them around to make sure units exist is laughable . 
  we might as well scrap every military assest and just have 20 submarines carrying nukes , after all a nuke fits every situation !, 
  if you 're going to arm chair general you need to know your shit , i do n't know my shit but i 'm not sat her claiming things are obsolete . 
  tanks are not useless , certainly not at the level it 's feared aircraft carriers might be . 
   it 's probably poking fun at the united kingdom constantly undermining the european union and consecutive governments failing to understand that the system inherently requires compromise on the behalf of all its member states would you like to provide some information on where the uk has undermined the eu ? 
  these have to be pretty bad , considering other nations actions undermining eu laws . 
  i 'm honestly failing to see where the uk stands out in this regard . 
  when i slip my balls in i can assure you it 's never a mistake , just another one of life 's little adventures . 
  well the good thing about arguing with strangers in front of an audience means that you 're more likely to use accurate information . 
  i ca n't remember the last time anyone i knew spoke about europe aside from my grandparents who actually asked me what i think because they were not sure . 
  ( really proud about this , they read the daily mail and are both in their 80s yet do n't blindly follow it 's lead . ), 
  according to the yougov poll posted here http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/document/m9a19fjwu3/yg-archive-29jan13-eurotrack-january.pdf the number at do n't know is 17 % and to stay in / leave are both 38 % . 
  i think we 're far from calling it one way or another at this point . 
  lets hope for a well run campaign ( from both sides ), 
  most people do n't know . 
  the battle is n't lost yet , it has n't really even started . 
  american armoured wankball , an average of 11 minutes of movement in any one game !,
