  can you think of any of place on the planet where they could have given birth to the internet as it is now other than the usa ? 
  you think any of country is worthy of it , germany ? 
  where your experience is entirely based on some archaic copyright laws , and god forbid there 's blood and violence ? 
  france ? 
  where 75 % of all the pages on the internet would have to be in french and the government would control 40 % of it directly or indirectly ? 
  come on , tell me just who is `` worthy '' because from where i 'm fucking sat at least it 's got a bloody chance in the usa . 
   cameron really should go into damage reduction mode - the economic elites of the union do n't care about surveillance of the populace ( though they might be a bit miffed by a foreign governement doing it ) but they do n't like spying on trade deals and trade secrets . 
  however the island is still high on history and it 's faltering superpower ally 's bully-strength so it does n't understand that actions have consequences even for the glorious anglo-saxon allience . 
  as cameron and you demonstrate in such an endearingly arrogant way . 
  blah blah blah perfidious albion blah blah blah . 
  punish those realistic brits for being realistic and not assuming we do n't have to compete with anyone in the eu any more . 
  spying on governments is ok . come on , if you 're going to post a reply at least discuss the topic at hand without resorting to the tried and tested `` lol britain thinks it 's an empire still '' or '' dae think uk litteraly is bush 's poodle '' or `` remove anglosphere from the continent '', 
  next thing we know they 'll be building castles and oppressing serfs . 
  remove baguette from the premisis !, 
  probably because the only newspaper articles you bother to read are negative articles you get your knickers in a twist over . 
  yes . 
   if you think that then please just leave the eu my thoughts and expectations do not represent those of everyone in the uk . 
  european nations are still competing with each other and i would welcome any information that can be gleamed that can increase our ability to compete internationally and push our goals in europe . 
   tl ; dr newspaper published reason why embassies are closed down : terrorist know that their communications have been compromised . 
  thank you for the tl ; dr , that was irresponsible . 
  do n't get dragged in , tachyonburst is a 9/11 truther . 
  last time we had guilt sex was with france , and that gave us canada . 
  not too bad actually . 
  for anyone interested [ westward ho ! ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westward_ho ! ), 
  is in devon . 
  it 's very nice during summer and a good place for a holiday . 
  ( yes i know what s/he meant ), 
  i 've no problem if they want to bug a leaders phone , or spy on other governments there is some benefit in that . 
  gchq and the nsa should n't be running blanket mass surveillance on entire populations . 
  but in what world has anything that has been published helped terrorists ? 
  it 's even more telling that he used `` la-di-da airy fairy '' to describe people who do n't think we need to government watching everything we do , just in case mohammed or paddy down the street has a fucking bomb . 
  no but what we do make is expensive , like jet engines ... which was kind of the point of my comment . 
  feels ok , a tiny bit better than 2008 just because the news is positive . 
  but most people 's economic situation has n't improveed or is still getting worse . 
  it 's been a long time coming but it does look like there might be light at the end of the tunnel , but at the same time it does n't feel like we 're in controll of our own destiny , as if even westminster isnt sailing us and we 're just drifting to where the tide takes us . 
  it 's very uncivilized to name your country b ***** m but we do n't exactly get of scot free , cricket is a terrible mockery of the 2 grillion casualties suffered in the krikkit wars, 
  you know what , i 've read my comment , and dispite the fact it was only 23 minutes ago i do n't know what i was on about . 
  they 're not , the uk did n't exist in 1284 . 
  wales was partially annexed in 1282 , by the king of england . 
  and formally integrated in 1542 . 
  we 're too busy making jet engines , and due to the similarities in how they 're made the jet engines are winning out . 
  the alternative excuse is that we only produce bikes for gold winning cyclists . 
  sod the red cross , where 's our european cheese aid ? 
  it 's silly apologising for actions taken by your grandfather , or great grandfather , it 's even sillier apologising for the actions of someone else 's because you happen to be born in the same country . 
  i was talking specifically about the 2004 expansion , 2007 should never have happened , neither should croatia have been allowed to join this year . 
  i do n't agree that all the new members in 2004 were mistakes but i do n't feel comfortable knowing that slovenia for example and it 's corruption now has a say in how my nation is run . 
  the bar for entry is n't high enough . 
  our politicians are bad enough without being exposed to even worse . 
  the eu should n't be thinking of expanding into either region . 
  nothing , he 's claiming that ireland along with france germany and the uk are easy/easier to integrate in if you 're not white . 
  an upsurge in resentment against the wealthier/biggest european nations from the smaller/poorer european nations . 
  corruption becoming a major issue as we invite more countries that ca n't even govern themselves to join the eu and help govern the rest of us . 
  a lack of fairness as nations still essentially compete within the eu framework and the smaller nations/economies get squashed . 
  very little recognition given to any problems above as long as the money flows to the right people . 
  that 's where i think we 're going but i 'm a pessimist . 
  it 's colloquially known as wife beater and known for tasting terrible , yet they still have the ponciest , most irritatingly belgian tosspots advertising it . 
  i 'm honestly not sure why everywhere serves it in the uk . 
  who is john galt ? 
  ** united kingdom : ** [ do n't go roun roun to re ro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppy-scircea ) - an english classic that paved the way for the genre . 
  [ trainspotting ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=junexajiamo ) an insight into the inspiring life of a group of typical young scottish men trying to make it in a offensively english world . 
  [ kes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hryvupsrqmg ) a uplifting story showing just how easy children in sheffield had it in the 60 's . 
  often mistaken for a grim heartbreaking story by people who do n't understand the dark humour of english northerners . 
  [ the iron lady ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyh6xrjsiki ) a biopic following the political career of scotlands most loved daughter , widely applauded as an accurate portrayal of her masterful reign at the top of british politics . 
  you got brazil , good enough . 
  you 're never going to get germans to continue funding your bunga bunga parties with an attitude like that . 
  obvious corruption from a member state = lol british why wont you leave us to our bunga bunga parties ?!, 
  there should be standards that are upheld . 
  if we ca n't get consensus on something as important and useful as a european arrest warrant right then what 's the fucking point at looking at ever closer union ? 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  fuck the fine , kick croatia out . 
  we 're twice as smart as those turks are !, 
  give us your idea and we 'll vote for it !, 
  [ bovington tank museum ] ( http://www.tankmuseum.org/ ) [ the royal armouries in leeds ] ( http://www.royalarmouries.org/home ) free !, 
  any museum really , lots of them are free in the uk and if you 're into your history / natural sciences they 're great . 
  to be honest / r/books was never that good to begin with , especially compared with the genre specific subreddits ( / r/fantasy in particular ) . 
  i think i subbed and then unsubbed because most of it 's content was pictures of books . 
  if you 're a good boy i 'll let you taste my spotted dick . 
  i wish the conservatives would present a united front on europe . 
  i 'm all in for the reform proposals , but it 's never going to work out if the backbenchers do n't even want to try . 
  i 'll probably vote on a individual mep rather than for the party again like the general election . 
  toad in the hole . 
  if you do n't mind me saying this , but your defence of languages has largely come down to how your life turned out but you 're in the minority in the way you now live and work . 
  what i 'm trying to move past is our own experiences , and look at the value of subjects objectively . 
   deciding on an extremely specialised , personalised curriculum at a young age seems like a terrible idea . 
  twelve year olds are n't so great at deciding which subjects ` are of little value to themselves ' and should n't even be thinking about things like employability and career prospects . 
  i agree completely , what i was saying was more of a train of thought looking into how school time can be spent more effectively without stifling the potential of children . 
  i 'm not singling out languages , languages just happen to be what we 're talking about . 
  re should go too , but that barely took up an hour a week when i was in school . 
  as for other subjects i ca n't think of anything that comes close to languages for the lack of utility it provides in later life . 
  education at that level needs to build a framework so you can chose the specialise later . 
  what does language build up to ? 
  it 's a useful skill on the job market in certain sectors sure but it 's not like maths which might lead up to engineering and scientific pursuits . 
  and this is n't some crusade on languages , i 'm struggling to see where history ( my favourite subject in school ) fits into it too . 
  there 's some vague awareness benefit and it helps with critical thinking but it 's not as obvious as maths or english . 
  in an ideal world children would be specialising sooner so they can cut out subjects of little value to themselves , i 'm not really sure if people are even capable of making that choice as an adult though . 
  can you give an example of how 4 years of learning french each week has benefited yourself ? 
  i 'm not set in stone on this . 
  compulsory , but that leaves an issue where only 2 years ( if you still only choose for gcse 's ) is n't enough at a few hours a week . 
  if there 's no reason for children to use foreign languages and improve in their own time then it 's pointless wasting a few hours each week on stuff that will never sink all the way in . 
  it 's not as if there 's massive demand to consume media from none english speaking nations to help spur on an appetite for learning .
