  not really anything given the size of the french army . 
  is that really going to demonstrate their value ? 
  when was the last time france sent 10,000 + men anywhere ? 
  i 'd just like to point out i voted remain before i type the rest of this . 
  fear of immigration is not always xenophobia.the real roots of the vote stem from our economic model failing . 
  it 's loosing jobs to de-industrialisation , automation , and immigration . 
  it 's letting the rich play games with tax codes , keeping house prices high , austerity for the common man and opulence for the rich . 
  and then being told by 20 something mouth breathers and champagne socialists that voting out something that upholds that system and enforces it on millions of people living in the eurozone `` pigs '' is xenophobic when all you want is the chance at a more comfortable life and someone else has promised they can fix it easily . 
  the route cause of the brexit vote is inequality . 
  and the eu along with the british government and every european nation either do n't give a toss , or do n't know how to tackle it . 
  some link to an annecdotal story from some wanky hipster blog , and a link to a washington post article that asks more questions than it answers and does n't support your `` most of the leave voters voted out due to xenophobia '' claim is exactly the kind of empty headed bullshit that keeps people arguing in circles . 
  it 's all fucking nonsense , and i ca n't see anything ever being addressed because we 're all happy to dance around the real problem . 
  we 're fucking children and we 're going to get ourselves in a right royal mess . 
  yes . 
  and 82 % of crabs residing in your countries coastal waters are worried about sexual abuse . 
  we can all make up bollocks . 
  he still thinks it 's 1916 and inbetween crafting pipebombs he likes to whinge about the british on reddit . 
  we locked them up , and then proceeded to beat the nazi out of our german friends by killing hundreds of thousands of them , levelling their cities , liberating concentration camps and then occupying their country . 
  all the while our french brothers were sending jews and undesirables to their deaths with the vast majority living fine and comfortable lives . 
  well we 're not making movies about french collaboration & cowardice , you 'd think they 'd be happy they were being ignored . 
  of course it 's the case for you , you just do n't like to admit it . 
  and you 're pro european because you benefit massively from europe , your nation enjoys a somewhat parasitic relationship with it . 
  still bitter you lost ? 
  the young and stupid are just as bad . 
  there 's plenty of stupidity in this country and all others spanning the generation gaps . 
  change your flag description to british empire for a double whammy of fun . 
  any fight you get in will involve us regardless , our fates are tied when it comes to defence . 
  you do as you 're told and they will continue to love you, 
  and it was catherine of braganza who introduced us to it . 
  that was the portuguese, 
  i 'm wearing my fighting trousers . 
  milk , sugar and the partial remains of a chocolate hobnob  sugar . 
  knowing the suitable amount of milk to put in tea  knowing how to roll a real joint . 
  being on a perfectly safe island with no natural or human threats  being placed next to europe 's battleground and under the sea . 
  a wet island in the atlantic  a swamp on the way to france . 
  lol , swamp germans . 
  primitive scotch living in the barren wastelands were broken up & their culture dismantled by non-primitive scotch and they were thrown like seeds to the wind . 
  yes , and that 's where my vote would be going this time round , but labour have a bigger chance of an outright win . 
  or even to force conservatives into a coalition . 
  ( fptp nonsense voting ) i 'm not frothing in the mouth with fear and anxiety regarding brexit like many in / r/unitedkingdom but personally i think we 've nothing to gain by leaving the eu despite it 's issues . 
  labour are so far behind that a bold move like this might be their only option to prevent a conservative landslide . 
  i might even consider voting labour , ignoring everything else based on this . 
  are we back to letting the french get a free pass this week ? 
  this is essentially their fault . 
  that 's what edit is for !, 
  ~ ~ on either side of a sentence will strike it out . 
  then just put edit : wobblewagon is a smart arse , see below no one is going to lynch you , yet . 
  not sure how i forgot android considering i have one sat in front of me right now :d, 
  germany should never have been allowed to rejoin west and east germany again . 
  and france should have been divided after wwii with de gaulles approval or not . 
  there should have also been two states for italy after wwii too . 
  these terms would have been enforced under the un and any attempt to rejoin would have been met with force . 
  i suspect the adverts played a role tying chrome to the rest of the google brands ( google search , youtube ) so even your mum and dad will feel comfortable downloading chrome these days . 
  results from last year for comparison . 
  i 've never been so proud to be a brit . 
  we pushed france above the last dictatorship in europe . 
  thanks for the work you put into this with the collection and tidy formatting of the data . 
  even if i do n't think there the almost infinite amount of choices needed to accurately represent my beliefs were there . 
  i honestly ca n't believe bugsy malone came to my mind before annie . 
  bravo sir . 
  ( i also stole your superior formatting , mwahaha ), 
  \u266a tomorrow , tomorrow never comes . 
  \u266a \u266a what kind of a fool do they take me for ? 
  good point . 
  i doubt the memory of iraq will linger long . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/civil_service/docs/toc100_en.pdf article 66 and more specifically article 66a . 
  which does end on the 31/12/12 . 
  so it 's likely to be true , i ca n't find any mention of it being renewed . 
  but it 's obviously been spun by ukip as far as that article goes . 
  usually you will find a blog post somewhere picking it apart or something on that vein . 
  i literally ca n't find anyone anywhere talking about it who is n't associated with ukip or their beliefs . 
  i have however found the relavent part of the eu staff regulations document here http://ec.europa.eu/civil_service/docs/toc100_en.pdf article 66 and more specifically article 66a . 
  which does end on the 31/12/12 . 
  do n't shoot the messenger . 
  ( not saying the article is accurate , or inaccurate still searching for more information ) ca n't seem to find an alternate source yet , nobody has bothered picking this up . 
  `` we 've '' already said no to iran . 
  even chavs know the unwritten laws and customs surrounding the act of queuing . 
  it 's strange . 
  delete this comment !, 
  no one must ever know our secret shame . 
  of course they represent the society , it does n't represent everyone in that society . 
  the same way that the fact that he got elected does n't represent the beliefs of the people who did n't vote for him . 
  ( less than 50 % voter turnout , and he accumulated 30.7 % of those votes cast ) in a modern and progressive society , it would n't be an issue for anyone . 
  it 's a step in the right direction though . 
  edit : would also like the point out this post . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/qqmby/rainbow_europe_legal_situation_for_lesbian_gay/ that shows that italy is lagging far behind the rest of western europe when it comes to equality for homosexuals . 
  in short italy , modern and progressive society ? 
  my arse . 
  and they only attempted to kill him a handful of times . 
  what a modern and progressive society !, 
  an embarrassment for italy . 
  but he wo n't spend a day in prison . 
  yes , the infastructure is there for the militarys in europe to work together very closely and within the same command structure . 
  ( think nato , and all the benifits 60 years of military cooperation has had [ even with france ] ) the bigger problem is political rather than logistical . 
  we could form a eu military force , but it would be very expensive as france/uk would need to retain the ability for independent action to protect overseas interests . 
  at least until the advent of a political union . 
  pay your debts . 
   yeah , but the government is responsible for that themselves . 
  in a sense they created the condition that they are now saying prevents them from following what was pretty clear before , that the eu budget is turning more and more into the budget of a central state . 
  could you elaborate on this , i 'm not quite sure what you mean  it will turn out the way these eu deals always turn out .
