  you 're whole schtick is support for the eu regardless of it 's actions and failures , so i doubt you would be bothered regardless . 
  tl ; dr : we should expect better from our politicians . 
  should it matter ? 
  in the mainstream sub reddits `` the fappening '' is viewed negatively , i 'm not really sure if this is genuine concern from redditors or post wank guilt though . 
  fark has a florida tag , that 's enough evidence for me . 
  it 's fucking obvious that you 're shilling for australian big uranium interests . 
  you shill shillity shillity shillity shill . 
  ah , did n't realise it had been removed . 
  basically the video showed indian and chinese soldiers literally having a slap fight over a wall on the border . 
  it was posted a few days ago and / r/india reacted predictably . 
  they hike up indian mountains and steal stones from walls . 
  [ link ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cq20qbdaz00 ), 
  he deserved it , but it should n't have happened . 
  so , like i said they do n't want leadership , they want britain pulling in the same direction . 
  british leadership would follow the path the uk has already laid out , one they disagree with . 
  they want the uk on their team , saying the things that everyone else is saying , that 's not leadership , unless having a louder voice than most of those around you is leadership . 
  as for military stuff the uk already has a leading role in nato , is working ever closer with france militarily and we were before this crisis ever wore off . 
  what happens if the uk escalates the conflict ? 
  promises militany aid or assistance ? 
  we talk about appeasement now , but we live in a world with nukes and europe has n't even begun to reach its potential after the last world war , do you want to start another one over ukraine ? 
  as for non military actions the uk is helping lead the eu 's response , but since we have to provide a united front in this there 's no room for a outright leader . 
  note : i 'm neither a euro skeptic , or a euro phile as they currently exist . 
  if only we were not the second most charitable country in europe ( behind ireland ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_giving_index ) is n't it strange how 6 of the countries in the top 10 are formally british colonies ? 
  if only we did n't give birth to the nhs . 
  if only the british empire had n't led the way in the abolitionism of the slave trade . 
  but yes i 'm sure these and many other examples do n't prove anything , indeed the very idea is ridiculous . 
  europhiles often do n't want british leadership , you want britain to be towing the same line as everyone else but at the front doing the most pulling . 
  ron paul 2016 !, 
  he 's taken another break from publishing racist , homophobic , conspiracy toting newsletters for another shot at the presidency !, 
  end the fed, 
  dae / r/worldnews ? 
  they 're capable of it , but i do n't know if the landing process would damage the deck if it was n't designed for that purpose ( our f35 's will be the vtol variant ) . 
  i think by the time our f35b 's are in service the queen elizabeth will be ready too . 
  i do n't think we have anything fixed wing capable of landing on us carriers , drones maybe ? 
  but that 's beside the point because i 'm not really sure how that refutes what i wrote or adds to it ? 
  ireland was n't entirely neutral during wwii , it cooperated enough that the price for occupying it was n't worth it for the uk . 
   mutual defence pacts are for warmongers lol , because if you bury your head in the sand then no one will take any notice of you . 
  everyone gets something out of nato . 
  countries like luxembourg/norway/estonia / latvia/lithuania are not warmongers , they 've been the victims of warmongers . 
  if there 's ever another war on the scale of wwii the irish government will collaborate with the british or lose their independence . 
  if ireland is attacked by anyone other than the uk it 's going to be because whoever is attacking wants a foothold the attack the uk in which case the uk has to act anyway . 
  the uk is your biggest threat , it 's not much of a threat now days but you 're a small nation next door to us , you 're inevitably going to get drawn into our bullshit if things go south . 
  the only thing you gain by ireland not being in nato is not having to contribute irish manpower to fight for your way of life should it be under threat from some other nation . 
  austria 's neutrality has never been tested in a real shit storm . 
  and switzerland make use of their geography well enough that it 's not been worth invading as long as they cooperate somewhat . 
  i know we have bases globally as do the french . 
  they 're not as extensive as the us bases though , they 're on a whole new level in size and scope . 
  divide and conquer , 
  change the borders so that no nation in continental europe had more than 15 million people living in it . 
  do not of worrying , is only of game . 
  i was , jihad was my favourite lesson in school . 
  while my guitar gently weeps is my favourite beatles track and george harrison wrote it , that makes him all right in my book . 
  from where i 'm stood the fact immigration in australia is such a big issue does n't help differentiate it from `` continental europe '' . 
  how do you even qualify those kinds of statement , what data would you look at and how do you distinguish between how people respond in a poll vs how they act in real life ? 
  i mean we 're basically just going of what you can picture in your mind here . 
  i do n't know how familiar you are with sweden but are you honestly that confident ? 
   in countries like australia , fuck off we 're full ? 
  boat people ? 
  it might have been like that 45 years ago , but it does n't look that different to the uk now . 
  as for the usa , well just take a look at the us states that border mexico and prevailing opinions on immigration there . 
  yeah that 's a pretty good one , and it 's not english-centric either . 
  i ca n't think of anyone of the top of my head , richard iii or king john ? 
  they 're too historical really , and thatcher splits opinion rather that being universally hated . 
  i skipped a few mins in . 
  youtuber complains about ed millband link in top left hand corner , as it 's a sign of bias , even demonstrative of a `` lack of integrity '' . 
  does n't mention the ukip link next to it . 
  now that same bar reads : ukip scotland 's referendum ios app android app more presumably this is a mark of the integrity of the website . 
  reads headline complains about it for obvious reasons . 
  anyway , predictably the [ article ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/has-ukips-success-in-the-european-elections-proved-that-democracy-is-a-flawed-way-to-choose-a-government-9449582.html ) comes to the conclusion that it 's better than the alternatives and chucks in that winston churchill quote we 've seen 100 times . 
  it 's just an excuse to write an easy on the flaws of democracy . 
  papers on both sides of the political spectrum churn out this bollocks . 
  3:40 : some hyperbolic nonsense that sounds like something you would find on any given day on world news . 
  eg : '' these people are sick and twisted in the head , that 's what these newspapers told me '' - what 's he reading ? 
  4:40 - gives some context to yanks about the eu and how it compares to the usa 5:28 : apparently the eu flag is whitewashed , we 're all equal in diversity for some reason this is bad because it does n't contain the identity of all the eu members . 
  it gives you insight into why someone like farage or uk or nf or golden dawn and all these other groups and what they dislike about the eu . 
  - well this is the level we 're working on is it ? 
  christ . 
  5:35 talking about the pan american union , how the symbol represents national sovereignty etc , a vital piece of what the pan american union is ... 
  the eu flag is different , 8:10 stops talking about flags ( finally ) and talks about ukip positions . 
  and explains that the pan american union does n't supersede the member nations ability to govern themselves . 
  apparently the eu is destroying member nations identity . 
  - i 'm starting to get bored we 're 9 minutes in and this video has n't really said anything that i could n't have learnt listing to farage speak or reading a ukip leaflet . 
  9:05 apparently the goalposts keep shifting when it comes to a eu referendum , apparently waiting until 2017 is just a delaying tactic . 
  - i do n't think he knows about european union act 2011 ( uk ) which means any future treaty changes must be put to a referendum or he did n't think it was worth mentioning . 
  09:20 - the euro , `` we would n't use a common currency in the pan american union because it would hurt our economies '' , talks about riots here . 
  at the core of it they are a result of being forced into a union that is n't delivering what it promised and has over-reached the authority that people were told it was going to have . 
  10:30 : ukip harangued over racism , homophobia and fascism in the public press . 
  every nasty thing you could think of has been thrown at them . 
  he then cuts to a clip of farage so people could tell him if farage sounds like a nazi . 
  ( does n't mention that these reports in the press are accurate , but do n't concern farage himself . ), 
  11:10 : farage speech in the eu parliament . 
  13:08 : whinging about farage and le pen being vilified as being closet fascists . 
  - this guy basically has only really seen farage and read what le-pen has said ( daughter not father ) by the look of it , his whole `` defence '' centres around them and their public speeches . 
  13:41 , this made me lol `` when did nationalism become a dirty word in europe ? '', 
  13:45 : why is euroscepticism in the press seen to be a code ford for nazism or fascism when it 's not . 
  - hyperbolic statement , his exposure to british media must be very small . 
  14:18 - complains about persecution of golden dawn mp 's arrested for running a criminal gang . 
  - golden dawn officially denies being a neo-nazi movement , though its badge resembles a swastika , some senior members have praised adolf hitler , and its members wear black t-shirts and combat trousers at anti-immigrant demonstrations . 
  the leader will face criminal proceedings after a vote in the greek parliament .
