   half of your country wants independence nope  our internet is more controlled than nk 's lol nope  you still complain about how shitty the politics are in italy an admission of not understanding something is n't a complaint . 
  now if you would like to reply to me regarding the thread , rather than my flair / country of birth , and be accurate at the same time that would be great . 
  mind you , you 're from a country equally as bad as italy , so i can see why your feathers are ruffled . 
  i 'm sorry did i offend you by making mockery of italian politics ? 
  are things like private eye / spitting image / bremner , bird and fortune / the thick of it outlawed in your country ? 
  i do n't really understand how a mayor of a small city can end up as prime-minister of one of the biggest economies of europe without actually having been elected to parliament . 
  though this being italy it should n't surprise me . 
  guess all that 's left to do is wait until someone replaces him after months of fighting behind closed doors , it 's the italian way . 
   implying argentinians are white . 
  aye that 's pretty much what i was referencing with that , 
  does n't mean shit if the hardware at either end is potentially compromised . 
  i suggest using huawei if you want someone else snooping for a change . 
  both carriers are being built , which is why we 're rearming and preparing rather than striking first . 
  i specifically stated brothels , as i assume that 's where the trafficking is headed . 
  did you just link inforwars ? 
  it does n't even mention who was chosen . 
  fucking conspiratards . 
  i 'd prefer poorly but quick . 
  we 've had these nukes sat around doing nothing for decades . 
  would n't it be easier if , at least in the uk we legalised brothels ( prostitution is legal ) and tightly regulated the industry ? 
  combine that with a very public and open campaign promote awareness of the nastiness involved in the trafficking of these women in what would then be unlicensed brothels , and the forcing of police to shut them down with a zero tolerance sentencing that means anybody involved in the running of the brothel is sentenced for human imprisonment / slavery , basically everything we can throw at them . 
  i do n't think the market for sex is going to disappear any time soon . 
  no thanks we 've had our fill . 
  got to rearm and prepare for falklands 2 : exorcet bugaloo, 
  24/02/14 / 10:00  [ ukraine arrest warrant for ex-leader yanukovych ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26320004 ), 
  i do feel a little sympathy for him , but then i remember he was a cunt who 's only good decision was giving himself less responsibility while chancellor . 
  he did well in the election debates back in 2010 , but i think it just appeared as him doing well because cameron and brown were pretty bad . 
  honestly i do n't know how well he will hold up to being badgered by farage . 
   at least 95 euro was free from quantifiable error . 
  while this is not enough to get the court of auditors ' `` green light '' , it does indicate the very high standard of management and control applied to taxpayers ' money at eu level . 
  what 's the difference between the `` green light '' and `` clean bill of health '' ? 
  bunga bunga time !, 
  seamus is not someone anyone should be taking seriously . 
  unless you support his west = evil , everyone else = good world view or you call yourself a communist ( lol ) . 
  must be something in potatoes that causes the irish to love bombs too then if that 's how it works now . 
  but wait , it does n't . 
  i 'm not against the club , i 'm just against the path we 're taking to get there . 
  people realistically talking about a `` united states of europe '' as being anywhere close to feasible at the moment worries me . 
  how can you take a look at the progress made since the good friday agreement and decide planting bombs again is probably a good idea . 
  what the fuck is wrong with these people . 
  nope . 
  intel has a fab in ireland , i do n't know of any other in europe . 
  i think the barrier to starting to manufacture their own parts is the huge cost involved in building a fab , and to keep retooling it each time a new process comes along . 
  i do n't know how they would keep their current business secure , while building what would basically end up being competition for qualcomm etc, 
  we will be bullied relentlessly on almost every issue , a united europe that does n't include the uk is an absolute disaster for the uk . 
  i do n't know how anyone could expect us to have any control over our own course caught in the bow wave of an increasingly powerful european superstate . 
  you should probably read your sources . 
  the new method is for the usa and is n't being used until spring/july 2014 . 
   the new way of calculating gdp that 's been adopted by western countries is said to increase the gdp by about 3 % . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  yes . 
  ahh i can see why that might be relevant in a thread discussing scotlands referendum and what might happen afterwards . 
  perhaps it 's you that 's stuck in the past ? 
  if i 'm blinded by nationalism as to what year it is , what 's your excuse ? 
  [ she already has the man she needs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pfp0djw.jpg ), 
  hide behind the uk ? 
  preposterous i am the shield that guards the realms of queen elizabeth ii me-laddo !, 
  it 's my official title . 
  we had a vote , which is progress because before the vote the position was handed out in a farcical aquatic ceremony where a moistened bint would choose the bearer of the title by handing him a sword . 
  it also helps me in situations like this , where someone without a jot of humour will pop up and take it seriously and start ranting about empire or ones persons opinion counting for the entire uk . 
  snp : independence , but we want to keep what the pound because the euro is n't popular and it damages our chances . 
  westminister : so we should put ourselves at risk ? 
  snp : yes or we wo n't pay our debts . 
  can you make an application without knowing how much we will need ? 
  the floods are still happening , it 's not as if the clean up has started and we still have n't looked at that source of funds . 
  not really considering the british empire was fighting in europe , the atlantic , the middle east and africa and china was fighting japan , germany was fighting russia which spans 2 continents before the usa even entered . 
  well at least this time round there is as least some potential of a glimmer of merit in his statement . 
  there are a few reports showing that the eu has had some effect on dredging operations . 
  anyway , the papers i found are [ here ] ( http://www.european-dredging.eu/pdf/eulawondredging.pdf ) and [ here ] ( http://www.thegreenblue.org.uk/pdf/z%201075.%20dredging%20inland%20waterways.pdf ) . 
  through a quick search i could n't find anything more neutral . 
  and i have n't bothered reading through much of either . 
  my initial thoughts are that while the eu does have a roll in dredging they 're probably being used as a scapegoat . 
  is it the gays or is it the eu ? 
  i do n't know who i should be tutting at . 
  the aerospace wing of rolls royce employs 16,000 people in the uk , most of the jobs are in derby . 
  2 of the top 3 comments are saying exactly that . 
  the situation has improved since i last looked at the thread though , and the content is a little more interesting . 
  itt : people claiming the uk is obsessed by empire and is irrelevant . 
  turn back now , there 's nothing of value here . 
  would n't want any countries with endemic corruption problems , and issues with freedom of speech in the eu , no sir . 
  yes it does my bad . 
  blame the bbc then i guess . 
  please do n't editorialise titles like this . 
  why are you so bitter ? 
  here 's a link to an actual news article [ link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/06/us-eu-usa-trade-idusbrea1519s20140206 ) please read what you submit . 
   hm is your point that the iraq war also had mostly positive consequences ? 
  god no , far from it . 
  but if we 're discussing the case for war , saddam had been far harsher on his own people than qadafi had been . 
  he had used chemical weapons on kurds during their failed rebellion , he had started a incredibly massive and destructive war with iran etc etc. 
  if no no flight zone had been set up over kurdish iraq , and they were not mostly acting in an independent manner and if they rose up against saddam then would our intervention be a good cause ? 
  if the lead up to the war in iraq moved away from wmds , and pushed entirely on the effort for humanitarian reasons would that be a good cause ? 
  if we found more than the handful of chemical weapons after the invasion , but the aftermath played out the same , would it be a good cause then ? 
  does it just come down to the level of intervention ? 
  bombing and special forces = ok , full invasion = not ok ? 
  i 'm not really sure you can split these two events into good and bad , even in hindsight the intervention in libya does n't look like we did too good of a job . 
  why was libya a good cause and iraq not ? 
  if it 's hiking you 're after then the peak district ( england ) , lake district ( england ) , snowdonia ( wales ) and loch lomond ( scotland ) there are plenty of set hiking trails in this area , and the [ right to roam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_to_roam ) gives you more options if you end to walk off the beaten track ( responsibly ! ), 
  i highly recommend the peak district , and the pennine way but i 'm biased as i live there . 
  take a look at the useful links at the bottom of [ this page ] ( http://www.peakdistrict.gov.uk/visiting/getactive/getactive-walking ) for some ideas . 
   i thought you might at least welcome it being put to ** sleep for another few decades .
