  what will help keep the peace if nato is ever disbanded would be the eu and very tight economic integration . 
  but nothing the eu has done would prevent a `` civil war '' within the eu and that 's why the eu needs to be built on a solid foundation . 
  a route we 're sadly not taking . 
  anyway up voted for accuracy , this the `` eu brought peace ! '', 
  stuff is bullshit . 
  hey , i think you should look at submitting to / r/soccer for this kind of content . 
  i 'm sure all 4500 of them will be upset . 
  you just have to go through his posting history to see what he 's removing . 
  he can be criticized , along with the mod team for helping to create the current situation but at least he 's grabbed a shovel after the fact to help clear the debris . 
  they 're all too busy enjoying their bunga bunga parties to watch stuff like this . 
  and we can both agree that 's belg * um . 
  it did n't really require the cultural strength of the usa to propagate the negative stereotypes . 
  everyone was more than willing to believe negative things about frenchmen based on their own experiences anyway . 
  and that revenge has left france with a global reputation for cowardice , poor hygiene and arrogance . 
  since the victors always write history , that pretty much confirms that we won . 
  israel is missing a dimension . 
   ca n't see how there could be any complaints about that -_-, 
  the deadly nocturnal badger . 
  will this meltdown ever end ? 
   [ ^ ^ ^ bonjour , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ delisted ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ thread ^ ^ ^ as ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ shit , ^ ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon. 
  i loved downfall too . 
  worst . 
  summer . 
  ever . 
  are you a nigerian prince ? 
   knows and hates us for being that annoying relative who demands more than they really should have . 
  we monopolised the two best bits of cyprus , it 's potential as a military base and it 's capacity to host drunk british people . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  i still belive there is a rational majority on reddit . 
  there 's no better time to start the cull than right now . 
  reddit should make users from undesirable subreddits with a little mark next to their name , new users by default would automatically downvote these users on sight . 
  comment threshold for these users would be -1 . 
  and then it would dissapear entirely . 
  would n't it be great , i think information should then be passed on to government agency so these users can be tagged and sterlised . 
  the majority should force them out and then keep them contained . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  no , we 're both shit posting , achieving nothing . 
  at least we 're in a thread that welcomes and invites shit posting . 
  now if people i want banned or contained were banned or contained this thread and all the 200 odd shit posts inside would n't exist . 
  what a world we could live in, 
  im glad it was n't lost on you . 
  lol, 
  yes it 's censorship on reddit . 
  they can build their own reddit clone . 
  there 's not a limited amount of space . 
  i 'm not asking for them to go and build their own country somewhere . 
  i 'm just asking that people who have nothing to contribute to society and civilization are kept to their own shitty little corners of the internet . 
  they are shit flinging monkeys , as are those who post in / r/european like you , 
  it wo n't be censored though , there will always be a stormfront / 4chan etc. 
  there 's no dangerous road , this is reddit . 
  it 's not srs bsns . 
  it does n't matter that it 's popular . 
  libertarianism is something most people grow out of , and until they grow out of it they can find another website or be locked away in a deep corner of reddit and thus save the rest of us from their stupidity . 
  as for individual subreddits , there are probably 100 's that deserve to be banned or locked into their own backwards corner of reddit . 
  i ca n't be expected to list them all . 
  of course coontown should be banned , there are plenty of places on the internet they can meet and share their stupidity with each other . 
  shitredditsays should be gone too for it 's refusal to use np links , i 've no problems with it 's content . 
  this is n't a question of free speech , it 's a question of attracting idiots , who very rarely stick to their own subreddits . 
  i 'd ban / r/conspiracy / r/libertarian / r/mensrights / r/kotakuinaction / r/redpill / r/anarcho _ capitalism etc ( everyone knows the type ) , or at least make it so that subscribers to those subreddits were prevented from interacting with anyone outside their little circle of insanity and the subreddits that exist for the opposite of each of them . 
  reddit would be a better place . 
  they should throw shit at each other all day long , and rational , sensible intelligent people could visit reddit and not be caught in the crossfire from these shit flinging monkeys . 
   / r/coontown [ 1 ] did n't break the rules , so reddit changed the rules to ban them . 
  let that sink for a sec . 
  are you suggesting this is a bad thing ? 
  plenty of brits on that list , i guess we are safe . 
  the united states will ensure the safety of jessie j and mark ronson !, 
  the megathread is working perfectly , we should keep the current one until it gets large enough to start causing reddit issues . 
  there 's no reason you ca n't all hold your daft party in / r/euromigration and save us a sticky . 
  the immigration thread has worked well , it has contained much of the bollocks . 
  lol, 
  corbyn is a idiot , its sad that labour 's only candidate with a personality and a set of beliefs is such a monumental cock . 
  the world does n't disappear when you bury your head . 
   i also think the `` french-bashing '' that we go in for is entirely tongue-in-cheek , though we know you are a tiny bit annoyed by it ( even though you do n't admit it ) and this makes us do it more ... definitely , the french react to it in a way that perhaps only the british can match . 
  you 're not big enough , hard enough or scary enough to subjugate your neighbours . 
  the trick is to give them the impression that they 're free , then they will vote for subjugation when given the chance ), 
  has much to do with the looming threat of war with the ussr than the eu and it 's precursors . 
  the usa guaranteed peace in europe , hopefully the eu will secure it going forward . 
  the nissan plant in sunderland produces more cars than the entirety of italy in a year . 
  which is a weird thought , cars are among the first things i 'd list when thinking about italy . 
  that would even worse than what we have , or even having an elected house of lords in my opinion . 
  at least if the house of lords blocks a bill it opens it up to further scrutiny from everyone even if can be pushed through . 
  i 'd rather keep the house of lords as is , until we can come up with something better that does n't involve adding 600 more party politicians to the mix . 
  this has been going on a while , and the more attention it gets the more likely we are to either confirm it works and discover how , or shelve it once we find out the reason thrust appears to be created is due to some more mundane physics . 
  it 's all very exciting , but there 's still plenty of expensive and time consuming science to be done before and after we strap it to a rocket . 
  it 's compulsive . 
  lol . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  the british border does n't start at the point where french strikers start blocking roads , where french farmers start attacking british trucks or where immigrants france is responsible for policing happen to be at any given time . 
  maybe we could get the un involved , they have had roles in securing failed states before . 
  no you 're policing france . 
  we do n't own calais , we do n't want calais . 
  so calais is english clay ? 
  did this happen when chris froome rode into paris ? 
  it 's a good idea , this has been going on long enough to demonstrate the french government are not capable of administrating their own territory , we can do it for them . 
  the tunnel is too important to let strikes and immigrants to grind it to a halt . 
  in your defence stieg larrson is a very english name . 
  they got given it by the pope , does n't count . 
   are you saying a whole country just simply can not stop itself from pissing and puking and fighting everywhere if you put a bottle of beer in their hands ? 
  yes , we have a problem to put it mildly . 
   are you saying that basically we need to stop accepting british tourists ?
