  harder to see someone in a positive light if all you hear from them is bad news . 
  it certainly does n't help when you 're deeply involved in a religious schism that 's lasted over a millennia either . 
  nonsensical ravings from a weak minded man who is long overdue a rest in his plot in a graveyard . 
  the vast majority of the people were isolated , but the state was n't . 
  well i do n't think it 's changed opinions outside the eurozone , and within the eurozone i do n't think germany is hated by even a large minority . 
  that 's an rts , but yes it 's a brilliant game . 
  brothers in arms hells highway i think . 
  but i want a 2nd war of spanish succession :(, 
  news just in : peasant from a country that has achieved nothing , and is only famous for it 's exports of gypsies , and need for blue peter appeals wants the uk out !, 
  ahh i see , we 're only letting nationality bashing flow one way ? 
  things london has got rid of : bad food \u2611 worse weather \u2611 mary fuckin ' poppins . 
  damn muslims , they ruined eurabia, 
  did you resurrect an old racist troll account just to post this waffe ? 
  let the nutters have their moment , it wo n't matter in the long term if the eu comes out of it in better shape . 
  good night for europe . 
  the kick in the arse it needs . 
  edit : obviously not a lot of desire for reform in here , colour me shocked . 
  i believe [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/zgznbfz ) might help explain it, 
  i learnt portuguese explorers when i was in junior school , it did n't go into much depth because there 's a limit on what a 10 year old might appreciate . 
  there thousands of years of history , and only maybe 2 years of compulsory history education where kids might be expected to learn about things more in depth . 
  lol italy . 
  but often , and with a shake of the fist . 
  it 's a fucking british right to give johnny foreigner what for on his own home turf [ . 
  it 's not a separate entity , just part of the kingdom of denmark . 
  `` her majesty elizabeth the second , by the grace of god , of the united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland , canada , australia , jamaica , barbados , the bahamas , grenada , papua new guinea , solomon islands , tuvalu , saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines , belize , antigua and barbuda and saint christopher and nevis , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith . '', 
  vs his majesty harald v king of norway his majesty carl xvi gustaf the king of sweden her majesty margrethe ii queen of denmark . 
  and as for true north , canada covers more than your tiny realms . 
  the queen in the north !, 
  it 's excellent , discontent breeds reformation . 
  the scots would conquer and rule you , you would n't stand a chance . 
  it would n't be a union of equals , it would be a union under the scottish thistle . 
  it was n't mastery of the seas that brought great britain it 's empire , it was mastery of the scots . 
  implying the nordic union could stop us  and given that the only people who know the recipe for irn bru are english you lack the tools needed to bend the scottish menace to your will . 
   we 'll let your bankers run all of their risky business over here and when they fook up , you get to blame it on us ? 
  :d as long as you bail them out   history going back at least 6000 years , almost always a colony of a bigger power . . 
  the british give us our independence in 1960 , 14 years later we split out country in 2 parts , and a few years later we are bankrupt :d `` that , my friend , is the history of cyprus '' , he said to him hehehe . 
  give it another few decades and you 'll get your shit together , asuming turkey and greece get their shit together . 
  we already have all the cypriot clay we require , you 're going to have to sweeten the deal . 
  we already plundered the best bits . 
  declare the national archaeological museum british clay , and transfer ownership of the artefacts to the british people for-evermore and you have yourself a deal . 
  hopefully . 
  can you please stick to / r/worldnews ? 
  just be glad he 's not placing a gypsy curse on you , or for that matter moving next door . 
  voting conservative after work today . 
  neither . 
  / r/worldnews is leaking . 
  inequality between member states . 
  the simple solution is to remove the poorer states without a record of good management and allow them to partake in the single market in the same way norway does . 
  little say , some benefits and you do n't lower the quality of leadership for everyone else . 
  i 'm not even german but given the context of the discussion my mind went straight to national socialism . 
  close one . 
  is of austrian clay . 
  i do n't think french tin tin would have sold : tin tin , rastapopoulos has planted a bomb on captain haddoks ship !, 
  but i am le tierd . 
  fin, 
  sorry they '' re export products only . 
  you can watch * eastenders * coronation street * hollyoaks * emmerdale * ant and dec 's x * jeremy kyle you can pick any 2 to watch each day , but you ca n't pick the same 2 consecutive days in a row . 
  you 're too loud . 
  i love you , but i could n't live with you . 
  4.5 years of coal ? 
  i thought we had coal coming out of our arses , surely this is just the coal left in whatever mines are still profitable here . 
  i wish we could have a old style wedding where prince harry marries royalty from the continent . 
  imagine the sort of joint party we could have . 
  ( as long as it 's not with b * lgium . ), 
  i 'm afraid we 're not able to accommodate any puritans at the present time . 
  there is , how do i say it , '' [ no more room in the inn '' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/b8oe3vk.jpg ), 
  i do n't think ireland can grow enough potatoes to feed it 's returning `` sons and daughters '' . 
  i ca n't find anything in the article saying any of this is actually going through our courts . 
  if it ends up in the icj , it can basically just be ignored . 
  the complaint arrives , the british government replies with a polite no/go away , and a reminder that slavery in the british empire ended almost 200 years ago and no person should be required to pay for the crimes committed by their ancestors . 
  seeing as the international court of justice can be ignored entirely , that 's irrelevant . 
  god how much money is this going to waste , just tell them no . 
  yes ok , but i was asking for examples , not a rewording of the bollocks our esteemed mod posted . 
   acting like a petulant child is not nothing . 
  examples please . 
  oh no , we just know that the italians could n't handle the scottish peoples ancestors 1900 years ago . 
  i do n't think they could build a wall to keep them out with the schengen agreement and they do n't produce the irn bru necessary to keep them docile . 
  any release will prompt a retaliation by releasing the scottish menace on italy . 
  there is a difference . 
  but would it matter if the bombs are dropping on poland or east germany ? 
  not in russia and certainly not in industrial centres which had already been moved to the urals during the war . 
   no power projection . 
  how would they have delivered the bomb anywhere beyond the front-line ? 
  the front line are the countries we 're talking about , east germany , poland etc etc. 
  it 's not as if the western allies had the ability to fly bombers into the heart of russia , skipping over these nations either if we 're talking about immediately post war . 
  or even in 1949 when the ussr has it 's own bombs and would be dropping them on it 's `` buffer states '' to halt an allied advance . 
   i do n't really know what to say to this ? 
  well we 're talking about freeing people from dictatorships . 
  what 's the point in bombing north korea / china in order to place the entirety of korea under a different dictatorship . 
  it does n't make sense to turn this into a hypothetical scenario when we 're already dealing with one regarding eastern europe . 
  it would n't have taken a single bomb to force the ussr to surrender . 
  they lost 27 million fighting the germans . 
  27 million people and they did n't surrender . 
  and what happens after 1949 , when they have the bomb too ? 
  korea does n't make sense as an example , they both ended up as dictatorships . 
  and one nuke might have turned the cold war hot . 
   nuclear bombings are better than dictatorship lol . 
  there 's no point on answering him like that . 
  regardless of what 's going on now russians suffered during world war 2 , adding the misery of allied nuclear bombings would n't only bring misery to the russians but the millions of people who once again find their homes in a battleground between two ideologies . 
  i do n't think enlargement will help the eu tackle problems with corruption and bringing down the economic gap between the member nations .
