  is something being lost in translation , help :d, 
  you ca n't just open all the ports to everyone and not enforce any kind of border control . 
  the only land border we have ( with the republic of ireland ) is open . 
  the border control in force at the channel tunnel could be criticised but from the point of view of the british government border controls were needed to stop the overwhelming amounts of people arriving in the uk to take advantage of our lax asylum laws ( see sangatte refuge camp in france ) . 
  i think this issue is separate from the idea that the uk is `` sabotaging '' europe . 
   there might also be some differences in the context here ; i 'm not talking of `` european army solely '' but similarly structure to nato but without america . 
  ahh yes , nato without the usa where europe would be content to sit on it 's hands while genocide occurred on it 's soil , again . 
  ( see the breakup of the yugoslavia . ), 
  so basically that part of your argument is that britain is n't working with europe because it wants to work with the usa as well . 
  for the iraq war , it was britain 's mistake not to be sat on the right side of the balancing scales when it came to taking action there , but i 'm not sure if you could attribute that as a cause of britain 's unwillingness to cooperate with europe or a symptom or something entirely different altogether . 
   well , most of these things would have been talked about before anything had been agreed upon . 
  they were public , but it 's hard to remember afterwards what was planned vs. what actually happened . 
  one particularly instance that comes to mind is the schengen agreement , which everybody joined but britain and ireland ( who was put to the unenviable situation of choosing open borders with either britain or with the rest of eu , and decided to go with the one country they shared a land border with ) . 
  the uk sits on an island , open borders are not feasible . 
   you also opposed the european army when the idea last floated in the late 90s , saying that we should ~ ~ rely on america instead ~ ~ work within nato 's framework . 
  french troops do n't want to fight for british dependencies , and the british do n't want to fight for french dependencies . 
  it 's a massive issue building a strong european army while allowing each nations forces to act independently to defend overseas territory . 
  it just wo n't work . 
  the uk 's massive contribution to nato highlights our commitment to european defence . 
  agreed , but some arguments make more sense than others . 
  and i 'm saying that as someone who believes the uk could do more within europe and would find it in it 's interests to do so . 
  i do n't think there 's enough will on our side of the channel , or on the european side for that to happen now . 
  i blame one french man partially !, 
  that 's showing an awful amount of restraint for an englishman . 
  well some statistics here : [ link ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php?title=file:agricultural_output_and_gross_value_added_at_producer_prices,_2005-2010_%28eur_million%29.png&amp;filetimestamp=20120328085725 ) show that poland output more crops in 2010 , but less animal produce in 2010 . 
  the uk 's agriculture is efficient by european standards though , i suspect poland will easily over take us if they embrace mechanization of the processes . 
  de gaulle is getting his wish , a europe free of anglo-american influence . 
  he laid the trap and the uk is walking in to it . 
  you 're making the uk a scapegoat for the eu 's problems . 
   many good ideas for standardisation have had to be watered down or even abandoned due to british opposition . 
  can you name a few ? 
   frankly i do n't get why they joined a club they hated in the first place . 
  an economic club meant to increase prosperity for all , now a club heading towards union . 
  same old silly arguments over and over again . 
  i 've never heard anyone in their 70 's say that . 
  usually they just complain that life was hard , or that they never knew their parents , or the fact that we had rationing until 1954 just because a few jumped up toss pots wanted to conquer europe , all valid complaints . 
  it 's all very well and good saying we won the war , but we fucking did n't we 'd been fighting total war for 6 years and affected everyone , crippled our economy and changed the uk forever . 
  it was funny though :d ( the video not the war ) ( obviously ), 
  no they do n't but they trust europe even less . 
  which is why the phrasing of the question matters . 
  no not really , it just does n't seem to reflect the opinions of people in pubs if you understand what i mean . 
  i cant seem to find the graph with some context on the website either . 
  i found the report for this year in pdf format which is interesting on it 's own though [ link ] ( http://trends.gmfus.org/files/2012/09/tt-2012-key-findings-report.pdf ), 
  how was the question phrased ? 
  if it was how the question is presented on the graph , many british would default to the position that the eu does n't include the uk and would respond accordingly . 
  voltaire was one such thinker , but i think you would find it easier to say that you brought the ideas of the enlightenment across the atlantic and put them into action . 
  ideas from the entirety of europe , including great britain . 
  * edited to say britain rather than england . 
  european charter of fundemental rights , read it . 
  `` everyone has the right to freedom of expression . 
  this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . 
  the freedom and pluralism of the media shall be respected . '', 
  just because we do n't listen to mythical heroes from 250 years ago does n't mean we do n't enjoy rights . 
  now if you would kindly fuck off . 
  if salman rushdie was dead , he 'd be spinning in his grave . 
  i feel for holland , but if he was n't willing to stand by his show then it should never have been broadcast . 
  it 's in our favour to build up those countries so we have new extremely friendly markets to sell our goods and services to . 
  the best part of the eu in my opinion . 
  yeah that 's my worry too . 
  you make it sound like you want to inflict your bad politicians on the rest of us , and we have enough of our own . 
  portugal is a young democracy , if you want to be successful you have to fight for it . 
  that does n't matter as that case involves sweden . 
  the scottish might not want to even make a loose promise to join the euro it all comes down to what the scottish people want and how the scottish parliament act . 
  it 's a requirement for new member states to join the euro when the qualify for membership . 
  if scotland want an opt out like the uk and denmark then they will have to work for it , it 's hardly going to be a formality . 
  txampion ? 
  as a new applicant would n't they have to agree to adopt the euro ? 
  why do you think women are not having children ? 
  it 's because they 're working , it 's because they have careers . 
  `` encouraging '' women to stay at home would be regressive . 
  i can see from your comment history that you 're a moron and spending time talking to you is worthless . 
  i point to this comment . 
   all whites should get the fuck out of south africa ( and all of africa ) immediately , and by that i mean it 's in their best interest to leave , they should n't be forced . 
  south africa was the only nation in sub-saharan africa that was ever a remotely decent place to live , and that 's because of the extensive white colonialism . 
  the whites should leave and let the savages turn it into another zimbabwe with its ' 100 trillion dollar bills . 
  another below average intelligence racist who would stoop so low as to chain women to the kitchen so he does n't have to deal with living next door to a `` savage '' . 
  a racist who enjoys posting stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/niggers/comments/vzu0t/false_nigger_propaganda/c595bgt ) to / r/niggers . 
  what is it with you moronic racist fucks posting to this subreddit ? 
  and what is with the fucking support these people are getting here lately . 
  i suspect the continent would be better off if you worked some of that institutionalised inbreeding out of your family you xenophobic prick . 
  it 's not a requirement . 
  it 's just what 's naturally going to happen , it already is . 
  and i 'm not going to debate the merits of nationalised health care . 
  i think it 's popular here in the eu . 
  at the moment eu expansion means that many eastern europeans are arriving on our shores . 
  but economic problems and the growth of their native economy 's means that many are heading back home so they 're not going to be able to fuel our workforce indefinitely . 
  because we need new workers to support an aging population . 
  africa and the middle east are going to be the places providing these immigrants due to geographical location . 
  the native population in at least the uk are not reproducing fast enough to provide for older people . 
  if we want to keep nationalised health services then there need to be people around to pay for it . 
  what 's the defining character trait or environmental conditions that allows some muslims to `` westernise '' and for others to be completely beyond salvation ? 
  this continent is going to want these immigrants , we need them so just shutting the door to muslim immigrants is n't acceptable . 
  what we need to do is figure out how to do it properly . 
  i do n't accept that muslims ca n't come to appreciate how we do things here in the west . 
  the problem is n't that they 're muslim , the problem is they 're not westernised . 
  everyday on our continent christians manage to go through life ignoring the more violent parts of the bible . 
  the best way to get these people is to give them hope , the idea of a `` european dream '' should be in their minds when they come here . 
  and that 's where we 're failing we 're not selling ourselves as a place to make a better life we 're selling ourselves as a place where it 's safe to fail . 
  he 's this subreddits pet troll dont worry about him . 
  a country with a smaller population than the capital of the other have contrasting economies , what a shocker .
