   but to use that term is incorrect and you would be very stupid to do so if you ever went over there and did n't know who you were talking to . 
  we partly agree on this , the term is n't incorrect ( as stated above and in a seperate reply where someone else has already explained this to you ) but you would n't label someone as british or irish in a situation where it 's unknown if you will cause offense . 
  if you do n't want rude replies to you comments please refrain from posting things that are incorrect and quite frankly stupid . 
  you 're mixing personal preference with reality and doing it in a pompous manner which is even more infuriating due to the content of your comments . 
  now would you kindly fuck off , thank you . 
   `` it works both ways '' and `` lol '' ? 
  you 're response shows that not only do you not only have n't a clue you 're also very immature . 
  nonsense post , nonsense response . 
   i 've spent a lot of time in northern ireland and a lot of my family live there . 
  i was merely attempting to politely explain why your assumption that automatically calling people from northern ireland british was incorrect . 
  never assumed this , in fact i stated the exact opposite . 
  ( which is what started this ) when you stated that the people in northern ireland were not british . 
  specifically this statement :  watch how you word things though as saying for instance that you lean more towards british than scottish would annoy people in the uk from northern ireland as although they are part of the uk they are n't british . 
  see ? 
  and that 's why i said you should n't label the entirety of the population of northern ireland as either unionist or republican because there 's a divided community . 
   my suggestion though would be to go and read some books and make sure you actually know what you are talking about in future before you correct someone else . 
  if anyone here needs to work on their reading comprehension it 's you . 
  it seems like we basically agree here but instead of turning around and saying you could have worded something better you just blurted out a stream of nonsense . 
  right , so do n't suggest people from n.ireland are not british . 
  it works both ways . 
   so unless you know if they are okay with being called british if you 're ever speaking to someone from northern ireland you should refer to them as a uk citizen . 
  lol . 
   watch how you word things though as saying for instance that you lean more towards british than scottish would annoy people in the uk from northern ireland as although they are part of the uk they are n't british . 
  oh wow , the ignorance and stupidity here there 's riots in northern ireland right now , over a slice of populations desire to remain british and keep the british flag flying over a town hall . 
  blanket statements regarding the desires of the people of northern ireland should n't be attempted . 
  why would it be on here ? 
  what a terrible post . 
  if you want to talk about it , talk about it . 
  this post basically comes down to `` i hate the monarchy '' . 
  fortunately there 's some ok discussion going on , but the op is n't taking part . 
  ( op is a moron ), 
   the main argument is that westminster is outdated and no longer necessary for the governing of scotland and also that scotland would perform better with powers brought closer to home . 
  but most of those that argue for this base it upon scotland being within the eu so that the risks of being a small nation state are mitigated by being part of a large , flexible union . 
  this is very much part of the snp 's proposals for an independent scotland . 
  i had taken you point a bit `` over the top '' there i think , i thought you meant as in joining in a relationship with europe like you share with the rest of the uk now . 
  rather than more independence and taking control of you own affairs and just using the eu as a cushion , that makes more sense to me . 
   i would go so far as to say that the reason the independence debate is happening is at all is because of the relative peace across europe and the eu massively simplifying relations with our closest neighbours . 
  the old fashioned nation state , largely an accident of wars and aristocratic marriage , is becoming increasingly defunct . 
  this trend is mirrored across europe by the numerous separatist groups that have made the news recently , most of which are pro eu . 
  i think this is part of the situation too , parties like the snp and other independence movements can grow during peaceful times but it takes something to really push the movement to its goals like the current economical crisis . 
  i do n't think many people would really consider such a big change if they were comfortable with the way things are . 
  though the snp did rise in popularity during some pretty good economical times . 
  i 'd be curious to hear in your opinion what purpose westminster ( as a governing body ) serves in scotland now . 
  i 'm not really sure what debating scottish independence will really benefit here, 
  that 's not what i have been reading in the media , the main arguments are largely economical and social and some changes regarding foreign policy and defence . 
  i 've not read anything that comes close to saying that the eu replaces the need for the uk . 
  the eu is no condition , nor will it be for decades to replace the united kingdom . 
   i want britain in the eu . 
  it 's for the benefit of everyone involved . 
  in my opinion most brits know that they would benefit from it but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate . 
  this just is n't the case . 
  british people want self determination . 
  our links with europe are not strong culturally enough to feel ok about a belgian/german/frenchman having a say about how we live our lives . 
  in parts of the uk they 're having pretty much the same discussion as scotland decide if they have enough in common economically and politically to mind having english , welsh or irish people decide how things might be in scotland . 
  these are a collection of nations who together built the modern western world and even they are not sure about it . 
  secondly there 's a history of this nation being at risk , but never quite succumbing to the great european powers ( france , spain and later germany ) . 
  a siege mentality can have an effect on a culture a deep sense of independence and doing things our own way . 
  thirdly is the impression the eu gives as an institution and how it 's represented here in the uk . 
  the eu has the kind of issues most western governments have ( waste , inefficiency , `` light '' corruption ) we already have politicians in power and in opposition here who are all deeply unpopular , and having another superfluous lot in brussels just does n't make sense . 
  especially as they have proved themselves unable to tackle issues and lastly , culture . 
  people on the continent seem to recognise that they 're similar to each other and even the british . 
  the wide spread acceptance of british/american culture and language has meant the opportunity to see how life is much the same in each nation and whatever differences that are evident they are small . 
  the uk is n't consuming european culture at a large scale , or if they are they do n't understand that they are so there is n't the benifit of those lessons for the british . 
  ( this last one is sketchy , and based on nothing but my own meandering thought process bathed in what 's likely to be my own ignorance so feel free to chime in ), 
  where i live in the peak district we got 1080.47 sun hours and 62 inches of rain last year ( compared to 1237.72 hours and 42.56 inches in 2011 ) . 
  what a terrible fucking year i fully expect to see a cult develop around worship of the sun if we get a summer this year . 
  with the french , it 's a cultural thing . 
  it 's not really `` hate `` it just taking the piss out of them , and a sense of rivalry born of perceived french slights since the dawn of time . 
  there 's a tendancy to look down on the french way of life and their politics germans ? 
  a small sense of rivalry but much more respectful . 
  a sense that germany plays by the same rules we do and that makes them easy to like . 
  world war one had many here in `` high society '' questioning if we were on the right side . 
  world war ii was inevitable , and a really unique case . 
  tl ; dr you might here a brit should `` two world wars one world cup ! '', 
  but we would shout similar ribbings at aussies given the chance . 
  ironically , he may have pretty much set the uk 's path when he vetoed the uk 's entry into the ecc twice . 
  unity , but on france 's terms . 
  as it 's always been . 
  oh woe is fucking me , what a victim you are !, 
  pay your debts is bullshit that txampion used to post in every eurozone crisis thread . 
  it 's a nonsense reply that i used to reply to your nonsense.it 's not a serious reflection on your situation or greece 's it 's a bullshit mini meem from this subreddit . 
   greece has more purchasing power than many of those countries that are currently giving money away to help greece . 
  legitimate comment  u mad ? 
  shitpost this is not a difficult concept , even for an anarchist/srs contributor . 
  why would anyone reply to your bullshit when the most insightful contribution you have made here is `` u mad ? '', 
  you behaved like a moron , so you were treated like one . 
  and do n't presume that you represent your entire country , plenty of greek people have been able to contribute here . 
  when you do n't act like a tosser , you wo n't be treated like one . 
  coming from someone who used `` u mad ? '', 
  a few posts up i think i 'll ignore that suggestion . 
  check your debt privilege . 
   good thing the uk did n't join the euro and avoided the crisis . 
  sigh . 
  is it even worth explaining why this `` mocking '' statement does n't really work ? 
  pay your debts . 
  i tend to look at it from this angle . 
  the us impossed the peace on europe with the marshall plan and nato / warsaw pact rivalry . 
  i would n't like to imagine just how long we would have lasted at peace without the ussr breathing down our necks . 
  i guess the threat of total distruction and the press of a button will make nations team together to protect against a larger and stronger opponent . 
  the ecsc/eu played it 's role but without the background of the cold war i doubt it would have taken off as it has .
