  not really going to address your beliefs that the queen is a despot . 
  if you appreciate democracy criticism of undemocratic actions and institutions within the eu should be something you accept and understand . 
  eurosceptics should not frowned upon for pointing it out , and `` look to your own government '' is not a valid defence of eu procedure/policy . 
  the european court of auditors have failed to sign off on eu budgets for 17 years running . 
  no more money to the eu until it can demonstrate that funds are not slipping into black holes each year . 
  i personally love the fact that after this the the european court of auditors gave the accounts a clean bill of health and says that they correctly reflect how the eu budget is spent . 
  despite 2-5 % of the budget of 142 billion not being accounted for . 
  laughable . 
  and a citizen of a country that 's been remarkably stable for 300 years . 
  you can criticise european democracy and call for reform for the house of lords / parliament / elections at the same time , they 're not mutually exclusive or contradictory . 
  coming from a country that has only spent 40 years as a democracy i 'd think you would have more respect for it . 
  please highlight the part of that comment is meant to be an insult . 
  edit : to clarify , pointing out someone does n't comprehend english well enough to have a discussion like this is not an insult . 
  i should n't be required to constantly correct his misunderstandings . 
  it 's up to him to learn english , or communicate in his native language . 
  just wasting everyone 's time otherwise . 
  just frustrates both parties and the conversation goes nowhere . 
   lack of trust between north and south ? 
  you are know generalising me with a compass point ? 
   read again , neither did i you did . 
  you went to great lengths to empathise that i was tagging you in a crude attempt to try and turn my own words against me , an attempt that failed because you do n't understand what i am typing . 
  i 'm going to be incredibly rude and suggest that you work on your english more before delving into politics . 
  it 's subjective , and it 's a waste of time spending 80 % of any discussion sorting out misunderstandings or phrases lost in translation . 
   what is the difference ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with not knowing something , there 's an immeasurable amount of things i do n't understand or know . 
  stupidity is a condition that prevents you from understanding things , and ignorance is the absence of the will to learn . 
  i did n't use any of those words . 
   the attempt to seperate law into different things to suit your need is a twisting of reality to make you seem right well the fact that they 're two separate systems , everything i posted was entirely accurate . 
   i ca n't see how that suddenly makes you incapable of more integration and cooperation with the european union . 
  never suggested . 
   lack of trust between north and south ? 
  you are know generalising me with a compass point ? 
  i am sorry , but before slamming the orientation of the people on this subreddit and on the planet with the same tag , then at least come into a conversation with a basic understanding of what is being discussed . 
  please work on your reading comprehension . 
  i ca n't see anywhere where i made any reference to your location on the map . 
   that last paragraph of course is a / s. 
  when i go into a discussion , i do n't need to talk down the mind or `` understanding '' of the person i am arguing/discussing with . 
  i can hold myself without the need of insults on the opponent and clearly showing my own opinion , rather than my opinion and views are better than yours . 
  this paragraph might be a little hypocritical , but it certainly needs to be pointed out . 
  i never insulted you . 
  i did n't say you were incapable of understanding , i said you did n't understand . 
   every single brit thinks , that the situation in their country mirrors what happens on the continent . 
  boring generalisation , plenty of british people in this subreddit supporting the eu . 
  funnily enough you bring up the schengen treaty . 
  [ schengen 1 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/8468981/france-threatens-to-suspend-schengen-treaty.html ) [ schengen 2 ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20110422-france-considers-temporary-border-controls-option-suspension-visa-free-schengen ) [ schengen 3 ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/1844061-france-and-germany-push-suspend-free-movement ) [ schengen 4 ] ( http://www.paneuropeannetworks.com/detail/news/member-states-call-for-greek-schengen-suspension.html ) then of course there 's the restrictions placed on new eu members . 
  see also the lack of trust between the northern eurozone members and the southern members brought to light during the `` crisis '' also seen in this subreddit with the constant accusations of british sabotage of the `` grand european project ''  then , you forget that you are in the eu . 
  that means you have to oblige eu law , and there is a lot of eu law . 
  so you saying `` you share law with anglosphere because you speak english but you do n't share the same exact laws or even more laws is just far away from reality '' . 
  please see the differences between common law and civil law . 
  and the laws and traditions inherited by former british colonies . 
  so before stamping me with the eurosceptic tag , slamming the british people in this subreddit and on the planet with the same tag at least come into the conversation with a basic understanding of what is being discussed . 
  i notice being bilingual has n't helped your communication skills , 
  the queen is head of state for canada/uk/australia / new zealand , there 's a body of power for you !, 
  ( sorry for being facetious ) there 's more consensus on foreign policy between the anglosphere then there is amongst the eu . 
  the anglosphere nations all speak english as their primary language , and there 's a common inheritance of laws in those nations . 
  europe is a hodgepodge of nations that have n't come close to trusting each other yet . 
  did you really come in here a month after the thread died out to start picking an argument with me , and then bring nothing to the argument but sarcasm ? 
  go away, 
  maths is useful in plenty of applications , in physics , programming , engineering so it 's not really following the same logic . 
  you 're about a month late to the show by the way . 
  you mean like [ these ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/7045354/more-than-50-eu-embassies-open-across-the-world.html ) ? 
  joint embassies for the anglosphere make much more sense than joint eu ones do ( for the moment ), 
  you 're boring . 
  i miss txampion, 
  disappointing , they 've been elected to represent their constituents , none participation is n't representation . 
  and i think the foundation of the eu will be a lot more shaky without british temperance . 
  i 'd rather be in the eu , but i would want my government to make sure that it was done properly , that it was absolutely rock solid . 
  leaving a political union can get messy . 
  you should n't build your castle on the beach just because it was taking too long to find a hill . 
   this infrastructure is largely dependant on american goodwill . 
  if the situation with iraq would have been reversed ( eu for and usa against ) , there would have been no war as the nato forces are dependant on the usa backbone and infrastructure . 
  the command structure is n't dependant on the usa , and that 's the hardest issue to solve . 
  ammunition and equipment is standardised ( funnily enough british tanks do n't fire the same ammunition as the rest of nato 's equipment ) , and nations have a history of working together through command . 
  for military hardware pan european projects have existed within the aerospace industry ( think eurofighter and before that the panavia tornado ) . 
  what it basically comes down to is equipment , if we want to act as the eu without the usa 's involvement then there needs to be a huge investment in military by each of the nations . 
  and every nation in europe has to take part that includes sweden , finland , austria . 
  it 's not the role of the uk/france/germany / holland to defend all 750 million inhabitants of the eu or defend their interests . 
  so the jist of my point is that europe would easily be able to act on its own if it were to just spend more money on defence . 
  mentioned that in a post somewhere else , possibly in a comment below . 
  land borders and sea borders are different . 
  but the conversation has developed more below if you would like to read on :d, 
  there 's always going to be a demand for cheaper food , if food prices are rising why are there limits on how much can be produced . 
  seems a bit silly to me . 
   in this case , the important thing to learn from yugoslavia was not that `` usa is always there '' because they are not , but that `` we should really try to do more ourselves '' . 
  which we have not . 
  yes i agree totally . 
  but i do n't think that there needs to be a nato type alliance solely consisting of european nations , there is already infrastructure available to allow europe to act alone , a lot of it comes from the nato infrastructure that allows it 's members to cooperate militarily . 
  the european defence agency exists and there 's common security and defence policy within europe that includes none member nations . 
  in 2010 the the defence and security co-operation treaty was signed between britain and france to '' develop co-operation between british and french armed forces , the sharing and pooling of materials and equipment including through mutual interdependence , the building of joint facilities , mutual access to each other 's defence markets , and industrial and technological co-operation . '', 
  if there 's one area of european integration britain is n't shying away from it 's a sensible approach to defence . 
  i see what you mean . 
  the schlegen agreement has problems i 'd be all for joining up , but no government is going to sign us up while there are still big issues regarding immigration . 
  spain , france , denmark and italy have all suspended it and argued about it when its comes to immigrants . 
  the laws here in the uk are not good enough to accommodate admission to the area . 
  makes me wonder if the uk 's position on the schengen area might be re-evaluated at some point . 
  i ca n't seem to find any information as to why the uk opted out . 
  we 're talking about a lack of border control . 
  you critised the uk for not being part of the schengen area , i 've explained that it does n't make any sense for the uk to be part of it . 
  with an exception of the channel tunnel border , where it gets messy . 
  i 'm not really sure where the difficulty of enforcing border control comes into it .
