  as for newsnight , i 'm not sure if you 're british but i do n't think paxman has ever been professional in the way he approaches interviews , but to be fair he 's made nigel farage look like a tit too . 
   well , i 'd say that nick robinson has long been stretching the meaning of the word `` impartial '' ... is that you alistair campbell ? 
  oh not at all !, 
  the printed press is , it does n't stretch far outside it because they have to compete with the bbc 's impartiality . 
  ( at a guess ? ), 
  we do n't have an equivalent to the usa 's fox news or msnbc . 
   also greek military is absolutely second to none in europe , what are you basing this off , considering greece has n't done much with it 's army in at least 30 years . 
  it was my hope that the european union act 2011 would allow us to separate the integration arguments away from the economical aspects of the eu . 
  it does n't seem to have come to pass , and when discussing the eu the two never seperated , it 's a shame really . 
  you 'll have to pry father ted from my crooked yellowing teeth paddy !, 
  it 's as english as chicken tikka massala . 
  he does n't even have a monopoly in the printed press . . 3 papers : the sun the times sunday times he just owns the most popular newspaper ( the sun ) . 
  his papers do n't make up the majority of the circulation , but do account for a large percentage of all papers circulated in the uk . 
  he does own bskyb , but has to compete with everyone else , the sky channels are dwarfed in their ability to reach the british population by the bbc , itv and channel 4 . 
  his papers audience are declining , with the sun losing a million readers ( almost a third of it 's circulation ) since 2003 . 
  and the times has dropped by almost half . 
  the second most popular is the daily mail , which is even trashier , even more anti-eu but not owned by murdoch . 
  we 're not giving up graham linehan without a fight , if that means bringing the rest of ireland along for the ride then so be it . 
  the 3 main parties in the uk are pro european union , there are a few `` back benchers '' who are not , but the official stance of their parties is pro european union in nature . 
  i think it 's fair to recognise a difference between being pro european and anti expansion of the powers the eu has . 
  it 's not secure unless it 's independent of another foreign power . 
  it 's just more secure than it was as romania is a friendlier nation for the moment . 
  i do n't think the costs of administration are the only concern when talking about a burocratic nightmare . 
  just the logistics and factions involved whilst writing laws that govern 28 nations with the demands and compromises usually involved for example . 
  not really secure , but not dependant on russia which is good in its own right considering it 's size and position in europe . 
  well til : [ pillars of hercules ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pillars_of_hercules ) for anyone else wondering why they would be on our flag . 
  because we do n't trust the rest of europe not to screw us over in the quest for the `` greater good '' . 
  because we did n't experience the full horrors of ww2 like the occupied nations of wwii , or those occupied by the soviets after ww2 . 
  and that probably gives us a different outlook to mainland europe . 
  because the french government was hostile towards the uk joining the eu . 
  there 's probably a bit of saving face in there leftover from those days . 
  because we 've no desire to link our stable democratic country to a collection of nations who throughout the last century and before that have either not run themselves well enough , or have run themselves so well that they thought they might as well run everyone else too . 
  we have close ties to the usa , australia , new zealand and canada , and while it is n't a replacement or ever going to be a replacement for closer ties with the eu , people like to think it is . 
  i do n't think any other european country has this , unless maybe portugal and brazil are closer than i know ? 
  because we 're only 70 years away from the start of the breakup of the british empire , and it 's a source of national pride that we once ruled over 1/4 of the planet despite coming from a rainy little island of the coast of france . 
  there 's also the pride of ww2 that i would chuck into this , it was our crowning moment of doing good and has allowed us to forget mowing down zulu warriors with the first machine guns and the rest of the nasty shit we got up to . 
  i 'd just like to point out at this point that regardless of what many people think in this subreddit , this point is just lingering back noise in comparison with some other stuff i 've listed . 
  we 're a crowded island , well england 's crowded and people cram into the best areas to live in scotland and wales . 
  we 're constantly hearing how our social services are under threat , how the south east is going to run out of fresh water , how there are not enough homes . 
  leading to an australian style `` fuck off we 're full '' regardless of whether you 're from the eu or not . 
  these are all things i 've heard or thought of myself and do not fully represent my views and may not represent anyone else 's . 
  i 've probably missed a few things to add on top of this list . 
  love the euro , do n't want it here but just having holiday destinations all use the same currency is great . 
  no more not being able to take a dump in france because you 've got no franks and you 're driving to italy so brought lira and ca n't pay to shit in a hole in the floor . 
  on a more serious note , the consumer protection stuff has probably had the biggest impact on my day to day life . 
  so to put things in the clear , i 'm having a polite conversation in which by the end i am insulted , but it 's my fault because i 'm communicating in english on an english forum ? 
  like i somehow abused my language advantage to pull one over on the poor defenceless frenchman ? 
   this anglo-centrism is very unbecoming . 
  whatever , get over yourself . 
  if you 'd like to contribute something worthwhile you can comment further down and , and answer a question i have about how other nations perceive the pervasiveness of english , and whether measures to preserve your cultural identity are in place / wanted . 
  it 's going to be very hard to put me in the right frame of mind to see french cultural protectionism in a positive light because i 'm a native english speaker , from the uk that is very heavily soaked in us culture i 've never known any different and the lines between us , british , australian and irish culture are blurry . 
  maybe there are laws in other none english speaking nations i 'm not aware of . 
  if someone wants to volunteer how they would feel about it as a none english speaker somewhere else in europe that would be interesting . 
   at least you are simple-minded is an insult , please try to be less silly . 
  i do n't see how those points dispute the image i 'm suggesting is painted by those institutions/laws . 
  the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise seems to spend it 's time making sure english loan words are not used ( `` protecting '' the french language ) that does look like xenophobia to me though , an irrational fear of english language having negative effects on the french language or culture . 
  the quotas `` protect '' french music , ( 40 % has to be in french , is there a serious risk that nobody in france will perform music unless the government forces the media to broadcast these songs ? ), 
  again this can fit into a xenophobic outlook , some kind of irrational fear that music from the anglosphere would somehow do damage to french music . 
  the immigrant stuff is pretty much present here too , and even though i suspect banning the full face veil would be fairly popular here in the uk i cant see it ever being done , because it 's ridiculous and i think there would be enough discourse to cut through the crap on that one . 
  this kind of xenophobia exists everywhere with big immigration numbers as far as i can see . 
  the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise , language qoutas for broadcasted music , banning the full face viel , all examples of the french being terrified of none french culture or language . 
  it sort of paints a picture of a xenophobic country that lives in terror , the fact i 'm laughing at that just comes down to how ridiculous it all seems as someone who is english . 
  i do n't know why you 're offended enough to insult me . 
  i guess the application and acceptance of unesco recognition was enough protection then . 
   have the french government put in laws to protect french cuisine but something of this kind , did it get put through successfully ? 
  i did n't follow up . 
  have the french government put in laws to protect french cuisine ? 
  like 80 % of all dishes serves must be french in origin ? 
  after some research kind of . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/06/france-restaurant-law_n_3712556.html ) and it has unesco protection too lol , which is unsurprising as the french seem to want every bit of their culture marked out for recognition . 
  [ list ] ( http://www.unesco.org/culture/ich/en/lists ) sometimes it really does feel like the french are terrified of anything that might influence french culture or language . 
  a lord does not duel his serfs , nor does he suffer their winging . 
  back to the fields pleb . 
  you can represent all the none british people , british people are self deterministic and have elected me to this position , a position i will hold throughout my entire life and pass down to my children when i am gone . 
  of course , i require some funds so i can live in the lavish manner befitting a high ranking royal servant . 
  i do n't know , i think it would be easier if we just let one persons opinions count for all of us . 
  saves so much time . 
  i nominate myself . 
  i hope so , it 's in everyone 's interest that france does n't dip back into recession . 
  yeah , but when a case can be brought against them it is . 
  just not to the degree you feel is adequate for the crime . 
  i 'm not going to sit here applying a blanket defense to irresponsible / negligent or criminal bankers . 
  i just take offence at this jumped up little cabbage farmer using it to score points while he himself is involved with a terrible government . 
  romania should n't be in the eu . 
  2007 romania entered the eu , and in december 2013 and they 're still pushing bullshit self intrest laws through their parliament . 
  why has the eu admitted countries not capable of governing themselves into the eu , and allowed their politicians to have a say on how our lives are run ? 
  anyway , i 'm moving way off point . 
  so aside from when they were charged you mean ? 
  the point is , that toss pot is exploiting banker hate here , when the government he 's involved with recently voted in laws to protect themselves from corruption charges . 
  the companies are selected by markit , they 're not picking seasonal industries like agriculture . 
  they focus on manufacturing and the service sector/retail . 
  the news is n't surprising because the french economy has looked weak for a while , not because of how the numbers are collected . 
  a whole ruck of them have been published today . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.markiteconomics.com/public/page.mvc/pressreleases ) and here 's the french manufacturing one that 's being reported on : [ link ] ( http://www.markiteconomics.com/survey/pressrelease.mvc/45fadf38ca6745b1b423f91ecb61df83 ) the french economy is in trouble , in a time where there appeared to be light at the end of the tunnel for europe . 
  unemployment is rising and is currently 10.5 % and recession looks likely . 
  ` romanian politicians are worse than british bankers ' says rbs cheif executive ross mcewan basically , what does it matter what someone who is part of a government in a state not able to manage itself cleanly thinks ? 
  if only bankers had the power to exempt themselves from corruption charges like romanian mp 's have done , who would be the bogey men then ? 
  i 've every sympathy for any romanian who wants to seek a better life elsewhere and for those stuck there begging . 
  fight the french , and in someone elses back yard ? 
  you bet your squeaky spanish arse we 'll be there .
