  i probably could do a better job with this comment but i 'm aiming for a early night tonight . 
   so , uk is an illegal institution , which was never approved by a legitimate vote by the public . 
   no , i 'm using the same idiotic ` logic ' ukip uses . 
  you 're not , you 're trying to suggest that we hold to standards set in the 17th century and earlier . 
  you 're actually making yourself even less reasonable than the frothing tards in ukip . 
  it 's the 21st century , regardless of what has happened before people should expect the right to self determination and a role in how their country is governed and for major groundbreaking decisions a referendum is needed . 
  i 'm not anti europe , i 'm not against the idea of a european superstate , given the right conditions i would welcome it . 
  europe can not be allowed to build on rotten foundations , there can not be any chance that a european state , once built , can be allowed to tear itself apart . 
  ever closer union , built on top of the foundations we already have , without accent from the people is dangerous . 
  i do n't want to see the uk on the sidelines if this happens , being bullied by europe . 
  eu state without the uk can not be allowed to happen , eu state with britain on shitty foundations can not be allowed to happen either . 
   but do n't you think that the people should get a vote ? 
  if they choose to elect people to their national parliaments who campaign on the platform of independence then who am i to say no ? 
  who is anyone to say no . 
   no , it 's against the `` we never voted for eu '' bit . 
  [ you 're channeling monty python ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dootka0agi0 ) no one voted for the uk because the general population did n't get to vote . 
  england and scotland were in a personal union since 1603 , wales was conquered by england centuries before that and northern ireland was left in the uk when the irish earned their independence in the inter war period . 
  are you being a smart arse ? 
  scotland is voting on it next year , i 'm pretty sure ireland could hold a referendum too if it wanted . 
  i 'm not too sure about wales . 
  i do n't see how that 's an argument against the british wanting ever closer union with the continent . 
  because while britain might enjoy the benefits of the european union the british people would prefer to keep their self determination at the same time . 
  i really do n't want european politicians having more and more say over time , for the `` greater good '' is fine if you 're part of the majority but is pretty shitty if you 're not . 
  just ask the residents of old industrial towns in wales/scotland/northern england . 
  we already find ourselves isolated in some areas of european policy ( financial transaction tax ) and our economic policies do n't gel with countries like france and the states huge role in handling the economy . 
  and europe has never been a happier place , 
  i would n't be surprised if germany does n't want ( or have ) it 's own system . 
  there was the whole debacle with their trojan a couple of years ago . 
  no riff raff allowed . 
  it 's a deterrent for all war . 
  if you make your enemy desperate enough through conventional means , they will resort to using unconventional means . 
  wars have a habit of escalating . 
  the uk fully planned on using gas attacks should germany invade . 
  but both sides had considered the use of the weapons on each too dangerous during the war . 
  a quiet country in the frozen north , has n't been a big player since loosing the great northern war . 
  ca n't determine which way the wind blows but does a bloody good job of getting where it needs to be regardless . 
  a well functioning stable democracy . 
  lots of international cultural presence in literature and music and the globes taste for blonde swedish ladies is insatiable, 
  i 'd imagine plenty of pr companies have a presence on reddit and other big websites . 
  maintaining accounts , trying to push a positive image out there for their brand or even just the obvious stuff like gary `` lol 40 % '' johnson or president obama . 
  it 's cheap ( free ) , does n't take a great deal of time , and the way moderation works i would n't be surprised that `` favors '' have been done for these companies . 
  reddit is full of all sorts of groups pushing agendas , it 's very obvious in the smaller sub reddits . 
  of course you know this , being a member of/involved with the scottish yes campaign pushing your own agenda . 
  and while i have no problem with your presence ( as long as its voluntary and not paid ) racists , paid or not , should gtfo . 
  that 's not strictly true , if you account for irish casualties . 
  a rather bloody affair when you account for irish casualties ( ~ 40 % of irish population ) between that and the 30 years war in the hre and surrounding states it was a bloody period in history . 
  being a liberal society on the edge of a continent plagued by tyrants , dictators and god like kings wins you no favours . 
  especially as you have to dictate your foreign policy around making sure one of those buggers does n't become powerful enough to either invade directly , or cut us of from the continent . 
  lucky ? 
  i do n't think the uk would be better of having not joined the eu . 
  i just think integrating more ( euro , stuff like the financial transaction tax ) would harm us more . 
  there 's a balance to be struck, 
  all parties i think , the uk would n't be able to take control of it 's problems and the eu would find a huge weight on it 's shoulders . 
  makes more sense now , 
  yeah , it appears that way . 
  we need a / r/rulebritannia though i think that would end up mirroring / r/britishproblems in content . 
  stop in regressive ? 
  economy is n't weak , it 's underperforming . 
  and if the uk had integrated more we would be in a worse position . 
  we have to counter balance your hatred of the northerners you stinky little piggy wiggy . 
  clarification : fateswarm is a joke , this comment is a joke . 
  braveland ? 
  someone get / r/circlejerk on the phone [ it 's happening !, 
   the united states averaged 1,274 tornadoes per year in the last decade , along with canada reporting nearly 100 annually in the southern regions . 
  [ 2 ] however , the uk probably has most tornadoes per area per year , 0.14 per 1000 km \u00b2 . 
  [ 3 ] also the netherlands have relatively many tornadoes per area . 
  also in absolute number of events , ignoring area , the uk experiences more tornadoes ( excluding waterspouts ) than any other european country . 
  according to [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tornado_climatology ), 
  upvote for source thankyou !, 
  yes , because it 's a family worth hundreds of millions who are on thin ice . 
  do you have an example of this happening , or the crisis that would develop from such an occurrence ? 
  we kind of sorted this out a few hundred years ago ... 
  the queen is n't allowed to be political which means we do n't get an obnoxious cunt interfering or even discussing politics publicly . 
  a head of state who can represent everyone rather than just those who voted for him/her . 
  absolutely no problems would be solved by replacing a monarch with a president . 
  it 's 2013 , why are war reperations still up for discussion ? 
  i wo n't under any circumstances make that damn mistake again . 
  it 's a british tradition , i got sun burnt on crete so bad i had to keep one of my legs covered for 2 weeks a few years ago . 
  in my defense beer was cheaper than water and i 'd forgotten to put sun screen on both of my legs ... 
  you 're kinda missing the point . 
  in other news germans warmongers , french cowards , italians lazy , greece still has n't contributed to civilisation in over 2000 years and belgium is still the most offensive word in the universe . 
  let 's not fill this subreddit up with flame bait or `` satire '' . 
  i wo n't edit it , but i should have written `` exclusively from commentators '' i do n't really want to banner up and make this into a massive issue , it really is n't to me . 
  as far as i can tell nothing has changed since the new mods were added as far as what i can actually see from the front of / r/europe , and that 's fine with me . 
  it 's just the way these things work , they have their own irc channels , or private subreddits and then add each other to each others subreddits as mods . 
  in a subreddit this size i think it makes more sense to recruit from commentators, 
  yeah , he 's not a suitable mod here by any means . 
  i liked the fact the the mods added largely came from contributors , he was an anomaly , a karma farmer and drags a trail of drama behind him . 
  depends who you ask , where they live in the uk and what you were doing to put food on the table . 
  it might be 50/50 overall , but it varies heavily on where abouts in the uk you are . 
  i myself am 50/50 i was n't old enough to appreciate her leadership and looking back on it now i can see positives and negatives . 
  if anything i lean slightly thatcherite , i think a lot of peoples anger should be directed at the union leaders rather than thatcher . 
  it 's hard to appreciate just how much of a mess the uk was in during the 70 's . 
  a divisive figure , but a woman who has unmistakeably left her mark on the uk though she perhaps left us with more `` slow burn '' problems than she tackled as pm . 
  on a side note , the discussions this should start in the media regarding her legacy and the situations we face now should be interesting . 
  [ tulips ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tulip_mania ) ? 
  it 's universal value is currently underneath the expense of producing it . 
  it 's as retarded as minting penny coins the same size as they are now , but in gold . 
  natalie osborne , oh wow how could i forget her . 
  and now you made me out myself as a closet hollyoaks viewer .
