  that 's what the best `` euro threads '' here have done . 
  instead , a large part of the thread is devoted to people discussing whether the op is trying to troll the subreddit . 
  see what you really should have done if you were to use that as an example is actually check the articles posted to [ / r/unitedkingdom ] ( / r/unitedkingdom ) regarding scottish independence and then read the comments . 
  because it simply does n't happen . 
  i have never seen someone who supports our union calling scottish independence advocates trolls for linking pro independence articles . 
  now i do n't have time to check each and every post there but i could n't see one occurrence . 
  also , you linked an opinion piece , the bbc article is factual . 
  ministers and lords in the uk did meet and recommended that the uk should plan for the end of the euro . 
  this is n't trolling , it 's a godamn news piece , the comments here should be discussing the news , not have it descend into posts like mine here simply because an article does n't fit into someone 's view . 
  you do n't agree with the mps and lord in article so it must be an attempt at trolling ? 
  this is a news piece not an opinion piece , a group of mps and lords with no message saying that as a country the uk should be prepared for the euro to collapse . 
  i 'm entirely confident that amongst the eurozone nations and their biggest trade partners all of them will be making plans should the worst happen . 
  if the euro collapses it 's going to monumentally shake the world economy again . 
  i 'm sensing a lot of people in this subreddit would rather bury their heads in the sand rather than approach problems that might pop up . 
  nothing made me chuckle as much as the fact that mitt romney could be quite seriously attacked in an advert for speaking french . 
  it 's insanity . 
  `` harold shipman nursing homes '' / how tasteless do we dare go ? 
  how does this work in unskilled markets , or during recession ? 
  edit : sorry skipped part of what you said , do people who do the `` dirtier '' jobs just get screwed over with very little vacation then ? 
  this will be the last time we interact yetanotherpengiun . 
  in the 14 days you have chosen to exclusively interact with me in comment threads i do not feel we have moved our relationship on . 
  i do hope you continue to have a meaningful and exciting experience here on reddit , alas i wo n't be part of it any longer . 
  signed . 
  your king . 
  [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tattoos/comments/pwg7p/my_chest_tattoo_nonmachine_bamboo_stick_wneedles/c3t5eo9 ) and unless you consider yourself more than one person i never suggested that more than one person was after me . 
  finally mocking my use of comments straight after using ... . rather than a comma seems slightly stupid . 
  once again , i have masterfully proven what a complete and utter cretin you are and i remain king of the internet . 
  bow before my greatness . 
  you have no idea the sorts of trouble trying to p , p , p , p , p , pickup a penguin will get you into . 
   no , he does n't such a simple an elegant way to show your opinion that halal or kosher food have no place in schools , if only we could all communicate so clearly . 
  your stupidity extends towards supporting a racist now does it ? 
  i 'm rather pleased that my favourite stalker is delving deeper into the realms of stupidity . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're genuinely that stupid , or if it 's an act to bait responses . 
  i do hope it 's the latter though . 
  seriously [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) what the fuck is wrong with some of you , how can a comment as retarded as this get support ? 
  i think you accidentally the wrong article . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-17213556 ) is the link i think you intended to post :d, 
  stuff like the srebrenica massacre happened under the nose of the u.n. europe did n't really want to get involved , the u.s.a had to take the lead and i find that embarrassing . 
  how can a continent ravaged by war and ethnic cleansing allow the same thing to happen again in our back yard . 
  we could have , and should have done more , what we did came far too late . 
  how about sorry , that as a continent we allowed the breakup of yugoslavia to get so messy . 
  and that even after we were there , we still continued to let down people who thought they were under our protection . 
  probably our biggest failure as a continent post war . 
  obligationular is a perfectly cromulent word, 
  txampion is a troll , do n't bother trying to correct him . 
  i know that and it does n't change the facts . 
  i 'm quite happy to look at other candidates . 
  switzerland comes close , and it 's no coincidence that both nations have large financial sectors . 
  it 's not due to any inherent superiority , both nations just happen to have good natural borders which make them harder to take and hold . 
  what i wrote are facts that i used to dispute your claim that iceland had been at peace since the 13th century , when it simply was n't the case . 
  i 'm not trying to belittle iceland or anything incase that 's the impression i gave . 
  i 'm trying to demonstrate that the uk 's stability is unmatched in europe , and how that has shaped our nations culture when in comparison to the rest of europe . 
  well you 're not exactly being accurate when you describe iceland as being at peace or stable since the 13th century . 
  considering iceland was a dependant of denmark during wwii and was invaded by the uk . 
  where are you from if you do n't mind me asking , i thought that switzerland had the longest period of peace , having not participated in a war since the early 19th century . 
  it was the wrong way of asking my question , what i meant was , why do you consider us removing the right to vote for prisoners an issue , when we 're already removing other human rights . 
  i 'm presuming the answer to this is n't because of how the convention on human rights approaches it . 
  why do n't you read my comment ? 
  i 'm not arguing the content of the convention , my argument is that the content of the convention is flawed . 
  as is mantonizations argument that you replied to . 
  please if you need me to clarify what my point is , ask . 
  do n't put ridiculous words in my mouth . 
  it 's strange that you should say `` beat more sense into the brits '' i 'm not taking it literally of course , it 's just a turn of phrase . 
  the uk has endured 300 years of relative stability compared to the rest of europe . 
  to us it appears as if everyone else is mad , and history backs us up , 
  and i 'm saying we 're already taking away rights depending on what crime was committed . 
  what makes voting more special than freedom of movement , freedom of association etc etc ? 
  yes , because they rejoin society . 
  and regain all the rights they lost . 
  before they entered the prison system they were members of society . 
  when they entered prison they ceased to be . 
  scumbag poster , does n't care about reasoning wants to confirm his world view . 
  the crime already dictates what rights are taken away . 
  there are different types . 
  of punishment from fines to incarceration , tagging and rules regarding who people can associate with . 
  so we should abolish prisons because they remove people 's rights inherently ? 
  if you commit a crime you forfeit some of your rights , that 's what makes imprisonment a punishment . 
  he does n't look nearly belligerent enough to be british . 
  i know . 
  at first i was wondering why voters were not anonymous in france . 
  ( it 's pretty important for democracy ) read the article and i find it ridiculous that elected officials who support her would even try to get anonymity . 
  and surely this shoots whatever campaign she had planned in the foot ... how strange . 
  i think you need a cup of tea . 
  it 's hardly hate speech , you 're being overly dramatic . 
  just as over dramatic as the people in the videos you linked . 
  i do n't see a reason why you need to bring yourself to that level . 
  especially when replying to someone who 's talking about a completely different topic just because the flag next to his name happens to be the union flag . 
  but hey , do n't let something as simple as reason get in the way of your eagerness to berate the brits in here for their governments foreign policy . 
  oh do be quiet . 
  somehow the discussion has gone of on a tangent , but my oringal point stands . 
  i do n't believe people should start having to submit their comments from other threads in order to get them more attention . 
  if everyone did this when they thought they had made a point that did n't get enough `` air time '' reddit would quickly bog down . 
  if you limit my post history to [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) ( if possible ? ), 
  you will see that i 'm fairly neutral when it comes to europe . 
  i 'm not one of the massive eurosceptics on this subreddit , neither do i submit news from any source . 
  i genuinely come here to keep myself updated on european matters , and talk to other europeans . 
  you have presumed i hate europe because of the flag that sits next to my name , perhaps if you approached the british on this subreddit with more reasonable discourse rather than judging them by nationality you might find you do n't end up with so many people objecting to your participation . 
  what ?!, 
  people can disagree without resorting to violence . 
  my personal view is tighter integration with europe as being a good thing , but not under the current model .
