  everybody gets a little bit , no one is quite satisfied , but their big opposition gives the uk more favourable conditions than others . 
  i hate to think of things as inevitable , but this pretty much is . 
  just waiting for `` us '' to get round to tackling the real meat of the problem . 
  i think it 's more likely that it 's because there would n't be much domestic support for giving more money to the eu . 
  especially at a time when public services are being cut in order to reduce the deficit . 
  i ca n't speak for other member nations but surely this is going to be a hard sell back at home for those still working on `` austerity '' and i have to wonder if this is the case why are they not representing their constituents . 
   most eu states want to create a federal eu through small steps . 
  giving away power and money to a central european entity . 
  and that 's all well and good as long as those states pay for it . 
   think structural spending programs to build up economies etc. 
  you could half spending and still keep those programs at the same funding , the issue is cap and always has been . 
  [ info ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) and it still does n't address the missing money , how can anyone feel happy giving money to an organisation that has consistently failed to keep track of the money it already had ? 
  the set up of a united europe needs to be whiter than white otherwise there 's going to be trouble when decades later people look back and claim they were stabbed in the back by politicians when things get rough . 
   people lose autonomy when you 're talking about ( slightly post ) feudal society it does n't really count . 
  you 're just exchanging one lord for another , in this case a noble with the diplomatic skill required to have himself named king at a good time to rebel . 
  i guess the real conquering happens after a personal union , where the larger nation might suppress native culture . 
  i do n't see what the problem is it 's not as if the budget has been criticised by the eu 's own auditors for the last 17 years . 
  let 's just keep throwing money at them hopefully the irregularities will become such a small drop in the ocean the eurosceptics wo n't bring them up any more . 
  countries all over europe are cutting spending , yet the eu must keep pushing forward with budget increases . 
  sigh . 
  it was n't conquered , both kingdoms were joined by personal union . 
  / there may be a sub element of `` conquest '' i do n't know about . 
  perhaps [ neuva planta decrees ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees ) might be counted ? 
  / by no means an expert, 
  what obligations has the uk not kept ? 
  [ a bit of context ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/10/04/uk-greece-protest-idukbre8930hg20121004 ) for those like me , who wondered what was going on . 
  honor killings are not an unavoidable part of islam , neither is jihad . 
  islam can morph the same way christianity has done . 
  eventually it might be dropped altogether . 
   if someone in a rich neighbourhood does n't have to deal with it he may think that peaceful coexistence is more feasible than it actually is . 
  i think it 's feasible , but not practical everywhere given our current economic models . 
  when scarcity is no longer an issue i think it would work . 
  until then we would need to stop allowing ghettos to develop and hope that mutual cultural osmosis reduces any problems . 
  it 's not a problem i 'm equipped to solve to tell the truth :d, 
  not really , because they 're still attributing racist beliefs . 
  racism is passed down like religion , there 's no logic behind it . 
  a man 's potential is n't capped by his skin colour , or what god he worships . 
  it 's much easier to breed an attitude of us vs them when both sides of the conflict are poor . 
  now , when it comes to culture it gets messy , the new western way of life , liberalism and `` the pursuit of happiness '' is superior to repression under a ancient code of law . 
  but the problem is can two cultures coexist together ? 
  if both groups of people are happy , their basic needs , and their luxury needs are being met then they will probably coexist peacefully if not with much interaction . 
  if one or both groups is n't having their needs met then that 's when the problems arise , resentment either warranted or not appears on both sides and we end up with racial tensions . 
  obviously this is what is happening in places like bradford and in other poorer regions . 
  and this is one of the scenarios where racism/extremism breeds freely . 
   are n't people in the ( i 'm guessing poorer ) area of bradford have more direct experience with poor immigrants of a different race ? 
  and would n't the people from the ( i 'm guessing posh ) cambridge have less , thinking of poor immigrants in a more abstract way ? 
  yes this is the case , racism does n't manifest itself as strongly in communitys if two cultures are not in close proximity i would guess . 
  and wealth has much to do with it , the immigrants in cambridge are likely to be foreign students though i would imagine there are large amounts of immigrant farm workers during the gathering seasons . 
   also , you guys have the n-word over there ? 
  how bad is it on the scale of epithets ? 
  yeah we do , i 'm not really sure if there 's anyway i could rank it compared to the others , they 're as bad as each other in my opinion . 
  i 've noticed the decline in the quality of his posts too . 
  times are always changing here :d i 'm just waiting for txampion/noipmaxt to make an insightful comment . 
  yeah , i 've never really seen problems with the polish but i 'm not from the sort of area you would expect it from . 
  usually just the `` casual racism '' you expect from the elderly and daily mail readers . 
  are you intentionally trolling now or are you channelling stupidity from the beyond ? 
  i think it matters where you live in the uk . 
  people from poorer areas of say bradford are not going to hold the same opinions as someone in a nice suburb outside cambridge . 
   and it 's noticeable that while there 's still prejudice against the wave of polish people that arrived here , it 's less venomous than that against the pakistani wave or the jamaican wave . 
  i 'd agree with this too , i 've known people to complain that `` niggers stole our jobs !, 
  '' , `` niggers come here to live on our welfare system ! '', 
  and welcome polish migrant workers in the same breath . 
  people do n't seen to have an issue with east asian immigrants though ( china/korea/japan ) it 's ridiculous . 
  title is inaccurate , 77 % of labour mp 's not liberal democrat mp 's . 
  ( presumably there are not enough liberal mp 's to get a meaningful reading :p ), 
  look , austrian economics is bunk . 
  it 's not all bunk , granted . 
  post keynesian economists already have taken stuff from them . 
  can we please not rabbit on about austrian economics just because it 's the only school people without a calculator and a degree can appreciate . 
  again , it 's 2012 . 
  it 's 2012 . 
  i do n't think there were even nerds really , just the different kids . 
  the ones who were smelly , acted strangely , and just socially awkward . 
  i do n't remember the smart kids being victims just the different ones . 
  no that 's not what i 'm doing . 
  i 'm pointing out that either you 're not able to put to words what you think in english , or you 're misunderstanding what i am writing . 
  and more importantly i 'm not going to waste time with the discussion . 
  and here we are , doing it again . 
   stable for 300 years ? 
  not even 100 years ago the irish declared independence , that was armed conflict in your own backward , how 's that for 300 years stability ? 
  relative stability . 
  notice how that did n't get drawn out into a big conflict balkan style ? 
  there 's a reason our financial sector is so large , people do n't keep their money where it 's likely to fall into someone elses hands . 
  see also : switzerland what i meant probably was n't clear enough given the context , sorry . 
   it is when it proves cognitive dissonance . 
  it 's actually quite useful to demonstrate someone 's true ideology and the fact that they take their own government to a much lower standard than they take the eu organizations . 
  you 're absolutely right if you point out that the eu has its flaws , however if you 're absolutely silent about those very same flaws in your own government ( which affects you much more than the eu ever will ) then people like me are going to point that out . 
   considering you 're all now acting super defensive , i figure i 'm right when i say you have different standards and that a lot of your criticism is not done with good intentions but it 's actually done because its the eu . 
  this subreddit is about europe , you ca n't expect an amendment to every statement saying that they also disgree with something in their country . 
  you did n't even demonstrate the `` cognitive dissonance '' because there was no call to talk about it here . 
  it 's an account that looks like it was specifically created in here to talk about europe by someone who probably cares a little too much about internet points , with a tiny post history . 
   considering you 're all now acting super defensive , i figure i 'm right when i say you have different standards and that a lot of your criticism is not done with good intentions but it 's actually done because its the eu . 
  it was a reaction to your comments , that were bordering on farcical . 
  i 'm not a eurosceptic in the vein of ukip or conservative back benchers . 
  i 'm for a strong union eventually and a european union that 's willing to address some of its own issues , including those issues spawned by individual member states . 
   just like you , we 've had elections for a long time , even when we had the kings around . 
  so saying you 've been a democracy for 300 years when we 've only been a democracy for 40 is simply wrong . 
  also , your democracy for the most of its time has had stuff like [ 1 ] this or [ 2 ] this , so do n't pretend you 've always been a shinning beacon of freedom whereas we 've always been oppressed . 
  no i said we had been a stable country for 300 years , regardless of our institutions . 
   and while you can talk about the estado novo all you want , we at least get a vote on our head of state and on all other representatives .
