  of course they 're heroes too , it was a ridiculous war that europe had been building up to for a quite a long time . 
  germany had their heroes and the british had theirs , every nation involved did . 
  does the use of hero make you feel sick though , that 's what the op specifically said . 
  like it was some kind of nationalistic outpouring in favour of the war etc etc etc. 
  and it 's not , it 's just a pm making a generic statement in honour of his own relative who fought in a mindboglingly bloody conflict close to 100 years ago now . 
  i do n't see how a blanket label hero for a collection of men who lived through incredible hardships looking after each other as mates is n't such a bad thing . 
  there 's a distinction that can be made for those who fought the war and those who sent men to fight it . 
  it 's ludicrous that someone call it sickening . 
  what do you mean how ? 
  i do n't know what you do in belgium , but remembrance day is well respected here in the uk . 
  we 've long addressed nationally how we remember the fallen from all wars . 
  how is calling a soldier a hero nationalistic , or remembering them nationalistic ? 
  this entire post has really irked me . 
  i 'm seriously disappointed that the british/english/tory hate train has brought us this . 
  pathetic . 
  what kind of pathetic person is struck sick by a pretty generic tweet , praising soldiers who died in a war ? 
  the very least we can all do is remember the millions who died in a fruitless war . 
  there a plenty of reason to critise the british government , but this is stretching it too far . 
  but it 's not showing backbone . 
  which is why i commented . 
  oh no it would n't help , which is why he wo n't do it . 
  but not showing up does n't show any backbone . 
  not if it happens on the same grounds as the french ministers not going . 
  ( they have n't specified a reason ) for all we know hollande might not be attending because he 's allergic to putin 's aftershave , this is n't a political statement regarding the rights of homosexuals in russia . 
  huffington post have just decided to attach it to the rights issue . 
  showing backbone would be attending , and then preceding to shit all over the russian governments backwards and embarrassing policies . 
  `` quite frankly the russian government is a dangerous joke , but i 'm here to support all our athletes straight or gay , not to worry about a dying nations corrupt government . '', 
  i doubt it 'll happen , but hey ho . 
  on your own , where you can do the least damage , 
  greece has problems with turkey that i doubt anyone wants to risk getting involved with , at least in the current climate . 
  i think you have mixed up portugal 's location in europe , i 'll replace it with hungary for ease . 
  poland is by far the biggest player in that group of nations probably too big to want to give up equal control . 
  croatia and slovenia need to solve their border issues . 
  then there 's the language and cultural differences between the states involved . 
  i do n't think the gain would give them much over being covered by a nato umbrella or a european alliance under the same terms . 
  there 's no incentive at the moment . 
  i ca n't imagine the german people for example , would be happy funding the french/british nuclear deterrent should the us prove unreliable . 
  ( assuming in that situation the uk would drop it 's partnership with the usa with its own deterrent and switch to using french delivery systems and/or warheads . 
  or cooperate on a replacement for both taking advantage of france 's independent expertise . ), 
  europe might want to pursue military goals separate to the usa in the future . 
  at the moment that 's too difficult with each nation relying on the usa for great swathes of the logistical support required to work even slightly outside their own borders . 
  and if it comes down to it , i doubt the american people will accept us soldiers dying in `` another european war '' . 
  and help from the usa will come with a cost ( this is n't to say the usa is doing something wrong here , it 's just the way things work ), 
  there can not be an efficient european military force without european states giving up their independent foreign policy . 
  it 's a hard sell to get people willing to spend money on more military hardware while nations are enacting cuts to services or/and tax rises through much of europe . 
  sigh . 
  can you please keep this in / r/ukpolitics ? 
  i do n't think / r/europe would enjoy a mark steele echo chamber . 
  well that was n't exactly the meat of my argument there , my point is people often point to the `` cognitive '' benefits of learning a new language , which is fine by itself but i 've not seen any studies comparing it to other new skills . 
  ( like chess ) . 
  then languages could be replaced with something that is useful for everyone throughout their entire life . 
  i 'm sure there are general benefits for learning languages , but are those benefits larger than having kids being more comfortable with maths , or even a game like chess ? 
  as for the poor translation software , it 's going to get better and better as time goes by . 
  there 's nothing stopping you now if you 're serious . 
  i 'm just concenered that we 're wasting thousands of school hours a year teaching languages that do n't get used afterwards . 
  it 's not as if kids are coming home and consuming german/french/spanish media to help them grow and become more proficient in the language . 
  you get a few hours a week , and you 're already battling a sense of `` what the fuck is the point '' . 
  we live in an age where translation is available on a mobile phone in a pinch . 
  people who want to learn languages should have the oppertunity to specialise outside the curriculum . 
  chineese is going to be even less relevant . 
  at least with european languages it can help bring us closer to the continent . 
  i do n't regret not giving a fuck . 
  i 'm eternally frustrated that schools are being asked to teach foreign languages . 
  britain 's history is great , britain 's history is shameful . 
  there we go , i 've put that in an easy to digest simple sentence fit for someone who 's entire education came from / r/worldnews . 
  what i said was entirely true . 
  pick a nation , and they committed crimes against humanity at some point . 
   the nazis of the rest of the world that 's nonsense . 
  the uk helped end state sanctioned slavery globally , the uk 's law brought us great things like magna carta , bill of rights , petition of right . 
  you know sometimes , you 're permitted to talk about our history without specifically giving a disclaimer about the awful stuff . 
  what does it say about the continent if the uk comes out looking good in comparison ? 
  yeah it 's not as if the uk was a beacon of liberty and stability on the edge of a continent ruled by tyrants and plagued by war . 
  was n't the russian response to block imports of moldovan wine in order to bully you into staying in their sphere of influence ? 
  there was a show on bbc radio 4 covering it the other night . 
  edit : [ show here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b03hwn0h ) ( uk ip 's only , sorry ), 
  just do n't talk about her , she 's a divisive figure and opinions on her differ widely based on geographic location in the uk and on the basis of `` class '' or income . 
  it 's honestly not worth the hassle . 
  you can read through [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/mark-steel-and-bruce-anderson-clash-on-thatchers-legacy-where-there-is--discord-could-there-be-harmony-8570460.html ) which will give you an overview on what opinions exist . 
  [ here 's one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=1edpxkqiptw#t=32 ) just incase you did n't find one , or for anyone else too lazy to google . 
  ye m8 , jog on bruv , lucky i aint bothered to stab u in the gabber wit me screwdriver tho , fuckin piss ant m8 , swear down . 
  [ u wot m8 ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fw4cs2q.gif ) this poem shows the more commonly encountered bollocks while using english : dearest creature in creation , study english pronunciation . 
  i will teach you in my verse sounds like corpse , corps , horse , and worse . 
  i will keep you , suzy , busy , make your head with heat grow dizzy . 
  tear in eye , your dress will tear . 
  so shall i !, 
  oh hear my prayer . 
  just compare heart , beard , and heard , dies and diet , lord and word , sword and sward , retain and britain . 
  ( mind the latter , how it 's written . ), 
  now i surely will not plague you with such words as plaque and ague . 
  but be careful how you speak : say break and steak , but bleak and streak ; cloven , oven , how and low , script , receipt , show , poem , and toe . 
  hear me say , devoid of trickery , daughter , laughter , and terpsichore , typhoid , measles , topsails , aisles , exiles , similes , and reviles ; scholar , vicar , and cigar , solar , mica , war and far ; one , anemone , balmoral , kitchen , lichen , laundry , laurel ; gertrude , german , wind and mind , scene , melpomene , mankind . 
  billet does not rhyme with ballet , bouquet , wallet , mallet , chalet . 
  blood and flood are not like food , nor is mould like should and would . 
  viscous , viscount , load and broad , toward , to forward , to reward . 
  and your pronunciation 's ok when you correctly say croquet , rounded , wounded , grieve and sieve , friend and fiend , alive and live . 
  ivy , privy , famous ; clamour and enamour rhyme with hammer . 
  river , rival , tomb , bomb , comb , doll and roll and some and home . 
  stranger does not rhyme with anger , neither does devour with clangour . 
  souls but foul , haunt but aunt , font , front , wont , want , grand , and grant , shoes , goes , does .
