  10 % is incredibly silly , but it 's not enough to push them past the french people . 
   kosovo and bosnia were ravaged by the wars instigated by usa and uk . 
  lol . 
  you 're welcome . 
  seems like a bit of a silly pissing match really , london and nyc are the twin capitals of the western world . 
  lol france . 
  i do n't want to be a bus wanker . 
  that and i do n't want to sit next to screaming kid , smelly people , people with colds , people with loud shitty music , alcoholics , druggies , people hungover from the night before , people on their way out for a night , people who have had a shitty day because they had to take public transport . 
  i do n't want to be stood up near by any of these people either . 
  and i do n't want to carry an umbrella like i 'm some tosspot from 1951 . 
  meh , you 're basically french anyway . 
  r u fuckin starting m8 ? 
  that 's more of a french / german thing . 
  probably for the best , france should be there if they 're currently bombing syrian territory . 
  the immigrant crisis is n't our problem and parliament has already decided not to waste time and effort on it , i do n't really see how anyone there could take what we offer seriously . 
  no , no one in the world is buying saudi oil , and it 's not used in any of the products we buy in the uk . 
  i ca n't see that happening until the oil is either finished or redundant . 
  they 'll be up against the wall at that point , i doubt they will get chance to see the error of their ways . 
   's disgusting how western leaders refuse to state the truth about that vile regime whilst turning a blind eye to the horrendous crimes against humanity they commit on a regular basis . 
  we need oil . 
  they basically hold a nuclear weapon above the worlds economy . 
  i 'm not particularly happy about the way saudi arabia is treating it 's people , but i do n't care enough to see my quality of life drop significantly . 
  it 's not as if people do n't know what 's going on there , or in china or the explotation in india and africa . 
  the vast majority just do n't care enough to do anything meaningful about it . 
  but it 's yet another reason ( as if the future of human life on this planet was n't enough ) why the process of moving our economy away from fossil fuels should be the number one global priority right now . 
  the usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  ( i 'm not going to pick one , we 're family ) together we 've built a much much much better world than when we started . 
  it 's not our fault . 
  we were fed scraps from the european language table . 
  which one of us contributes and subscribes to / r/conspiracy ? 
  one submission being : https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/3laamb/now_that_the_label_conspiracy_theorist_has_begun/ now , if i was going to bring out the stereotype of the basement dwelling internet argument machine and use it to attempt to insult someone , i 'd probably make sure i was n't the living embodiment of the stereotype myself . 
  then again , i 'm a well adjusted productive member of society , and i probably could n't keep up with the enlightened wisdom of one of reddit 's [ top minds ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/topmindsofreddit ), 
  lol hit a nerve have i ? 
  it must be hard being poor , undereducated and without a set of skills that allows you to find non menial employment . 
  if you send me your paypal i 'll give you # 5 , surely you 're not above charity . 
  if you 've been born and raised in a first world country , and you 're competing with cheap foreign refugee labour then you have failed at life , give the refugees a shot . 
  they are . 
  as we should . 
  you 've got a chip on your shoulder the size of uluru . 
  great if you 're not spain or greece and find yourself unable to tackle the issue . 
  lol, 
  why does it have to be all or nothing . 
  all there needs to be is a good deal . 
  the best deal possible now the uk is out of the eu . 
  but thats obviously too much and the denizens of this mess of a subreddit want punishment and fear to rule . 
  out of bitterness and abject stupidity . 
  how does a good trade deal not benefit both ? 
  the uk is being punished and the rest of your comment was tired irrelevant twaddle . 
  why would the eu sacrifice it 's own prosperity ? 
  no one benefits from a crappy deal unless the eu 's aim is to punish the uk and keep everyone else in line and in the eu ? 
  it 's the position of the eu that the uk should be punished for leaving . 
  i 'm having a hard time understanding why we 're in the wrong here when it 's better for the rest of the eu and the uk if we come to a good deal . 
  quality nonsense mate . 
  seem to be working quite well again ? 
  i 'm quite sure the euro is working ok for a handful of countries but it 's certainly not working for the millions of people suffering under eu mandated austerity . 
  and schengen has been an unmitigated disaster and the countries who signed up ca n't even help each other out . 
  no one wants to help italy of greece and they 're effectively your borders anyone entering there has free reign . 
  as for the self fulfilling de gaule 's rejection lit a match for a fire that that was easy to flame , building a base of voters who would reject the eu regardless . 
  couple that with the fact that the uk 's interests are not regarded in many cases withing europe , where laws with a disproportionate effect on the uk are still pushed . 
  it is n't all the eu 's fault , far from it . 
  but it seems to me the eu gets an easy pass on lots of things because the idea of a unified eu is so good . 
  very little attention or criticism is paid to how it uses the powers it already has are used . 
  tired old nonsense trotted out on the regular here , the uk adheres to what it subscribes to unlike many of it 's european neighbours . 
  what would you have us signed upto , schegen ? 
  the euro ? 
  both failures . 
  and both would have made the eu worse for everyone in the eu had we signed up . 
  you should be thankful and more critical of poor decisions your side to sign up . 
  the uk was met with outright hostility by a a man desperate to cling on to his countries fading power and influence . 
  a man who put the security of western europe at risk for a grudge . 
  they 'd be in good company . 
  self fulfilling prophesy . 
  we get to remove some guilt and eat delicious queijadas . 
  i am fine with this . 
  how many cars did you take back with you ? 
  the [ video ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g6aaztv.gif ) is rather funny, 
  lol, 
  someone needs to enforce the payment of debts, 
  no it will continue to function as well as it ever did , which probably is n't very comforting if you 're living in italy . 
  everyone blindly following along . 
  and it 's all worked out so wonderfully for italy , but i 'm sure it will be all sunshine and roses once we 're out . 
  i 'm sure it will be as successful as all the eu 's other endeavours we abstained from . 
  lol , they 're your problem . 
  france 's inability to police it 's own borders or nation is n't at all related to the uk leaving the eu other than it being used as ammunition for the leave campaign . 
  as in there is no refugee problem here . 
  it was n't a problem before brexit , and it wo n't be a problem afterwards . 
  it 's a problem for the schengen countries in europe because once you 're in you have free movement throughout . 
  there are no regions in the uk overwhelmed with ` boat people ' . 
  we already have escaped it , it 's not an issue here . 
  we 've not even left and it 's not our problem . 
  we have borders , and a moat . 
  we can take what we feel we can cope with from the camps as part of our duty . 
  lol not our problem mate . 
  about time france started to house these people . 
  restricted data the secret information the leaked documents reveal : \u2022 the stealth capabilities of the six new indian scorpene submarines \u2022 the frequencies at which the subs gather intelligence \u2022 the levels of noise the subs make at various speeds \u2022 diving depths , range and endurance \u2022 magnetic , electromagnetic and infra-red data \u2022 specifications of the submarine 's torpedo launch system and the combat system \u2022 speed and conditions needed for using the periscope \u2022 propeller 's noise specifications \u2022 radiated noise levels when the submarine surfaces https://theaustralianatnewscorpau.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/secret-submarine-dossier-document-11.pdf https://theaustralianatnewscorpau.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/secret-submarine-dossier-document-21.pdf https://theaustralianatnewscorpau.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/subs-document-3.pdf, 
  `` we have the highest security protections on all of our defence information , whether it is in partnership with other countries or entirely within australia , '' he told the seven network today . 
  `` but clearly , it is a reminder that , particularly in this digital world , cyber security is of critical importance . '' sea trials for the first of india 's six scorpene submarines began in may . 
  the project is running four years behind schedule . 
  the indian navy has boasted that its scorpene submarines have superior stealth features , which give them a major advantage against other submarines . 
  the us will be alarmed by the leak of the dcns data because australia hopes to install an american combat system -- with the latest us stealth technology -- in the french shortfin barracuda .
