   [ do n't know who the original author is . 
  it 's free cheese , i want my godamn free cheese and i 'm going to sulk until i get it . 
  well it was plastered all over their cheese aid a few years ago . 
  if i was gifted free cheese i 'd recognise the eu flag . 
  since the eu have failed to provide me with free cheese i will fail to recognise their flag , seems like a fair deal . 
  turn off parental controls . 
  i went to find where jump in my car charted in germany so i could use the results to mock you and all germans . 
  i found out it hit number 3 in the uk and did n't chart in germany . 
  so i 'm going to turn this around by saying : fucking germans , ca n't appreciate the supreme talent the hoff wields . 
  i did visit it , but considering the situation did n't really develop , we knew nothing at the start and everything at the end it did n't really suit a live thread . 
  the irc chat was more my cup of tea . 
  it 's made from girders , obviously you have to mine the iron to turn into girders before they in turn are used to make irn bru . 
  the recipe and stockpile is held in trust by queen who then pays the scottish mercenaries who built the empire using this stockpile . 
  irn bru was the inspiration for the ketracel-white anybody who saw deep space nine would remember . 
  no us evil englanders will be locking the scottish back up and making them work double shifts in the irn bru mines . 
  yes , there 's less than two million yes voters . 
  now we need to work together , heal divisions created during campaigning and start tackling issues we have together . 
  could n't be happier , the uk marches on . 
  still a good symbolical place to construct the cameron line , should be fool proof unless belgium decides to split off from the continent and join the british isles . 
  only problem is with places like tower hamlets . 
  still i do n't think the problem is big enough to start going to those lengths . 
  just being able to walk in , give your name and address is nice and easy . 
  i reckon there 's plenty of head matter in your average can of spam , or that cheap almost but not entirely unlike meat stuff you find for # 1 per 50 slices in morrisons . 
  christ it 'll be like watching a 4 hour penalty shoot out , i could n't manage it . 
  that does n't look like something i can boil , mash or stick in a stew . 
  though it 's a very nice head . 
  all of that stuff would look even better in the british museum . 
  meh i 'll sleep through the tension and have either good news or bad news when i wake up for work . 
  results should be in around 7ish right ? 
  what 's kappas precious ? 
  it 's hard to pick between australia / new zealand / canada / usa for me, 
  does graham linehan not balance that out ? 
   turkey map  arkadaslar kingdom a quick google tells me this has something to do with friends . 
  has channel 4 's reputation for friends repeats carried so far ? 
  + + + divide by cucumber error . 
  please reinstall universe and reboot + + +, 
  hi , i 'm wiki-link-fixer-human-man and i 'm proud to say i 've fixed your link !, 
  [ lancaster house treaties ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lancaster_house_treaties_%282010%29 ), 
  [ fucking knew it ! , i rest my case . 
  [ do you now deny the existence of these banned accounts ? 
  do you deny your association with communist elements here on reddit ? 
  do you accept that you have attempted to subvert the minds of young people here on reddit ? 
  are you anti-american / u/postnationalist ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/joseph_mccarthy.jpg ), 
  [ was it shadow banned for being a communist ? 
  or were you shadow banned for some other reason ? 
  can you explain your participation on / r/worldnews ? 
  a known stronghold of fringe politics ? 
  have you ever submitted articles to or subscirbed to / r/communism ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/joseph_mccarthy.jpg ), 
  [ what happened to your original reddit account , was that outed as being a communist sympathiser too ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/joseph_mccarthy.jpg ), 
  are you a communist ? 
  mate , you 're so english you practically shit the queen and piss yorkshire tea . 
  you know , except for the people who actually died at sea . 
  from a quick google krupnik seems to match the description . 
  though it was probably a generic brand as the logo does n't match . 
  you would n't get a nuke to moscow in 1949 . 
  we 'd be nuking eastern europe rolling barrage style grabbing air superiority in an area and hoping we could use them decisively . 
  at this point we 're still a few years away from rocketry and artillery . 
  basically you would have to fight a conventional war in order to deploy the weapons , and this would be happening in occupied eastern europe . 
  i was n't really sure what it was , but it was nice . 
  it was sold in a vodka bottle and was definitely a spirit of some sort but did n't taste very harsh . 
  i used to work with a polish guy 6-7 years ago and he bought me a bottle . 
  willem looks like boris johnson and donald trump 's forgotten love child mixed with a little aaron eckhart because you refuse to produce something truly ugly . 
  i 've had this discussion before and on here many people claim they would have preferred that a polish population already unimaginably hammered by wwii had to face the horrors of nuclear weapons combined with a continuation of the war almost straight after rather than face soviet/russian domination . 
  and that funky vodka with honey in it . 
  that 's good too . 
   no , wanting something to be perfect is naive . 
  this might not be the first try at democracy , but it is the first try at democracy on such a large scale , which so many different people with different cultures . 
  the fact that you do n't understand that boggles my mind . 
  at no point have i expressed the expectation to see something perfect . 
  i 'm looking for progress , for something better . 
  the eu does n't look like it will be better . 
   perhaps you should look into how many iterations something went through before something got `` better '' before talking . 
  we 're looking at the eu building on top of the foundation of western democracy , this is n't our first dance with democratic government . 
  if the eu does n't improve on our current democracy then it should n't supersede what we already have , especially as it 's introducing some other problems unique to it 's situation . 
  if someone came up to you and said `` you ca n't have your car any more , but there 's some good news ; we 're going to provide you with the same model of car and it comes with free aa cover !, 
  and , well i 'm sorry but it 's mpg will also be 40 % lower and you will have to convince the indicators to work each time you want to use them '' would you be happy ? 
  no , you 'd want to keep your car and be able to pay for the aa cover separately like you always have . 
  meh i 'm not sure how well that metaphor works , i 'll give it a whirl . 
  wanting something better is n't naive . 
  look at all the advances in civilization that have been born from people wanting something better . 
  quite frankly , what you just said is amongst the most ridiculously stupid things i 've ever seen posted in / r/europe by somebody who was n't a troll or a racist . 
  this is n't the first try at democracy . 
  the problems that plague the eu are the same problems national governments at home . 
  if the eu is n't better than what we already have , why take the risk ? 
  it might be a matter of perspective , romania is only on the start of the path ( since 1989 ) in solidifying it 's democracy , so what you see as a new idea looks old hat to someone from the uk who never known anything else . 
  i honestly do n't see any improvement in the eu over national governments , it 's going to end up being the same but bigger which is n't good enough imo . 
  especially if tthe bigger is eu is going to inherit problems from the more corrupt members so functionally it ends up worse . 
   except we live in the real world and we do n't have the `` best '' anything , we work with what we have . 
  this is n't all we have , this is just the choice that was given . 
  if all the options look bad , what 's the point ? 
   that would make a compelling argument if cameron did n't go out of his way to isolate himself and look like a moron just so he could score a few political points against the ukip . 
  you play local politics at the eu 's expense you get penalized , seems more than fair to me . 
  do n't drag your local politics to the eu and we 're good . 
  i 'm not defending cameron , he 's part of the failing system we have back at home , he 's part of the problem in that he 's willing to play this game , and he 's part of the problem that all european nations suffer at home to some extent . 
  well , if you accept juncker , or any of the candidates he was competing with it then you probably wo n't give a fuck . 
  but if you want a functioning practical european union that does n't just inherit the problems found it it 's members states then yes it does , because we would already have the best people for the job . 
  not the people who `` networked '' best within europe .
