  a country geographically different to another country have contrasting economies , also a shocker . 
  apples and oranges . 
  edit : ok there are slightly more people in sweden than in london, 
  milkmen tend to be rarer than rocking horse shit these days though . 
  opening a fresh bottle to pour on my cereal as a kid was awesome . 
  the 3 % ( population of europe identifying themselves as muslim ) you cretin . 
  if 3 % of europe manages to overturn governments and create a european caliphate they deserve it . 
  your friend is a moron , and you 're a moron for buying into the bullshit . 
  you 're personally worried about 3.2 % of the population of europe `` taking over europe '' . 
  you 're either a troll ( likely ) or a fucking moron ( also likely ) . 
  now piss off , or grow some balls and come back on your main account to explain how a minority is `` taking over europe '' you fucking coward . 
  just to elaborate on this point . 
  if this sliver of knob cheese thought this thread was in any way a serious look into the `` threat '' of islam taking over europe he would have arrived here using his main account . 
  fuck him . 
  please fuck off . 
  that was more entertaining than it should have been for a grown adult , 
  considering i think you 're on of the people who whinges over piigs , laughing over the fact that people were mutilated as children seems a little stupid . 
  so in response i present this rebuttal : piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy, 
  no that 's a leap . 
  perhaps the desire for `` revenge '' is the reason he 's seeing justice . 
  he 's being sent to sweden to face charges . 
  this is not an extradition to the us to face wikileaks related charges , the man has been accused of rape . 
  i could just as leap to the conclusion that assange 's unwillingness to cooperate with the investigation means he 's probably guilty . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  i 'm not here to defend hypocrisy . 
  i do n't think it 's entirely the desire to make an example out of him , i think at this point the british government just want rid of the problem and the `` threat '' was a bluff they probably were not honestly considering and it 's backfired . 
  i do n't know if assange is guilty or not , but that should n't temper my opinion it 's for the swedish courts to decide . 
  we should have just revoked their embassy , there 's not much more damage we can do to our relations with south america . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but assange needs to go face the charges and ecuador should n't be using assange as a political asset . 
  i 'd be surprised if international conventions allow a nation to harbour suspects in their embassy 's . 
  the uk is obligated to extradite julian assange to face his charges , ecuador makes a mockery of embassy 's around the world by harbouring him . 
  if the uk wants to revoke their embassy status and take julian assange to fullfill it 's obligations it 's well within it 's rights . 
  no country that matters cares , i should clarify . 
  the uk should have taken assange by force weeks ago and shipped him off to sweden and washed our hands of it . 
  hyperbole . 
  the man 's being sent to sweden , not north korea . 
   international turmoil let 's be honest here it 's ecuador , nobody cares . 
  it 's embarrassing for the uk to have it 's law circumvented by a tiny little republic in south america . 
  a government being hypocritical ? 
  colour me surprised . 
  because justice needs to be served . 
  i do n't really see anything preventing foreign language submissions . 
  i 'd like to see more foreign language submissions with good translations or international versions like the spiegel publishes . 
  as for comments ; english is the language we all have in common , there 's no point splitting / r/europe . 
  that 's one of my favourite simpson 's quotes . 
  * wipes a solitary tear from his eye * thankyou < 3, 
  never !, 
  the french hate everyone equally , which is an admirable trait . 
  the english hate the french exclusively which allows us to focus and perfect our hate to a more refined level . 
  i 'm a little saddened to discover that this is n't entirely true :(, 
  it was n't especially meant to imply racism from the french or something there , i was just making the point that western democracy in recent times have found it too easy to step over peoples freedom . 
  i do n't really want to get into the merits/downsides of the ban it was my intent to just illustrate a point , and bash the french ( slightly ) . 
  they have plenty of levees we can look intimidating on . 
  i get the feeling i 'm going to become more and more absurd as this goes on :d, 
  ahh but the scotts being an intelligent , but stubborn people came round to our way of thinking . 
  the french are still french, 
  it does seem like we 're a rather forgetful bunch when it comes to war . 
  the town of berwick-upon-tweed was at war with the russian empire / ussr from 1853 until 1966 due a cock up with the paperwork . 
  it would n't surprise me if there were more ongoing wars that had never been officially ended . 
  i wo n't have a bad word said against the scotts . 
  they 're our brothers as are the welsh , together we forged the modern world , we share more between each other than is all together natural and there 's nothing more frightening to our opponents then the sight of an englishman , a scottsman and a welshman marching over the hill towards them . 
  with the french , well they 're french and we 're english . 
  if the camera 's are owned and operated by private citizens is it still authoritarianism ? 
   ( keeps scalp of empire 's first fallen domino over the fireplace ) confused me , i was thinking he was talking about the usa 's independence rather than the irish as the irish won independance far later than the usa . 
  must be my `` blind spot '', 
  if you 're talking about the usa then they 're just england 2 . 
  a sequel to the best selling movie of all time , everything bigger and louder and there 's more of everything . 
  unfortunately after the sequel the director came back and started adding digital effects and more explosions and changing important events like `` who shot first '' in england 1 . 
  ahh the french wanted `` union '' and to live with elizabeth ii as their head of state as late as 1956 . 
  no self respecting englishman would agree to that , it 's much better to know that they asked and to remind them of it repeatedly . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union ), 
   i think france has the stronger civilizational backbone though ... just watch how fast the uk is unraveling its enlightenment foundation of due process and individual freedoms , and sacrificing them for a cromwell-esque police state . 
  this got unexpectantly serious , france is facing the same issues the rest of western democracy is . 
  it was france who banned face veils . 
  ah but you see there is proof , and that 's the fact that both countries both maintain a nuclear deterrent . 
  if there was ever any danger of russia rolling over the iron curtain the usa would deal with it . 
  for what reason would france and the uk have nuclear weapons other than to maintain a deterrent against the other . 
  it 's a grand struggle , even grander than rome and carthage . 
  of course the french lost almost two centuries ago and we 're just waiting for them to understand that so we can stop fighting . 
  as an englishman i feel obliged to come in and mention that unless you 've waged war against your neighbours for at least a century you just have n't given it your best . 
  these wars are suspiciously short . 
  of course england and france are the best of friends now . 
  / keeps a longbow at home . 
   the importance is waneing though , and will continue to do so that 's my point . 
  i think you 're probably under estimating our importance in the world . 
  you do n't have to be a superpower to be important . 
  the problem is n't with people over estimating our importance to the world , it 's them underestimating just how quickly that importance is going to normalise . 
  because polarisation is a good thing !, 
  i 'd love to see the reasoning behind nigel farage . 
  [ link to the article in english ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/ten-politicians-who-worsen-the-euro-crisis-with-aggressive-rhetoric-a-848762.html ) `` nigel farage , leader of the uk independence party ( ukip ) and a member of the european parliament : he is the man who can cause an uproar in the otherwise dull european parliament , where he called the lisbon treaty `` the most spectacular , bureaucratic coup d'etat that the world had ever seen . '', 
  he has described european council president herman van rompuy as having the `` charisma of a damp rag . '', 
  his remarks have had the desired effect . 
  the ukip did well in recent local elections in england and prominent tories have defected to his party . 
  in the polls , ukip is just behind the liberal democrats who are part of britain 's coalition government . 
  as a result , farage is becoming an increasing problem for prime minister david cameron 's conservatives . '', 
  a man the speigel labels as dangerous because he 's not a europhille , unbelievable tosh . 
  teaching other subjects , i 'm not sure if any of the traditional subjects would benefit from more time spent but as i said above i 'd like to see some kind of personal finance education slipped in to fill the hole , along with other practical lessons that are not ( were not ? 
  left school in 2001 ) covered by the national curriculum . 
  both really , english is the language of business and if you want to learn another language to specialise then you 're free to do so . 
  as for other countries , it 's up to each individual nation to decide if teaching foreign languages is in a school child 's interest .
