  b ) i should have rephrased it to the dutch army , as that makes my point clearer . 
  the dutch government have already accepted responsibility for their failure . 
  the responsibility lies with the government and with the soldiers , this is n't just the squaddies on the ground , but everyone involved in the mission planning regarding both the rules of engagement and the logistics behind it . 
  i think i made it clear that this is n't just something to be laid at the feet of the dutch , we failed as a continent , and as a international group spanning the entire globe . 
  yes , a collective failure . 
  our failure to take action is embarrassing . 
  400 dutch soldiers were stationed there , it was meant to be a safe zone . 
  they did shit , absolute bugger all . 
  the un failed them , the dutch soldiers failed them we might not have pulled the trigger but our negligence was just as damaging . 
  meh it 's not that bad . 
  [ my potatoes bring all the micks to the yard ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/24/oliver_cromwell_by_samuel_cooper.jpg/493px-oliver_cromwell_by_samuel_cooper.jpg ) [ and they 're like `` that famine was hard '' ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/oliver_cromwell_by_robert_walker.jpg/483px-oliver_cromwell_by_robert_walker.jpg ) [ damn right , that famine was hard ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xtfihgq.jpg ) [ i could feed you , but you 'll have to starve . 
  time to bring back capital punishment and sharpen the guillotine ? 
   mr sarkozy 's supporters accuse the investigators of themselves being politically influenced - by the ruling left . 
  well usually politicians like to keep out of the last governments dirty business , in case it sets a precedent for when the other lot come back into power . 
  it 's a beautiful and rich experience , you can feel the love and effort put into every inch of that game . 
  i honestly ca n't think of another game within the past 6 or 7 years that manages to capture someone 's imagination so strongly and keeps itself separate from the grubby practices in the games industry . 
  it has/had a few problems , but it 's a great advertisement for the new post soviet poland . 
  i 've got no beef with the french and belgian soldiers who ensured the bef could evacuate , the entire continent owes them . 
  i just wanted to make merry and sarcastically lament that anyone should have to suffer the injustice of being born a belgian :(, 
  i thought it was the frenchies in the united kingdom of nl that wanted it ? 
  look , i 'm not passing the buck here but i 'm pretty sure that if you go back to the start of the whole endeavour you will be able to find a frenchman to pin it on . 
   he also joked that belgium was a `` pointless little country '' i wonder why belgium has such a rich history of being the country we english chose to insult out of everyone in europe when they expect the insult to be broadcasted . 
  that being said , belgium is a pointless little country . 
  this is for schools right ? 
  #lol  ~ ~ i am anarco-capitalist hate me faggots ~ ~ i am 16 hate me faggots, 
  what an inspiring reply , completely ignoring the practicality of what was written . 
  a ) i 'm pro a federalised eu , just not on a time-scale i think many here agree with b ) i do n't read the daily mail . 
  c ) if you want to come here and ask questions that 's fine , but there 's a fairly large spectrum of views here , and * i think * most of them would n't have too much of a problem with what i have written . 
  lol . 
  we 've earned it . 
   i do n't think the opinion of the british public is a particularly good reason . 
  literally the only reason that matters . 
  you ca n't integrate without the massive majority of willingness of the people , or it ends nasty . 
  and you ca n't share a currency without unprecedented integration without tears . 
  you 're saying something does n't matter , when it 's the only thing that does, 
  i keep my bourbons in my biscuit barrel , and the continentals will have to pry them from my cold dead chocolate stained hands . 
  oh really ? 
  tell me more . 
  ugh and now i feel silly for biting troll bait :(, 
  21 goals , 8 assists and being in the pfa team of the year in the best football league on the planet for the 2013/14 season says no . 
  i 'm not really sure why this is in / r/europe . 
  preparing for a trip to europe can be hard work but as an englishman i feel i can give you some basic pointers . 
  be loud , very loud the europeans are there to serve you , the liberation of europe means you have the right to be loud and drunk everywhere outside of the war grave sites . 
  europeans piss and shit into holes in the ground , so they do n't mind you pissing or shitting in the street 3 . 
  if you 're struggling to get your point across in english , say it again but louder and slower like you 're talking to an idiot . 
  most of the barmen speak english anyway so you do n't need to bother learning their dying languages . 
  if your feeling homesick , you might be able to soften the blow by heading to an english enclave . 
  benidorm , magaluf , malta etc were set up so british people would n't have to deal with johnny foreigner , americans will be welcomed as brothers and only slightly mocked . 
  learn who the good europeans are ; the french , spanish , italians , belgians , croatians , romanians , french , bulgarians , slovaks , czechs , greeks , germans , french , dutch , polish and the french are the bad ones . 
  everyone else is alright chances are that you wo n't even have to speak loud or slow to them . 
  if you find yourself in a bad country and frustrated while the world cup is on , hop into a pub and find someone to start a fight with , if you 're in a large group start a riot . 
  french targets are easier to pick on and the world cup will mean they 're easily identified . 
  there 's more , but i 'm sure someone else will chip in . 
  the uk 's nhs is under massive pressure constantly to perform well , this gives us the impression that it has been collapsing ( for at least as long as i been paying attention to the news,15-16 years or so ) but it also raises standards . 
  there 's a fine balance between giving the nhs a blank cheque and strangling it through lack of resources , but i think it 's much easier to achieve given the heavy scrutiny under which it exists day to day . 
  i 'm not sure how much attention other countries health services garner from the people , but i think in our case it 's an advantage , it honestly feels like we do n't go a week without some kind of report on nhs performance and the merits/negatives surrounding any potential reforms . 
  the best way we can improve the nhs as individuals is to take more responsibility for our own health , the strains all the smokers , alcohol abusers , drug abusers and obese / unfit people will put on it in the next few decades is insane . 
   what does this have to do with anything ? 
  the poisoning has to happen before someone drinks from it . 
  i made no statement about the merits of the top comment , just a correction on one point . 
  your follow up beyond the poisoning the well point was n't needed , it was n't anything to do with what i had written.you just waffle on because you have a bee in your bonet about something im not involved with . 
  if you want to argue about the insult take it up with whoever made it . 
  people read comments before reading the article ? 
  and if you followed me around and insulted me every time i said something i would find it hilariously funny . 
  i would turn it around and use it as yet more ammunition with which to mock the greeks because i 'd likely be 100x the cunt you could be . 
  regardless of any of that , any real discussion is happening elsewhere in the thread i just could n't walk by and let an opportunity to a dick go begging . 
  iatages is not rejecting any of his claims because he 's a champagne socialist , so no . 
  he 's just insulting him . 
  / u/jaykayau is a filthy criminal cunt from the arse end of nowhere = insult and a fact . 
  / u/jaykayau is a filthy criminal cunt from the arse end of nowhere , so when he 's talking about the correct method of raising a captured swann he ca n't possibly know what he 's talking about . 
  he even hangs around with a paedo . 
  easy to grow when you 're only two decades away from thinking the horse and cart was still a pretty neat idea . 
  you seem to have spent today complaining entirely about this singular entity known as the evil british media . 
  you should either broaden your horizons , or stick to / r/worldnews . 
  i 've never loved our yankie cousins more , disdain for the french is the mark of great character . 
  they threw away tea , the fucking savages !, 
  we did n't have any launch codes on ours , we did stick bike locks on them though , just in case . 
  we 're talking yanks , there 's no way they 're not going to be 1-7-7-6 . 
  you see a difference in wealth sure , but we 're not just talking raw wealth . 
  there 's already a divide in england between north and south . 
  and differences like this wo n't exist in a vacuum we have a whole other set of differences too , and these will get blown out of all proportion if the eu goes through a bad patch and some group feels like they 're getting the rough end of it . 
  the usa had a bloody war because of differences between the north and south , and the legacy of that continues today . 
  sure the war was about slavery , but perhaps there would n't have been a war if the north 's economy and the south economy resembled each other more . 
  but are the people in denmark happy to let people from every country in their lives ? 
  are they willing to see the transfer of wealth from their country , to poorer countries ? 
  because that 's what needs to happen , there needs to be parity in quality of life and wages , in the quality of social services and education , and the measures needed ca n't come without massive sacrifices from countries like denmark who will probably have to pay the price . 
  how will people in italy act when extreme measures are taken to combat their overwhelming corruption issues ? 
  who are they going to resent ? 
  when/if europe federalises , there needs to be close to 100 % acceptance so that the new european state can tackle issues that it never had the power to handle before . 
  he acts like everyone in but the uk the eu , ( and i 'm not talking politicians here , because to be frank they do n't matter ) wants to see a federal european superstate . 
  if you continue to push forward without the absolute support of the people it will lead to yet another european disaster . 
  i would n't be so bothered if the price paid for the disaster did n't involve the uk , but our fate is linked with the continent whether we like it or not . 
  please just go away , you 're boring . 
  if you want to spend time discussing the usa why do n't you participate in / r/usa or something . 
  he basically just comes to / r/europe to talk about the usa . 
  did you pick up any interesting and widely available reading material on that subject ? 
  i think irish jokes are going the way of the dodo i have n't heard any really since i was a kid . 
  i think father ted proved the irish are more than capable of taking the piss out of themselves , they 're good sports like that . 
   nd iran - which has n't invaded or occupied anyone in centuries is perceived as a negative influence ... hezbollah ? 
  and it 's easier to see the uk in a more positive light given it 's large cultural exports .
