  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkntztuwrtc ), 
  no , no more money for the eu . 
  not while it 's in this state . 
  i referring to the websites from the published press in other european countries . 
  i do n't think blogs will ever work in this subreddit . 
  it takes an astonishing amount of time to fact check etc where as with larger websites the `` fact checking '' is easier to crowd source due to their larger exposure . 
  looking at the front page of this subreddit there are only 2 news pieces from none british sources . 
  it 's a downside of the subreddit , but i would welcome european sources being posted with translations ( if they 're good ) . 
  this might help break down the atmosphere where news sources critical of the eu are ignored simply due to the submitters nationality . 
  i honestly have not seen many continental european sources aside from spiegel ( who have a very decent english website ), 
  i think you both got your wires crossed somewhere , it happens . 
  [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) has always been a place to argue / discuss and sometimes the expectation of having an argument clouds the actual conversation . 
  i personally blame the unicorns and fairys . 
  why do you think india has 7 % growth ? 
  it 's being built on the backs of ordinary workers , they 're following the same path all be it on a grander scale as our continent did over 100 years ago . 
  they 're industrialising , and that industrialisation is built upon the backs of the people working 80 hours weeks in terrible conditions . 
  india is n't a model for the future , it 's a glance at our past . 
  india shows that we should n't have moved so far away from industry to power our economys , but it 's in no means a model for success . 
  india and china would likely doing much much better if they were one homogeneous group with one language and one race . 
  the conditions in india would not be viewed as a success by european standards . 
   but the uk is definitely not leading in europe . 
  how would you even attempt to measure such a thing ? 
  would you like to clarify this ? 
  the two statements seem to contradict each other . 
  my apologies , an unconscious slip , we 're all guilty of them sometimes . 
  but as an adjustment to what i said , the uk 's policy was to remain `` neutral '' regarding the future of northern ireland , and that it would support whatever action the people in northern ireland would take regarding reunification etc. 
  the british government could n't very well interact with catholic republican groups when they did n't have the right to negotiate on behalf of the protestant unionists . 
  ( i 'm very much aware that the ruc cooperated with unionist paramilitary groups on occasion thus breaking the neutrality , but that was behind the scenes ), 
  that 's not very optimistic , i think [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) has demonstrated that a large amount of users here are able to argue/debate without discussion descending into a flame war . 
   stupid article . 
  death cult , american bullshit . 
  leaves out the most important catalyst for recruitment , and most importantly financing , of the ira - the bogside massacre ( bloody sunday ) , by the british army i do n't really feel it needs to mention bloody sunday , this is n't a peice designed to break down a history of the troubles , this is one man 's tale of his role as a `` spy '' and the brutality used by such spy 's sanctioned by the british intelligence agency 's . 
   the article goes on to glorify the brutish tactics of the british intelligence i do n't think the story was glorified . 
   when they never even tried to extend an olive branch , not legislatively or rhetorically , to the catholic movements you do n't negotiate with terrorists on their terms . 
   it 's a classic example of imperialist absolutist policy gone awry and is being repeated in israel , afghanistan and iraq today , and this is being taken as an example of success if the british were doing half as good a job as the british did in northern ireland in the late 80s and 90s there might actually be hope . 
  ( i suspect we 're going to disagree on this one )  but had the british learned from india , thousands of lives could have been saved i 'm not really sure to what you 're referring to here , do you mean the partition of india into india and east / west pakistan ? 
  that happened long after northern ireland was created . 
  i suspect i 'm missing something here sorry . 
  you have to remember this article is only telling one man 's experience of the troubles , a brutal experience that does n't paint either side in a good light . 
  i do n't think it 's feasible for every piece discussing the troubles to contain the massive amount of background information needed to have a appropriate knowledge to frame it in . 
  yes this would certainly help , what would be nice is if they want to keep teaching languages in schools is if they could pair up students and have them have a discussion in the language they want to learn . 
  do n't even set any rules for the chat , let them talk about whatever they want completely of the rails using a new language . 
  i guess that would be a nightmare to schedule properly though . 
  though to me even if the teaching of language was much better , it still would n't justify the costs of teaching something that 's still going to be used rarely . 
  there 's not much point for a native english speaker to learn other languages , that 's the issue here . 
  there should n't even be 5 hours dedicated to foreign language study , it 's not enough time dedicated to learn a language and what little we pick up in schools is n't much use . 
  those hours spent during a school week would be better of used for maths , science or judging by the state of our children more physical education . 
  let people who want to obtain the skills do it on there own time , but unless things have changed much since i left school , i do n't think many people are leaving with much more than a few phrases and some notable words/numbers memorised . 
  certainly not enough to justify the time/money spent on teaching it . 
  we 're surrounded , we 're waiting for reserves from the scottish highlands to come liberate us . 
  oh i 'm more than aware of that , and it is the best way to deal with these people . 
  but after reading the way he executed his victims it filled me with a rage that made me irrational , which is why i noted that i would n't be a good person to have control of justice . 
  seriously fuck this guy i ca n't think of a punishment that 's appropriate for someone like this . 
  a very large part of me wants acid to be poured over his face and in his ears , his vocal cords to be ripped out along with his tongue , his hands and feet cut off and have him kept alive by machinery for the rest of his life using his own mind as a prison . 
  there 's a very good argument towards me not being in charge of justice , just ca n't act rationally in the face of such hate . 
   again , not necessarily , and history is a poor argument when you realize that countries change and borders move . 
  our current configuration on the european continent is less than 100 years old . 
  it 's harder for british people to recognise this might be the case as our borders have not been close to as fluid as the mainland being pretty much stable for 400 years . 
  i think a lot of people here would be shocked to find out that germany as we know it has only existed for around 140 years and during that period has seen many many border changes . 
   it describes the music and food you listen to and consume and the jokes you find funny . 
   again , necessarily false in a free society . 
  that should probably be reworded to something like food / music you 're most likely to enjoy . 
  this will mean less and less over time as the movement of people within europe increases . 
  but hasnt reached a stage yet where it can be discounted . 
  if european nations were already a melting pot of different european cultures then the european project would n't be quite so hard to get going . 
  because london 's no longer the centre of the industrialised world , it 's neighbours are at least as stable as the uk . 
  we no longer have the massive advantages that allowed london to be a centre of finance for the entire world . 
  there 's not much reason for these company 's to move at the moment we do n't want to give them an extra prod . 
  as a jacobite , fuck you and your fruit coloured king !, 
  in all seriousness though , i do n't understand why the eu ca n't use it 's weight to push for a worldwide transaction tax , thus removing the issues that come up where companies just set up shop in hong kong / new york etc etc. 
  a historical legacy born of a time where there was no better place on the planet to be doing business . 
  physical location does n't matter as much now days . 
  i liked his `` fuck you i 'm an island '' cartoon from a few weeks ago , it actually made me laugh . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that was the intention though . 
  [ for the curious ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/q5bsm/the_uk_hates_everything/ ), 
  i think it stretches back to before then , but it certainly got nastier in places after that . 
  remember that as a community we can regulate shitty comments from both sides so that any genuinely worthwhile discussion reaches the top . 
  as long as both sides vote on the merit of a comment , rather than partisan grounds . 
  and that will only work is if the people willing to discuss/argue/debate make sure they encourage that by trying to stick to reddiquette . 
  anyway off on a wild tangent now regardless . 
  ( happens a lot when i post . ), 
  there 's a fair mix between europhile , euroscepticism and inbetweeners on this subreddit , which is one of it 's strengths . 
  so do you think news here should exclusively pander to europhiles and euro sceptics should find their own subreddit ? 
  i think that would be a shame , both subreddits would descend into circle jerks, 
   try to refrain from `` you 're just angry '' - argumentation . 
  especially if you 're trying to prove that no trolling is going on . 
  i will , should n't be directed at you rather than a more general scope of people . 
   that 's wrong . 
  opinions can be terribly provocative . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say regarding your example . 
  you likened this post ( factual piece ) to a hypothetical spiegel article ( an opinion piece ) posted to [ / r/unitedkingdom ] ( / r/unitedkingdom ), 
  you were using it to support an example that the same thing would happen on / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i challenged that by saying your example is n't the same as it 's an opinion piece , not fact so it 's not nearly as `` provocative '' . 
  you ca n't present an argument and then say it 's irrelevant when i shoot it down . 
  the article is n't inflamatory in any way , you 're just angry because a ) it 's a british piece related to a potential euro crash b ) the article suggests that the euro may collapse and this does n't fit your view . 
  god i hope not , i 'm just hoping eurozone members pull off something that settles this once and for all , i think the only thing worse than the uncertainty around greece is what would happen if the whole euro project collapsed . 
  have a look at the graph during the years of the great depression then . 
  you might not consider it comment worthy , but it 's news . 
  the comments i would expect to be here go something like this . 
  `` some polititians actually think there 's a chance the euro might colapse , that 's worrying '' `` i wonder if there 's a motivation behind their comments though , the uk is notoriously euroskeptic '' `` it was a bi-partisan group , besides the uk has nothing to gain should the euro collapse '' and this would go back and forth for a while perhaps with all sorts of interesting links , graphs and quotes and we would all come out a bit wiser .
