  i honestly ca n't believe you have the cheek to lie on the internet :(, 
  edited it to say colonys as was intended . 
  do n't really feel like replying to something that looks as if it came from `` my big book of smart replies vol i '' . 
  `` britain has to face up to the loss of empire and accept europe '' i really hate this line when it comes to discussing our roll in europe , it seems to suggest that we should weaken ties with our former colonys so we can integrate tighter into europe . 
  like remaining close with our closest allies automatically excludes us from europe and visa versa almost as if they 're mutually exclusive . 
  also images in articles that can not be enlarged to be viewed properly really , really annoy me . 
  i thought it was odd that our oldest allies would have an anthem that 's a call to arms against us . 
  turns out we screwed you over in africa , sorry old bean :(, 
  happens to the best of us :d, 
  that 's my point !, 
  sorry :( europe !, 
  quite so !, 
   i also demand that big ben be at least an inch higher up than the eiffel tower never has the eu been represented so well in a single sentence . 
  that 's not patriotism . 
  i 'm fucking glad i was born in the uk rather than ethiopia or sudan . 
  no pot is the same unfortunately . 
  careful !, 
  you hold -300 karma , you 're in debt to the entire population of reddit . 
  i suggest you run to / r/circlejerk and pay your debts with entertaining circlejerkery . 
  i 'm not feeding it , it 's been a while since txampion has managed to russle any jimmies on / r/europe . 
  are your jimmies rustled nonamerican ? 
  at least pakistani 's pay their debts !, 
  pay your debts txampion !, 
  i 'm going to be honest here and just come out and say that i do n't really feel like putting the effort in to answering your questions in a way that wo n't result in more pointless questions that switch the focus around . 
  yes because you 've just bitten on an irrelevant turn of phrase , you asked a question that was already answered in his first post . 
  but you do n't care just jumping on the little things like a nuance in language use . 
  if you had been paying attention since oh let 's say 1999 it 's been fairly obvious that the eu has been moving slowly towards full federalisation . 
  but again , you already know this and are against this and you 're just being an arse again . 
  you 're just pouncing on these little things like a daily mail headline and it 's rather silly . 
  plenty of really good euroskeptic posters on here who are not resorting to this . 
  you 're over analysing his language . 
  if the european project is to reach it 's final goal `` spending parisian taxpayers ' money in vienna is as natural as spending it in marseilles , bordeaux '' has got to be acceptable to the population of the member states . 
  if it was n't for britain fighting against the `` tobin tax '' ( new rules set for all eu members not just those inside the eurozone ) i 'm sure the struggling nations would be perfectly fine . 
  in turn we 're going to slap an export tax on manufactured goods , disband the common agricultural policy and ban the growing of olives and the production of wine , and in a final blow to the dutch economy shut the port at rotterdam . 
  the revenues from this will help support the uk who are suffering very badly as bankers flee the city of london . 
  if you do n't go into bigotry i 'll assume numbers . 
  *** shakes fist ***, 
  bigotry !, 
  i did n't say superpower , there 's only one superpower and that 's the usa . 
  now unless that shelf only has space for one nation the uk and france sit on that top shelf . 
  britain and france remain `` top shelf '' nations . 
  both have a seat on the un security council . 
  both maintain a nuclear deterrent 3 . 
  both have modern well equipped military 's 4 . 
  both have a large sphere of influence with former colonys 5 . 
  both have strong economy 's 6 . 
  they 're 2 of the biggest nations in one of the wealthiest areas of the planet . 
  this is what happened with northern rock here in the uk , and it was sold afterwards ( for better or for worse ) [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_rock ), 
  building anything on a grand scale becomes much much more difficult on a small and crowded island . 
  that 's a survival strategy , one that pretty much died at the end of the first world war . 
  yes it 's part of the anglo-sphere conspiracy to destroy europe . 
  if there 's anything that britain needs for prosperity it 's the continent being at each others necks . 
  how about instead of worrying about what british people think about europe and how we 're `` sabotaging the grand european project '' you take your time to understand that the british experience with europe since the uk was formed is n't the same as most large nations on the continent and this has had an effect on the british people . 
  it 's much easier to bury your head in the sand and ignore european problems and blame a nation outside the eurozone for it 's problems though i guess . 
  greece would be perfectly fine if it was n't for those nasty brits keeping them down , there are no problems with greeks or greece . 
  get over yourself , this is your mess . 
  the british did n't join the euro , we had our scare when we were forced outside the erm . 
  continue living in your little fantasy land if it makes you feel better , under no circumstances should you hold your politicians or population to account . 
  not `` exactly '' no . 
  they appear to be missing my particular area of england where we get just over 1000 hours . 
  it does sound very german though . 
  i fucking knew it , hitler did build a moon base . 
  comprehensive evidence . 
  crossposted to / r/conspiracy . 
  they have the right to choose , but i would rather they stay . 
  the uk has had an incredibly good 300 years , i do n't believe breaking it up will be in our interests long term . 
  nobody 's going to argue with a viking , so you 're correct . 
  wait , what ? 
  * looks up * ahh txampion, 
  foreign language education is n't seen as all that useful for the majority of students . 
  and it is n't . 
  dropping foreign language classes and adding extra maths / science or english or something more practical like personal finance is something i would support . 
  and again during suez in 1956 , when the british prime minister refused france went on to create the ecc with germany and the rest as we say is history . 
  how are the judges appointed ? 
  i was completely ignorant to this , wow . 
  how do these countries ensure that a trial is fair then ? 
  the uk and france are world powers , both nations sit on the un security council giving them veto 's , both nations have nuclear weapons , both nations have the ability to project force anywhere on the planet and both nations have huge economy 's . 
  there are other world powers , us ( superpower ) , russia , china and there are up and coming powers like brazil and india . 
  adding a british flag to support this insult . 
  after all this is what europe 's about !, 
  i 'm afraid that 's not how it works . 
  if the research is easy to do why have n't you done it ? 
  take your time and do the research there are plenty of people here who would genuinely like to look at what you find and put it through an informal peer review process . 
  the results would be interesting . 
  more interesting to see is where the articles that can be fact checked as being misleading come from . 
  there 's a lot of work involved in this though , and i suspect you would rather spend your time pulling numbers from your arse and shouting your opinions in the direction of anyone who happens to stumble upon your submission . 
  careful !, 
  i would like to see your research . 
   but that 's the thing , they did n't really prevent ethnic cleansing . 
  look at the demographic of kosovo before the war vs. after the war . 
  with the exception of the north part there are virtually no serbs living there anymore . 
  there are so many displaced people from kosovo living in any given part of serbia today you would n't believe . 
  what i 'm saying is that while the bombing efforts kept serbia 's military pinned down , the kla was given free reign to burn down villages , kill civilians and make everyone flee from their homes . 
  i 'm pretty sure the serbian military would have done the same things if they 'd not been pinned down , but they did n't really prevent ethnic cleansing if they were only stopping one side , did they ? 
   nato however got a pretty good deal out of it - the largest nato base in the balkans today is situated in kosovo , which has a pretty good strategic position , considering it 's on a relatively narrow straight between central europe and the middle east . 
  we could have done better no doubt , but was this nato 's fault ? 
  i do n't think that the mistakes that happened in both kosovo and bosnia and the entire way the breakup of yugoslavia would have been handled better with some over arching un force . 
  yes we failed serbian civilians in kosovo after the war , but we could n't allow the state of serbia to continue acting the way it was . 
   the people involved in nato are nato . 
  what do you judge an organisation by if not by the nature of it 's operations .
