  15:20 - democracy via gunpoint . 
  accuses the eu of stopping national governments of power by any means necessary . 
  erase identities of every nation , so they can not govern themselves , so that they depend entirely on the eu for taxation , defence , laws , economy and immigration . 
  pan american union is different ( but why ? ), 
  pan american union does n't screw with your daily lives , because they do n't talk about it , it must not be intrusive , on the other side because we talk about the eu it must be intrusive . 
  effects our daily lives . 
  evil press again demonising people who want to put their nation first and protect it . 
  16:50 - winds of change and a small clip of a nigel farage joking about one of his ukip 's members casually racist `` bongo bongo land '' statement . 
  all in all i would rate this video 1.5 / 10 , i awarded 2 points for not featuring the song by drowning pool `` let the bodies hit the floor '' but the lack of a complimentary 360 no-scope dropped it down to 1.5 if you 're looking for a defence of ukip/nf etc positions on europe this is n't the place to look , if you 're looking for more information about the rise of euroscepticism in europe this is n't the place . 
  this youtuber has very little awareness of the politics surrounding the eu and he should probably stick to doing videos about computer games and the evil social justice queens of tumblr . 
  score revised to 1.0 for having 2 hours of content on his channel about the daft shit said on tumblr and for luring me into typing this bollocks . 
  it 's simple they just need to keep tabs on every mode of communication and every communication then they have a chance to catch this stuff before it happens . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ case . 
  agreed , we 're not savages . 
  you have my sympathy for having to enter bradford , the others driving 2cv 's into bradford have my utter disbelief at the horrid situation they find themselves in . 
  given the surrounding geography i ca n't imagine a worse car to be driving anyway , a family friend had a 2cv and it 'd probably be faster to walk if you were heading anywhere uphill . 
   i work in bradford . 
  you have my deepest sympathy , no one should have to enter bradford , especially not while driving a 2cv . 
  they did n't seem to care too much about noraid . 
  if the monument commemorates the people who died in the war then it should n't be used to criticize the politics that followed their deaths especially as the people who died fighting in that war had nothing to do with what happened afterwards . 
  after all the horror the men and women on the eastern front faced the least we could do is not vandalize a statue commissioned in their honour . 
  maggie is a fine woman . 
  lighten up ~ ~ francis ~ ~ pedro . 
  to be fair he 's not the only ~ ~ gypsy ~ ~ romanian bearing a grudge against british people in this subreddit . 
  that silliness with the new year `` opening of the floodgates '' seems to have bred a lot of silliness their side too . 
  lol, 
  well if that government source is accurate and they did pick up the call by accident then i ca n't see any other conclusion to reach other than the german government conducting blanket surveillance indiscriminately . 
  it does n't excuse other surveillance run by the usa or uk . 
  but it will be nice to see a reaction from germans because i get the feeling that they 're largely as apathetic as the british , and it 's only a bigger issue there because it was n't them doing the saying . 
  just to clarify my position if it 's needed , i 'm against spying on private citizens , i 've no issue with spying on the german government or any other government . 
  well if this phone call was `` accidentally '' recorded , it suggests blanket indiscriminate surveillance . 
  i 'd perhaps consider that before acting butt-hurt about invading yanks . 
  how the government is held to account by the german people will show the world just how much they really care about the blanket surveillance now people who are accountable to them have been shown conducting it . 
  yeah it 's not as if paris has been home to a world icon before ... one that towers above it 's surroundings ... one of the world most recognisable constructions . 
  i was starting to worry about our old fiend belgium . 
  lavato chris waddle beuno . 
  nono spertos . 
  quality over quantity , 
   and would have a major impact on the prospects for peace and development in north africa and the middle east or the pessimistic view where because we 're even closer to them , we find ourselves drawn more and more into their petty bullshit . 
  not saying either is certain to happen , but there is risk involved . 
  you 're muscling in on our gig , we provide europe 's most obnoxious tourists . 
  that 's optimistic . 
  the indigenous people would probably be either all dead , or living in reservations . 
  without european contact we 'd be part of a french or spanish speaking north america . 
  ** * shudder * ** . 
  our neighbors , 
  fuck right off with that , you 're not going to ruin the onion knight for me by associating him with that pompous pandering tosspot . 
  i 'm not being funny , but you 're only deploying 4000 or less troops in all operations since desert storm . 
  the uk sent 45,000 troops to iraq . 
  as for not working alone , well no , we 're all part of nato . 
  i just do n't see any evidence that puts france 's ability to deploy troops as being better than the uk 's . 
  it 's probably coming off as a bit of a pissing match , and i do n't mean it like that but you 're acting like the french have carried out a big operation on their own and well they have n't carried out any big operation , your last large deployment was desert storm where you sent 19,000 troops . 
  neither france or the uk have the ability to deploy that many troops on their own now days , we deployed 7000 troops in the falklands , but that was 34 years ago and our capability has shrunk since then . 
  ( as has yours i 'd imagine ), 
  france could n't fulfill it 's obligations in mali without aid from allies . 
  and well , the british army has spent a decade in the middle east and actually fought there for a prolonged period . 
  so i 'm not really sure in how france qualifies as the only army able to operate abroad . 
  rule britannia , britannia rules the air-waves . 
  yeah , i still mourn thatchers death . 
  i 'd hate to be reminded that she 's left us . 
  ( thank you by the way ), 
  i 'll expect to see a / u/pladmir _ vutin post confirming it within the next 20 minutes . 
  ahh the good old years when we would host a world cup in a country capable of hosting it . 
  nothing says peace like a blessed ak-74, 
  there were 3 german bombers in the air , oh there were 3 german bombers in the air oh there were 3 german bombers 3 german bombers 3 german bombers in the air and the raf from england shot one down and the raf from england shot one down and the raf from england the raf from england raf from england raf from england shot one down there were 2 german bombers in the air ... 
  3 lions on a shirtttttttttt jules renay still glemin !, 
  you 're the kind of person who inspires posts on / r/britishproblems . 
  i can tell . 
  two world wars and one world cup dooo dahhh dooo dahhhh . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's hilarious , are you sure you did n't peel that from the german version of `` the increasingly poor decisions of todd margaret '' ? 
  that actually makes sense with a bit of context surrounding it . 
  not the british or russians , unless it 's been fixed . 
  are gypsies and roma two different groups ? 
  gypsy is generally regarded as not very politically correct and a bit offensive . 
  i dont really think we have very many real gypsys , we have irish travelers instead . 
  keep out of it johnny foreigner , we british can handle our own affairs without meddling european bureaucrats !, 
  winning wars they started ? 
  christ i hope this develops in to the shit storm of our age and gets that paper shut down . 
  this is so mind bogglingly stupid , even for that shitty rag i had to check it was real . 
  oooh fuck right off ... 
  gib gold pls, 
  now it 's something along the lines of `` i do n't mind the polish , they 're hard working and they fit in , but these gypsies are always up to no good '', 
  because they have nothing to gain from it going badly . 
  unless you can suggest a reason otherwise . 
  and badly as in the people there being put at risk or dying , rather than the outcome not being what they want . 
  that 's a negative spin on it . 
  there 's little desire at any point in time that the uk joins a federalised eu , regardless of whether it succeeds or fails . 
  edit for clarity . 
  depends on how well the rebel forces are commanded , russia will want the investigation to go off with as few serious hitches as possible and that will filter down all being well . 
  the sas will be there in a reactive roll rather than a preventative , no one wants hostages to be taken , but if they are they want to resolve it quickly . 
  here 's how the australian meda is reporting it : [ link ] ( http://www.news.com.au/travel/travel-updates/mh17-security-experts-have-fears-for-australian-federal-police-if-sent-to-ukraine/story-fnizu68q-1227000622521 ) it looks like they 're just there to act as protection for the teams involved . 
  it 's not a desert storm scenario where the australian sas will prowl the ukrainian countryside looking to take out these bak launchers like british special forces did with the scud launchers . 
  if anything , the last 200 years are evidence of an overwhelming english victory . 
  we lost the battle but won the war !, 
  and pork . 
  very rich in pork . 
  mind bogglingly wealthy when it comes to pork . 
  god i love denmark . 
  i watched a tv program the other night , and they had a segment on danish pork producers and you have taken the art of mass producing our bacon to the next level . 
  because the great thing about sport is that it can bring people together despite how their governments act .
