i love folk tales and lore !, 
  i live in a pretty isolated small village in sweden , surrounded by forests , lakes and mountains so it was a cool place to grow up in , many people in this area , ( pretty much the old people ) often believe in different creatures and told stories about them , i remember a old lady telling a group of kids that she had met `` gruvfrun '' / which is a being who lives in the mountain , in mines and guards it and sometimes punish miners if they are rude and disrespect the mine , if you show respect she can help people find stuff and show lost miners out of the mine . 
  the same goes with other scandinavian folk lore creatures , mostly it is about respecting the nature, 
  the politicians yes , the average swede , nope . 
  and of course the attitude are not the same all over the country , and sd ( the political party whose main focus is to reduce immigration seems to be bigger than ever now , just as i said , there are over 9 million people here , we are not a huge hivemind , some are political correct , some are not , some dont care . 
  most swedes i see on the internet for an example tend to be anti immigration, 
  from what i heard sd is now bigger than ever becouse of the migrant crisis, 
  thank you !, 
  finally someone who can think for themself instead of just listening to biased articles . 
  its hilarious to read what some people here think of sweden, 
  nothing is wrong with swedish people , dont judge a entire land and its people based on retarded news you hear, 
  they should move on to russia, 
  i like cold and boring, 
  same on the swedish, 
  sweden , norway , denmark , iceland, 
  send them to russia, 
  fuck you, 
  hey denmark !, 
  we help you get norway and you help us get finland ? 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  its really common in all of europe , if any swede would believe in a conspiracy its probably this, 
  we believe the same thing but we believe its run by the danes, 
  you are being overdramatic , and its funny that people believe you , i do agree that we have a problem with political correctness and media being crazy , but you talk like its a fact and entire sweden is like this, 
  you dont know how sweden works do you ? 
  everything is so simple right ? 
  thats just them and not all swedes . 
  also it depends from where you are from in sweden i live up north and i rarely see these problems bur yeah im aware of it . 
  and then we have alot of overdramatic people like on internet who get this image of sweden and swedes of internet, 
  it is what everyone on reddit and internet does . 
  som dont even read the article and just the title, 
  putin is kinda gay, 
  thank you . 
  excellent post !, 
  i always get annoyed with all butthurt americans crying how they fear america will become like sweden !, 
  but guess what . 
  we fear that we have become more and more like you . 
  yes thats right . 
  i am tired of this circlejerk and overpatriotic things . 
  as much problems sweden has i am still glad i live in sweden over america . 
  and yes i think its safer , at least where i live . 
  you judge us based by attacks and ghettos do you know what ? 
  we do exactly the same thing as you and i am sick of sweden being more americanified especially when american stuff does not work well here . 
  it does not even work well in america, 
  how dare you say that !, 
  america is perfect in every way and is nothing like the multicultural warzone that is europe !!!!!!, 
  i am so glad america is a safe place without corrupt politicians and media / s, 
  nothing annoys me as americans who wants to be better no matter what , even if facts are throw into their faces . 
  you know what we say here ? 
  we say oh crap sweden is becoming more like america or at least we are not america yet . 
  sweden is still a safe country compared to america . 
  how suprising youtube comments being toxic and ignorant, 
  why ? 
  i think its awesome to learn more especially scandinavian languages . 
  what ? 
  havent heard about this . 
  source ? 
  i know we have changed and will change alot but not to sure about that, 
  fuck you dude . 
  and you know sweden has changed the last couple of months and will change in the coming months ? 
  only stupid people think that, 
  recent polls show that the support of current government is lower then ever and i see a change in the government happening . 
  and sweden has changed the last couple of months and will keep changing . 
  the politicians today do not listen to the people what we the swedes want . 
  and you act as sweden is in a civil war . 
  stop live in your internet created fantasy . 
  and i have no involvement in shitty stuff happening . 
  i havent even been able to vote yet . 
  i love our north germanic languages yes even you danish . 
  you have your charm !, 
  even if i have a hard time to understand danish i try my best when i speak to danes . 
  well as a northern swede i at least have a hard time to understand you while others on scania may understand you and even know how to speak danish . 
  norwegian got to be the non swedish language i love and understand the most . 
  like us swedes they have alot of funny accents some may be harder to understand then the other but still understand most of norwegian . 
  to be honest i wish all scandinavians should speak norwegian and then we have the epic language icelandic !, 
  which is pretty close to the language our forefathers spoke . 
  it sound both beautiful and epic and i hope to learn it one day . 
  it is funny how i as a scandinavian can understand many phrases icelanders use . 
  i think its really cool they kept that language . 
  we have some accents in sweden that could pretty much be considered their own language like the elfdalian . 
  and then we have faroese language . 
  its really cool and it sound like some swedefied/norwegian icelandic . 
  and g\u00f8tdansk is awesome as well * ( you danes should speak g\u00f8tdansk instead hehe ), 
  if you only listens to shit posts on the internet and media yeah sure it sound horrible . 
  but am entire country and its people should not be judged by the media . 
  if you do that you are really ignorant . 
  sweden has its problems but i rather live here then anywhere else in the world . 
  would move to norway or denmark if i had too . 
  we still in my opinions are one of the greatest and safest country for now . 
  you are being overdramatic and probably are brainwashed by the media, 
  now you know how it feels to be a swede on the internet . 
  everywhere you go you are followed by retarded memes, 
  lol swedish sound weird?and you are talking about finns . 
  please . 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  sweden is not popular to like these days . 
  i still think much of the stuff about sweden is either rmisleading or overdramatic . 
  we have problems but its still a great country . 
  people judge too easily , i dont judge whole america because of its ghettos and shit . 
  you should build a wall on the russian border instead . 
  no reason to ignore sweden .
