  the swedish people love denmark and norway, 
  i do and i think most scandinavians do . 
  and i hate when we fight among eachother . 
  i think thats the case for most of us scandinavians, 
  i think i am patriotic but i dont let it blind me . 
  but yeah u often get offended easily when people talk shit about my land but sometimes i laugh about their view of my land and every person in it . 
  i realise they are making fun of the government and the politics and not at the land and its people . 
  but its still annoying as hell when every time there is a thread about my land its about its problems and not good things like our culture history and nature . 
  i love our nature , people , history and culture . 
  not just as a swede but as a scandinavian . 
  i always laugh at all the stupid stuff people come up with against us scandinavians . 
  the comments on those videos gave me cancer . 
  i agree . 
  glad to see something like this instead of the usual horrible news and politics, 
  as a swede i understand g\u00f8tdansk better than dansk, 
  i dont deny the truth i am just saying as a swede i find captain sweden retarded and not funny at all, 
  disgusting piece of shit . 
  fucked up to see how many people find that shit funny . 
  sad to hear people got retarded sense of humor, 
  i see more and more people getting sick of things like this, 
  and more and more people go to alternative media, 
  no we dont . 
  there is reason why the government and the extremly nisses media is getting less and less support . 
  man swedes today and then wished more would be done but lets not forget this 8,000 swedes voluntarily went to finland to fight . 
  the swedish government and public also sent food , clothing , medicine , weapons and ammunition to aid the finns during this conflict . 
  this military aid included : [ 15 ] 135,402 rifles , 347 machine guns , 450 light machine guns with 50,013,300 rounds of small arms ammunition ; 144 field guns , 100 anti-aircraft guns and 92anti-armor guns with 301,846 shells ; 300 sea mines and 500 depth charges17 fighter aircraft , 5 light bombers , 1 dc-2transport aircraft turned into bomber , and 3 reconnaissance aircraft . 
  twelve of sweden 's most modern fighter aircraft , british gloster gladiators , were flown by volunteer swedish pilots under finnish insignias . 
  [ 16 ] these aircraft constituted one third of sweden 's fighter force at the time . 
  in addition , sweden received some 70,000 finnish children who were sent to sweden to find safety during the 1940s, 
  thank you . 
  but some people on internet actually believe that all swedes think like our most retarded politicians even if their support gets lower and lower . 
  but this isnt talked about alot becouse people are too focused on jumping on the bandwagon and being overdramatic, 
  go troll somewhere else idiot , you know nothing , you are brainwashed by bullshit . 
  your arguments doesnt make sense, 
  you are a sick person who would enjoy that , you coward , whats wrong with you ? 
  you seriously hope for that ? 
  you talk to me like its my fault , i am not a politician , its sickening to see that on reddit people upvotes everyone who hopes sweden goes to shit , you sick fucks, 
  i am not blind and i am shocked to see this happening but i am just tired of people talking shit about something they dont know much about , its insane how people in power here dont do more to prevent these things i agree . 
  but appearantly if i try to deny peoples overdramatic america v2 ghetto view of sweden people blame me for the problems . 
  are you insane ? 
  why do you assume just becouse i am swedish i support all shit happening ? 
  fuck you , you know nothing about me you ignorant shit , tell that to the politicians and not people like me , i am not responsible for any of all things happening, 
  yes they are spineless for not doing enough to stop extremists but hoping for a country to just go to shit is cowardly as well and its disgusting to see people here wanting ordinary swedes suffer more just becouse of their leaders . 
  i am not the swedish politicians , and that was a debate here and people are freaked out about that , the average swede think thats insane , i dont deny the problems . 
  but to hope one country goes to shit and just giving up is just cowardly and its sad to hear that from a finn . 
  only in certain hipster parts of stockholm, 
  no it isnt , its funny that people online seriously believe that, 
  what makes you think this is what swedes want ? 
  thats a very spineless attitude you have there, 
  you are a sick fuck, 
  you know nothing what the average swede is like , we are not a hivemind, 
  you cant seriously believe that , people here really are overdramatic , here people talk about being pc brainwashed but i think many people here get so fed up by the myth that sweden is america v2 ghettopocalypse that they become brainwashed . 
  lol , you as an american think you know what most swedes are like , thats funny, 
  maybe he mean that ireland got more ginger people than scandinavia , they tend to be more pale, 
  as a swede norway is the nordic country ( other than sweden ) i feel most connected too, 
  favourite neigbour : norway least favourite neighbour finland, 
  disgusting too see this hate against sweden by other scandinavians . . finlands sak \u00e4r v\u00e5r, 
  dont blame everything on sweden, 
  a swede, 
  gay ? 
  lol many people here say the same about finland ( they bring up saunas and people whipping eachother ) but yes , we have that stereotype to stockholm, 
  its hilarious what people think of the nordic countrys these days, 
  snowbacks, 
  if thats the only thing you have to say on a pic of sweden then get the fuck out with your pathetic bullshit, 
  when a finn calls a swede gay i respond isnt it your culture that is based on sweaty men in a hot room whipping eachother ? 
  pekka is in denial, 
  try being swedish . 
  wherever you go if someone mentions or post a video about swedish history or culture or anything related to sweden people post retarded memes and talk about their fucked up fetishes . 
  internet is toxic , i dont think it will change anytime soon, 
  i know how you feel , people cant look past media which is sad . 
  people assume i support multiculturalism or is to blame for shit happening in sweden . 
  i always liked citys in denmark . 
  but prefer nature in sweden and norway, 
  i prefer life in small citys villages and out in the nature, 
  no idea . 
  many swedish politicians and journalists have imported alot of crazy american trends such as white guilt and more and even try to make everyone `` swedish '' the way everyone in america is american . 
  meanwhile americans laugh at us and dont realise where we got the political correctness from . 
  a dane is a white scandinavian, 
  benjamin franklin spews out bullshit, 
  us scandinavians have lived in northern europe for thousands of years . 
  if that is not native then you are insane . 
  we also have the sami which are native to lapland, 
  europe is not america and should not try to be . 
  sadly alot of politicians here try to hard to make it more like america, 
  i dont understand why so many europan politicians and journalist are so wannabe america . 
  just to be modern ? 
  wtf, 
  the word racist is overused and has lost its meaning . 
  we are . 
  the latest polls show that the support of the government is really low and one of the political partys would be thrown out of the government if it was election today and sd is becoming more and more popular . 
  the next election i think they will be in the government, 
  well ... america is mixed so yeah i guess, 
  recent polls shows that the support for them have never been as low , if it were election today they would be thrown out of the government . 
  they are one of the least liked group for obvious reasons . 
  recent polls show that her party got such low support that if it was election today they would be thrown out of the government, 
  swedish leftists consider everyone to be racist . 
  people dont take them serious anymore, 
  europeans should stop looking at america as an rolemodel and trying to be like them . 
  diversity causes change and most people dont want change in their traditions and culture, 
  both have alot of snow and are great countrys !,
