  finland may not have norse myths but still unique seriously here in sweden you can find runestones and remnants of ancient days everywhere . 
  norway or denmark, 
  people on internet think scandinavia is a shithole . 
  to be fair if this poll was about sweden i would choose scandinavian countrys first then probably uk, 
  i dont get it, 
  people blame the whole population of countrys always based on their media or government, 
  people talk way much shit about sweden and europe in general when in fact sweden and other scandinavian countrys are still safest countrys in the world no matter what the pathetic 4chan circlejerk says . 
  but yeah foreigners of muslim background in sweden are the ones who is behind most rapes . 
  everybody knows that, 
  crazy feminist and political correctness and taking american terms and think it will work here, 
  it is true meanwhile americans think thank god we are not like sweden but what you fail to realise is how much like america sweden has become, 
  everything filthy that comes out from r/the _ donald and 4chan about sweden . 
  if sweden is a turd then finland is a son of a turd, 
  norway is the scotland of scandinavia denmark ireland and sweden england, 
  i dont think being stronk means lower life expectancy, 
  speak for yourself . 
  most of sweden is safe and do not look like malm\u00f6 . 
  where i live pretty much nothing happens but i guess the negative stuff is the stuff you hear most about which is well good bit people fail to see past the twisted image . 
  its like thinking america is all like detroit, 
  every nordic country is still better than most to live in, 
  finland got no reason to hate sweden , dont know why its so popular, 
  haha seriously ? 
  why would the language by english if there was a nordic union ? 
  you are trying to force us into becoming even more like america which our politicians has already done . 
  to say we lack culture is just retarded , sweden is an old country full of culture and history , we have runestones and burial mounds everywhere which is 1000s years old and many even older than that . 
  also i stay with having scandinavian values instead of trying to be `` modern '' because being `` modern '' isnt something positive to me, 
  i think it is a wet dream for alot of us scandinavians to form an union . 
  i read somewhere the idea of an union is popular among the people, 
  well this is not made by someone from reddit or 4chan i think . 
  those jokes are getting old, 
  sweden is still one of the whitest countrys, 
  looks like your beloved eastern europe isnt as white as the islamic nation of sweden, 
  america is perfect in every way compared to any european country and stats lie and are propaganda/s, 
  people let media think for them , its like some europeans thinking america is a warzone based on what they see on media and sadly people dont bother to look beyond media about anything, 
  the swedish media is not the average swedish person also they call swedes racist too . 
  the support of our media is now at its lowest %, 
  shut the hell up with your bullshit, 
  same here in sweden . 
  not the politicians but the people, 
  its funny how you only hear shitty news from sweden . 
  sweden has stricter control and want less immigration now . 
  the people has wanted less immigration for a long time , swedes are not like you believe they are, 
  you would be suprise how many swedes hate our politicians the media and wishes we would be more like denmark . 
  stuff has happened . 
  but yeah people assume we will have the same politicians in power for 30 more years, 
  lol you dont know anything about swedes only people too brainwashed or in deep denial think like that , the people do not like our politicians and media, 
  sweden has already and will probably change more . 
  the only thing people talk about is immigration and the stupid politicians have the lowest support ever, 
  exactly . 
  media and propaganda is powerful . 
  dont judge a entire country and its people based on what you hear or see . 
  do some research and even visit the country, 
  well being `` swedish '' wasnt really a thing back then but yes but sweden has alot of runestones that mentions raids on england but scandinavians back then was mostly known as danes even if they werent from what is modern senare . 
  but yes alot of vikings from what is sweden today went east, 
  everyone knows that people should trust retarded memes from 4chan instead of doing research or see beyond media . 
  propaganda is a powerfull tool . 
  people should look beyond media and do research or even visit the country before judging it . 
  entire sweden isnt some shithole ghetto and you dont have to like swedens politics to like the country . 
  many swedes laugh at the stupid politics too, 
  media and stereotypes are powerfull tools . 
  just because you are from x country you must agree and support everything your leaders does, 
  finally someone gets deported like they deserve . 
  if you come here and commit crimes you have nothing to do here, 
  hey !, 
  you ignorant bigot nazi racist !, 
  that is their job !, 
  the people are talking, 
  the people are talking, 
  i agree !, 
  lets do it br\u00f6der !, 
  i knew you were gay finland . 
  your obsession over calling swedes gay made it too obvious, 
  yeah i agree but i think the scandinavian circle jerk from both sides are annoying, 
  they are too political correct , simple as that . 
  so people look for alternativ media instead which also is biased but they are at least speaking about the problems the mainstream media refuses to admit is true, 
  swedish media is horrible which is why it got really low opinion from the people right now . 
  people are tired of biased mainstream media . 
  well done denmark btw, 
  200 % to be shot, 
  exactly , we have become like a mini us . 
  i say the same thing to americans . 
  you do not live here, 
  but people tell me whites are an minority in sweden ? 
  that is true . 
  so why wont you admit the same thing is happening in sweden ? 
  the vast majority of sweden is not malm\u00f6, 
  people have bashed sweden for awhile now , mostly lowlives from 4chan but the cancer spreads quickly . 
  if you mention you are from sweden on the internet you will probably get comments like lol fkn cuckd !, 
  lol sven how does it feel to have your women raped ? 
  or lol sweden is my fav islamic state !, 
  it isnt even funny , i am one of the swedes that does think we got alot of problems but i do not makes retarded jokes about rape etc. 
  its that capital smug syndrome, 
  we are not . 
  which is why the media and government is losing power, 
  dude you dont know shit , not every part of sweden looks like this . 
  where i live there is pretty much no muslims . 
  it is the shitty suburbs and large citys, 
  we are getting rid of the retarded government , polls show the support for swedish media and government is really low . 
  meanwhile swedendemocrats is getting more and more popular , the average swede is tired of the retards in charge, 
  how dare you say that about the proud and mighty america ?
