  i know we get alot of hhate here but the politicians are not the people . 
  sadly seems like alot of people judge the entire country based on shitty areas and many swedes see finland as a close ally . 
  i rather see a true nordic union sweden , denmark , faroe islands , iceland , norway , finland, 
  no i would choose norway and denmark . 
  we have close relationship with eachother and export alot of stuff to eachother especially sweden and norway . 
  and out languages are really simillar . 
  finland is a great ally but more like a distant cousin . 
  you are our brothers or twins sk\u00e5l, 
  norway and denmark, 
  as a swede never heard of that . 
  you people have lots of misconception about us, 
  shut the hell up with your shitty retard memes, 
  all of us scandinavians are getting bad rep around here . . 
  you should be more scared to visit america then sweden . 
  people are overdramatic we are still a safe country compared to others . 
  even if shit is happening, 
  yeah right and america is 4chan . 
  you dont live here, 
  you think this is funny ? 
  how original , a misleading clickbait thing about sweden, 
  seems like many people here are victims of shitty overdramatic media . 
  please do not let media think for you . 
  and people seem to get their wicked world view from sites like this . 
  do some research and stop believe what the circlejerk tell you what to believe, 
  sorry but you and pretty much everyone on internet know very little about us swedes . 
  keep on with your fantasies . 
  yes and that we are in a civil war and whereever you go you get attacked and here i am living in a safe kinda isolated small village in northern sweden wondering what the hell people are talking about . 
  i am just tired of the bullshit . 
  people speak about something they dont understand and come up with all sorts of retarded rumors, 
  icelandic and faroese, 
  stop !, 
  that doesnt fit with this sub reddits agenda !, 
  its kind of the opposite in r/sweden everyone is anti islam and inmigrant and if you say something else you are a communist traitor, 
  thank you . 
  some sub reddits are worse then others and especially when its a news post . 
  people tend to judge entire populations based on media here . 
  and its not just about muslims people try to come up with alot of shit to shame others . 
  and that comes from an american, 
  sexy blondes and vikings . 
  according to her she was 14 when she met the terrorist and she said she knew nothing about islam or isis . 
  who knows . 
  fuck you america . 
  you think you are so superiour and love the talk shit about other countrys and its people , you let media think for you and you think america is better in every way than any european country , some of you are seriously ignorant enough to believe there is a civil war in my country and laughing about it . 
  and here i am sittning in a small village where nothing happens . 
  you think you are the hero of the world and believe everything you do is right and heroic dont believe every shit you hear and make up things on your own . 
  you must be new here . 
  people judge entire countrys and its people based on news they hear, 
  i would like to visit iceland the most . 
  mainly becouse as a swede i love nordic culture and especially icelandic language . 
  like the ancestor languages of scandinavians . 
  and they really got unique nature . 
  and i dont know about the least . 
  probably the middle east, 
  its all over the media here as well . 
  media does anything to sell . 
  also related to this we had nordic resistence * swedish neo nazis ) acting as guards as well in bath houses . 
  thank you . 
  as a swede i hate the circlejerk . 
  not only does it not help at all it just mocks people who are trying to solveig problems and every swede even id they dont have anything to do with their bullshit memes, 
  beautiful pictures . 
  looks pretty much the same in northern sweden . 
  i think nordic countrys looks most beautiful when its winter, 
  yes i agree with that, 
  white scandinavians ? 
  according to reddit they dont exists anymore, 
  no he is not . 
  what i meant was crime wise . 
  i just get annoyed with some americans who always say how great their land is compared to ours and how dangerous it is to live in our communist land . 
  i mean alot of europeans hear bad stuff about america like school shootings , ghettos and so on . 
  its sad that people let media think for them too much . 
  but if anyone think sweden is worse then lets say america they are in denial but yeah some parts of sweden is getting worse and crime getting higher, 
  no i dont . 
  sweden has its problems these days . 
  but its not as horribelt as people may believe . 
  but yes it is horrible on some parts of citys and sadly ghettos exists . 
  its like people judge entire america becouse of its ghettos and dangerous areas . 
  i am not in denial i see the problems on the news every day . 
  people on internet always are overdramatic . 
  people tend to think sweden is america v2 post apocalyptic ghetto edition . 
  immigrants should learn german, 
  i know this is happening and this is why people are not giving them money, 
  people think alot of strange things about us swedes on internet . 
  people make up their image by media sadly, 
  you think this is the first person who has said this ? 
  please ... 
  swedish media and politicians yes but swedish people no, 
  at least we are not american, 
  seem like it . 
  or they listen to the media and make up their own image . 
  same goes for any country really . 
  sad how media have such control over people, 
  m\u00e5ndag-moons day tisdag-tyrs day onsdag-odins day torsdag-thors day fredag-freyas or friggs day l\u00f6rdag - , washday or bath day i think s\u00f6ndag-suns day, 
  i live sweden but most redditors hate us . 
  but i really dont care , most just hate the politicians like many swedes do, 
  swedes think so to . 
  but people sadly dont see a different between politicians and everyone who lives here . 
  people have all kinds of weird fantasies here . 
  if you think thats the case in sweden you got a really unrealistic and overdramatic view of sweden like most people here, 
  thats just stupid swedish media and stupid politicians . 
  politicians and people are not the people .
