  ... til there 's no if when it comes to drinking !, 
  sorry , no . 
  i just find his site and the info and links there really helpful . 
  i personally teach , too , and can agree on most of his positions . 
  but i never bought his material , although i would have liked to . 
  but my budget goes elsewhere . 
  i still have the suspicion that of all the methods i have encountered so far , it would be among the best . 
  muahahaaa , after reading the title i thought of benny 's post on his site and thought i 'd have to link it here . 
  benny is really cool . 
  thanks for that detailed answer !, 
  but eating vegan and vegetarian is not a problem at all in the urban areas . 
  you get lousy jokes from meat eaters , but i guess that 's international . 
  eating bio ( organically grown ) and healthy have become widely popular and this shift made eating veg way more accepted . 
  also , in the last 50 years or so , the cuisine was strongly influenced by the mediterranian and oriental guest workers and the german love of travel . 
  the german cuisine has borrowed a lot from italy , france , spain and turkey . 
  spices , the dosage of fats , the preparation types for meat and veggies , side dishes like pasta and rice are only a few aspects of german cooking that have changed drastically in the last decades . 
  i 'm kinda missing vollkornbr\u00f6tchen and m\u00fclltrennung . 
  wholemeal `` bagels '' ( ~ breddies ) and recycling . 
  i was referring to their willingness to go down the hard route and let banks crash and jail bankers . 
  very admirable and honest . 
  because you ca n't , on the one hand , screech free market and how it regulates itself and then not let it regulate itself . 
  it 's beyond dishonest . 
  you ca n't just pick the raisins . 
  i wish we could learn from them . 
  you mean like iceland ? 
  yeah , it * is * a stereotype , and i bet the ratio of nice french people ( and i 've had wonderful encounters ) to bad ones i met totally belies my impression . 
  i 's always sad how a few rotten apples spoil the whole bunch and leave this feeling behind . 
  i must admit though , i do n't have this ( extremely subjective ) impression of any other people in europe . 
   france was now occupied by the french i love this quote from braveheart : `` the trouble with scotland is that it 's full of * scots * ! '', 
  i feel like this about beautiful france with it 's most magnificent architecture and cultural richness whenever i run into yet again a grumpy , arrogant , fast french talking , no english speaking ( though they secretly do ) specimen of this incredibly creative and refined people . 
  [ buddablum ] ( http://quarknet.de/fotos/blumen/wildblumen/fotografie-butterblume.jpg ) vs. dub-dub-dudududub ... [ l\u00f6wenzahn ] ( http://www.awl.ch/heilpflanzen/taraxacum_officinale/loewenzahn_2.jpg ), 
  oh , just wait for the finnish word length nobility to show up and hakkapittelitt\u00e4r\u00e4t\u00e4tt\u00e4innnennokupppiletttar\u00e4tttekkinnikun your ass !, 
  logic high five !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  i do n't quite understand ? 
  we somehow do . 
  but as someone else pointed out , without the appreciation of things like education and law-abiding , it can not function . 
  then it rather becomes a `` covering for each other '' . 
  yes , someone mentioned the broken windows theory . 
  that 's why i think is is so damn important to fight even the beginnings of decline . 
  chopping down a tree takes minutes , growing one decades ... 
  interesting !, 
  i was n't aware of this . 
  i will definitely have to read up on this . 
  thank you . 
  i agree with you a 100 % . 
  i see it as my duty to contribute to the things i want to see . 
  i need to speak up when i see racism , i need to take steps when i encounter corruption , i need to support people in need . 
  the thing that is so confusing is that greece has been a sovereign state for so so so much longer than many northern european states . 
  the cultural knowledge and heritage that comes along with this much experience should somehow work as a protection , but it does n't seem to . 
  i think we should be the ones who could/should learn from greece , but in all honesty , i feel sorry for the citizens who have to navigate such a corrupt and selfish country . 
  i would n't want to have to face that . 
  i think it 's alarming because obviously well-developed nations can go into decline very easily . 
  germany is far from beeing a good or balanced country and has a shitton of flaws i 'm the very first willing to point out . 
  but i 'm thankful something like what this mp describes is not a norm here . 
  but i wonder : what has to happen to prevent a state from going from `` kinda-ok '' - mode to greece-mode ? 
  because we sure as hell are n't better people or anything like that . 
  how can i as acitizen contribute to prevent this development and protect the good things i appreciate everyday ? 
  that 's not what they are implying . 
  they emphasize was put on the timing . 
  apparently the chat logs make it clear that he was n't as determined as it seems and the puppeteer was in control of the guy . 
  yes . 
  i did n't want to edit out bits and just give a full translation . 
  investigative police report concerning the bomb attack in ansbach ( 27.07.2016 , 14:57 ) ( source : online presence of state run tv channel ard , specifically the daily news program ) : \u2022 the attacker talked to an unknown person until just before the attack extensively in a chatroom . 
  this person massively influenced the events . 
  \u2022 it 's unclear how long that contact existed \u2022 it 's very unlikely the attacker was able to legally obtain all the money that was found with him an in his room . 
  a sponsoring party is very likely . 
  \u2022 lots of clues ( including witnesses ' reports and the chat dialogue itself ) indicate that it 's questionable whether he actually wanted to detonate the bomb at that moment . 
  \u2022 `` he had nothing to lose after the death of his wife and his son of six months '' \u2022 a therapist 's report from 2015 concludes he had an extremist personality , and it `` is very possible that he even would go so far as to prepare a dramatic suicide scenario '' \u2022 he had received a `` protective status '' in bulgaria and was n't eligible anymore for a refugee residency in germany \u2022 he was tolerated in germany because he proved in court his inability to travel in february 2015 . 
  in march 2016 this decision was being reviewed and he did n't reply . 
  the ministry demanded of him to leave for bulgaria and threatened with deportation if he did n't comply . 
  the thing is , the morals do n't need the book . 
  it 's just nicer if you are christian since you are promised payback for simply beeing a decent human beeing , because how else will you trick a selfish and clever animal into `` altruism '' ? 
  i see where you are coming from , though . 
  close friends of mine are christian ( like i used to be ) , and they use it as a framwork for their lives in a pieceful fashion . 
  that 's all nice and dandy until the dormant destructive power christian faith wielded once upon a time is reactivated for whatever purpose suits the ring leaders best . 
  then they have to yet again find a way to choose a derivation that is n't abused . 
  that 's how christians migrated from catholicism to protestantism to orthodox to whichever of the thousands of denominations are around today . 
  yep . 
  a depressed person might jump , a depressed person with an ideology might put on a belt with explosives or rampage through oslo and ut\u00f8ya before taking their own lives . 
  a person with an ideology without depression can be radicalized to kill in it 's name , it 's just easier with the depressed , since they are weaker . 
  it 's the weirdest hoax ever . 
  all of them . 
  terrorism is done in the name of an ideology . 
  take the german raf group in the 70ties . 
  this guy decided to force his ideology on the world . 
  i rather think that christianity has outgrown their stage as a killing enabler after having been * the * driving factor for centuries and across continents and produced millions of casualties and atrocities along the way . 
  islam will get there , eventually , but you ca n't skip that `` teenage hatred phase '' of a religion . 
  i do n't know . 
  there has never been a war in the name of weed addiction , alcohol addiction or smoke addiction with the addicts as their fervored soldiers . 
  only religion will do that for you . 
  or any expansionistic ideology . 
  the vast majority of depressed people do self harm and would never endanger another person . 
  in fact , many would rather give their own lives to make sure sure someone else stays alive as they usually have very little self esteem . 
  they do n't get their own worth . 
  they are not united by one religion . 
  it does n't matter which . 
  that was the case in the 11th-18th century in europe . 
  then centuries of scientific research culminated in the enlightenment era which in turn produced secular states . 
  voila , modern europe .
