  and if you are clearly wanting to add sensible value to the conversation , you might want to consider not replying to something where their purpose is obviously trolling . 
  and what comes to the banning the burqa , that has nothing to do with the freedom of religion . 
  there isn \u00b4 t a single part in the quran where women are required to cover their face . 
  this is a cultural trait . 
  and the reason people like merkel want to ban burqa isn \u00b4 t because she/others find them `` distasteful '' . 
  not only there is a security risk in burqa ( you are unable to prove your identity when your face isn \u00b4 t showing ) , but when one is wearing something so extreme , the possibility of someone forcing it on you is pretty likely . 
  burqa basically isolates you from the modern world . 
  no one , and i mean no one , isn \u00b4 t for example going to hire you if your face isn \u00b4 t showing . 
  think for a second have you ever received customer service in your life from someone who had everything else covered except their eyes . 
  i am pretty sure you are confusing this with hijab , which is a completely different ballgame . 
  yeah , i used to do that . 
  then i found myself in situations where i had wasted time and energy `` discussing '' with people who are clearly out of balance . 
  you can be sure i will check the person \u00b4 s post history , just even briefly , because that helps me to simply not reply or stop the discussion very early for example with people who hang out at the donald . 
  if you can logically explain to me why i shouldn \u00b4 t check other people \u00b4 s post history ( or as you like to call it , my quick glance was `` looking for dirt '' ) and how exactly i am hurting the other with this , i can consider it ( btw , creepiness isn \u00b4 t enough ) . 
  that isn \u00b4 t listed in the reddiquette either . 
  are you saying you don \u00b4 t do it ? 
  sorry , i don \u00b4 t understand your point . 
  i googled the red pill and to me it seems it has nothing to do with the freedom of religion . 
  but can you open up your point a little more ? 
  why are you suggesting that ? 
  i googled , apparently it is not . 
  never underestimate how crazy people can be . 
  when i left to ireland my grandmother told me not to shake hands with irish men . 
  when i asked why she replied that the irish are so fertile that just any contact with them seemed to make young women pregnant . 
  she got a little , eh , inappropriate when the alzheimer advanced . 
  more and more sexual jokes . 
  but that one caught me completely off guard , made me wonder where she even got that . 
  stop , that creeps me out even it is a joke . 
   you can leave finland , but finland does not leave you portuguese , and still nailing it . 
  damn son . 
  unfortunately . 
  i am actually going to have a holiday in greece before the end of this year , basically because i want to support them in these times . 
  just like i want to continue supporting nice and paris . 
  people are not logical creatures , the tourists can vanish from pretty ridiculous reasons . 
  remember folks , it matters how you spend your money !, 
  i saw him pretending to be an american too , trashing hilary . 
  who can do the super hard math ? 
  supports brexit and trump , hmm , who could possibly benefit from that ( ;, 
  oh right , of course . 
  first i struggled to understand how someone can be so , eh , intellectually challenged , but then i checked your history and saw someone is a very active member in r/the _ donald . 
  i have to say , out of all the overwhelmingly batshit insane links you have posted , this one [ putin explains how obama created isis ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4o5um0/putin_explains_how_obama_created_isis/ ) has to be my favourite . 
   your continent has been feminized . 
  you no longer have alpha males . 
  oh honey , you are living in a country where almost half of the people support donald trump for a president . 
  i am pretty sure the requirements for an alpha male ( ugh , how disgusting can two words be , i hate that kind of american vocabulary ) is to have an iq higher than your shoe size , so i am pretty sure we are covered here . 
   good luck . 
  seek help asap . 
  i don \u00b4 t mean this in a mean way . 
  your post seem very much like you have lost the contact with reality . 
  if i were you i would contact my doctor . 
  i find it hilarious when people use the ridiculous `` thanks , merkel '' ( seemed quite popular for the brexit-camp , on a side note ) to explain the refugee crisis . 
  like yes , that is indeed correct , angela merkel planned and executed her evil , incredibly complex masterplan of war in syria just for the purpose of destroying the pure european continent . 
  and yes , merkel is solely responsible of every single decision related to that crisis , and yes , merkel is nat\u00fcrlich above all international laws and she of course has the power to stop the whole situation is she wants to . 
  jesus christ i hate that kind of thinking . 
  oh and btw , let \u00b4 s just say that phrase can be seen much more in certain other subreddits than r/europe , but we do blame her for laughable stuff too . 
   there 's thousands of you walking around europe right now that has n't swallowed the red-pill yet . 
  and what the fuck would that be , mr. america ? 
  please teach us more what europeans need to do . 
  okay so a muslim dude , a turkish guy and a russian guy walked into a bar ... 
   again if you have any proof oh i am sorry , i just am one of those crazy people who believe when 5 people have been raped by the same person . 
  : / also there could be proof but since the police decided to believe the dad there is n't . 
  but you know the female nature , obviously they are lying and he was a sweet innocent guy . 
  also the boy who was driven to suicide must have had a lovely childhood too . 
  but there is n't proof enough for you . 
   damn the french oh do n't worry buddy , her abuse was a `` village secret '' that everybody knew , for what i have read . 
  i was n't talking about `` witchunts '' , i was talking about uhm , dunno , like calling the police ? 
  but nope . 
   btw did you catch the boston bombers ? 
  oh sorry i have no idea what you are talking about , so apparently not . 
  but anyway , he is dead , so new `` proof '' will not emerge , that is for sure . 
  obviously he was innocent little angel , but unfortunately got shot after breaking the back of the camel . 
  sucks but such is life . 
  oh , raped once or twice , harassing started at 8 or smth , no biggie . 
  i wish you mental strenght to cope with the loss of this great innocent man . 
  i am not surprised no one lift a finger , you ca n't be the only one representing that beautiful mentality . 
   russia is n't remotely dangerous for any eu country and you guys in proximity to it need to finally understand this . 
  i know it 's hard . 
  oh , this is groundbreaking news . 
  a greek dude told me in reddit there is nothing to worry about , it must be true then !, 
  and there i was like a fool , thinking russia is invading our airspace like there is no tomorrow , putin kindly winking how there is going to be a war if we join nato and donald trump flashing how nato wouldn \u00b4 t defend the baltics is russia attacked . 
   with nato , the very idea that russia could hurt european interests is a dangerous fantasy . 
  oh that \u00b4 s right , i forgot that finland and sweden are in nato , silly little me . 
   if the soviet union could n't do it to a smaller and less integrated nato , russia ca n't do it today , it 's that simple . 
  and there i was again thinking that nato was founded at 1949 !, 
  also i went all my life thinking we were left alone to survive with the soviets during winter war and later forcing us to have an ally with germany since no one else gave enough shits to help us . 
  so much to learn in one day !, 
  it really is that simple !, 
  we just must put our trust in our nato-membership . 
  hey , it obviously worked in ww2 . 
  : , dd  in general our feelings towards the russian leadership reflect that reality rather than the fantasy of russian aggression . 
  yes i can see that , you obviously base your opinion on pure hard facts . 
  can \u00b4 t argue with that , right ? 
  oh and i love that `` fuck ukraine if they are not going after us '' - mindset ( especially from a country that is pretty accomplished in whining for sympathy ) . 
  obviously it is impossible to care about ukraine if it is not our ass in danger , right ? 
   `` orthodox brotherhood '' is something that generally exists too . 
  much in the same way britain and america share a lot of cultural and religious ties , same is the case for orthodox countries with greece . 
  i wasn \u00b4 t saying it didn \u00b4 t exist , i simply expressed my disgust towards it . 
  but hey i understand , you guys do share similar culture , like the culture of corruption and very low rankings in press freedom and democracy index , you guys must understand each other in a special way . 
   if you 're itching to solve an illegal occupation , i will remind you that turkey is currently occupying cyprus which unlike ukraine is part of the eu and there are 2 reasonable parties trying to reach a compromise there . 
  oh let \u00b4 s see , ah that \u00b4 s right , no one here supports the turkish government or sees them as `` a friendly ally we can benefit from '' , so i guess we are talking about a little different things here ?
