  dear british friends , stay safe . 
  this is horrible . 
  hmm ? 
  i mentioned eu in my first post already ? 
  i do n't want eu to be the world superpower , neither do we have a realistic possibility to become one , at least right now . 
  uk is leaving and we do n't have any kind of army , not to mention the most powerful in the world . 
  what are the possibilities , brazil , india , china , not to even mention russia ? 
  no , there just does n't exist any good alternative . 
  if anyone is interested , [ this is pornhub 's year review and it is pretty interesting ] ( https://www.pornhub.com/insights/2016-year-in-review ) . 
  there is also the preferences of different european countries . 
  there is quite a lot differences between the men and women watching porn . 
  like in most viewed category by gender : women : 1 . 
  big dick ( in most searched terms for women this was big black dick ) 3 . 
  threesome 4 . female friendly men : 1 . 
  teen 2 . 
  what can we do , we are just prettier than you guys . 
  nicer to look at . 
  no but in all seriousness , in general women are allowed much more room in experiencing with women , homosexuality tends to carry such a big stigma that it results in ridiculous things like men being afraid to give affection to their friends . 
  if a woman happens to do something with her friend it 's much more accepted , and i think if men had the same room you guys would too . 
  i discovered there is some people that happen to be women i find attractive after a friend hit on me when i was 13 and it 's not like i sit at home analyzing why i sometimes enjoy seafood . 
  we are more comfortable to explore this side and in general lesbian porn is more focused on the woman 's pleasure , so i guess there is that . 
  i think it is mostly because in lesbian porn there is much more concentration on the woman 's pleasure . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://www.pornhub.com/insights/2016-year-in-review ) women like to search `` pussy licking '' and `` female friendly '' . 
  in lesbian porn nobody is chocked to the point of throwing up and stuff like that . 
  `` i think you are a nutcase !, 
  you are really a nutcase !, 
  you are away with the fairies . 
  you must be mad . 
  i have never heard anything so immature in all my life . 
  you should be on a comedy show , not be an ~ ~ journalist ~ ~ agent . '', 
  - farage during investigation , probably . 
  okay yeah true , i was lying . 
  there is plenty of things this man can do to surprise me . 
  and tbh this move shocked me too , even though at this point i should n't be surprised , since he has systemically proven to be batshit insane and out of control , but this was just so particularly covfefe that he really took it to another level . 
  there is nothing this man can do to surprise me anymore . 
  well there is not much to celebrate , we both rank pretty badly . 
  :( such is life in the rough and unstable streets of netherlands and finland , every day is a struggle . 
  on a complete off topic , `` ahoj ! '', 
  in czech is seriously the funniest way of saying hi i know in any language . 
  little beer-hockey pirates greeting each other , i never get used to it . 
  not german but personally this whole thing breaks my heart . 
  i do n't think i would 've ever lived to see the day when america is openly hostile and insulting to eu ( rope ) . 
  the comment threads all over reddit about the issue have been horrible too . 
  they are a mix of `` haha fuck usa we do n't need them anyway '' and `` fuck you europe , pay for your own shit your freeloading bastards '' and nothing in between ( or that 's how i felt like reading them ) . 
  the fact is that this is a precious alliance and during its time we have lived the most peaceful time in european history ( please people do n't start listing the other factors , i am completely aware this is far from being the only reason for it ) , and reducing it to being completely to `` independence '' and `` being completely dependent '' is ridiculous . 
  well this is reddit and we see everything black and white but still . 
  i would n't personally want to see any other nation being the superpower of the world , and let 's not kid ourselves if usa isolates itself someone else will fill it . 
  the eu sure as hell wo n't be and should n't be one , and as confident as everyone else is here about the eu army and everything , well that would be putting trust on something that does n't even exist ( yet , hopefully ) . 
  as a finn who shares 1340 km with the second greatest and clearly now very unpredictable military power in the world , i do n't feel that great about all this ( yes , we are not in nato and blah blah , still i would like to have even a small illusion that there would be a possibility of help if they attacked ) . 
  i am just scared shirtless of trump . 
  i do n't think this is funny or entertaining or anything anymore , it is just plain scary . 
  he has been in power for only few months and it has been a 24/7 , constant shithshow , and now we are fighting each other . 
  i am genuinely nervous of the coming four years . 
  yes we are , unfortunately . 
  i am a bit surprised to see this rhetoric is used against norway too . 
  the same thing is going on with finland too , according to suomen kuvalehti the most recent incident is between finland and romania ( some kids were taken to custody from a romanian mother , apparently there has been some protest and a huge facebook group with a finnish flag and pictures of kids in concentration camp . 
  which is not a new thing since back in 2012 when this whole crap started when some kids were taken away from a russian mother this one dude who makes his living by spreading anti-finnish/eu/nato and pro-russian propaganda gave one of his many press conferences saying that we have concentration camps in finland for russian children . 
  oh and russian kids will be stolen from their parents if they visit finland and so on . 
  yes , really . ), 
  but what can you do , unfortunately both finland and norway are these racist authoritarian nazi countries where we just stole kids from their parents for no reason at all . 
  so as long as we continue the barbaric tradition of caring about the welfare of children and taking them to custody from unfit parents who are incapable of taking care of them , this will continue to be used as a propaganda tool . 
  it might have something to do with the fact that this is a frenchie terribly offended by `` anti-americanism '' ( aka criticizing trump ) who just happens not to have a word of french in his post history . 
  can we get the same in french please ? 
   finland 983  netherlands 982 [ hihi . 
  ] ( https://media2.giphy.com/media/gz8emtqmtrwqe/giphy.gif ), 
  those scores on radio and tv make it up , 
  she is constantly criticized and mocked ( and blamed for her husband 's behavior ) , she is married to a narcissistic misogynist cheating asshole that she obviously wants to stay away from . 
  for many people just the mean press and negative publicity alone could be too much . 
  it 's much more than just `` dressing up '' . 
  i guess it depends on your values on how important you think money is , but i would personally do n't think any amount of money could replace the love of a good man . 
  of course she is an adult that is perfectly capable to make her own decisions , but i do n't see any reason why she could n't feel hopelessly miserable , lonely and depressed . 
  humans need much more than money to be happy . 
  aaw that 's so adorable !, 
  such sad news . 
   the conservative pis government says that making the morning after pill available only by prescription will benefit women because doctors will have an opportunity to check on women 's health before prescribing the pill . 
  as always , the real reason ( religion and punishing whores for having sex so misogyny ) is masked in a veil of pretending to be concerned about the well being of women . 
  there is absolutely no reason why a doctor should check you before taking a morning after pill . 
  there might be some side effects like in all drugs , like it messing up your period cycle for a while , but a doctor seeing you before taking it will change absolutely nothing . 
  the most crucial thing what comes to morning after pills is time - saying that ellaone can be taken 5 days after unprotected intercourse is n't really that simple , because the effect of the drug weakens each hour that passes . 
  in other forms of morning after pills the time is even shorter . 
  since morning after pill is n't nearly as effective as the pill or condoms but an emergency drug , the only best way to make sure it works is to take it as quickly as possible . 
  and those people know this . 
  the real goal with this is to make those women wait and therefore weaken the effect or even better make sure they ca n't take it at all , since in practice visiting the doctor right after the accident happens will be a lot harder , and after five days the doctor ca n't prescribe it all . 
  so good luck to those ladies who do n't have money or do n't get an appointment quickly enough . 
  honestly i do n't have any problem imagining even a possibility of a hardcore catholic doctor finding a bullshit excuse to deny a woman from having it . 
  sigh . 
   that said it 's all shit so you are a feminist ? 
  it 's a finnish saying :d, 
  haha i see what you did there :d you have an awesome name , is n't it pretty popular in ireland ? 
  this one dude explained us how it comes from irish mythology where finn was a great warrior ( i remember that because it was the base for his pick up line that included swords ) . 
  but yeah ireland really is gorgeous , not only the nature but the cities too , my personal favorite is galway with all the colorful cute houses . 
  i somehow found the views oddly comforting , weird thing to say but it just was . 
  of course , because nicole is the only one `` talking shit '' about women in this thread . 
  i mean , when regular people ( men ) make comments about the people in the picture ( especially macron 's wife ) it is just funny or the truth , but because you can identify her gender she of course represents the viciousness of the female gender . 
  that 's the way it goes . 
   say what you want about trump . 
  melanie looks the best among them . 
  i do n't know why it would affect what i say about him since her looks are not something he can take credit for . 
  it really does . 
  i know exactly your type .
