  are you ... are you serious ? 
  you actually just copied a wikipedia article because you felt you really _ can _ teach me about this subject ? 
  first of all , are you illiterate ? 
  here , let me help you , the first sentence : ** `` the party combines left-wing economic policies '' ** . 
  can you specify what you don \u00b4 t understand on that matter ? 
   you might want to let the leadership know . 
  a mep is not leadership , of for fucks sake !!, 
  are you truly _ that _ ignorant ?? 
  if words like mep are too challenging for your level of knowledge , just google them !, 
  are you , truly , saying that is more right-wing than republicans ? 
  before i start breaking down these for you ( since obviously you don \u00b4 t have the slightest understatement of finland , that might take some time ) , but just answer that so i can understand you better ? 
  there we go , not one single answer . 
   hihi , please tell me more about european ( especially finnish and swedish ) politics so we can get back to the subject you clearly want to teach europeans about !, 
  sorry , you must inform for example the new york times of that horrible mistake . 
  :( attempt to do what ? 
  to ask you what languages you can actually handle after you mocked me for writing yours ? 
  funny there wasn \u00b4 t an answer to that , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  or the fact you clearly don \u00b4 t have the slightest idea what right-wing is if you truly believe it means only immigration policies ? 
  or the fact you try to educate me about my own country \u00b4 s politics , since _ every _ right-wing party in europe is more hardcore than republicans ? 
  : , d google right-wing for a minute and then let \u00b4 s get back to this , shall we ? 
   ah yes , the voice of educated europe has spoken . 
  oh my english is nowhere perfect , that is for sure , i make tons of mistakes and i am dyslexic . 
  the difference between you and me is that you are a native making fun of someone who is not , clearly you are more educated . 
   would you like to have this same conversation in some other language , just mention all the languages you are fluent in ? 
  yeah , true finns leans on the left . 
  everyone in hungary ?? 
  sweden democrats ?? 
  dude !, 
  are you seriously so ignorant you think those parties are for example anti-abortionists ( i refuse to use the bs `` pro-life '' ) , gun-crazed , _ against maternity leave _ for example ? 
  sweden and uk are countries where women \u00b4 s right are in general better and human rights respected , and that means that rights about abortions for example are not even questioned . 
  there is a reason why your country is a third-world country what it comes to income inequality for example , why it is so hard to be a working mother in us , why your streets are filled with homeless people , why poverty trap is almost impossible to escape etc. 
  and that is because of your sweet republican party . 
  right wing doesn \u00b4 t mean only immigration . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if this is news for you . 
  sorry american , but you are trying to teach about a subject you have zero knowledge of apparently . 
  for example in finland our right-wing isn \u00b4 t even close to republicans , in any matter . 
  our kokoomus will be labeled as raging communists if they moved there . 
  i was coming to write the exact same thing . 
  _ even _ , wtf ? 
  can one be more right-wing than republicans ? 
  i have to praise finnish men on this too . 
  sexual commenting on looks , harassing or especially groping done by strangers on the street is pretty much nonexistent . 
  it makes you feel safe and i am grateful of that . 
   woman have smaller feet so they can stand closer to the oven i am a somewhat feminist woman and i bursted out laughing . 
  thanks , i spilled tea on my phone . 
  this was beautiful , i wish there would be more often lighthearted joking while discussing serious matters , too often it just becomes an angry insulting match . 
  worked in ww2 , why not on the third . 
  but please let help through this time if you do n't feel like involving , okeij ? 
  what ? 
  why would people wait to turn 20 ? 
  of course guys who go to army usually leave their parents house later , but girls usually move out right after high school . 
  i did n't really have friends living at home at 20 . 
  in general finnish people move out of home quite early . 
  also moving out at 16 to attend high school in other city is n't that unsual either . 
  as a finn i would love to hear more about this responsibility i have . 
  i am sure estonians , hungarians , latvians , lithuanians , czechs etc. 
  would be interested too . 
  or maybe we just are n't a part of europe ? 
  i am sorry , but i do n't have to respect anyones `` dignity '' if that dignity means the ability to label me as a whore if i act in a certain way . 
  anything that goes against my human rights and safety will not be tolerated , and certainly not respected , in any way . 
  whoa , talk about cultural differences . 
  can you mention one of the justifications ? 
  i have a hard time thinking what kind of logic could possibly be behind this . 
  is it like `` if you do n't hit them they wobt obey you '' or more like `` women are children and therefore should be punished when they do something wrong '' ? 
  yes , what an enormous surprise . 
  homophobia and misogyny often go hand in hand . 
  i bet this asshat is a major racist too . 
  oh my god , are you joking ? 
  nah , they just feel bad for us . 
  lots of oil , blooming economy and good looking people ( the men are insanely handsome at least ) , it 's not like they are going to miss one crappy mountain . 
  it 's a gesture of pity , because we are never going to be norway but at least we can have a tiny piece of it . 
  i do n't know , i can see how hard it is to understand this while living in a year-around tropical paradise called sweden , sipping coconut juice under palm trees in december and having long nights in summer , but we somehow manage . 
  edit : in short , what you just described is as much sweden as it finland . 
  melancholy and happiness do n't exclude each other . 
  yes we are weird people . 
  i do n't know what went wrong . 
  they were too busy being occupied by the nazis to have one . 
  especially pisa-scores . 
  seriously , i went to check the comments only to see how long it takes to find the first salty swede . 
  did n't take long . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  balls and brain , a hell of a combination . 
   you say that but maybe you would be the guy finding himself by pure luck in the terrorist 's blindspot and just tackling him from behind without even considering your safety . 
  adrenaline does that to people . 
   hihi i am a girl and i am scared shitless just to walk home alone at night . 
  unfortunately i have been in a situation where my ability to act was tested and my reaction was miserable ( almost fainted , lol ) , but i do hope so !, 
  that would be awesome . 
  but tbh just the idea is quite laughable :d, 
  yes i know , but who gives a fuck what breivik thought ? 
  he was speaking of public opinion . 
  they wouldn \u00b4 t think any differently . 
   but i believe he 's referring to the increase in terrorist attacks why we would refer to those ? 
  what possible connections there could be between randoms in the city center and children and islamic terrorism ? 
  they weren \u00b4 t and wouldn \u00b4 t be today in any way responsible to this . 
  why , why on earth he would even bring those up ? 
  this _ is _ a terrorist attack , those are dead or mutilated or traumatized are victims of terrorist attack . 
  that is not the same tone we discussed the victims of last week \u00b4 s attack . 
  edited since i can \u00b4 t english . 
  ( : no but seriously , it is cool we have people who would and do act when others freeze .
