  the bestest . 
  periods . 
  seeing finland be so low makes me sad and uncomfortable . 
  somehow it is so absurd to believe this , since when you only know people that would answer agree 100 % with this question ( and consider it a bit stupid anyway ) , it easily creates this illusion finland really is this accepting . 
  damn you old people living in the country side and our few religious nutjobs !, 
  i would like to end this in the beautiful words of wisdom by matti ( just saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4wwqhodtyk ) in r/suomi ) . 
  `` i wish that in finland everyone can homo in marriage . 
  for free . '', 
  i would n't be so sure about it , if 2016 taught us anything it is that nothing is certain in politics . 
  ( oh and happy cake day ! ), 
  i love these way too much . 
  you would think that they get old fast but nope , still having fun . 
  i was so surprised to learn that too . 
  i feel like such a special snowflake now . 
  but seriously , i wonder what is behind this . 
  i mean in general i find this to be a quite welcoming subreddit ( although i do have to disagree with the result about xenophobia , i mean the racism is unbelievable in the comment sections about refugees ) and things like misogny etc that can be very off putting is n't really that common in here in my opinion . 
  so if there is any ladies lurking and reading this , join the conversation !, 
  i feel lonely here . 
  he managed to pull the world out of the huge economic disaster and kept the peace in eu ( well , not europe , but still ) plus overall he did great things like the gay marriage . 
  but i think whats really behind this is that this survey was so close to the election results and people were regretting of not understanding how good we had it until you guys went nuts and elected the orange climate change denialist , so pretty much anyone , let alone someone as sane as obama , would look like a perfect ten . 
  not poor . 
  he deserves every inch of hate he gets . 
  he and people like him play a _ huge _ part on why brexit has been such an uncivilized shitshow and why so many people are pissed at some british voters ( please note that not every leave voter is an arrogant , xenophobic bastard but he sure is the embodiment of that spirit ) . 
  and that is because he does n't want to just leave and genuinely do what 's best for his country ( although that is debatable since for i am sure not alone viewing him as a corrupt populist ) , nope , that 's not enough for him . 
  he wants the eu to crash and burn and wastes no opportunities to start drama and broadcast his downright hostile views during a time when diplomacy would be more beneficial for everyone . 
  fuck farage , just fuck him . 
  i am seriously convinced some day we will find out how he _ really _ benefits from this kind of behavior , and i have a feeling what 's motivating him is not his patriotism . 
  tbh i was confused how `` good '' his results were . 
  i mean , i was expecting worse . 
  the amount of neutral people surprised me . 
  the frenchies are too busy making depressed art films and eating delicious pastries to waste time on r/europe . 
  thanks for explaining that . 
  pretty amazed how someone can take that in such a weird way . 
  oh and happy cake day !, 
  :d indeed that would fit better in that context . 
  this is not about him being drunk . 
  overall it drives me crazy when people blame drunkenness for doing horrible things . 
  alcohol lowers your ability to control your impulses , it does n't magically transform your personality . 
  this is about an english man seeing a foreigner and trying to kill him because he is a foreigner . 
  one can try to soften it up with a story and details , but those are the basics . 
  it is clear he still does n't think he did something wrong , because his ( sober ) apology for the what he had done was that `` he should not have tried to do the country 's work '' . 
   he said the english had a reputation for being `` wusses '' and went on to rant about the stabbing of someone wearing a poppy , the death of fusilier lee rigby ** and the uk leaving the eu . 
  ** what a surprise , absolutely shocking / s. 
  i ca n't think of a better way to demonstrate what kind of effect the hate tabloids can have in certain people . 
   in mitigation , peter spary disputed the prosecution claim it was racially motivated and said cole attacked mr pietraskzek because his `` manhood was dented '' . 
  poor guy , of course the logical thing to do when someone or something has wounded your fragile precious national ego is to kill ( because that was his goal obviously , and was n't far of succeeding ) an innocent bystander . 
  that will bring back the ~ ~ honor ~ ~ honour to britain . 
  i do n't think `` idiot '' is enough for people like this , i would probably go with psychopath considering the situation . 
   everyone else got along swimmingly . 
  unfortunately there are some groups of people that clearly think you ca n't enjoy football without beating the shit out of people and acting like rabid animals , and then there is the people who think having manners and being respectful to others do n't take away the fun of the experience . 
  like the irish . 
  they charmed everyone and still i am sure they had more fun than any other group of fans there . 
  people should be more like the irish . 
  lol , i do n't know why i find iceland being orange somehow adorable . 
  like there they are , bringing minivikings to the world . 
  i know someone who spent some time there , and she said that the women usually have children pretty young . 
  a couple of times there were a baby in the lecture ( she attended university ) and nobody even noticed , so i am guessing they are a pretty child-friendly society overall . 
  and what comes to ireland and france , well , i mean like hello . 
  of course they have the highest fertility rates . 
  funny story , my grandma used to say that the irish are so fertile you get pregnant by shaking hands with the men . 
  i have no idea where she got that . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to sound rude . 
  just that the dose of depressed , hopeless realism was so familiar that i had to check if i was dealing with a nordic person living in portugal . 
  i miss ireland :( i 'll be back beautiful emerald island . 
  if you do , please go to galway . 
  one of the most fun nights in my life , they are insanely friendly and welcoming . 
  a lot of craic was had . 
  are you sure you have the right flair ? 
  haha yup , they were like `` meh , we already know what they are going to answer , let 's not waste time on these ones '' . 
  in finland it would be probably something like 98 % , leaving the 2 % for religious lunatics and few crazy misogynistic guys who do n't have social contacts outside of internet . 
  i have absolutely no idea who is anne marie yritys . 
  strange . 
  go norway !, 
  russian sanctions did n't really help either . 
  or then just back out completely from ni and let them be independent . 
  problem solved , no need for borders !, 
  no deal is perfectly realistic ? 
  ... what ? 
  what do you think that would mean for uk ? 
  um , and why should i do that , dear stranger on the internet ? 
  that was so good i have to switch languages to not embarrass myself . 
  please do , you guys are warmly welcomed here !, 
  oh and what comes to living in sweden , i am sure you are going to love it . 
  however you should consider if you can handle all the fika , k\u00f6ttbullar and people discussing in a civilized manner until everyone is perfectly happy with the result about _ everything _ before going . 
  if yes , sweden is a pretty great country ( do n't tell anyone i said that ) , however it is unfortunately full of swedish people so prepare for that . 
  please stay :( i 'll take you to sauna and feed you some delicious m\u00e4mmi if you do . 
  if it is any consolation , everyone will miss scotland the most . 
  v\u00e5r is swedish and means ours . 
   what comes to understanding finnish , i have no idea . 
  we have quite a challenging and funny elf language that belongs to a different group of languages than german so i am guessing no . 
  i would blame my phone for that mistake but honestly i could have done it anyway . 
  pretty hilarious though :d, 
   we are going to be a good friend to you provided you want free trade with us . 
  good luck to the negotiators who have to deal with this in real life . 
  i respect them . 
   let 's be positive !, 
  nothing says positive more than a little unfair-cherry-picking deal with a nice touch of menacing tone in it . 
  right . 
  i would respond to you if you were n't a troll account . 
  unfortunately there seems to be a lot of you in this thread .
