  now there is an arrest warrant on him for numerous reasons and the troll is explaining how he is persecuted for political reasons lol ( btw that is exactly what this idiot wrote in the link i posted ) . 
  but fear not , donetsk people \u00b4 s republic has sent a message that they will receive him as a refugee and protect his right to express his political views , so it \u00b4 s all good < 3 to those who don \u00b4 t understand , this  you cant deny that media was very biased and disinformative ( as in publishing literal lies in order to effect the public opinion ) this is complete bullshit and identical to the shit the mv-magazine posted . 
  and don \u00b4 t bother answering , i am disabling the inbox in this comment because i simply don \u00b4 t have the fucking energy or time for this never ending bullshit , and i am not going to waste my time to you `` proving '' me wrong . 
  this whole thing is just so old and tiring . 
  just report this shit , dont even answer . 
  i have such a hard time understanding that mentality . 
  what i understood is that _ everyone _ knows that it is happening , and that means everyone . 
  however , if the abortion happens in the holy soil of ireland , it is a completely different thing and all hell should break loose . 
  people who oppose abortion just bury their heads in the sand and pretend nothing is happening , when they know perfectly well that they have simply forced the process in another country . 
  there is something very ... catholic about that . 
  oh and just to make sure if my point comes out wrong since my english isn \u00b4 t really the best , i of course don \u00b4 t think it should be banned to go to uk for an abortion . 
  just pointing out the absurdity of the situation , since what they really want is to prevent women who can \u00b4 t afford traveling from having an abortion ( who probably aren \u00b4 t the most prepared to parenthood anyway ) , since that is the only thing it does now . 
  agree . 
  i sometimes read postimees in english just for fun . 
  nope , not even close . 
  most of our newspapers are politically neutral , and overall pretty tamed . 
  for example we rarely publish pictures of criminals , even the names being published is not that common . 
  to give an example : the garbage for example daily mail or the sun published to support brexit ? 
  would _ never _ happen . 
  never . 
  fun fact : [ freedom house ] ( https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-press/freedom-press-2016 ) ranked the finnish press 2 in the freedom of the press index 2016 , and according the [ reporters without borders ] ( https://rsf.org/en/ranking ) our press is the freest in the world . 
  so we are doing alright . 
   however , i don \u00b4 t think it is even possible to be worse than daily mail . 
  the bar is so extremely low i it would take tremendous effort to come even close . 
  all that misogyny , hatred , racism , unbelievable agenda pushing ... 
  it really is something else . 
  edit : still , i have to add that this does n't stop our tabloids stealing '' what a tragedy !, 
  this teen mom had 30 liters of silicone pumped to each of her ass cheeks , accidentally sat on her toddler son and crushed him '' - kind of shit from dailymail for clickbaits . 
  completely off topic , but how heartbreaking and just plain wrong . 
  in finland too ( i imagine the sentences were quite long because they did something so desparete ) the financial crimes have the harshes sentences . 
  you can kill another human being and get a probation , but have a small business and cheat with the taxes ... 
  what the hell ? 
  my would you even say that ? 
  my point was that it would n't matter where you cum , you could have 10 kids in this world and you do n't have to give a crap on their wellbeing . 
  zero responsibilities after cumming . 
  everything that comes after that is the woman 's problem . 
  you know what would be much more better ? 
  for everyone ? 
  a birth control that works.for men . 
  or a vasectomy . 
  edit : oh yeah and btw , this is not about abortion rights . 
  this is about child support . 
  funnily enough they are not the same thing . 
  think about it , you would n't have to ever wear a condom again . 
  meaning of course you do n't care if those children exist or not , just that the fathers should n't have anything to do with them ? 
  i mean , you do n't want to men have a choice on continuing the pregnancy ? 
  your government does protect the process , though . 
  meaning you guys send police or something like that to ensure everything goes well . 
  what kind of choice he should have ( in your opinion ) ? 
   right now men are the only ones who do . 
  right . 
  did n't understand you were trolling , regret taking this so far.have a good night sir . 
  o.o aalright ... would mind finally explaining how that would make her `` think twice '' about it and bring equality to the situation ? 
   ideally it should apply for every country lol , there you go . 
  are you saying it would be ideal that a woman is unable to terminate the pregnancy and the man should be able to walk away ? 
  but i am glad we are finally on the same page . 
  child support ( and it is not simple terms , it is all there is.the mother ca n't force the father to do anything else . 
  paying money is not `` having '' a child ) and abortion rights are not the same things . 
  they do n't go `` hand in hand '' , they have nothing to do with each other . 
  for you men should n't have any kind of consequences from having sex , end of story . 
  umm . . ? 
  what ? 
  i was asking you a question from your text ? 
  okay so let me get this straight . 
  you think the woman should always have a choice on making the decision on this matter ( in other words , you don \u00b4 t want equality on that part ) . 
  that makes the woman always being solely responsible on the child . 
  what you basically want is every man the right to disown their children . 
  that simple . 
  this is not about abortion or if the man should have a say if the child should exist , this is about men having the possibility of not paying child support ( since it is impossible to force them to any other kind of activity ) . 
  so you whining about the father \u00b4 s rights in abortion is the same thing as me whining on my periods . 
  it is impossible to make those issues `` equal '' somehow . 
  you still didn \u00b4 t answer if this law should apply to countries where abortion is illegal or banned ? 
   which then would lead to the woman thinking twice about actually having a child ( or an abortion ) because she 'd know for sure that she would not get anything from the man and what the woman gets from the man when she has an abortion ? 
   ... did you actually read the post ? 
  like the stuff at the very top , the stuff op wrote ? 
  yes ( even tough i had some problems understanding it ) , but i was referring to your post . 
   its the very same thing it \u00b4 s absolutely not the same thing , how can you say that ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  to you deciding if the child should be born and the paternal rights after the child is this world are same things ? 
  you can \u00b4 t make a difference between giving men equality on deciding if the child should be born or if they can just disown the child completely ? 
  why were you writing about men who want to have the child but the woman does n't in your first post , how is the possibility to disown the child going to change this ? 
  the rights of a child and the rights of abortion are completely different things . 
  in your first post you were talking about the rights of men and women deciding whether or not the child should be born and asking for more equality in the process _ before _ birth . 
  in your second you stated that abortion rights should be granted to women ( meaning the inequality in the abortion decision ) and you are okay with it , but not with what happens after . 
  whining about inequality in making the decision if the child should be born or how each party should be involved after it is born are completely different things . 
  to me it seemed you were talking about how the men should have equality and power on making the decision whether or not the child should come to this world . 
  that would mean either a ) men having the power of forcing a woman to abortion or b ) forcing women to keep it and have it . 
  there is no possibility to bring equality in pregnancy . 
  as a wise man once said , thats just nature . 
  or it _ is _ possible to make men have the power in it by making the fathers the decision makers considering abortion . 
  that would of course be nothing but equal to women . 
   its just fair . 
  yeah , it \u00b4 s fair for the father , but not the child . 
  btw , are you saying the men should have this option only in countries where abortion is legal or also in countries where abortion is banned ? 
  edit : wanting equality on the process _ before _ birth and wanting `` equality '' on the process after birth are completely different things . 
  and since it is impossible to give men those rights without horrible human rights violations , the decision is always the woman \u00b4 s. 
  and because it is always the woman \u00b4 s decision that means that what you really want is the possibility for men to have the option not to have any responsibility on their children . 
  however those are completely different things from abortion rights , so i don \u00b4 t see the point discussing them in a thread that considers abortion . 
  you want give men options after the child in this world or you want give men a choice to choose if the child should be born ? 
  what ?
