  you know , that isn \u00b4 t just a sexual crime anymore . 
  he basically took her life . 
  she is , as the person her loved ones knew her , gone . 
  she is never going to live a normal , independent life . 
  and the scale to my knowledge isn \u00b4 t 2-10 years , i don \u00b4 t know where he took it . 
  i can google it when i have to energy to start researching these . 
  yes , exactly . 
  i was myself in favor for light sentences before i actually experienced it myself . 
  i have heard every excuse for them from `` we are using the money the rehabilitate the rapists '' ( which is funny , because my friend \u00b4 s rapist sure isn \u00b4 t getting any education on this matter . 
  or maybe he is , but nobody mentioned it to her ) to that harsh sentences don \u00b4 t prevent rapes from occuring , but you know . . really it is simply because a ) it is too expensive to keep men from the workforce and/or sabotage his career with a sentence b ) jailtime is expensive . 
  it really is about money , nothing else . 
  yup i just found it myself too . 
   i 've seen similar happen to a person close to me , and it 's terrible . 
  yes , it really changes you , doesn \u00b4 t it ? 
  i lost my faith towards the juridical system during this . 
  it does really make you feel vulnerable . 
  10 years for rape ? 
  that would _ never _ happen . 
  the practice is completely different , 2 years * is a very , very rare sentence . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/finland_home_to_some_of_europes_lightest_rape_sentences/5504440 * of actual jailtime . 
  for probation maybe more often , but you know , since it means absolutely nothing it could be 15 years and he wouldn \u00b4 t know the difference . 
  edit : i found one case . 
  the man had raped and strangled the woman for 5 minutes during the rape . 
  she had a severe brain damage and will need assistance for the rest of her life ( meaning she is completely dependent on others for care , so basically a vegetable ) . 
  he got 10 years . 
  will get out after 5 . 
  even if they place them under formal arrest , or even go to court , it really does n't matter . 
  finland has the lightest sentences in sexual crimes . 
  the chances of them actually suffering some kind of consequences are extremely low . 
  i write this with a heavy heart , since it is probably the biggest flaw i personally see in living in finland . 
  i have watched the whole circus from police report to the sentence closely when one of my closest friends was raped , and it was pure hell for her . 
  she said afterwards the whole process was maybe even worse than what happened , and it was n't worth it the slightest . 
  not only did she had to wait in stress for two years for the actual day , the rapist later searched her number and tried calling her . 
  just seeing him was extremely traumatizing , not to mention the whole court process when she had to listen how she had made everything up etc. 
  she is still not over it , and this was 4 years ago . 
  the rapist got a fine he did n't have to pay himself and a probation , so in other words , absolutely nothing . 
  and even this was a `` victory '' , because he had _ some kind of punishment _ which is rare . 
  she , on the other hand , suffered a very severe depression and almost dropped out of school . 
  this sounds horrible , and it is against everything i have been taught/i should know better , but the process was so damaging i don \u00b4 t know if i would go to the police if i was raped . 
  i would never have any justice , i would only receive inhumane treatment which would make the healing process so much harder . 
  edit : for ex . 
  [ one of the worst pedophiles in finnish history ( the link is in finnish , so it doesn \u00b4 t serve anything but i have nothing else ] ( http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-2000000833310.html ) had a 10 year sentence , was released after 5 years . 
  now he studies in the university of tampere , and is extremely interested in sexual matters . 
  he wanted to do his bachelor \u00b4 s thesis in masturbation , beause `` he had personal and empiric experience on that metter '' . 
  he studied at the same time as one of my friend , and she told me he is fucking lunatic and says whatever he wants at lectures . 
  for ex . 
  he tried explaining how `` child molestation is never a crime '' because anything sexual can never be damaging in any way . 
  so yeah . . also , we never publish photos and very rarely personal information of rapist . 
  this and the light sentences are seen as `` progressive '' . 
  in other words , if you ever have plans to rape or be any kind of sexual offender , come to finland . 
  there isn \u00b4 t a single ( western ) country in this world where it is this easy and low-cost . 
  ** edit ** : they just released the full names and pictures of the suspects . 
  i have never , ever seen a picture of a _ convicted _ rapist in the news before . 
  this isn \u00b4 t right , it is not even sure if they are guilty yet !, 
  i don \u00b4 t know what the fuck is happening , can someone explain ? 
  how dare you defend yourself ? 
  of course it is a provocation , now it will be harder for them to attack !, 
  i love the russian bully-but-still-victim-mentality . 
  it is like a huge , brutal bully who gets terribly upset and starts demanding for an apology and explanation when the bullied kid starts taking karate lessons . 
  `` why are you not taking my hits without any defense ? 
  what is wrong with you , do n't you have any consideration towards my feelings ? 
  so what now , i ca n't beat you senseless if i feel like it ? 
  how dare you ! '', 
  yes we got hit by that , but people need to remember that not only were the sanctions demanded and when done widely accepted , we were a part of _ making _ those sanctions . 
  so it 's not like they are forced upon us  it 's all good . 
  can you give me a link ? 
  never heard that one before . 
  we are struggling now because of the sanctions against russia . 
  i have never heard anyone blame eu for that . 
  the sanctions had a very warm support . 
  same . 
  and this is definitely not the first time . 
  you forget the freest press in the world . 
  i am sorry , i didn \u00b4 t understand you were trolling . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  we have had many well educated , successful people move and many taking their businesses to tallinn . 
  there are many qualities that attract finns to tallinn , but these _ we give 0 % corporate tax rate , very smart but still reasonably priced workforce ( $ 1000 net in tallinn per month ) , probably the lowest bureaucracy in europe _ three might be the biggest ones . 
  also estonians are well educated , everyone seems to speak 2-4 languages at least and hardworking . 
   i also think business employees do n't want to go to tallinn ( cold climate , relatively small and unknown city in the world ) . 
  the climate isn \u00b4 t any colder than for ex . 
  in finland or sweden ( and it isn \u00b4 t like we don \u00b4 t have summer which is lovely in all countries ) . 
  i am not sure why you would think that people don \u00b4 t want go to estonia , maybe it is part of the ignorant ancient `` they were a soviet country and therefore a poor backward hole '' - image that should have been buried ages ago . 
  just to be clear tallinn is a modern and pretty nice city ( fun fact : the public transportation is free , at least to my knowledge , correct me if i am wrong ) , you can manage perfectly well with english , there is wifi _ everywhere _ , there are pretty much all the services and entertainment you need . 
  i am pretty sure tallinn will continue to grow and attract people from other eu-countries . 
   but swedes are more educated , progressive and have a better quality of life . 
  can i have a source for all of those ? 
  especially for education , considering how well you have scored in pisa tests . 
  btw just to be clear your racist image of us as inferior forest people doesn \u00b4 t qualify as evidence , it has to be an actual study/research . 
  `` help us '' ? 
  what , why do you need help ? 
  do you need to be rescued ? 
  are you a victim ? 
  and this one too ? 
  c'mon , same in swedish . 
  can we have the same in swedish ? 
  yes i know you are at work , it is very clear . 
  keep going with your brexit-loving , assad-defending , usa-bashing posts and stop replying to me . 
  they do n't pay you for this . 
  remember to take breaks . 
  too much sitting is bad for your health .
