  ~ ~ i do n't know why but this picture is really adorable somehow . 
  probably because it is so easy to forget those are regular humans just like everyone else , even though they do pretty incredible stuff in their work . 
  i just want to put a blanket on each and every one of them and hug them :d ~ ~ what a nightmare , horrible news . 
  stay strong dear portugal , so sorry this is happening to your beautiful country . 
   several european countries are flags of other states with whom they have a tense relationship . 
  norway and sweden , finland and estonia , denmark and norway , nothing but pure hatred and hostile tension between these countries . 
  whoever made the map fucked up with the nordics big time , but it gets even more painful when someone takes it in such a wrong way . 
   in comments , users are divided into two camps : some laugh at the map and admire the ability of its creator to notice the characteristics of each country , while others are angry at the post and complain about its insulting nature of the administration of reddit . 
  wtf is wrong with the person who wrote this `` article '' ? 
  aaw look at that smile , she is having so much fun she is just too adorable, 
  always when i see inhumane temperatures like this i think of all the elderly people dying :( breaks my heart . 
  that is not nice anymore , people and animals suffer . 
  stop being mean it was cute . 
  oh c'mon , a pinch of hate is an essential part of family relations . 
  it means we care . 
  btw interesting username ? 
   why are there so many finns on reddit ? 
  yeah , it just does n't make any sense . 
  why would finns prefer communicating through the cold screen of computer instead of enjoying the warmth of actual human connection face to face ? 
  we do , it 's just a joke . 
  true dat, 
   at least we 're not sweden * gets emotional in finnish * it 's ... 
  it 's like we share a soul . 
  stop it , i already have a friend who does exactly that because he knows how weird it sounds to be . 
  `` stop acting naughty and concentrate on the lecture '' , `` you were such a naughty girl '' and so on . 
  :d i just ca n't get over how freely they use the word . 
  i know right , when i hear `` what is the naughtiest thing you'ever did ? '', 
  i do n't really think of an answer that would belong to a serious political interview . 
  brits are so funny , like seriously [ just the tone of the woman asking that question sounds so wrong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9cdhabfre0 ) . 
  the woman behind her looks so miserable you would think she is about to surrender on gunpoint and not making a wave . 
  well your joke had nothing to with how they met and everything to do with age , just like all the other endless comments and jokes i see here about their marriage . 
  it 's not like you were concerned of the abuse , but nice save though :d there is definitely a double standard and no it is n't just about the fact she used to be his teacher , even though i could imagine that is a common excuse when someone makes a comment like i did . 
  old women are gross grannies and macron is the pathetic emasculated mama 's boy , and you would n't see those comments if it was his wife who was 20 years younger like so many other politicians or men in power . 
  certainly there would n't be a media circus around it . 
  neither , i wish :( i am at work stuck with a sleazy asshole and life is boring , maybe i just wanted to spread the misery a little, 
  he is a great athelete . 
  honestly starting to get a bit tired of the age related jokes , there are just so many . 
  yeah we get it , older women are disgusting and someone seeing them as sexual or attractive beings is so outrageous it is funny . 
  now let 's move on . 
  honestly i think she is so cute in here . 
  same . 
  she looks like she is trying so painfully hard . 
  i ca n't get over it when brits use the word naughty . 
  it just sounds so dirty . 
  horrible news . 
  i had to stop the video , could n't bring myself to watch it . 
  probably the most terrifying way to die your last moments being pure panic and terror . 
  absolutely heartbreaking . 
  is there still people inside ? 
  exactly . 
  it is so easy to think all the heroic thing we would do in a hypothetical situation when you are calm and comfortable . 
  when you actually are in that situation people can behave in ways they never thought they would . 
  taking the time to knock on each door when your brain is on full survival mode is really admirable and that man or woman should be recognized for it . 
  what the hell is wrong with people , so many removed comments ... 
  oh haha it took me a while to get what you meant , corrected it :d, 
  okay i am not a fan of may but that was somehow way too adorable . 
  she is clearly giving her all . 
  okay i admit i giggled a bit , that is a bit funny if you think about it . 
   i have noticed that people doing things are , in fact , alive . 
  reagan was on fire . 
  is n't there other cases where the woman has been prevented of travelling ? 
  like that one where the baby was very deformed like missing a brain ( ? ), 
  or something and they stopped her from travelling . 
   it 's totally possible that that is what the psychiatrists plan was here . 
  he probably intended for her to miss the cut off dates for abortion and force the child to have the baby . 
  i find it strange how little this possibility is given thought , even here on reddit . 
  i think it is like you said , people do n't understand how fundamentally bad this whole thing was . 
  i hope this thread will not be hijacked by the apologists stating that there was nothing wrong in this whole situation . 
  sometimes r/europe really disappoints , the last thread with the top comment with almost 100 likes being something that tried to whitewash and explain away something this disgusting is honestly depressing . 
  this whole circus just shows the suicidal part in the pldpa is nothing but a cosmetic touch and in practice impossible to function properly , since in a decision like this the doctor will be influenced by their personal views and opinion , it would be impossible to be completely objective . 
  and even if they could it should never be a third party deciding for the woman , since no one else can know what is best for her . 
  it should be her decision only being enough , and that poor child was clearly desperate to have one . 
  all this could have been avoided if only they had humane reproduction laws . 
  she should n't have been in the situation the first place . 
  the saddest part is that there is n't information on how long she was and did she she ever get that abortion . 
  obviously she did n't have one in ireland , but the articles do n't tell how long this all took and if the delay caused her to be too long to terminate the pregnancy . 
  however , even if there was time maybe she could n't afford it . 
  so there is a chance she never got it . 
  maybe there already exists another unwanted child in the world , mothered by another `` very young child '' herself who fought with everything she had to stop that from happening . 
  it is just sad . 
  removing human rights will always cause so many victims . 
  you pay for the trip , the actual procedure and for the accommodation is needed in many cases , like if you do your abortion with pills . 
  of course there is also the potential loss of income or childcare expenses and stuff like that . 
  oh right , you are trolling . 
  i thought you were serious there first . 
  edit : just in case if you were n't , a country is n't defined by one thing they do wrong since there does n't exist a perfect one in this planet earth . 
  ireland still very much a progressive western country , this is the only thing that drags behind and that is the reason it stands out , but apparently there will be a referendum in 2018 so maybe it will be fixed soon . 
  also most people are capable of having a little more complex and broader opinions where there can be one thing they condemn but otherwise love and adore the country and its people very much . 
  but seriously dude if you are n't trolling , just stop . 
  you are being a huge asshole . 
  why is it so hard for you to actually answer the question for you ? 
  why do you go around without being capable of giving a proper answer ? 
  just ... what is wrong with you ? 
  because travelling is expensive . 
  it is entirely possible that her parent ( s ) just could n't afford it and that that this was her only chance . 
  the inequality ireland 's cruel abortion laws create is heartbreaking , reserving it for only those who can afford it . 
  one of the many of those sad effects it creates when you outsource your country 's abortion services to another and pretend it does n't exist . 
  it is utter maddness to be forced to pay ~ 1000 $ and go to another country just so you can get to swallow the pills . 
  so do surprisingly manu countries . 
  like finland .
