   what 's important is rhat the rest of the eu sticks together . 
  exactly , nothing is more important than this right now . 
   things are about to be very scary for a while tell me about it . 
  let 's wish everything turns out well . 
  i do n't get it but okay . 
  who is apologizing and for what ? 
   the road may be a bit rocky for a few years but ultimately the eu will eager through its troubles stronger than ever , likewise the uk will find its feet . 
  i wish nothing more than this to happen , it would be the best case scenario possible . 
  however , there is a great chance this will trigger the chain of exists and eu will crumble . 
  as a finn i am not afraid even of the potential financial problems the collapse of eu would cause , but i genuinely fear for our safety . 
  it would be catastrophic in the current situation the world is in . 
  on the other hand , personally brexit has just reminded me how much i appreciate eu and value the bond we share , and i am not the only one . 
  it would be lovely if this would turn out only to strengthen us . 
   let 's take this speech as an opportunity to recognise we are all european , and the eu is not the sum of our shared bond . 
  it is infact the smallest part of what unites us . 
  oh yes , absolutely , well said . 
  i personally wish there would be a _ lot _ more of reminding how crucial unity and friendship is pretty much for the whole western world . 
  of course she will . 
  it would be a political suicide . 
  she would never for a second consider going against the angry , brainwashed people who consider eu to be the root of every single problem they have . 
  and nothing makes people angrier than betrayal and feelings of not being able to control their own lives , the consequences would not be pretty or easily handled . 
  sigh . 
  i guess it is too late to even secretly hope that uk would n't leave . 
  it is happening , it is reality . 
  however , i am sure they will do fine . 
  i would really like for us to do fine too . 
  hard times ahead . 
  edit : slowly realizing how much this will affect me and everyone i care about that are in uk . 
  wow . 
  damn the south korean one is hot . 
  i feel bad for the nk dude . 
  :( looks like a scared child between men . 
  so apparently childlessness is n't a problem for southern european men , so that 's good at lest . 
  but in all seriousness , dear god this question haunts me _ everywhere _ . 
  my grandma was all over me all christmas for not being married and a happy mom of a bouncy fat baby in the horribly late age of just turning 21 , my friends talk about this all the time , i feel like i am reading articles about it _ all _ the time , i think about it myself seriously every single day . 
  am i going to be a mom or not ? 
  this question goes way beyond just money , it has a million aspects and i am way too tired to analyze them all , but let 's just say it is n't an easy one . 
  it is a constant battle between seeing a toddler or baby so heartmeltingly cute , so achingly cute i have seriously scared myself by thinking for a second if i could just kidnap them and go home with that little piece of perfectness , and then there is the brain part about everything else that says do n't have one idiot you 'll ruin your life ( or how about the fact that the earth is already overpopulated ? 
  what if my child is sick , what if they have a horrible life , what if i am a horrible mom , i ca n't support a baby right now , i do n't want to have a baby out of wedlock , i do n't think my boyfriend is ready , i do n't think i am ready etc etc etc. 
  crap like that ) . 
  sometimes though i am with my boyfriend and i am 100 % convinced there is nothing better to do than have a child , no , like 12 children right this second with him , just last week my friend bought a pair of baby shoes to her sister 's baby and they were so tiny and cute that i had to fight back tears in the school cafeteria and i was convinced for a few seconds there can be nothing more important in life than have someone who can wear those shoes . 
  i am sorry if that was a long and super uninteresting rant , i am tired and crazy , but knowing that i am not alone with being insane like this and a lot of women have these mixed-up , confused thoughts can explain even a little something . 
  basically it is a battle between heart and hormons and all the little intelligence i have . 
  however i can say that if we concentrate on pushing the women and ignoring young men , i can guarantee there wont be change to this since most women do n't want to have boyfriends/husbands 10-20 years older than them and that is n't going to just magically change . 
  is it that you guys get tired and just mutually give up or that you need some time to first digest the ideas or what ? 
  that he is a white girl who owns way too many lululemon yoga pants . 
  hahaha :d i was actually just reading how life was in finland during the 1600 \u00b4 s and 1700 \u00b4 s so i think we are fine , thanks though : , d but i have to admit , if we did return to the warm hug of moder svea , our hockey team would be quite fantastic . 
  so if you guys flip some day and decide to reform the glorious swedish empire , not all hope would be lost . 
  i do n't know why but looking at these is strangely soothing . 
  the ukrainian one is hands down my favourite but they are all so beautiful . 
  it is indeed a lovely flag . 
  definitely one of my favourites . 
   whats up with the finland and dutch ranking fight lately ? 
  :p we seem to score weirdly close in pretty much everything , so it just became a fun thing to check whenever a ranking list is posted here . 
  [ ah not again :( damn you dutch people , damn your well-organised health care , your high trade surplus , stable industrial relations and moderate unemployment . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/best-countries-for-business/list/ ) 14 countries on the top 20 are european , yurop stronk . 
  oh and the ireland 's gdp growth is simply mindblowing , can someone explain how they did it ? 
  just , what happened ? 
  unbelievable , we should take notes on how well they bounced back . 
  damn the dutch dominate . 
  healthy bastards . 
  beautiful . 
  i really like this idea , good job mods for starting this series again . 
   i am a little upset that their fries are n't getting the hype they deserve in this thread . 
  belgian frites et mayo is . 
  the . 
  best . 
  and . 
  frites . 
  in this world . 
  simply , no competition , end of story . 
  i do n't even like frites ( and mayonnaise even less ) , but good lord they do something with especially the mayo that it really is ridiculously good . 
  picking up some frites et mayo and eating in the city center enjoying the beautiful architecture is a very nice way of spending a lunch break . 
   a nice touch is that the people are so happy that complete strangers just walking by wish you a good lunch , every time i eat on the street like 10 people say bonne ap\u00e9tit to us . 
   oh and of course let 's not forget the other delicacies , their moules frites are perfect ( naturally ) , moules frites + some good belgian beer is a perfect way to start a night out !, 
  their chocolate is lovely too , not to mention the waffles . 
  overall belgium ( or i have to admit i have only been in bruxelles but whatever ) is a very good nomnom-destination . 
  the people are super nice and polite , in fact one of my nicest memories of being really taken aback from a stranger 's kindness is about a belgian guy . 
  the old town of bruxelles is super beautiful , i feel like there is everything you need for a nice city holiday . 
  beautiful architecture , fun nightlife , culture , good food . 
  just a beautiful city . 
  so basing my experiences in bruxelles , i have only positive feelings towards belgium . 
  other than that i of course associate belgium with eu , comics , just overall i consider belgium to be a very european country . 
  their location makes it easy to travel to many other european countries quickly , they have three official european languages etc. 
  just overall a country with ( imo at least ) with european values : they have a high standard of living and respect human rights . 
  if i remember correctly , they were among the first ones to legalize euthanasia and gay marriage , have high tax rates and i am not sure if this goes right but do n't they have the highest proportions of women in the parliament in the eu ( or more like the world ? 
  i do n't want to google because it would be cheating ) . 
  i remember reading an article about how brexit affects the price of tea , and the most liked comments were something like `` this is anti-british anti-brexit propaganda '' and `` how this can affect the price of tea if tea comes from india '' ? 
  and no , i do n't usually memorize comments and the comment section is cancer everywhere , but daily mail truly has the best one i have ever seen , in any media , and i read news in 3 languages . 
  i am pretty sure the journalists write the comments themselves . 
  nevertheless , it is absolutely brilliant propaganda . 
  people really start believing this like this to be the `` general opinion '' if you see it often enough in the media you follow the most . 
  it was beautiful , as always . 
  i had to do some schoolwork and was really not up to it because i was super hangover and sleepy , but this on the background made it a lot easier . 
  i love the part where the audience claps along . 
  well , they failed to add the most important country in that map so it 's pretty useless . 
  but overall spain , portugal , france , austria and uk win this one . 
   does he deserves also the online donation they collected for him if it turns out he was already dead and did not contribute to the swerving of the lorry ? 
  he does n't deserve or get anything anymore , because a terrorist brutally took his life . 
  i ca n't really understand how people can even toss ideas like this .
