  of course you are going to comfort eat to the point of not resembling a human anymore and be generally a shitty racist-misanthropist . 
  i ca n't imagine how traumatic the experiences he must have experienced to turn out like that . 
  no amount of money is enough to compensate that . 
  aahahah that 's hilarious : dd, 
  i know right , seriously unbelievable . 
  i stumbled to it back in 2013-2014 when i was still a naive and innocent high school girl who just wanted to learn english and read about british politics . 
  finnish newspapers tend to be politically independent ( even though we have our share of crazies going on how the left dominates and blah blah , but seriously it is pretty clean and at least trying to come across as non-biased ) and therefore i had ideas that newspapers had at least some moral codes and obligations to stay at least somewhat objective ( just in general i was n't aware how the british media worked with their split between tabloids and serious journalism etc ) . 
  i remember being just genuinely shocked how can this be the level of journalism in one of the most developed countries in the world . 
  especially the articles written about scottish independence were stunning . 
  just how blatantly they mocked their will to be independent , making it seem like the scots were some simple trolls unable to make it on their own and how their only motivation was racism and hatred towards the english . 
  seriously , i remember reading crap like maybe the only reason salmon supported independence is because he was in love with an english girl who left him and therefore he is bitter , sturgeon 's `` ugly '' school pictures were analyzed and mocked , the william wallace `` freedom '' - references ( btw this made the brexit-propaganda so much more funnier ) and all that jazz . 
  they truly are something else . 
   completely different owner ~ ~ s ~ ~ this would probably be the biggest reason . 
  i am pretty sure that there is money exchanging its owner when deciding what they are going to publish . 
  to me it just seems like the level of propaganda is too intense and systematic to be something else . 
  there is a reason why for example the guardian is asking for donations right now ( btw , if you appreciate their effort , support them ) . 
  they want to keep their journalism as independent as possible , when daily mail is going with the sensationalism , ridiculous adds and if i may guess , something else too . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you on that . 
   stop role-playing as a country , idiot . 
  clearly the british people collectively wrote this headline , it 's obviously not just tabloid sensationalism it 's the second most read newspaper in your country , give some credit to it . 
  maybe not as a whole since you do have some quality newspapers , but yes , your two significantly most popular newspapers are pure toxic waste of racism , misogyny , xenophobia , propaganda and just overall completely brain-dead shit . 
  i find it hilarious how offended some brits are when people point that out , just like you and r/clockworktangerine are trying to downplay its influence and how it affects your image as a country . 
  as much as you would like to pretend this is happening only in r/europe ( since whining about this sub seems to be the standard answer to everything ) , people really are genuinely shocked how horrible pure shit your two most popular medias are . 
  you do n't understand how blatant the contrast can be when people compare their newspapers to yours . 
  it is natural that those are seen as the face of britain , since that 's what your public supports . 
  unfortunately blaming r/europe wont change that . 
  i would _ never _ argue than those newspapers are good in any way , what i meant is that those indeed are good examples of _ british _ journalism , just not examples of good journalism . 
  there is a difference . 
  well , they are the two significantly most popular newspapers in your country . 
  i would n't call something that obviously is well liked and most supported by your readers something that are `` worst examples '' of how british journalism looks like . 
  our summers can be cold but they are nothing but bleak , we make up for the dark periods with 24/7 sunlight in the summer . 
   otherwise this seems pretty accurate . 
  haha i appreciate it buddy but it was n't me who voted with their wallet since i had no plans to go in the first place , but i certainly am not booking anything for the future . 
  considering these are all average people ( especially since both of those families have young kids ) who just want to have a nice holiday in stable conditions and of course somehow express how they feel about the dutch being called nazis ( this was the main reason for my coworker ) , i have a hard time to believe that what u/wawwu described would be happening just in the netherlands . 
  i hope that when the tourism suffers ( which btw has already happened because of terrorism etc so this will be even more serious ) that nutjob manages to take a long hard look in the mirror what could be the reasons for that , but unfortunately i do n't think he is capable of doing so . 
  nevertheless i am sure one of turkey 's biggest industries will pay dearly for his behavior . 
  haha that too , but they do have to have something to get the ladies on board , hence the hotness . 
  ha , i already know two families who cancelled their trip because of what happened . 
  also i have a coworker who was supposed to go there next month but she cancelled , even though it cost her and her bf . 
  how can you feel safe in a country where the leader has gone completely insane ? 
  but of course they want to show solidarity to the dutch too . 
  the way he is behaving is unacceptable . 
  edit : corrected many errors , jesus i really should n't try to reddit while walking . 
  also changed my coworker 's part since i asked and she confirmed they are not going . 
  living the high life . 
  nope , that 's not it . 
  happy cake day and thanks for posting that great comic :d, 
  nope , just hot french men . 
  i hope she really keeps her word and goes on with it . 
  i do n't think delaying it will benefit anyone , it will only create a more inflamed situation and add fuel to hateful propaganda . 
  the quicker we got this over with ( or at least moving ) the better , they have to start demanding result of their own politicians instead of using eu as a scapegoat for everything and hopefully the eu-countries can start to concentrate on more beneficial things . 
  or then i am just delusional and this will be a start of an exhausting two year shit show . 
  sigh . 
  it 's not only about how rich the country is , it is about how evenly that wealth is distributed . 
  all the countries ranking above britain in this list are also above britain in income equality ( for example gini index ) . 
   if that 's not evidence of a poor allocation of funds then i do n't know what is : / yeah exactly , britain has pretty low social mobility and is a class society , so the fact that there are a lot of ridiculously wealthy people and a good economy does n't warm those who are stuck . 
  finland  6 . 
  netherlands as it should be n_n . 
  but hey where is canada and australia ? 
  sorry if i am blind and too lazy to read the link , but why i do n't see them in the list ? 
  i ca n't believe they are letting an opportunity that good slip away . 
  just imagine if we could still wonder may may trigger brexit in may , so much more fun . 
   so your premise is , the uk was all welcome and accepting but then one vote happened and suddenly the country has magically transformed into bigots and racists . 
  '' ... but your country ( and i am guessing you did too ) literally just voted to leave just because they hate foreigners '' . 
  i think it is perfectly obvious what i meant , and that was that you claiming that britain makes foreigners feel `` far more welcomed than anywhere else in the world '' would have been easier to believe _ if your county just had n't made a major decision to keep the foreigners out _ . 
  of course nothing changed overnight , it was that attitude that lead to brexit . 
   sorry , that 's not how it works . 
  i am sorry , i do n't understand what you are trying to say here . 
  that 's not how what works ? 
  that brexit was n't fueled by xenophobia and racism ? 
  that brits do n't really enjoy reading xenophobic , racist toxic waste called the sun and daily mail , they just somehow happen to be the most sold magazines ? 
  you are sorry , that is not how things work because ... you say so ? 
  because feels ? 
  because what ? 
   you 're going to have to justify your hatred of my country in another way . 
  aw , bless your heart . 
  so let me get this straight : there is an article about how nurses do n't feel welcomed , you as a nativ brit swoop in to dismiss those figures and feelings of being second-class citizens , telling how in fact britain is one of the most welcoming countries in the world , state that the reason why people `` might get an impression '' that britain is hostile to foreigners is because of your media with its huge presence and anti-foreigner agenda . 
  i reply to you pointing out that your country just voted to leave ( and what it tells about your country ) and that what your media is n't some random force operating without the support of people , and in fact it reflects what people enjoy reading . 
  and they want to read racist xenophobic crap . 
  and millions of them just voted to keep out eu-citizens ( and , sadly , refugees ) . 
  so , in short , if someone dares to question your rosy nationalistic view , it must be `` hatred of your country '' and therefore playing the victim is a reasonable ( you see that a lot of that here in r/europe ) . 
  if you stretch your mind enough , you just might see why challenging your reaction to tell how these people are wrong and views about how your country just must be the most welcoming in the world considering the resent events just _ might _ be something else `` justifying my hatred towards the uk . '', 
  i 'm sure he had his belly full , a mouth full of teeth and smelled wonderful . 
  long life expectancy as well , for sure . 
  maybe he was participating the russian-finnish war in 1809 , which would be even better . 
  otherwise my ignorant guess would be it was religion , poverty , bad food , bad hygiene , too much children and death . 
  children dying before reaching the age of one , women dying in birth and pregnancy , people dying in disease , just filthy boring hard life until the sweet relief of death released them . 
  what they could have even done for fun ? 
  pretty much just sex and that 's all . 
  that 's not what i asked , i was confused why he brought that up in the first place . 
  the fact is that we do n't know if finland would be independent today ( or if the finnish language would even exist today , or if finland had been the first country in europe to grant truly universal suffrage , so many things ) if sweden would n't have lost finland to russia . 
  maybe we would n't , maybe people would be happy in that way , who knows . 
  branding fennomania as solely anti-swedish sentiment is quite oversimplifying the concept . 
  it was basically idea that finnish should be the first language in finland , since the large majority of the population was unable to use their mother tongue in any kind of administration , school , university etc. 
  in other words , it was the idea that one should be able to speak finnish in finland , even though finnish was considered as a barbaric peasant-language and sweden much more suitable for sophisticated situations ( maybe some people think still think that , considering our alien-language can sound quite funny ) . 
  viewing the improvement of the finnish language as something that was only anti-swedish is examining what happened on the viewpoint of those who supported swedish-minded svekomania ( sorry , no idea how to translate that ) , since obviously improving the position of finnish language was benefiting the position of finnish speaking finns . 
  also fennomania was not something that started on the 19th century , it was much more something that was built on the foundation of fennofilia that was already there in 1600s-1700s . 
  the finnish identity and especially how finns were treated under swedish power is n't perfectly understood ( or more like documented ) , which tells something itself , but considering the seed was already there i am pretty sure it is safe to consider that the life of a poor finnish peasant fighting the wars of sweden and dying on hunger was n't dancing on roses . 
  sorry i am on my phone , i hope my answer is somewhat comprehensible . 
  jesus this took me for ever , my fingers are frozen .
