  you are somehow now attacking me for something i did n't state , and then promoting fgm . 
   though the foreskin does have about four times the number of nerve endings than the labia , so it 's actually more of a loss for the male . 
  oh , that 's why . 
  removing your inner and outer labia is much less severe than removing the foreskin , you are right . 
  i understand the feeling of unfairness causes anger . 
  but if you are seriously wanting to stop mgm , i suggest you try influencing people with actual facts and not attacking the people who agree with you with you . 
  also one thing that could greatly help would be to be concerned of _ all _ genital mutilation , not only the male one . 
  you seem really upset . 
   whatever , if you ca n't deal with different opinions , do not post , or do , i do n't care . 
  you are right , i ca n't deal with someone calling a person i love a violent cunt when that is n't her . 
   according to you , this is what she said : `` how it would be great it would be if finnish guys would be all circumcised '' yeah because she is so mesmerized about the new dick she thinks she has `` seen the light '' and how others get to enjoy this treat too . 
  i think it 's perfectly obvious she is n't circumcising anyone , nor influencing the way we feel about dicks . 
   if a guy went around saying all girls should have big boobs just because he likes them , i would think he is an asshole . 
  if you are triggered by the `` c word '' , does it sound better if i say your friend sounds to me like an asshole ? 
  well she is n't going around saying that , she would never say that to an actual guy . 
  she said it to her friends in a group that has known each other since we were 5-years-old . 
  and i am sure she does n't actually think every finnish dude should have a dick like that . 
  it was my poorly worded phrase , this is about her personal preference that _ she _ thinks would make sex better for other women , which is stupid but does n't make her an asshole . 
  she is hypocritical and i personally feel her opinion sucks , but at the moment her boyfriend 's penis is unfortunately ruined for good so at least she enjoys it . 
   it 's provocatory , but interesting . 
  it 's not `` interesting '' , it 's nothing but an insult to both me and my friend . 
  i am not going to validate a question that calls her a violent cunt with an answer or start to explain that there is a possibility his deep analysis might not be correct , especially since i do n't see any reason why i would owe him an explanation about anything to begin with . 
   if you were friends with someone who supports fgm , this question would be a given everytime you mention this fact about your friend . 
  i should remember this is reddit and not write anything since it must be _ super serious _ since redditors do n't say stupid shit to their closest friends . 
  my friend does n't `` support '' mgm in a way that would actually affect one human being in this world . 
  she is in love with his new boyfriend 's penis and tried to rave about ( to me fucked-up ) taste on penises for us and we got to an argument . 
  i mean that was your point , was n't it , so i just helped you to get there . 
  why are you confused to receive such answers after asking an insulting and stupid question ? 
  i was thinking low iq or whatever it was that inspired you to pose that question . 
  for the same reason you go around asking stupid questions . 
   a majority of leave voters do n't really care whether other eu member states leave or not , unless perhaps you 're using / r/the _ donald and alt-right shit posters as being a representation of the entire uk . 
  lol yeah , sure , the_donald is the only sub wishing eu to collapse , we do n't have any brexiteers right here in r/europe doing that . 
   , i wonder what she would say if you told her that you would n't sleep with a woman who had n't undergone clitoral hood reduction or labiaplasty ( popular plastic surgeries that are still classified as fgm ) . 
  i think she would be extremely concerned since i would have obviously lost my mind . 
  :d but yeah i get what you mean , if a man told her that she would flip . 
  i ca n't imagine her reaction if her boyfriend would suggest her pussy would be `` prettier '' and `` cleaner '' without a clitoris , she would use violence . 
   we should n't allow it for minors unless it 's for medical reasons , period . 
  exactly this . 
  if you are walking towards someone , make them focus on your face and smile . 
  if there are a lots of people watching you , make sure they concentrate on your waist . 
  works best on heels though . 
   i 've always been taught to let your hands hang by your side i do n't know , when you start concentrating on your hands i think you 've lost the game and it will look awkward . 
  :d just be natural and concentrate on how you are making other people feel , not how you look and you are good to go . 
  aww he looks a bit like an awkward penguin . 
  a super cute handsome boss penguin but still . 
  he is adorable hihi ( : we flipped when this started playing , i really loved his speech too . 
  the attitude towards male genital mutilation genuinely baffles me . 
  why we are so okay with cutting little boys penises ? 
  why we accept it as `` culture '' in so many countries , but label fgm as medieval monstrous abuse ? 
  i do understand how severe the health consequences are in fgm , how much it hurts and how it can cause death not only during the operation but after when the girl menstruates or gives birth ( usually killing both the mom and the baby ) , but still , they both come from the exact same place : punishing people about their sexuality , reducing their sexual pleasure and trying to keep them what they see as `` pure '' . 
  there is simply no reason why we should n't treat mgm exactly as we treat fgm , the fact that the consequences might not be as dramatic does n't matter anything . 
  what matters is that we have normalized mutilating the private parts of little children when they are boys . 
  i actually had an argument about this just last week with my friends . 
  we were watching old satc episodes and there is this one where charlotte refuses to sleep with a guy before he gets a circumcision . 
  my well educated , human rights supporting friend whose new boyfriend is circumcised started saying how she understands her , since circumcised penises are so `` pretty , clean and they last longer '' and how it would be great it would be if finnish guys would be all circumcised . 
  this is a person who would get homicidal if someone suggested how great it would be if finland would start practicing fgm . 
   it 's strange - all of them probably have jobs , families , school - do things with friends . 
  individually they probably have moral codes . 
  but together in this anonymous community that bends towards fascism , they turn into monsters . 
  it 's the scariest example of what reddit is capable of . 
  yeah , it 's a great mystery , why people turn so completely heartless in internet . 
   it 's the scariest example of what reddit is capable of . 
  you know what , i have to agree . 
  there exists all kinds of twisted shit in reddit , but seeing a picture of a little child , blood on his/her head , a little doll next to her , and grown men and women saying french people enjoy killing their children and rejoicing about the coming attack since now the french `` choose '' it , for me personally that crosses a line of what is acceptable . 
  i had to fight tears after seeing that tiny covered body . 
  you have to be special kind of sick to see that picture and think `` hey , i am going to use this to prove my political point '' . 
  and many of those supporting the idea are parents themselves . 
  it is beyond me . 
  oh , 4chan and everything else ( including the finnish 4chan ylilauta ) was around when i grew up , i just chose not to go there . 
  i am not sorry at all that i am not desensitized to crap like this . 
  i am genuinely upset after visiting their sub . 
  they have a fucking white truck in the front page , and thousands of people upvoting messages and threads wishing a terrorist attack would happen . 
  this is not okay anymore , this is more than just trolling around . 
  i know you should n't let internet affect you but i really wish i have n't checked it . 
  people are fucking _ sick _ . 
  edit : i would like to single out one comment since it really made an impression on me . 
  this masterpiece was spotted as the most liked comment on a thread with a picture of a small child 's covered body and a title stating how french people voted macron because they want to keep killing children . 
   liberal `` people '' think we 're angry because a candidate we liked lost . 
  nope , the real reason is we do n't like seeing kids getting murdered by savages , i know that 's hard for liberals to understand since they delight in the suffering of innocent kids i think at some point it would be great if we could acknowledge the fact that reddit has a sub that puts quotation marks one the word ` people \u00b4 when talking about a group that has different political views than them , not to even mention the rest of the text . 
  i think we have enough examples of what happens when people dehumanize and demonize others based on their political views , and it is perfectly safe to say quote above is a text book example of those two . 
  at some point we should start considering that maybe they are n't just shitposting , trolling or supporting their own candidate ( s ) . 
  aand we are crying now in here . 
  after ~ ~ 2026 ~ ~ 2016 , i genuinely believed that the union would collapse . 
  instead , 2017 has been the year of optimism and unity . 
  there is rough times ahead , sure , but i have much more hope for the future now . 
  you just saved us all french brothers and sister . 
  thank you for that . 
  \u2764 and you showed where you think the muricans should shove their `` le penn '' hype . 
  aand you won us 5-1 in hockey . 
  god damn you guys are good . 
  edit : oh my god . 
  please if you respect your mental health , do not visit the_canard right now . 
  they are actually fantazising of a terrorist attack in there . 
  about time someone put them in their place . 
  dear god they are pure psychopaths . 
  on which issue ? 
  whatever , both , all of them , everything is going great . 
   t_d is going to be a saltmine ... 
  it must be a huge disappointment when the candidate of whose politics you know absolutely nothing about , whose country you ca n't locate on a map or whose _ name _ you ca n't even spell right just lost , but who you rooted fiercely for because the only thing you knew was that she does n't like dem mozlims . 
  i wish them strength during this difficult time .
