  nothing but pure crap . 
  i need to bring this to finland asap . 
  goodye to my studentloans and being broke . 
  gorgeous . 
  somehow soothing to look at . 
  ahaha that 's hilarious, 
   the brexit was the best thing that happened - for russia i applaud his very rare but when it does appear admiringly strong honesty . 
  okay now it starts to bother me since i do n't know if this was only your sarcasm or if this really is some kind of general belief among russians . 
  since i 've seen exactly this on the same thread . 
  feast your eyes on these two , direct quotes :  dude , in 1930s , only 2 countries in europe were democratic : uk and czechoslovakia . 
  the rest were more or dictatorships , including your beloved baltic states , finland , poland and romania . 
   you know , ussr also had elections , and stalin was n't even formal leader of ussr . 
  however , de-facto , he was . 
  same with finland : mannerheim was de-facto the sole leader of finland . 
  kinda leaves you speechless . 
  is this a thing , is there a common belief that finland was ruled by a dictator ? 
  ( btw ping u/notreallytbhdesu if you want to participate since i am honestly interested ) . 
  _ oh my god you are actually comparing finnish and soviet elections _ . 
  i thought that maybe it was just a slip and therefore did n't want to overreact in my first message even thought it was offending , but now i am seriously worried . 
  please , i really need to know : were you taught this in school ? 
  did you read this in your media ? 
  or is this your own conclusions you have done ? 
  or are you just trolling in purpose ? 
  i really , really , _ really _ did n't know that mannerheim was the `` sole de-facto leader of finland '' . 
  i am honestly shocked right now . 
  in case you are not trolling , please open your mind and let me me educate you . 
  i can assure you these are actual facts . 
  if you were taught in school or if your media stated otherwise , they are pure propaganda . 
  so , in a really tight nutshell : in 1917 we had our independence , in 1918 we had a bloody civil war . 
  there were two groups , reds and whites . 
  the red rebels were rebels inspired by what was going on in su at that time and wanted the same in finland , backed up by you guys and whites were the `` official government '' of finland that wanted to free finland from soviets ad rejected socialism ( this is a much more complicated issue than just one sentence and i have to keep it short : reds were pro-bolshevik poor workers , whites were the senate of finland ) . 
  mannerheim was the leader of whites during war and the whites won . 
  after the war , the closest thing you come to being right is the fact that he was widely respected and seen as the savior of finland ( by the whites only first , later former reds accepted him too ) . 
  the closest thing to him being a de-facto leader was in 1929 when lapuan liike ( i do n't know how to translate that , but in short they were a nationalistic right-wing group ) asked him to guide them . 
  first he sympathized them but later rejected them since they proved to be radical and violent . 
  but stating that mannerheim was the _ sole leader _ is absolute , pure horse shit . 
  mannerheim was the president in 1944-1946 and that is the only time he was the _ leader _ of finland . 
  all other time he was acting as a military leader . 
  he was an independent candidate in the first presidential election ever in 1919 but lost the election to st\u00e5hlberg and _ definitely _ was n't the leader after that . 
  in fact , during 1920s his bad relationship with st\u00e5hlberg and him being the `` white general '' that was despised by many ex-reds who were in the ( democratically elected ) government , kept him out of politics and even from being nominated as the head general . 
  now we get to the 1930s , the time when you claimed he ruled . 
  after travelling , doing humanitarian work and stuff he returned to finland where he ended up rejecting the lapua movement and got more involved when the new president , svinhufvud ( was white , was a key player in finnish independence ) was elected in 1931 . 
  svinhufvud chose him as chairman of finland 's defence council , and the most `` secret '' leadership mannerheim got was when it was decided that if the war broke , mannerheim would be the commander of the finnish army . 
  in 1933 , 15 years after the civil war , mannerheim was nominated as the first and only war marshal ( direct translation , sorry ) . 
  this was purely related to defense , he was not leading the country , not de-facto , not directly . 
  in fact , during 1937 when st\u00e5hlberg almost won again he made clear he would give up his position as a military leader if he won , however kallio with whom he got along won . 
  even then , mannerheim constantly failed to get the resources and more money he pleaded for the defense , since he knew finland was poorly prepared and he did n't trust you , as he should n't have . 
  people did n't listen to him all the way until winter war broke . 
  he even threatened to quit his position in 1939 when the government rejected the possibility to get a loan from us to buy military equipment . 
  so yeah that 's why when you guys decided to pay your shitty visit in 1939 , we were so grossly unprepared . 
  i know you wo n't probably read this , and it is crazy to put this much effort in a reply ( i am on my phone ) , but it genuinely scares me that you state something like that so confidently . 
  i hope the above helped you clear how it would n't have been even possible for him to lead during the 1930s , not to mention before that . 
  i would really like to know if this is a general opinion or your own thing . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : that is completely , pure , 100 % bullshit . 
  during 1930s the people leading finland were the four freely and democratically elected governments ( 1930,1933,1936,1939 ) and two presidents svinfuvhud and kallio . 
  mannerheim was n't de-facto or public leader , not to mention `` the sole leader '' in any way during 1930s , his role was in the military as a marshal . 
  in 1939 su attacked a sovereign democratic country and therefore starting the winter war . 
  it is highly insulting to compare the governments of finland and su . 
  in fact , mannerheim was very concerned about the dictatorships in europe that time and tried to prepare finland for war , but was denied money and equipment by our government . 
  that 's how influential he was during 1930s . 
  mannerheim was the commander in four finnish wars ( two against su , one we were fighting ourselves , one against germans ) but the only time he actually lead the country was when he was the president during 1944-1946 . 
  i am sorry for the countless grammar mistakes and if it is messy or if some dates are wrong , i am on my phone . 
   dude , in 1930s , only 2 countries in europe were democratic : uk and czechoslovakia . 
  the rest were more or dictatorships , including your beloved baltic states , finland , poland and romania . 
  that is not correct . 
  finland was a democracy in 1930s . 
  we had four parliamentary elections , ~ ~ three presidential elections ~ ~ sorry for the mistake , two elections but three presidents and three municipal elections during 1930s . 
  anyone over 24 had the right to vote . 
  on a side note , we were the first country in europe to grant women the right to vote and the first country in the world to grant universal suffrage in 1906 when we were still under your power . 
  so i do n't know where did you get your information from , but it is not true . 
  tbh i am a bit concerned about it . 
  edit : honestly the number of upvotes bothers me . 
  lol , nope, 
  yes . 
  all of those . 
  you are out there . 
  as in the first message , you are kinda desperately looking for something to attack that is not there . 
  that 's because i am guessing you 've had many of these conversations before . 
   try to downplay it by saying how much worse fgm is , . 
  i take offense at people saying how much worse fgm is what you really want people to say is that the psychological and physical effects of removing foreskin are worse than fgm . 
  what you are really looking here is that people would acknowledge that the reason mgm is allowed and practiced int the west but fgm is n't is not because women and babies die , get chronic pain and get several severe health conditions from it , but because of misandry . 
  you complain about downplaying mgm , but do exactly on that on fgm ( your excuses about `` how it is n't allowed in west / `` harshest practices are rare '' neither actually prove how mgm is `` worse '' ) , and that is probably because of your raging misogny . 
  i think you personally care much more about that than the actual issue , and that 's what you would like to hear from example from me . 
  that 's why you state how removing foreskin is `` more of a loss '' than removing labia ( apparently inner and outer both . 
  i do n't even want to know if you consider that hars ) . 
  i think cutting penises is wrong . 
  i would never do that to my child if i get one one day . 
  it is very uncommon in finland , the only finnish dudes i know have had it done for medical reasons when they were already teens/adults . 
  i am willing to participate in the fight against mgm and make people acknowledge how evil it is . 
  however , i will never say that removing foreskin is worse than the many forms of fgm . 
  if that excludes me from people welcomed to fight this problem , too bad . 
   yet people only ever focus on how much worse fgm is and miss the point entirely . 
  how about if you would stop focusing on it and fight the actual issue , that being little boys being mutilated since it is what should concern you . 
  hey btw can i get the source for this `` when the harshest forms of it are actually quite rare . '', 
  and what you consider to be the harhest forms . 
  edit : checked your post history . 
  was n't surprised . 
   the argument for mutilating males to make their penises look better is about as valid as defending slicing off a females labia to make it look better . 
  both the foreskin and the labia are anatomically similar , so why not ? 
  i honestly do n't know what you are trying to say here .
