  since , you know , everyone is assuming that this can \u00b4 t possibly the reason they were sent . 
  uhm , yes i have since i wrote those . 
  and please be free to point out the part where i started attacking the commentator on a personal level like you are doing to me now . 
  your point is entirely what is wrong with me , not on what is wrong on what i wrote . 
   i mean i 've never been on tumblr myself , but you 're the first one i 've encountered on this sub _ who actually fits almost every criteria _ . 
  funny , me neither . 
  your last sentence is so strange i don \u00b4 t even know what to comment . 
  nope , it was not . 
  your point was that they chose only women , so obviously it is because they `` had to make a point '' or promote equality or whatever , and that \u00b4 s why they let the girls play . 
  not because the women were skilled professionals . 
  this can be seen all the time , not just in this case . 
  if this was just a picture of an bunch of men over the table with the caption `` european and iranian negotiation team '' you would have never written `` oh , i wonder if they _ really _ chose the best negotiators '' , because you wouldn \u00b4 t have even paid attention to the gender . 
  overall if that was the case , the comments here wouldn \u00b4 t be on the gender , they would be on the actual issue they are working on . 
  oh wow , it surely didn \u00b4 t take long for these kind of remarks to start . 
  what exactly is stupid ? 
  if it was not `` purposefully '' is it still stupid ? 
  it is funny , you always see this comment when women are being the majority of something but _ never _ when men are . 
  i have never in my life seen a picture of male-only politicians , businessmen etc and somebody commenting `` i hope they chose the best ones '' ( aka surely if it is an all women group it is because of their gender , not because of their skills ) . 
   do these people truly believe the mere existence of gay people will bring the end of civilisation . 
  yes , many of them do . 
  i have listened when a woman i respect and who is the nicest , most caring old lady in the world telling me with a maniac look in her eyes how finland will receive god \u00b4 s curse if we accept gay marriages . 
  i think they truly , truly believe those kind of things . 
  also i think they are many factors that make being anti-gay so easy and tempting . 
  first , if you are religious and straight , you earn easy religion points/increase your possibility of going to jannah/heaven/whatever without actually sacrificing or doing really anything . 
  you can be superduper serious christian who spends his/her days fighting the holy war against homosexuals and gets a lot of thumbs up from god and praise from other christians without actually doing anything that would take real effort , discomfort or struggle . 
  why not concentrate your precious energy and time to fight against for ex . 
  extramarital affairs ( a lot more common thing that actually causes harm to families and marriages ) with the same passion than against gays ? 
  because it is not fun . 
  then you should behave yourself and except the same from others ( who you are cheating ) , and actually dump the affair behind your wife \u00b4 s back ( which you have perfectly justified for yourself ) . 
  that would force you to practice improvement ( or not , and just be a huge hypocrite ) and the people around you would be mad at you for judging them . 
  with gay-hating you lose nothing but gain a lot . 
  the same reason why most ( and certainly the loudest ) anti-abortion activist are men . 
  but with russia i don \u00b4 t think it is about religion . 
  it is about russia creating the clear enemy , the corrupted west , that the brave , traditional family life respecting , wholesome russia fights against . 
  the safe haven where toxis west with their ideas of feminism , gender and gays have not polluted . 
  i remember reading in 2009ish an article how the stalin-aged propaganda with it \u00b4 s ideas of anti-gayness were rising their head in russia . 
  hating gays is the easiest us-against-them-setting . 
  hitler did it , stalin did it , there has not been a totalitarian system where gays have not been the target . 
  oh and of course there are the secretly gay people who make it their life mission to bash gays to cover up their guilt/anger towards themselves . 
  whatever the reasons in those countries to act the way they act are , the result is not going to be good . 
  it is always a sing of things turning worse when the anti-gay-propaganda starts gaining popularity ( or starts being forced to people ) . 
  it is either a sign of religious extremism rising or the rising of anti-democratic , anti-human rights values supporting government . 
  sorry for the long boring rambling , i am just extremely concerned on this issue and have though a lot on this for the last ~ 4 years when attitudes seem to have slowly getting worse in certain countries . 
  gay-hating hurts everyone and is always predicts bad things . 
  i am so worried . 
  and sorry for the gay people in hose countries , and sorry for people like you who even have to read this kind of shit . 
   sure if you 're religious fine , but you still have a brain . 
  yeah , about that , how could i put it ... no but seriously , they don \u00b4 t. 
  something is missing . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t matter if you show them scientific fact about how a ) there has always been , and always will be gay people b ) it is not a choice c ) no matter what you do , they will still be gay . 
  if someone can \u00b4 t process something so simple , no matter how much you show evidence or talk about it , there must be something wrong . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t matter that they are told the only result of gayhating is that gays will be scared in public , or commit more suicides , or are forced to live in fake marriages to fit in the society . 
  it won \u00b4 t stop gays being born or having sex . 
  if that is too challenging , you don \u00b4 t have a brain . 
  seems like [ mass serenades are an irish thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqsx52hd0wo ) . 
  love the irish ( fans ) , they seem to possess the capability to have a good time ( or should i say craic ) and keep the spirit up in a way everyone enjoys themselves . 
  i have been in ireland two times and both trips were _ insanely _ fun . 
   a group of irish men were filmed helping an elderly couple change a tyre , another group of pals were filmed singing to a nun , while videos also emerged of irish revellers cleaning up after themselves . 
  : , ) ah you irish , why you so lovely . 
  a boy or a girl ? 
  umm , what ? 
  those would be the hard-working honest athletes who actually deserve to take part . 
  which he claimed didn \u00b4 t exist ( and therefore ridiculed the competition ) . 
  your point is ? 
   the sanctions have overwhelming popularity among finns this is true . 
  many were angry and demanding more actions , not the opposite . 
  if this is the price we have to pay , we are fine with it . 
  and it \u00b4 s not like we didn \u00b4 t gain anything from it , we got putin-cheese for like a week . 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  sometimes a symbolic gesture is the best way to get the message out there loud and clear . 
  obviously the person refusing to shake his hand has had enough , he has a right to let him know that . 
  sadly for many politicians unflattering media attention is the only thing that wakes them up ( and makes them do something ) . 
   i mean come one , everyone in the run for a medal ( in other words : anyone competing at the highest level on this earth ) is 100 % on some form of drugs , absolutely no doubt about it . 
  no , they are not . 
  not only is that extremely disrespectful to all of the hard-working honest athletes ( who are already suffering because of people who have the same kind of mentality than you ) , if that is a common argument used on why we shouldn \u00b4 t punish russia , it is even more important to do this and make the message clear . 
  you are not only downplaying russia 's actions , you are ridiculing the whole competition and the athletes taking part . 
   and studied nude  having a physically fit body was extremely important to the greeks . 
  greek boys _ would begin physical education either during or just after beginning their elementary education _ . 
  in the beginning they would learn from a private teacher known as a paidotribe . 
  eventually , the boys would begin training at the gymnasium . 
  i am kind of regretting i [ googled `` education in greece '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pederasty_in_ancient_greece ) . 
  i can only imagine the situation where there is the one guy insisting all the hot toned athletes should be naked . 
  `` so nobody can cheat and we can examine the performance better , geez guys what did you think ? '', 
  ah that makes sense , thanks :'d, 
  quick question , was it allowed to go for the genitals ? 
  like , try to rip your opponents balls off ? 
  or was it where they drew the line ? 
  ... btw why was nakedness necessary ? 
  maybe not the best , but vappu ( finnish may day ) is great fun . 
  we celebrate it by wearing sailor hats and eating munkki . 
  the sweet , promising first moments of approaching summer , the festival spirit of unity and respect for the workers and academics , very catchy commie songs and absurd amount of alcohol makes us forget our shyness and really brings us finns together ( which doesn \u00b4 t happen often ^ if hockey isn \u00b4 t involved ^ ) . 
  for ex . 
  last year i found our neighbor passed out in top of our lawnmower wearing a tinkerbell-costume the day after . 
  it was the first time i have ever spoke to him . 
  i lived 12 years next to him . 
  hey guys this is bullshit . 
  what happened to `` our revenge will be the laughter of our children '' - spirit ? 
  the question is so absurd you might as well could have been asking `` if birds start pooping money could we solve world hunger ? '', 
  or anything else similar . 
  the answer is no .
