  huh , i ca n't possibly answer ... too many . 
   what 's the best food on the continent ? 
  italy , france , ~ ~ spain ~ ~ , greece and of course portugal !, 
   where can you find the prettiest women in europe ? 
  at my house ofc . 
  hehe but seriously , it depends on what is your type . 
  if you fancy more the paler/blonder type , northern europe or central europe is more for you , southern europe is if you appreciate that more tanned darker beauty , eastern europeans have the reputation of being feminine and stunning . 
  whenever you go , if there is young people there tends to be beautiful people . 
   in name of equality , the hottest guys are in ireland , norway , france and ~ ~ spain ~ ~ portugal imo . 
  \u2764 \u2764 vive la france , vive la r\u00e9publique, 
  i do n't see the point of this post . 
  at all . 
  oh god , he looks like he is suggesting a threesome and everyone else are uncomfortable as fuck and try to play it a as a joke but he just does n't drop it . 
  or that super creepy drunk uncle who goes on and on how beautiful young women you 've become with your sisters . 
  seriously that was so painful to watch . 
  leave the dutchies alone . 
  if these thingies make sweet sweet love to dutch tastebuds , who are we to judge ? 
  btw my friend who studies in holland finds bitterballen to be very tasty , so maybe looks can be deceiving . 
  oh look , we _ almost _ managed to have a light hearted thread about sweden without involving immigration and/or muslims , and what a tragedy would that have been . 
  so great that you swooped in to prevent that from happening , thank you so much for your contribution in this discussion viharikos ( btw his name means hatercrime , shocking ) !, 
  of course he looks happy , belgian fries are heavenly . 
   and everything was great . 
  norway in a nutshell . 
  til i have the dutch disease . 
  i smiled at the picture , then saw ops username and it was even better . 
  : , d honestly somehow he looks so cute . 
  like a happy little war-mongoose peeking out of his nest . 
  to tell a girl to man up ? 
  that is gender equality for you ? 
  nice to hear since then my dad is the most equal man in this planet , i heart that like once a week at least :d about pushing me into the wilderness all alone , that i agree on . 
  finnish dads ( dudes ) do n't really care that much about princess treatment or whatever you want to call it . 
  ah , the old classic summer cottage toilet you were always so afraid of falling into . 
  or going when it was already dark , and then you tried to ask your dad to walk with you and he would tell you to stop whining and man up which is pretty strange when you are a 10-year old girl . 
  then you had to take one of your sister which was horrible since they would always scare you . 
  that awkward moment you have so many arguments listed that you ca n't give one . 
  :d  yes , you are clearly the moron . 
   personally i 'd say it 's pretty obvious you have no idea what you 're talking about hmm yup i think we are done here , good day to you sir . 
   teachers can tell students not to speak finnish in recess . 
  the school administration can tell finnish speaking teachers not to speak finnish to their students in the dining hall . 
  teachers speaking finnish in the teachers lounge are asked to change to swedish . 
  not just children , but adults too . 
  and not speak swedish in sense of learning swedish , talking swedish to swedes and using it at school ( and everywhere else ) that would be about integration like so many in this thread try to make it about . 
  this is about not wanting finns talking to other finns in finnish . 
  but please dude , wild horses could n't stop the french from speaking french to each other if they have an opportunity to it , abroad or not . 
  i do n't have to know you to guess that if you left france and had the opportunity to speak french with a french co-worker just between the two of you during the lunch break you would do that , or that you would teach french to your kids . 
   a swedish speaking finn in helsinki usually has more in common with a finnish speaking finn in helsinki than they have in common with a swedish speaking finn from ostrobothnia , much less swedes from sweden there we go , _ exactly _ this . 
  thanks for putting in words i could n't , since this is the most accurate answer in this thread . 
  as a finnish-speaking finn ( in helsinki  ) whose neighbor , one of best friends , huge amount of friends and most importantly ex-boyfriend of two years is a swedish-speaking finn reading something like freddan95 here is suggesting is quite confusing . 
   you pussies just stop it , aina saa h\u00e4vet\u00e4 . 
   oppressed minority , you say ? 
  perhaps we should intervene !, 
  finally we get to put that expensive and time-consuming monster to use !, 
  for non finns , the reason we have mandatory army service for men is that we \u00b4 re preparing to invade sweden . 
  that reminds me , the funniest russian troll i 've ever met online was this sweet dude trying to convince me how we finland is n't really threatened by russia , but sweden ( hey btw , is anyone else worried about the amount of disinformation spread about sweden ? 
  what 's up with it ? ), 
  and especially norway . 
   moron , where exactly did i say that they are n't finnish ? 
  you claimed that they are as culturally finnish as finnish speakers , which is n't the case . 
   they are just as finnish as everyone else , yup , i am _ definitely _ the moron in this conversation . 
  i meant exactly what i wrote there . 
   also helps that you are culturally more similar and more familiar with the country you are moving to . 
  oh is that so . 
  : , d please teach me more about the identity of swedish speaking finns , because this is completely new information to me . 
  let me guess , because swedish-speaking finns are n't alcoholic drunks stabbing everyone around them , right ? 
  i have seen some studies how little swedes know about finland , but it never really hit me until i started meeting swedes ( or even reading the opinions of swedes in reddit . . ) , but it is quite shocking . 
  btw , what he is expressing here is a prime example of the attitude some people have against finns and what kind of stereotypes are still well and alive in sweden . 
   like that 's the only thing where they are similar to us . 
  well , please , enlighten me sir . 
   they would have been ours if the league of nations had respected the opinion of the inhabitants . 
  personally i think that if they felt like joining you guys they would be completely free to do so . 
  and btw , those few people i actually know from ahvenanmaa do n't feel swedish , they identify as \u00c5landers , however that is anecdotal evidence . 
  but i guess you know this better too . 
   that 's just not true . 
  oh no , is that so ? 
  damn , i have to inform everyone this dude from reddit knows their identity better than they do , it must be quite shocking to hear so long in your life how you actually are n't finnish . 
   they have always been significantly overrepresented when it comes to emigrants from finland well no shit :d of course when you speak the language it is easier to emigrate . 
   and they are culturally much closer to sweden than finnish speakers . 
  oh yes , that crayfish party once a year really sets them apart , the cultural differences are just massive , i hardly can manage being friends with them . 
  i see this _ all _ the time . 
  not about swedish speaking finns but between sweden and finland . 
  i still do n't know what those differences are . 
   also this 5 % figure includes people from \u00c5land , who are only finnish in the sense that they are finnish citizens . 
  come get them then , hihi . 
  no , but seriously , it actually is n't and i would love to hear what is your source for that . 
  that 4,9 % is about continent finland . 
  edit : altough it is important to point out since we are discussing this that some swedish-speaking finns feel discriminated and not welcomed to speak their language in public places too . 
   arabic is waaay bigger than finnish , syrians just became our largest minority group , and then there are hundreds of thousands of iraqis , palestinians etc. 
  haha i thought about adding that maybe arabic is the biggest language now since i was unsure of that , but was too lazy to google it . 
  thanks for the correction . 
    i 'm not sure what you are talking about regarding laws against finnish in the workplace , that sounds crazy . 
  https://yle.fi/uutiset/3-5813258 sorry i do n't have any other source for that , it 's in finnish . 
   and the teachers restricting finnish during recess can go fuck themselves < 3, 
   is the discrimination towards specifically finnish , or any language that is n't swedish ? 
  specifically finnish . 
  no other language is treated this way to the point of making laws prohibiting people speaking that language at their workplace . 
  ~ ~ however it is fair to note that no other language has as many speakers than finnish in sweden ~ ~ . 
  or i could be wrong , maybe teachers are telling somali and polish kids not to speak their own language during the breaks too . 
   the ~ ~ finish ~ ~ finnish minority was mostly immigrants and refugees with refugees you mean the kids sent there during the war ? 
   the swedish minority was native to finland . 
  they are not a swedish minority , they are a swedish-speaking minority .
