  i am blocking you now sweetheart . 
  dude , it is 11 o'clock . 
  go home . 
  eat with your so and call your mum . 
  i am sure she loves you despite your career choices . 
  it sure is n't a russian troll if there is n't accusation how usa is really the bad one in the mess . 
  works like a clock . 
  so tell me , i have wondered this for a while now , how much they pay you ? 
  what kind of favors ? 
  it \u00b4 s okay english , don \u00b4 t be jealous . 
  one day you guys will learn how to enjoy watching sports without beating people senseless ~ ~ or stop being brain-dead enough to believe people like nigel farage ~ ~ and then you might have a medal too . 
  hey i found the english . 
  i have a mental image of this , a french maire giving medals and irish guys queuing . 
  `` on the behalf of france , thank you for being awesome . 
  merci for awesomeness , please come back soon . 
  you too , thank you for being irish and therefore awesome . '', 
  haha , oh no :d hihi yup i have no shame , you can \u00b4 t choose your fetish . 
  no but really i am writing with my phone and this is the result . 
  dublin was great , but the few nights i spent in galway were just unbelievable . 
  i would totally recommend ireland too , one of the most fun trips of my life . 
  i really ~ ~ wank ~ ~ want to visit iceland now after watching them play . 
  i am sure it would be a lovely trip . 
  your last sentence is so heartwarming . 
  :') oh you irish you so lovely . 
  but yeah , do n't you just want to go there and comfort her ? 
  it waa horrible listening to her , sweet little lady so scared . 
  listening to her broke my heart , i just want to put my arms around her and protect her :'( sweet old lady being treated like this . 
  my friend has received hostile comments too . 
  this is the first time ever , she _ never _ felt like this before . 
  first one was by a stranger when she was talking to her mother on the phone ( finnish ) , the next which was more heartbreaking for her was a customer who is usually quite polite/normal , she is a regular , and she commented how my friend can now leave after finishing her degree so she does n't take a job that would really belong to a brit . 
  i have had plans to study there too , but i do n't feel safe or welcome anymore . 
   should they be allowed to separate peacefully but violently is okay ? 
  how many people you except to die before this can happen ? 
   the referendum gives us a clear mandate to keep the uk united and sovereign . 
  there will be a new vote on scotland \u00b4 s independence . 
  if this will not be allowed , you guys should just change your name to the great soviet union of united kingdom . 
  the latest referendum gave `` sovereignty '' to one country and that was england . 
  the exact opposite happened to scotland , whose opinion was completely ignored . 
  if you are so orgasmic about your new `` independence '' , i am surprised you are not allowing real independence to scotland . 
  or maybe independence is a respectable value only when it considers your own country . 
  i would have paid money to see his facial expression while [ listening his beloved leader day after voting . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca3xtyfzd1i ), 
  results about what ? 
  maybe the results of a fiasco that was created by two opportunist so vile , that they were willing to threw away the future of their homeland for their own career \u00b4 s sake ? 
  `` exploit '' ? 
  scotland is in a situation where it \u00b4 s will had been completely ignored , where they were walked over and silenced by an another country . 
  two years ago , one of the biggest reasons to stay was the eu-membership . 
  what kind of reaction are you expecting from them ? 
  i am sincerely asking this . 
   i 'm tired of this opportunism from sturgeon and the snp as a whole . 
  are we living in the same planet ? 
  edit : the uk is not a country . 
  england and scotland are not the same country . 
  well put . 
  i find it hilarious that leave voters are furious because they got exactly what they voted for . 
  `` i am getting exactly what i asked for !!, 
  this is not fair ! '', 
  all hail the queen !, 
   i still can not fathom that people still voted to leave even though there was and still is no plan , from a to z. 
  the whole campaign was about sentimental , abstract , emotional stuff . 
  it was a vote on values , nothing else . 
  i was shocked when i compared the [ leave-campaign reasons to leave ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/why_vote_leave ) and [ the remain reasons to stay ] ( http://www.strongerin.co.uk/get_the_facts ) . 
  just the name of the bremain page ( get the facts ) tells the difference really . 
  i think this was the main reason people are so angry . 
  this is madness . 
  when you are someone who votes because you are told `` we will get britain back ! '', 
  i don \u00b4 t think you are going to question after a plan , or even if there is a plan . 
  when you really don \u00b4 t actually promise anything concrete , it is extremely easy to not to prepare for anything . 
  because there is nothing to be prepared for . 
  nigel can fuck off . 
  sincerely , the rest of the world . 
  exactly . 
  i really , really hope eu puts extra effort to help scotland in any way possible that is best for them . 
  if it is the possibility to stay , great . 
  if not , i would love if we could give special treatment to scotland after brexit because they wanted to remain and deserve none of this shit . 
  if england has any decency they will accept the fact that scotland should have the best deals and most benefits in negotiations , since they have screwed scotland in every way possible . 
  if not even this , _ when _ they become independent i hope they can skip the usual long application process . 
  i have been amazed how incredible leader nicola is . 
  never knew she was such a badass before this , but she truly is the best and most professional leader in the whole uk , hands down . 
  i think it might be best . 
  you too , and i actually mean that . 
  i hope things work out for everyone , right now it seems so dark . 
  edit : i hope your friend gets better . 
  it can be extremely difficult to support someone in that position and heartbreaking , but you just need to hold on to them even if they try to push you away . 
  i wish you strenght for that . 
   if i was to ever move to finland i would want to already know the language and be taking a job that means i make a meaningful contribution to the country i don \u00b4 t have the energy to comment on anything else on your post , but no , i would never expect that . 
  i don \u00b4 t expect you to know how to speak finnish even _ when _ you are here . 
  as long as you are happy and feel that you can manage without finnish , it is all good . 
  i know a dutch guy who has lived here for 20 years but still don \u00b4 t really speak a word of finnish . 
  because our language is so fucking hard weird elftalk . 
  he gets on well with english . 
  also yes , it would be good to have a job . 
  for your own benefit mostly . 
  but i certainly don \u00b4 t consider for ex . 
  british women who stay home for maternity leave not to be `` a meaningful contribution to the country '' . 
  i remember reading an article about a british guy who unfortunately suffered from a very severe depression and not being able to work , and talking about his guilt to collect benefits . 
  my last idea was how i want to send him back or something else stupid . 
  o.o i see this is not very fruitful . 
  i think i have said everything that i have to say and you understand perfectly what my point was . 
  have a good day sir .
