  what a strange source of happiness you have . 
  um , would you mind including the source of your quote ? 
  i have to check if  female couples have more parental rights than male couples this is true , but in terms of adoption it is n't . 
  i would like to point out that starting this day , same-sex couples do n't only have the right to get married , this law also opens up the option of adoption for them . 
  so this truly grants equal rights in terms of starting a family , not just marriage . 
   a beautiful day that took _ way _ too long to come , but it is finally here . 
  so let 's celebrate and be proud of ourselves . 
  i ca n't tell how angry people were to this guy what a stumbling idiot . 
  this was in 2013 during obama administration , i am genuinely surprised that people seriously considered america a bigger threat than russia to world peace . 
  i would 've said if anyone is going to trigger the ww3 it will be them ( and what do you know , a year later they were in ukraine ... ) . 
  i do n't know how reliable this study is though . 
  however , right now in 2017 with their current leaders ? 
  with the orange manchild and bannon ? 
  yeah . 
  lool i was so confused when i quickly glanced this and thought italy thinks portugal is the biggest threat to world peace . 
  : , dd like i did n't know there was something ( not to mention that serious ) going on between those countries . 
  was definitely a wtf moment before i opened the picture and got a better look of the flag . 
  of course we are confused . 
  even those who used to strongly feel we should join nato ( like myself ) do n't know what to think since the orange lunatic came along . 
  unfortunately the best years to join nato were about 20 years ago . 
  people are already uncertain how seriously to take the threats we have been told would happen if we joined nato , but taking the risk _ now _ when we should rely on the 70-year-old baby who has more than suspicious activities going on with russia ? 
  yeah , no , fuck that . 
  i 'm not putting my trust in trump . 
  of course nato is more than one person ( or more like one country ) , but it still makes it a lot less attractive in my eyes . 
  however , if there was a referendum right now ( which should absolutely not happen ) i would probably still vote yes . 
  still , compared to how confident i was about my opinion when obama was still in charge , there is a tremendous difference . 
  trump has that effect since no one knows what to think of america right now . 
  sad . 
  hahaha thanks dude , that 's very kind of you maybe i can teach the babies to poledance too so we can be a great circus act and come to perform to you guys as a way to pay back !, 
   might be the fact that most of our population was against nato until ukraine happened can we really be sure about that ? 
  what were the reasons why people opposed nato ? 
   people saw that paasikivi-kekkonen doctrine worked it did ? 
  i would n't really call finlandization that much of a success . 
  i understand what you mean and you do have a good point . 
  it is something i have wondered myself too . 
  however , unfortunately it is not that easy anymore . 
  _ if _ we would have had capable politicians back in the 90 's and early 2000s , we would have joined when su had just collapsed , weak and not a threat . 
  the right time was then , right now i am pretty sure the door has closed . 
  but unfortunately they were idiots and did not act the way they should have acted . 
  the funny thing is that koivisto who is one of the people responsible of the fact that we are not in nato did manage to for example greatly help estonia 's nato negotiations . 
  what held him back on our case , ca n't tell . 
  i just read an article about this subject and the response was something like `` it would 've been too hard '' . 
  our dear eastern neighbor does n't hold back one bit telling us what would happen if we joined now , and something so serious must be taken into consideration . 
  should we decide independently about our defense politics and not giving a rat 's ass what a foreign country thinks about it ? 
  sure , it should be like that . 
  however it is not . 
  also , on my personal opinion , my feelings about nato have greatly changed . 
  i do n't view it as the possible safety net it used to be . 
  trump has changed everything . 
  and this is coming from a very pro-nato person . 
  my feelings are mixed . 
   putin would love to grab finland and the baltics . 
  i know you or anyone else saying things like this do n't mean bad , but i am uncomfortable with this . 
  i do n't think we should normalize the idea of russia attacking us . 
  i 've read so many articles in foreign medias on how we are on our toes and basically ready to go any minute now , and i genuinely do n't think it benefits anyone . 
  first , because just discussing it like it is a realistic scenario waiting to happen eats away the possible shock factor if indeed something happens . 
  people are already `` used to it '' and therefore the reaction would be much much milder . 
  secondly , simply just because please spare my fucking mental health here . 
  i am not okay with discussing the possibility of war , sitting here in my comfortable apartment in one of the most stable , rich and developed countries in planet earth , like it could happen any minute now but i should just continue my normal work/school grind like it is nothing . 
  for some reason i do n't find the idea of dying/starving/all my male friends/family dying painful deaths that simple to process that i could just consider the possibility and then continue like it is nothing . 
  both my grandmother and grandfather was in the war and they were _ definitely _ traumatized , you can see the effect even in my dad to this day , i 've always grown up thinking that war would be the most terrifying possible thing to happen . 
  when my ex/all other male friends were in army i had these horrible nightmares of them dying . 
  i am so tired of reading crap like this and having the threat , no matter how mild or impossible it seems , being the back of my mind . 
  after 2014 what used to be just a completely absurd possibility and something that belonged strictly in history is now something that is tossed around so lightly . 
  in short , i am just so fucking done with the subject and everything that it has to do with . 
  we as a nation are exhausted with this topic . 
  is it really too fucking much to ask that i could just concentrate on graduating university and dream about getting married , popping out six healthy babies and becoming the best pole dancer in the world , not about if we are all going to die and/or if my country and everything i know and love is going to be destroyed . 
  in short , enough with this subject , we are a nice country and do n't hurt anyone , just let us be ffs . 
  i want so bad back to 2010 when the idea of me discussing with my friends about this would 've been completely ridiculous . 
  i am surprised of a lot of things we have done . 
  like not joining the nato and the ridiculous `` neutral '' position we have . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  appreciate it . 
  that 's what we would hope at least . 
  how about no . 
  there is nothing epic in this swamp creature . 
  but i do n't blame him though , i would be bitter too if i was surrounded by norwegian dudes and looked like that . 
   like finland - but less drunk and with better looking people . 
  ftfy . 
  the government of estonia , you are now free to use this as your new tourism motto . 
  you are welcome . 
  that second youtube comment on u/somedudeelsewhere is nothing but a way to joke about how norway is more relevant and known globally than us and that he is `` jealous '' about it . 
  we finns tend to shit our pants with excitement when other countries notice us/we are mentioned somewhere , like seriously , if you do n't believe me go to check conan o'brien in finland stuff on youtube . 
  and it 's _ definitely _ not a list of top-hated countries , those are the closest and most important countries ( dare i even say dearest ) to us ( however i would like to exclude russia out of that list since we have a different relationship with them ) . 
  we do n't `` hate '' sweden , it is probably the most important country in the world for us since we do n't co-operate with any other country on the same level than we do with them . 
  we share a history , cultural traits , we learn swedish in schools etc. 
  the hating is what you could compare to siblings giving a hard time to each other , sure fighting 600 years of their wars and other stuff like that gives a fun kick to it but i seriously ca n't think there could be one finnish person that _ genuinely _ would hate sweden . 
  making fun of them and enjoying beating them in ice hockey on the other hand ? 
  it 's our national hobby . 
  i am sorry if your message was just a joke i was too dumb to detect and ended up freezing my fingers off writing a boring lecture no one cares about anyway . 
  there it is , this definitely manages to annoy me . 
  or at least my experience in reddit . 
   `` so are we in east sweden ** or west russia ** ? '', 
  okay whoa there is a limits even when joking , let 's not get carried away . 
  hihi < 3 those cheeks and round tiny bellies are seriously irresistible, 
  ohhh my god those two bear costume babies how can anyone handle that much chubbiness and cuteness \u2764 \u2764 pretty grateful to live in a country that is pretty much the best in the world to be a ( working ) mom . 
  i hope our current government does n't manage to fuck everything up before i get to that part when i can start having babies . 
  it 's true , i do . 
  ask anyone . 
  not great , _ tremendous _ .
