  because english is neither exotic or romantic . 
  unless it is spoken by a sexy irish guy , then it is the most beautiful sound in the world . 
  or sometimes with an english accent even . 
  oh well the scottish one is great too . 
  and australian , now when i think about it . 
  oh wait yeah , that 's just you guys . 
  miss\u00e4 tossa edes on video ? 
  very well written . 
  definitely not replacing it with russian , i ca n't imagine what kind of hell would break loose if pakkoven\u00e4j\u00e4 would come to schools . 
  :d but yes , the time of swedish is long gone . 
  it is pretty much useless in a global scale , and when a finn and a swede meet you can be sure both can speak english . 
  of course there is the fact that the youth/people in general simply do n't _ want _ to learn it , and that leads to pooe results . 
  when you are forced to something that might feel like a waste of time it is basically energy , resources and time wasted . 
  we should have options of choosing from chinese , italian , portuguese , japanese , whatever , instead of forcing one useless language . 
  i know that personally i would have benefitted much more from that . 
  i am surprised so few countries chose chinese , only france and spain . 
  dude , you are so impressive . 
  even knowing s\u00e4kkij\u00e4rven polkka , just whoa . 
  is there any similar hungarian show with english subs i could look ? 
  your language is beautiful . 
   btw , i did a quick search and found only `` phil collins [ hangover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfjwef-2wug ) '' to have english subs ? 
  have you seen that episode ? 
  it was the first one i ever saw and it introduced me to pasila . 
  edit : oh no it is only 3 mins long . 
  i celebrated too early . 
  oh so you are from germany now ? 
  how do you know pasila ?? 
  i am seriously so impressed right now . 
  okay , so . . our mentalities are so extremely far away from each other it is kinda hard to have a productive conversation about this . 
   the us does mandate maternity leave , but in many areas it does not -- for example , the government does n't specify paid vacation minimums . 
  sorry , i thought the fact the maternity leave must be paid so automatic i didn \u00b4 t think of even highlighting it . 
   i think that a number of folks in europe equate the existence of a perk with the government mandating it , paid maternity leave is not a `` perk '' , it is a must that any civilized country should have . 
  also , unlike you , `` europe '' ( in general , i am here speaking of my country finland ) doesn \u00b4 t considerate employers or companies to have the right to decide on such important issues . 
  of course it must be decided by the government . 
  this is just , uh . . 
  i am not sure if it just my english or can you really mean something like that . 
   whereas i 'd just say that it lets the employer optimize the form of compensation . 
  ** it is in the interest of an employer to offer perks that cost it the least relative to what the employee values the most . 
  ** it is not up to the employer to decide something like this , leaving the mother completely on their mercy . 
  also , mind you , there are unemployed mothers too . 
  they must have a paid maternity leave too . 
  apparently it is not , since usa scores badly in gender equality and is a bad country to be a mother , compared to here . 
  finland is the best country in the world to be a mother/working mother . 
  those practices you are praising has lead to the housewife culture your country and has made being a working mother very hard . 
  if that pleases you and fits in your values , great . 
  to each for their own . 
  personally i wouldn \u00b4 t want to have a child anywhere else than in finland ( or any nordic country really ) , especially in the states . 
  :'d take a wild guess . 
  your question does n't make any sense . 
  exactly whati was thinking . 
  the reason we are on top is probably this . 
  `` would you fight for finland '' means automatically `` would you try to defend us from russia '' here , so that explains the results . 
  interesting , thank you !, 
  christians from _ germany _ . 
   the local court said the law does not provide legal consequences for the `` consent '' of victims in cases where the child victim is from ** 12 ** to 15 years of age and able to understand the meaning of the sexual act . 
  `` this creates an imbalance between legal benefits and sanctions that should be preserved in crime and punishment , '' the application stated . 
  alright then . 
   she highlighted that the already acute problem of child brides in turkey , of whom there are already around 3.5 million , would deepen following the ruling . 
  i can \u00b4 t think of a better issue to be tackled at this time in turkey , it is wonderful they are truly concentrating their efforts to make progress in turkey , especially in the well being of their female citizens . 
  without no doubt this will bring turkey one step closer to joining eu . 
  well done turkey \u00b4 s constitutional court !, 
  my only complaint is they failed to somehow include a few beautiful quotes of erdogan \u00b4 s wisdom on women \u00b4 s matters to justify this , because his views without no doubt support this . 
  well to be fair it works on every other religion . 
  also personally i truly appreciate the fact that the french think that religion is a personal matter and leave you alone on that department and that bringing up your religion is kind of impoli . 
  of course it brings some problems ( in a form of for example the disputes over hijabs in school etc ) , but i personally like the idea of religion being a personal matter very much . 
  this might be a very ignorant comment ( and yes i am too lazy to click the link ) , but is n't the most of radicalization happening in , well , mosques ? 
  no , i am not saying in any way that the mosques should be banned or other ridiculous shit , but would n't it be more efficient to control the ones that already exist ( to get rid of the bad apples ) , than build new ones ? 
  edit : actually read the article . 
  yes there is definitely the risk of radicalization when the mosques are funded from rich persian gulf countries that practice wahhabism , like saudi-arabia etc ( if anyone actually knows about this subject more , meaning the link between these countries and the process of radicalization , please share ) , also they naturally want to influence what is being taught and their lifestyle simply doesn \u00b4 t fit the western one . 
  however , how it is known that if the mosques are funded by the french muslim themselves that there wouldn \u00b4 t be radicalization ? 
  i mean , is the answer truly that simple ? 
  i am just confused , i can \u00b4 t see clearly how this is the solution . 
  if someone is more educated about this subject , please explain . 
   edit : thank you guys for teaching me , i appreciate that . 
  i learned a lot on this matter and i am glad i posted this , even on the fear of sounding stupid . 
  my understandment/knowledge was close to zero , but every day is a good day for learning . 
  i think the real question here is does the uk police shoot unarmed blacks . 
  no any nordic countries either , especially glorious helsinki . 
  well to me it is . 
  i trust our military in a sense that they would never try to do a coup d \u00b4 \u00e9tat or anything like that 100 % , because the men in the military are my friends , cousins , dudes i study and work with . 
  of course i trust them 100 % . 
  beating the russians , well , dunno . 
  i have zero understatement of military . 
  all i know they do stuff in army that would leave me crying for mom and i respect them for going through that . 
  tough bastards . 
   when i watch the poliisit show on finnish tv aww , you watch that on tv ? 
  are you living in estonia or finland ? 
  but yeah the police is great , i have never felt afraid or anything with them . 
  i do trust them , and the idea of being scared of them shooting and killing me is ridiculous . 
  they speak in general in a very nice way . 
  not that i have had a lot of interaction with them , a few times when i was underage and drinking , they just throw the liquor away and send a letter to your parents . 
  once my friend got a ride home when she said she didn \u00b4 t have any money , she was drunk and she said that she is afraid to walk home alone . 
  i like our police in general . 
  of course there is things that could be even better , but they are doing their best and i respect them . 
  oh sweet jesus i checked your page . 
  christ i thought you were just slow but you are batshit insane . 
  i can \u00b4 t believe i wasted all this time with someone whose hobby is this : https://www.reddit.com/r/russiawonwwii/ you need help . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europeisperfect/ https://www.reddit.com/r/americaisbad/ https://www.reddit.com/r/angryirishreddit/ ... 
  i didn \u00b4 t understand your problems were this scale . 
  this is not normal , and i am not saying this in a mean manner .
