  i hate him so much . 
  i am so confused . 
  edit : oh and happy portugal day of course !!, 
  hey you are right !, 
  crazy how different it looks when you have a different perspective , i totally see that now . 
  i mean i teach a few dance classes now and there and take pole myself , but _ line dancing _ ... 
  the line must be drawn somewhere , to prevent moral panic and protect our societies from collapsing . 
  even my sinful corrupted soul blushes when i see that pure seduction . 
  for a safer future for your children and family , vote no to line dancing . 
  hmm . 
  i find it strange how many british redditors i see blaming this sub when something that does n't match their views is published . 
  it 's ... weird . 
  maybe instead of making super witty comments about the sub , you could actually provide arguments why making the comparison is false and what is wrong in the picture ? 
  that would be more effective , right ? 
  and if you ca n't do that , maybe the problem is somewhere else than in the sub ? 
  i have no idea what i was trying to say . 
  neither of those i guess though . 
  i wish people would n't need the `` not even case of rape '' - shock factor when talking about abortion ban , like not only not having access to safe abortion would n't be enough . 
  abortion is one of the most standard procedures in this planet earth , it has always been done , it will be always be done , and reproductive rights are basic human rights that should be respected as such . 
  when you take the right to a safe abortion away , the result is over 47 000 women dying from complications of performing and unsafe abortion and millions severely injured every single year . 
  that number does n't count other tragedies like suicides , which leads to heartbreaking situations like desperate teens committing suicides in countries like nicaragua ( total abortion ban , completely illegal ) and el salvador ( total abortion ban , 50 years jail sentence ) . 
  banning abortion is barbaric and costs lives . 
  if i have understood correctly , abortion is illegal in northern-ireland except when the mother 's life is in danger , and that dup support banning abortion in all other cases than when the mother 's life in is danger ( correct me if i am wrong here ) . 
  also apparently they voted back in 2016 about abortion in case of rape and it did n't pass . 
  wonderful . 
  of course not allowing a woman who have been raped not to have an abortion is horrible , but the only reason we raise that to be the most `` shocking '' and despicable way of being anti-abortion is because that is the only time that woman should n't be punished for having sex . 
  it 's not her fault , she should n't be forced to carry the consequences right ? 
  unlike when she opened willingly her legs to man and got pregnant . 
  she should have thought of that before having sex . 
  they deserve it and a human life is a reasonable punishment . 
  not allowing abortion even in case of abortion is particularly upsetting because it highlights how those countries view raping as less a sin than abortion and the woman 's life and her right to live her one unique life without being forced to something she ca n't do as less than the life of the fetus . 
  those two things , punishing women for having sex and seeing us as most importantly mothers and humans only after that are the reason to all abortion bans , we should n't give the rape-card a special attention . 
  because banning abortion is horrible ( please do n't start the rambling about abortion is 8 months , most civilized countries have week limits , like up to 12 in finland , and after that when there is something wrong in the baby or the mother ) , in all cases , and should be treated like that . 
  all irish women who are forced to travel ( hey , at least they can do that . 
  or well , those who can afford it can . 
  those who ca n't , what could be a more reasonable than forcing a girl who ca n't afford taking a ferry trip to have a child , right ) to end their unwanted pregnancies , like in case of fetal deforms , when their health is in danger ( yes , not even that covered in irish laws ) , when they simply _ ca n't _ have a child , no matter if it is about their age , physical , mental or financial situation , if they simply do n't _ want _ to be a mother , are all equally tragic . 
  why should the only tragic option be the one where the person is forced to motherhood against her will when she did n't consent to sex , since they claim it is n't about punishing women , it is about the babies ? 
  because the root is in misogyny , and it does n't change anything even if it was a married woman making love to her husband , who already has children ( the most common type to have an abortion in this world ) , who has together with her husband decided they need to terminate the abortion . 
  she still had sex _ willingly _ and she needs to handle the consequences . 
  not to even mention the fact that allowing abortion in case of rape is basically nothing but a cosmetic feature to make the laws look more humane . 
  why , because it would be pretty much impossible to put correctly in order so it would be simply never or very rarely used . 
  to allow someone to have an abortion is case of rape , that would mean that the rape has been legally confirmed and the rapist convicted , right ? 
  i mean what other way there would be to do that ? 
  if we would just trust the word of the woman that she was raped and allow her to have an abortion , that would be , well , trusting the word of the woman that she needs an abortion . 
  what would be the difference of just allowing abortion ? 
  and what comes to rapists being convicted , i do n't know the whole procedure in northern-ireland , but i seriously doubt it somehow drastically differs from finland . 
  if we skip all the crap about how hard it is for many women to report a rape in the first place and go straight to the court process , in finland waiting the court day can easily take two years , even with the maximum speed it will take many months . 
  also , very , very few of the rapes reported to the police will actually lead to a conviction ( to give an example , in 2014 940 rapes were reported to the police , in the same year 21 were convicted to prison and 15 were given probation . 
  of course those were n't the direct results of the same rapes , but you get the idea . 
  it 's pretty much every year roughly 20 people go to jail , ~ 15 people get probation ) . 
  rape is one of the most difficult crimes to prove it happened , and very often there is nothing but the word of the victim and the assumed rapist . 
  either northern-ireland would completely throw away our western juridical system where always guilty unless proved otherwise , start believing every woman and convict men like in a factory with super short trials and perfectly knowing that of course many girls would try to use that way to get an abortion , or then they would just leave the conviction-part completely out of the picture and just believe a woman telling she needs an abortion would get an abortion , or then in practice nobody or just very few girls just would get an abortion because of a rape ( the most likely thing to happen ) which would mean that the whole thing was unnecessary in the first place . 
  so in other words , it is impossible . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : sorry for the rambling and super long text , but the point is that can we start condemning all the dup ( and the abortion laws in northern-ireland and ireland ) policies altogether in abortion as they are , which means backwards , harmful , misogynists jokes as they are , and stop singling out the one where the woman is raped ? 
  because women suffer terribly because of those laws , and it is cruel to the other women who have been in that situation to see their state as somehow more justified or less tragic because they consented to the sex . 
  maybe we can just say that the abortion ban is ridiculous and very sharia law-lish . 
  which may be a good comparing point , since saudi-arabia and nothern-ireland have the same abortion laws ( only in case of the mother 's life or health , btw that ca n't be said about the republic of ireland . 
  i think it says a lot when saudi-arabia and many muslim countries are more progressive than you ) . 
  since in the picture `` abortion/in case of rape '' are lumped together and only thing it does it that it shows that apparently abortion ban is shocking only when it is n't allowed even in case of rape . 
  you see a lot of people specifically singling that out when talking about the dup abortion laws here in reddit too so that is n't an exception . 
  so let 's just drop the rape part and we are good to go . 
  oh my god , she really has lost it . 
  i am really starting to feel like a m, 
  looks like a pretty firm slap , depending on the day that can be quite a painful way to touch a boob . 
  his wide smile afterwards made it even more awkward . 
  and how do you know that ( ; no but seriously , politics can be entertaining even when they make you cry and tear your hair with desperation , i know that from experience . 
  if entertaining has the right sound , would you prefer not boring ? 
  hahaa i wish i have read the comments before writing my own !, 
  my thoughts exactly , maybe we are up to something :d all the stuff about fox hunting and internet just really made it look like she is fucking it up on purpose . 
  honestly i am starting to believe they are doing this on purpose . 
  two _ huge _ fuckups in such a short time , it just makes it very easy to play around with conspiracy theories . 
  i mean , she managed to throw away the easiest win ever with a campaign that was so bad it really raises a questions . 
  cameron really wanted britain to leave the eu and may really wants a soft brexit and that 's it . 
  or then they just genuinely are this stupid and out of touch with reality . 
  which one is a better option , i do n't know . 
  well , it would be lovely but never gon na happen . 
  it would make way too many people way too angry . 
  brexit is such a tiring shitshow , endless source of drama . 
  i think we 've all accepted it is happening by now , so let 's just get it over with . 
  i think that in the end it might even turn out for the best for everyone . 
  or not . 
  whatever . 
   upvoted p\u00e5 lilla my . 
  people who do n't bother to vote because `` it does n't make any difference '' should see this . 
  whaat ?? 
  just woke up , this is the first post i see about the elections and jesus the snp lost _ bad _ . 
  that is some kind of anti-indyref2 pro-brexit message right ? 
  also , those sweet sweet tory losses :d did not see that one coming . 
  if you can say one thing it is that uk really knows to how keep politics entertaining , that is sure . 
  keep calm and leave no beer behind . 
  oh brits never change . 
  : , ) nice to see a more lighthearted photo of something so horrible . 
  that is very kind of you , thank god for people like you . 
  i hope this reaches out someone in need . 
  please people like this comment so it is as visible as possible . 
  oh my god , not again . 
  please , let it be an accident and not another terrorist attack . 
  my heart sunk reading the news , this is just ... 
  i do n't even have words , and better not to say anything before we know better . 
  please , let there be no one dead or severely injured .
