  does this count as agenda pushing or ... ? 
  just for the future to know . 
   i think mods changed everyone 's flairs ? 
  haha , thanks for pointing that out . 
  tbh that is pretty hilarious :d, 
  [ i do n't know if this one has been posted here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nd90a4ifvvk ) but i got a good giggle out it too . 
  breaking news : erdogan refers europeans as ` possessed aliens ' , accuses them of `` plotting the destruction of mankind '' , also expresses concerns of turks living in germany ` forced to eat pizza with one topping , and that is pineapple ' . 
  what if the does n't shut up even then ? 
  mm yeah it is starting to be a bit concerning . 
  at least in the beginning there was a possibility of him calming down after letting out some steam ( like toddlers usually do ) , but this just goes on and on . 
  this is n't a regular tantrum kids have when they learn to control their emotions after someone sets boundaries , this is like one of those epic meltdowns they get after missing a nap and having too much sugar . 
  you know , the ones where the anger feeds itself and they manage to find ways to get even more worked up to reach another level of upset despite others trying to sooth them . 
  he could let anything out of his mouth by now and no one would be even surprised since the shock-factor is completely worn off . 
  `` draw me like one of your russian girls . '', 
  you ca n't be serious . . 
   what a ridiculous rant . 
  oh , because i managed to point out your bullshit and it did n't fit your narrative ? 
  go on , i am still waiting for an answer to all those questions . 
  i am sure you can do better , since you seemed to think they were so stupid and that i had no understanding of anything . 
  i am humbly waiting for someone more educated to fill me in . 
   what britain can bring to the table in terms of defense should 100 % be on the table with trade talks okay sorry i am confused , can you please fill me in how your country is defending mine so we can advance on this ? 
  or have we changed subjects ? 
   if you benefit from it , it has a monetary cost , you pay . 
  benefit from what ? 
   please find some words thanks for saving us . 
  i am genuinely sorry we fail to mention your heroism for my country 's behalf in our history books . 
  is that better ? 
   you have no idea how a nuclear deterrent works you are completely right there sir , maybe you can as an expert explain to me how you have been protecting my country all along since i am such a silly girl ? 
   you 've mentioned the eu and nato and my apparent confusion between them in another of my comments . 
  you are absolutely right , i would love to have your explanations to my confusions to those messages . 
   you obviously do n't know that finland and britain quietly signed a joint partnership to strengthen our cooperation and help with your military training . 
  could you please be so kind and explain your logic on why i obviously did n't know that ? 
  this must have something to do with `` you being our defense for the last 100 years '' and `` protecting us from russia '' , right ?? 
  that 's why you brought that up , correct ? 
  there must be some kind of connection between this and the fact of britain 's role as our protector for long . 
  so which one it is , your glorious 100 years as our protectors ( meaning this must be a historical thing , not happening in the future ) or then you protecting us currently from russians ? 
  because _ that _ i did n't know , you are absolutely correct , and i would _ love _ to hear more about how this will mean your protection because those are some wonderful news !, 
   even though you 're not a nato member . 
  i obviously must n't have known that either , so it was kind of you to help me out . 
  maybe one day even my dear little banana republic will be civilized enough to have newspapers and education system so i can learn about all these things ( you know , nato , britain being our savior , jef ) from them instead of a kind reddit user helping me out . 
   the uk has been at the front of european defense for over 100 years . 
  i do n't even have words . 
  thanks for saving us , i guess ? 
   billions spent on nuclear weapons to protect us all from russia . 
  really ?? 
  fuck , why no one ever bothered to give me the note about this ?? 
  and here i have been , worrying about something happening for 21 years when actually we were safe all along . 
  he is far from an idiot . 
  if your `` us all '' means nato countries , he is more than right . 
  if by `` us all '' you meant the eu-countries , that is even more confusing . 
   you wo n't go to war for me . 
  so why should i go to war for you and pay for it so you feel safe ? 
  there we go . 
  we are at this point now , one day after article 50 . 
  and it will only get much , much worse . 
  project fear and so on when cameron stated than brexit can be the starting point of ww3 , right ? 
  this whole discussion could n't possibly be more toxic than it is now . 
  oh and happy cake day . 
  enjoy it . 
  yes . 
  there was an article about finns that have experience hostility after brexit in our biggest newspaper . 
  this lady who had lived 33 years in britain told how they were ranting a cabin for a holiday and after she told her landlord that she was from finland , an ice cold silence was the response . 
  does n't sound big , but considering how polite the british often are , it shocked her . 
  so yeah , there will always be a group of people willing to discriminate on ridiculous reasons even if ends up hurting themselves , ca n't see why the brits would be an exception . 
  oh yeah , totally agree . 
  when a newspaper is capable of making the word `` freedom '' the root of their jokes , belittling and mockery for about two years , but then goes on to use the exact same rhetoric in a dead serious way _ in a situation where there is nothing to gain freedom from _ two years later , it is , like you said , beyond the point of being even amusing anymore . 
  as an outsider it was quite astonishing how well that worked , but i guess if your readers are conditioned and stupid enough to swallow that , can you blame them ? 
  btw i tried pointing out the hypocrisy even here on reddit , was downvoted and got angry messages , because apparently it is completely normal that scottish independence = silly teens throwing a tantrum against their best interest , racist nationalist and british `` independence '' = noble strong people standing on their own two feet . 
  fine . 
  i am sure the dutch and german tourists have no problems staying away , neither does other europeans . 
  this is pretty hilarious considering germans and dutch are the biggest and one of the biggest tourist groups in their country , but if they are this determined to sabotage their already declining industry , who am i to judge . 
  i ca n't say i understand what motivates them to fuck up something so valuable to them ( tourism is ~ 13 % of turkish gdp ) , but fine , whatever , let them have it . 
  if the wrong kind of ethnicity of the hand giving them money is such an issue , i 'll do my share and keep my dirty half-finnish money away . 
  yeah well europeans will not riot , we will just vote with our wallet . 
  and we all know which one is more effective way to get your message through . 
  maybe not for this particular hotel owner , but they sure did a favor to other hotel owners putting a sign like that in a time of social media . 
  it is extremely small things like these that can count in the end , and images of terrorism and not being welcomed are hard to fix with even expensive advertising campaigns . 
  they really are n't in a position to lose tourists right now , but still erdogan is campaigning his ass off to ensure this . 
  this dude participated in his own way to create an image of turkey being hostile towards europeans . 
  you would think so , but look what happened to turkey 's tourism last few years because of terrorism , the coup d'\u00e9tat attempt and all other drama . 
  in tourism any publicity is definitely not good publicity . 
  tourism is basically purely based on mental images , and if people feel like they are not going to be safe , they are not going to risk anything just for a holiday . 
  i already know two families and one friend who have cancelled their trips to turkey after erdogan went nuts , simply because they do n't feel it is a stable enough country to visit right now . 
  for some reason they are determined to shoot themselves on the leg , so we might as well let them . 
  oh please , it 's true in every part of this planet earth , quite possibly even outside it . 
  you should see the effect this one irish exchange student has on us all , he is seriously the most charming person alive . 
  we just gather around him to listen him speak like the little mesmerized creeps we are haha :d he tried teaching me irish names and i failed miserably ( why they are so hard ?? ), 
  but still worth it because just listening to him is so weirdly soothing . 
   now we can move forward with the european project ( especially if there 's a macron / schulz duo in power ) yes , _ if _ we have macron . 
  a big part of the discussion is concentrated on how uk will manage in the future , but there is a reason to be at least a bit worried about the future of eu too . 
  we are the weakest we 've ever been right now and there still is a chance of you guys electing le pen and everything falling apart . 
  it would be horrible if it eventually there would be nothing to exit from for the uk . 
  everything is so uncertain and confusing . 
  we had this great unique opportunity to get all along well and prosper , but instead we are living this completely unnecessary shitshow . 
  i just feel so sad and worried about the future . 
  could someone please just solve this mess and hold me while doing it . 
   i mean it 's a bit soppy is n't it ? 
  there is nothing wrong with acting like a human and he comes across as a genuinely good man so this fits his personality . 
  our donald is so cute and i love it that way . 
   the irish accent ~ ~ was ~ ~ is a weapon alright .
