  thank you for the lovely photos , ireland really is so beautiful . 
  wow . 
  i think the stress if finally starting to get to me because i find this a lot funnier than i should . 
  or then its just all the wine to make studying easier . 
  yes thank you , i was n't questioning the if the word was correct or not . 
  the only times i 've ever heard that was a few times as a kid and now as an adult from a few poor drunk hobo customers and that 's it . 
  that word is definitely not accepted nor widely used and i would have noticed since i am oversensitive to it . 
   i do n't know about the whole of finland but the people i know in finland seem to over use it . 
  i do n't know did you find these people but you seriously need new friends . 
  that 's definitely not a general thing . 
  i ca n't handle these, 
  donnie tries to pull that asshole move he considers a handshake but was served a big tall glass of nope to his bs . 
  look at that face when he was put on his place hihi . 
  aaw look at him dominating the giant orange baby , completely casually mm edit : this picture gets better every time , you just find new levels on it , just look at it you guys . 
  macron has this borderline-crazy looking stiff `` hehe i am going to crush this motherfucker '' - ( but still completely relaxed tho because confidence and calm masculinity ) smile and donnie looks exactly like my friend 's toddler when he hands me the book he wants me to read for him when he is on the potty . 
  minus all the wrinkles , spray tan , gut hanging out and abnormal hand size of course . 
  the best thing is that his red face and embarrassed smile give it away that he is secretly enjoying the asserted dominance . 
  no shame on it donald , who would n't . 
   neekeri = the n word but you guys over use it so its lost its shock value are you serious right now ? 
  no no i did n't ask for wikipedia links , i asked you to explain on your own words since you obviously can . 
  what makes finland a nordic country ? 
  and what this `` nordic '' even means in the first place , why does this term exist ? 
  why is iceland `` nordic '' but not `` scandinavian '' ? 
  why is finland `` definitely '' a nordic country ? 
  what that even means ? 
   culturally not scandinavian tell me more ? 
  i am not trying to be an ass , just genuinely curious , since i see this argument all the time but no one ever bothers to answer when i ask what those cultural differences are . 
  what are these great differences ? 
  what are those crucial cultural differences between iceland and denmark compared to for example denmark and norway that exclude iceland from being `` scandinavian '' ? 
   dit : also the close relation between scandinavian countries in culture same here . 
  what `` scandinavia '' even means in the first place , and what is this drastic difference between scandinavian and nordic ? 
  what does the term nordic mean and why finland belongs to it ? 
  why is denmark `` geographically '' in scandinavia and finland is n't ? 
  it really is . 
  i know we should n't expect anything from them at this point , and nothing should be shocking anymore , but it still is . 
  it is so particularly heartbreaking you just ca n't believe it . 
  they really know what they are doing . 
  they want to create a world where parents feel scared to let their kids anywhere , even to a fun event . 
  i know what those concerts mean to pre-teen and teen girls , those are a huge deals , a rare expensive treat and taste of freedom you ca n't stop talking about . 
  and now they turned it to a complete opposite , something so many of those kids and their families will never recover . 
  they want to raise emotion and terror and nothing is a better tool than hurting kids because nothing is more upsetting to people than children suffering . 
  if only there would n't be any more deaths and all the injured would make a full recovery . 
  my thoughts are with everyone involved . 
  i ca n't even imagine what so many people are going through right now , including those parents desperately looking for their missing children . 
  this is just beyond horrible . 
  the world has gone mad . 
  leaving to a fun concert and never returning , i just want this to end . 
  i feel just so angry . 
  nothing is off limits to those people , nothing . 
  targeting children having a fun night is just so despicable i do n't even have words . 
  stay strong and safe our british friends . 
  aww that is somehow so adorable \u2764, 
  why is a rape investigation a human rights violation ? 
  yeah it sometimes goes full retard for no reason at all :( not the first time this happened . 
  but thanks for letting me know !, 
  hey that was exactly what i wanted to ask !, 
  a but surprised to see that labor opposes free movement of people . 
  hmm yeah , either kicked ass or then our poor infertile land with a few piss poor hunters just was n't worth visiting . 
  the _ real _ reason why finland can not into `` scandinavia '' . 
  oh yeah , exactly , all eus fault . 
  all that horrible , stressful crap they could have saved if eu just would n't have gone batshit insane ( kids leaving friends and familiar places behind , husband had to look for a job from another country without knowing a word of finnish , not to mention my relative , that lovely well-educated , volunteering , great mother , community member and employee who had paid +15 years taxes in your country , who was made to feel like a second class citizen ) . 
  thank you for your concern , i 'll let them know how sorry you are that they had to go through all that shit because of eu . 
  i am sure they would really appreciate it . 
  ikr , it like totally makes you think . 
  like rly think , you know , with your brains and all , just like rly think about things . 
  like wow . 
  true . 
  if this starts applying to the eu-citizens in a few years , it would be interesting to see what is going to happen to those 57 000 people working there , including 20 000 nurses and 10 000 doctors . 
  i wonder how those people who were/are so upset of dirty foreigner taking british jobs would feel if they vanished . 
  don \u00b4 t you guys have _ really _ tight immigration laws ? 
  could you see something like that happening ? 
   it was odd that the modi government chose to rejoice that ms. may offered visas on a short notice scheme only for the extremely wealthy indian as part of a `` grand club '' , `` so with ` close relations \u00b4 we naturally meant juicy trade deals and your delicious money , not your ordinary dirty people , my heavens no !, 
  so we would like that please , k thanks bye hehe '', 
  haha well there we go , well of course . 
  and in two years , this will apply to eu citizens too . 
  absolutely fucking brilliant , well done you guys . 
  hey , how about also naming and shaming the companies that employ foreigners , that would be lovely would n't it ? 
  i am sure daily mail would be more than thrilled to take ~ ~ the order to do ~ ~ that job !, 
  yup , just got my relative ( who had 7 years of education under her belt in british universities after leaving finland , and worked a good job ) , her ( native british , also highly educated ) husband and their kids back in finland . 
  they had a _ huge _ crisis what to do about future , it was really stressful , countless and countless hours trying to figure out what the fuck they are supposed to do now . 
  relocating a family is far from being easy and there was a million factors to considerate , and even now it is n't sure if they made the right choice . 
  i know so many people who are completely devastated by the fact that they have built their life in uk and now apparently do n't have a future there and everything they have worked for for years can be very possibly taken away and have no value at all . 
  nothing is worse than uncertainty for a human mind , and absolutely _ no one _ can actually give actual information what is going to happen . 
  pretty heartbreaking honestly . 
  good luck with everything and i wish you strength to deal with the stress . 
  i wish everything works out for the best for you and your family . 
  hot strong viking men wearing cotton sweaters , funny language , icelandic horses , one of our nordic bros , beautiful nature . 
  i really want to visit asap . 
  that looks like a perfect place to have a huge happy family and cook pasta every day from scratch . 
  okay i 've honestly no idea what you are trying to say . 
  sounds like a good plan though , i hope you have a great weekend . 
  for what ? 
  true . 
  nothing shows maturity more than one-sided victimhood so i trust your judgement on this one . 
  a win-win-deal is always better than win-lose for everyone involved , so i think the vast majority of peole would like that . 
  of course what is considered as a reasonable , good deal is a completely different thing since everyone has their own view , but i am confident the will to have a mutually beneficial deal is there . 
  i have a feeling this thread will be fun . 
  inb4 ww2 and war talks , they sure find their way in these . 
  so tired of this unnecessary , hostile crap this whole thing is . 
  so much wasted energy that could have gone to creating success and positive changes .
