  hihi that makes me so happy to hear that , please come soon , we would love to have you . 
  they are !, 
  you guys tend to be pretty gorgeous or at leas what i 've observed . 
  please do n't even joke about that , i read that and immediately my stomach jumped so much it hurt . 
  ahaha that is so true , toddlers are nothing but tiny drunks and the similarity never stops being funny : , d i was watching my friend 's little man this week , he is learning to walk longer distances on his own and i was giggling the whole way back home from the park . 
  he makes these adorable little incomprehensible alien songs which are a mixture of gurgling , gibberish and occasionally some real words and that combined with a complete lack of coordination is _ exactly _ like walking a drunk person home at 3 am , it 's hilarious . 
  sorry for the uninteresting story , i have to pretend i am really occupied on my phone because of this one persistent idiot and my friend is taking her sweet time and i ca n't even go to whatsapp so now this super useful piece of information is here . 
  i hope everyone in r/europe has a good rest of the night !, 
  stay safe and have fun people !, 
  aaw that is adorable how cute can one pic be . 
  oh and ps how cute can one policeman be , i mean hello mr.officer on the right \u2764 we are going to portugal next year , i sent this to my friend and she is now convinced getting arrested is on our bucket list on that trip, 
  thanks friend . 
  this summer has been even more pathetic than finnish summers usually are , and that says quite a lot . 
  we have had only a handful of beach days , almost all of my summer clothes are left unused . 
  if anyone is feeling like they want to switch places and experience climate ( includes my even shittier job ) , let me know . 
  around 28 degrees is my sweet spot . 
  aaw i love those little buddies , who can look at that face and not melt ? 
  unfortunately it is now ended i can no longer see pullervo . 
  go home europe , you are drunk . 
  scotland deciding that the income of the person should n't dictate their right to their basic human rights ? 
  sounds about right . 
  no but seriously , love you guys . 
  abortion is covered by the nhs to british citizens , so it is strange that it is different for northern-irish women . 
  for women from ireland it is insanely expensive right now , making abortion possible for only for those who can afford it . 
  another thing despicable in irish abortion laws , not only outsourcing something that important to another country and pretending it does n't exist , but by doing so making sure there is a clear inequality aspect . 
   ( i 'm playing advocatus diaboli here , these are not necessarily my views . 
  i just like to understand the argument of the other side ) . 
  those people demanding respect and understanding to the `` other side '' using the arguments you used while still of course being `` pro-choice '' themselves are in every single abortion conversation ever , and no they are not really pro-choice . 
   i am going to take a wild guess that this is the case even without scrolling down since this is n't my first rodeo , but even if i am wrong and whatever you believe in , do n't be afraid to speak out . 
  we can still all respect each other and even learn from these anonymous conversations . 
  i am going to skip everything else to get to this , because it it the root of your beliefs ( woman is less important than the fetus ) and gets to the root of this whole conversation we should be concentrating anyway . 
  and that is that even by banning abortion , you will never stop abortion . 
  you will only make it life and health threatening . 
   there is one exception , though : `` but what if the mother would be in danger of dying ? '', 
  that 's the `` siamese twin '' case , in which doctors had to kill one siamese twin to save the other 's life . 
  if they had done nothing , both would have died . 
  very difficult decision . 
  except that is n't a `` siamese twin '' - case at all . 
  ** unsafe abortions take the lives of estimated 47 000-68 000 women each year , and millions of women ( around 2 to 7 million ) survive one but suffer long-term or permanent injuries . 
  around 7 million women are admitted to hospital as a result of unsafe abortion every year in developing countries . 
  ** there is around 40-50 million abortions in the world every single year , and around 22 million of them are unsafe . 
  first of all , in your situation , the `` very difficult question '' would be considering the life of a living , breathing , talking , thinking , dreaming , feeling human being , who has loved-ones , experiences , memories , someone is shaped by other human beings and who would be missed by many people ( possibly by husband and other children , by co-workers , by relatives , by friends , by neighbors , by whatever , and the other one is a fetus . 
  that fetus can be anything from a six week old which is a round clump of cells to a 9-month year old that would survive outside the womb , but in both cases it would be clear that a woman 's right to life ends when she gets pregnant . 
  personally i do n't think it is a `` very difficult question '' at all , but that might be because i like being alive and i am a woman , so there 's that . 
  some women , surely , will choose to die , and i am sure many do , leaving their families and young kids behind . 
  but if we get to the real issue your question is , that yes , women will be in danger of dying if you ban abortions . 
  it is not a non-existent-or-at-least-insanely-rare hypothetical question about which siamese twin will live , we are talking about one of the most common if not the most common procedure in the world that happens every single day and _ does _ put millions of women in risk of dying each year with politics some people in this ( let 's be real here , you too ) thread support . 
  so no , not what if . 
  women die and die this day too . 
  and those women are real people who will be sorely missed , those women can be women whose pictures are still put on years after their death and who are mourned even by the people who never get the chance to meet them . 
  those women matter and they have value and they are loved by many . 
  those are women with husbands ( who are with them on the abortion ) , with children , and dreams for themselves and their children . 
  they are people , people who have value and abortion does n't reduce that value . 
  that is why they should have access to safe abortion , since women are important enough for that . 
  if you do n't think abortion rights are important , think of the women who are ready to risk _ dying _ to get one done . 
   i do n't think it 's a human right at all . 
  it certainly should n't be outright banned , as there are plenty of cases where it is necessary . 
  reproductive rights and women 's rights _ are _ human rights . 
  since you understand what banning abortion would cause , i find it strange you do n't view it as a human right . 
  not only it is about the woman 's right to her own body , it is about a woman 's right to her life . 
  having the right to choose on the most important and biggest thing you will ever choose during your life , whether you want children or not , is probably the most important right for me personally . 
  banning abortion will cause deaths , permanent and horrible injuries , and robbed , unhappy lives . 
   but even the old hippocratic oath mentioned not performing abortions . 
  you mean the oath coming from ancient super-patriarchal greece where women 's only role were a wife and a mother and where they did n't have the same rights or value as men , women were considered less than the fetus they were carrying ? 
  yeah , that is a solid argument while discussing abortions in 21st century europe . 
  yess !, 
  o canadaa , our home and our native land , something something , the true north strong and fr-eee !!, 
  that would be lovely !, 
  it is shameful that finland has male-only conscription . 
  those months i was having a good time and studying they boys my age were freezing their toes off in a forest . 
  before that i hated it when my boyfriend had to go , and the only thing i could do was to make him feel better during the weekends and vacations . 
  women could definitely do it too - it does n't have to be about physical strength . 
  there is no really excuses for it , the answers are always ridiculous like how women have to give birth and things like that . 
  whenever it is discussed ( which , btw , is strangely unfrequent ) , there is always this kind of vibe that it is sexism or whatever _ from men 's side _ stopping this from happening ( women are too physically/emotionally weak etc ) . 
  i do n't think it is that at all . 
  i think men would be much more welcoming for this change than women , it would be us girls trying to stop it if it would really happen . 
  just like all my friends who tried army ( i happen to be an exception since none of my friends who started it could finish , but i know for a fact that there are plenty of women completing the service just fine ) told me that the guys where always encouraging and helping instead of putting them down . 
  althought i would personally 100 % surely choose the civilian service , i think finland should have conscription for women too . 
  or more like ideally ( if i could choose ) there would n't be mandatory army service to begin with but if there has to be one , then it must be for both sexes . 
  nice p . it breaks my heart that so many beautiful creatures are disappearing . 
  the babies are adorable , it hurts me to think that those beauties might not be there one day . 
  haha it just makes me laugh , i am a bit embarrassed about it though : , d and it is a she , i am happy you included that option , i am used to be dude on reddit . 
  yes !!, 
  when we were on interrail a super cute welsh dude helped to carry my bag and my friend all the way to the trainstation . 
   and welsh countryside is gorgeous . 
  ah good point it does come out in a wrong way . 
  i edited it . 
  aha , your flair confused me a little . 
  you would have a pretty bad time if you were n't willing to go have a pint with continentals since you are apparently surrounded by them , though . 
  why a continental would n't want to go for a pint with continentals and what this has to do with the uk appreciation thread ? 
  that is true !, 
  parisians are gorgeous . 
  i like the fact that scotland exists . 
  that level of naughtiness is a bit too much . 
   we hate the ~ ~ french ~ ~ parisians . 
  everyone hates ~ ~ the french ~ ~ parisians . 
  even parisians themselves hate parisians . 
   i think it is good practice to disassociate politics from people . 
  what a government does should not reflect on their people . 
  that is not true at all .
