  unfortunately . 
   tax that is imposed on parties if they do n't have same amount of men and women . 
  well i do n't think that was on the mind when those women left to politics . 
  just pointed out that here they wanted the same jobs , obviously . 
  well obviously those people were all interested in the same kind of job . 
   i do n't know what hard brexit or soft brexit mean it is so relieving to see politicians acting sane and actually honest that it makes me emotional . 
   she was already seeing a psychiatrist prior to her pregnancy . 
  that psychiatrist who is a trained medical professional unlike me ( and i would guess you ) and who knew the girl , the facts of the matter ( again unlike you and i ) ** made a professional judgement . 
  ** lord help me . 
  there does n't exist a `` professional judgement '' for someone being capable to have such power over a woman who states she wants an abortion . 
  do you understand ? 
  doctors are not god , they are people like you and me , and there does n't exist a science called `` deciding for someone else if they need to abort '' , so it will automatically be a decision made by the doctor 's personal beliefs since this is not about a physical condition . 
  do you get that ? 
  that `` trained medical professional '' simply ca n't posses the ability to choose if that woman should become a mother or not because that trained medical professional is not . 
  the . 
  woman . 
  are you actually this fucking thickheaded , are you bullshitting when you state you are pro-choice or are you just genuinely this naive and childishly trusting towards authorities and doctors in your country ? 
  where does this come from ? 
  you keep repeating that , over and over again , so please be answer this and be clear : ** do you think that someone else can choose for the woman if she should have an abortion or not ? 
  do you actually genuinely believe that the education and profession the person had give them a mandate to refuse an abortion from a girl who desperately wanted one ? 
  **  you and i can shout on the internet about whether this was right or not , whether irelands laws on abortion are barbaric ( which i agree with you on ) etc but thats what is the actual case here . 
  yes , and according to you , `` it is n't about abortion but mental health '' . 
  your almost 100 times upvoted top posts claims that . 
  do you even understand how ridiculous claiming something like that is ? 
  we do n't have to get to a shouting match , because it is completely clear that the only person making that decision should be the girl herself , so it is wrong . 
  either you manage to argument why that is n't true , or then you agree with me . 
  your abortion laws are barbaric and widely condemned by human rights organizations . 
  you are a blatant exception in our western world where women have guaranteed their reproductive human rights , with a few sorry excuses like malta and poland ( those countries being catholic too is a complete coincidence ) . 
  basic human rights are not a matter of opinion , they just are . 
  i have such a hard time following your thoughts . 
  you go around late stage abortion which is n't even something we are talking about in here . 
   yeah when a woman gets pregnant i do n't let her have the right to life , or shelter , or food , or water , or let her vote , or let her own property , i forgot about that , what a load of shit , that is absolute insanity . 
  reproductive rights are the most fundamental , basic rights a human being can have . 
  women in your country do n't have them . 
  getting to choose your own course of life and whether or not you want or can be a parent is pretty much the biggest right a human being can have . 
  in your country , a woman can be raped , and according to you , that must be her life from that on . 
  i do n't think you even see women as humans if you do n't understand that a human being with plans , ambitions , dreams and other things we humans do have for her life can be taken away and forced to motherhood . 
  do you even understand that there is millions of women who do n't want to be mothers ? 
  please answer that question . 
  if you do , how on earth can you force someone to it ? 
  how can you force children to those people ? 
  how can you be so insanely _ cruel _ ? 
  as a man , in ireland , you have your body and no one will _ ever _ question your right to it . 
  there does n't exist a possibility someone can take that away from you in sexual intercourse . 
  in your country , when a woman has sex , the moment a penis get inside her vagina she loses her right to her body , according to you and your legislation . 
  there did n't exist houses for fallen men in ireland . 
  you were one of the last countries to shut them down , just 21 years ago . 
  your legislation says _ nothing _ about punishing the man who impregnates the woman who commits an abortion . 
  the woman will get 14 years , the man nothing , even if it was a decision made together . 
  a man has reproductive rights in ireland . 
  he can have sex freely . 
  sure , he can end up knocking someone up and paying her child support , but that is not comparable to having your body hijacked , going through the physical , mental , hormonal changes of pregnancy , going through labour where he would risk even death and very often quite bad damaging , and then end up with a child h e did n't want for the rest of his life . 
  paying money is n't something you can compare to that . 
   a baby is n't your body and you ca n't spin it any other way , my body is where the baby lives for 9 months . 
  in the first 12 weeks , i have the right to choose if i do n't want to give birth to the child and become a mother . 
   does n't give a right to kill something that will be born in less than a year . 
  of course it does , because i am more valuable than a clump of cells . 
  my life is more important and valuable than the one of the fetus . 
   what constitutes a human life exactly ? 
  to me the minute the baby is out of the vagina , it starts it journey to become a person . 
  a clump of cells is not a person . 
  you need other humans to become a person . 
   after 3 weeks when it has its own independent heartbeat and pumps its own blood which can be a different type to its mother ? 
  after 8 when it has brain activity ? 
  hihi , can you link me your pro-life page you have been surfing through ? 
  hey what are you personal chances , do you support abortion for any reason , and if yes , for what ? 
   what i was saying is that the system actually worked as intended . 
  what you 've been saying is that this has nothing to do with abortion . 
  but yeah that also . 
  however , a shitty system working like it should is n't any kind of argument or positive point or whatever . 
  please be specific how a terrible system working like it should changes something ? 
   both trying to do their best for the girl in a difficult situation . 
  how many psychiatrists do we need to bring in before it becomes a valid decision ? 
  no they were n't . 
  that child wanted an abortion , _ very clearly _ stating that she wanted an abortion , and they decided not to give her one . 
  it is absolutely grotesque that you can call that `` protecting '' and `` trying to do their best '' . 
  they failed her and your system is failed . 
  the question to how many psychiatrists do we need is 0 . 
  0 psychiatrists are needed to choose for a pregnant female if she can have an abortion or not . 
  they simply ca n't be qualified to that kind of decision , and your ( and your country 's ) belief that they somehow do is laughable . 
  or it would be , if it was n't so horrible . 
   there is currently a battle in ireland between pro and anti abortion campaigners and they are trying to push this case into their own narrative of what is happening . 
  well hell yeah , the pro-choice people should push the shit out of this thing , because you are living in a country where something as barbaric like this can happen . 
  of course they need to make noise about it . 
  of course they need to demand justice and prevent this from happening again . 
  your laws are horrible , but even when they should be working , like in this case when a child was suicidal and it is clearly stated in your `` protecting life during pregnancy act '' that being suicidal is a reason to give the woman an abortion . 
  this demonstrates how that is nothing but a nice cosmetic touch to make it look more humane , not something that actually works in practice . 
  please be so kind and explain to me why these activists and pro-choice people `` pushing this '' and `` trying to make it something like it is not '' ( lol ) is so repulsive to you . 
  why do you have an issue with people standing up to something that is wrong ? 
   i would urge you to read the actual facts of the case , not peoples opinions . 
  i would urge you to read my fucking replies , because i have been more than clear about if i have read that report or not . 
  i do n't know where do you get your patronizing idea that these ca n't be my actual own opinions i have after reading the article and the report . 
  so if someone needs to learn to read it is you . 
   maybe one of the doctors is a anti- abortion believer . 
  that is why the court appoints a second one for an independent evaluation ooh but look at that , who would have thought that in catholic ireland doctors given this option to make this purely arbitrary decision can end up against her wishes : o and look how she ended up . 
  that is why there should n't be doctors or any kind of third party whatsoever deciding for her what is best for her . 
  jesus i am so frustrated by the amount of your upvotes . 
   `` woman forced to bear child against her will because she was held in care '' she was forced to carry a child against her will and she was denied abortion in ireland . 
  can you provide me with the actual evidence than the this whole thing did n't take so much time it was too late for her to abort ? 
  you ca n't do that since every single crucial piece of information is left out of it .
