  there are so endlesly many factories why russia will never be part of the eu that i don \u00b4 t have the energy to start listing them . 
  but just for starters , there is the tiny little detail that i do n't believe russia has the slightest wish to join eu . 
  also change the `` when '' into `` if '' in your text and it will be a little more easy to take seriously . 
   extremely enormous sacrifices that russian soldiers made during world war ii helped set the stage for the wtf i just read . 
  russians are so good at liberating they liberated themselves . 
  not really surprised , fits in my image of them . 
  i am rooting for ireland anyway so it is fun to know they are behaving :d, 
  it is not how you feel about someone , nor it is you giving `` a chunk of your income to low income people '' . 
  you pay taxes . 
  those taxes are distributed to benefit everyone , including you . 
  helping out those who are in the weakest position is not the only purpose of welfare state . 
  because i live in a welfare state , i am able to go to university for free ( while being supported monthly , in other words my country pays me for going to university ) , before that i was able to get an excellent education for free ( and free school lunch daily ) , i can benefits from the free healthcare , libraries , if i am lucky enough to have children one day then i will have a paid maternity leave , if unemployement strikes i wo n't end up to the streets and starve . . 
  the benefits are enourmous and ca n't be reduced to just `` giving money to poor people '' . 
  the welfare state gives , the welfare states takes . 
  i would not have it any other way . 
  with welfare state comes lower economic inequality and with equality comes lower crime rates , democracy , higher quality of life for everyone and equal opportunities for everyone . 
  of course the system in not perfect , but for me personally it is absolutely the best solution . 
  yes the situation is exactly what i am ridiculing , i am either ridiculing the rape victim or the slutshaming , victim blaming misogynist who tells people not to trust western media , the choice is kind of obvious is n't it ? 
  i would advice you to read how she testified in court and what she has told about why she said the sex was consensual , but i wo n't since it is the unreliable western media i wo n't bother . 
  true , he just kindly pointed out how `` lots of '' european women are prostitutes , some just do it for free . 
  with multiple men . 
  every day . 
  same thing as selling your body really . 
  ah well _ of course _ she was n't raped , making rape claims in uae is just so much fun she had to do it . 
  and yes , the bad western media , always trust the media of a theocratic , authoritarian country that cencors internet . 
  _ obviously _ the woman is to blame here , there is not other options . 
  yes yes , western women are whores who fuck multiple men everyday , just like that norwegian woman who , ofcourse , was lying she was raped ( you know , the female nature , we like to make up rape claims in sharia-law run countries because we like attention and are evil etc ) . 
  it is truly shocking that the one supporting qatar posesses these kind of lovely , not-misogynists-at-all values . 
  ~ ~ her sex partner ~ ~ her rapist . 
  there , ftfy . 
  ah , and the good old `` do n't believe the poisoned western media '' - argument in the end . 
  remember people , do n't believe the medias of democratic , least corrupted , human rights respecting countries . 
  not sure if you are serious or trolling . 
  could you possibly be serious ? 
  i wonder how many maids have been raped by their bosses and then thrown to jail . 
  this is such a high level of injustice it is hard to comprehend . 
  what `` not ending up somewhere '' means ? 
  like , not go to someones house , or a party or even just be alone in work ? 
  i remember reading an article of a western woman who was raped by her coworkers in dubai . 
  well considering the point is not to get people actually wanting war , that does n't mean anything ( however i must add i do n't think ~ 5 people , or how many there were , i do n't have the energy to watch it and count again something that tells that much , are reasonable example of what people want ) . 
  what you can notice that absolutely no one went `` what ? 
  war against spain ?? 
  what are you even talking about , why are you asking me something like this ?!, 
  spain wants gibraltar ? '', 
  which would be the normal reaction people have when asking would your country go to war against a close ally that does n't pose any threat whatsoever . 
  that is the same if a journalist would stop me and ask would i go to war with sweden if they tried to annex \u00c5land or something equally ridiculous . 
  every single one of them have heard off the situation , so yes , the tabloid propaganda is working very well . 
  the point is to create an `` us against them '' - situation and show off how britain protects its own ( which is very convenient , considering what is happening for example scotland right now ) , not to actually get people to be `` for '' war . 
  they know perfectly well spain has absolutely zero intentions to use military force to get gibraltar , but hey they are living tough times where they must get people to think eu is the enemy . 
  if that must happen by desperately twisting a question about trade to war and then making it a headline story , i guess that 's what they have to do . 
  if they have n't done their little propaganda tricks in dm and the sun r/europe would n't have been linked so many gibraltar stories where brits going `` it was a hypothetical question ! '' . 
  without the media drum it would have been max `` one crazy old politician answers a question about trade in a crazy way , perhaps he is getting senile , let 's move on '' - non story . 
  ... and ? 
  what exactly makes him a true patriot ? 
  username checks out . 
   all the questions were about if spain attacked gibraltar would the u.k defend it it was a question about _ trade _ . 
  trade . 
  why this is so fucking unbelievable hard for everyone ? 
   spain wants something of ours jesus christ . 
  how absurd it would have been for vice to do such interview just few years ago . 
  what a time to be alive , got ta love brexit . 
  article 50 was triggered a few days ago and already people here ( and most importantly , irl ) have calmly discussed things like how it would be a good idea to let people die in terrorist attacks and two european countries going to war . 
  well , i guess since people are so eagerly eating it up ( just the number of redditors who have embraced the absurd stance of how a question about trade is in fact `` a hypothetical question about defense '' proves it alone ) , they are doing a good job ( please people , save the `` one old retired politician is britain now ? 
  '' - thing , i think we went through that on the last threads ) . 
  nothing brings people together like an outside threat , and nothing triggers tribalism and protective instinct like just talking about war so i guess propagandist do what they have to do and milk this opportunity dry , those tabloids are n't going to sell themselves . 
   norway , switzerland , sweden and finland are pretty distant from the eu politically just ... [ your whole post but this especially ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/lyj6kplrfdknk/giphy.gif ) . 
  those are probably very good and true points too since my knowledge level is close to zero in this subject ( what was in my mind was all the raping ) . 
  i hope that did n't offend you dude . 
  edit : pretty much all i know about vikings is that [ here ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bcd3ji-rwxy/?taken-by=lasselom ) is one . 
  good point . 
  or maybe just friendly networking and commercial activities . 
  i like this one better . 
  that 's so cool , they are majestic af . 
  vikings coming back home haha, 
  aww that 's adorable , she was probably showing the little one how daddy is coming home . 
  this is so heartbreaking , for some reason i was under impression that she had already recovered . 
  she was so brave plunging in the river in a desperate fight for her life . 
  such a beautiful girl , having her life in front of her with a man who was just about to propose . 
  another innocent life lost for absolutely no reason , another victim of mindless , absurd , senseless violence . 
  what a waste , what a fucking horrible waste . 
   it seems that people very much do not regret their vote . 
  okay i do n't know if i am the only one thinking this , but i do n't really consider the latest 1 % victory margin to be `` very much not regretting '' something . 
  just like i do n't consider 4 % to be an `` overwhelming majority '' which i have seen about a million times considering the referendum . 
  thank you for that , i know people here ( including me ) really appreciate your work . 
  godspeed , i ca n't imagine what kind of flood of pure crap you are currently working through . 
  let 's hit that report button like it owes us money , this will be a shit show . 
  the people whining about that feature are not the ones who have seen the news and tried to contact their loved ones , panicking . 
  it was an enormous source of relief for me in two incidents during 2016 and i am so grateful for it . 
  i will never understand how someone can twist that into something else than a very effective way of telling you are safe when people are worried out of their mind . 
  tell me about it , i am furious . 
  i hope the mods are putting extra effort today . 
  fuck you and fuck all the other stupid fucking idiots like this who are rejoicing about a fucking terrorist attack so you can use this for your political agenda , you are disgusting beyond words . 
  the bodies are not even cold and here you are , blaming the victims and the country for this happening . 
  fuck you . 
  you . 
  you think we are somehow safe from this ?? 
  oh yeah , because finland checked `` no radical islamist allowed '' while sweden was like hey let 's take them , right ?? 
  this is our dear neighbor country , this is completely unheard of and your first reaction is to spam your disrespectful shit . 
  edit : thanks for the gold , you lovely person \u2764, 
   i 'm seeing eyewitness reports on twitter saying that the street is riddled with bodies , some of which are `` split in half '' .
