  of course people go visit their parents and then eat , and maybe receive food from them but eating at your home daily ... no . 
   that 's wasting money . 
  that 's just for rich people . 
  tell me about it . 
  that is indeed for very wealthy people , and i have a hard time understanding what kind of income you should have to be able to pay for your child ( ren ) s rents , something like ( very roughly ) 500-1000 euros per month , especially many of them . 
  that is not only wasting money and a very expensive and strange arrangement , it is completely illogical . 
  if your parents pay for your living and you need your mom to wipe your butt , you have n't moved out in any way . 
  you have simply transferred to another room in your parents house that happens to be a little more far away . 
  i do n't want to be too hard for this guy since i do n't know whats going on in his life that makes him need these kind of arrangements ( but i do admit i have a feeling it is the result of extreme laziness ) , but it kind of pisses me off to see this being the most liked comment and see people thinking if this the way we live here in the north . 
  i ca n't speak in the behalf of denmark , norway or sweden , but it sure as hell is n't how people live in finland . 
  thanks for the advice , i will think about it !, 
   i 'm honestly surprised it exists , i linked it as an example , not because i thought it 'd be a real place . 
  haha yup , good luck i guess   it looks a little quiet though , despite being a decade old . 
  sorting by new suggests there 's less than one submission every day . 
  i noticed the same which is a shame , i confess of dreaming to have a sub dedicated for everything considering eu , but i guess i have to wait for either that to kick off or someone more capable and less lazy to start the sub . 
   that 's because the subreddit is r/europe , not r/eu . 
  hey thanks i did n't know about the r/eu !, 
  i have wondered if there is something like this but for some reason never found it . 
  that was beautiful . 
  estonians and latvians being fatter than brits ?? 
  whaat, 
   do n't be too upset english , it 's also ok if you want to write up the documents in dutch , german or italian hey , why not mix things up a bit and go with finnish ? 
  or maybe something equally easy and widely spoken like . . estonian ? 
  yeah estonian is even better . 
  edit : hungarian would also be a good choice . 
  oh my god the contrast to the french host ... and i do n't mean the way they talk . 
  since i have never once messaged/had any conversation with you , maybe you could open up your reason to be this obsessed with me in here ? 
  since your finnish pm were absolutely unfathomable . 
  tbh i have a hard time understanding this message too though . 
  or then just use the account you used while messaging me that left you this buthurt , that would ease things . 
  and maybe explain your reasons to be stalk me to this point . 
  what comes to me leaving things unsaid because of your opinion , um , let 's just say that is unfortunately not going to happen , dear random person i have never seen nor interacted with before in reddit . 
   but you were complaining about the largest group on this sub simply sharing their opinions . 
  why are you complaining about me simply sharing my opinion ? 
   he was saying that britons should not comment on things that do not directly concern them . 
  i did ? 
  can you please copy the part where i said this ? 
  brave woman . 
   without britain an eu army will be prohibitively expensive and weak , much like the entire eu will be without us , which is why most of the views that britain should be in the eu are coming from continental europeans and not the british . 
  make no mistake , we 're under no illusion that your opinion that britain should be in the eu is anything but self serving and not because it benefits britain . 
  the eu needs britain , which is why continental europeans are so in favour of our membership of it . 
  darling , i do n't know if we are living in the same reality , but _ no one is keeping you in the eu _ . 
  everybody wants nothing more than you to just . 
  leave . 
  already . 
  yes i know scapegoating the eu is a fun activity , but let me repeat if this is news for you : absolutely no one is keeping you in eu , it is guys guy who wont leave . 
  not the continental europeans , you . 
  yes yes , eu will burn without you , no army without you , everything depends on you guys , you are irreplaceable , founders of the modern society and so on and we will revert back to apes without your firm guidance , we appreciate your concern but let us handle this from now on , yes yes britain will thrive and blossom when its only problem has been finally been removed , in fact why do n't you speed up that process so you can amaze us earlier , okay , bye now . 
  stop dropping that 2 % trying to make your point sound more valid , i see it all the time and it 's just so pathetic . 
  2 % is a huge number in these things , for example the leave-party won by 3 % . 
  with your logic , i could say that 50 % of uk voted to stay . 
  38 % of scotland voted to leave . 
  stick to the facts , even if you do n't like them . 
   what an inane comment . 
   should they all be banned from posting because you do n't like british people ? 
  yes , that is exactly what i want and what i was asking for , to ban every single british redditor just to satisfy my racist urges . 
  i am glad i got to clear this up . 
   this shit is getting ridiculous could n't be more spot on . 
  this whole circus really has been going on for waaay too long now . 
  i could have never imagined how much of a messy shitshow this turned out to be . 
  i knew it is going to be ugly , but brits actually not being able to tell when they will exit ? 
  nope . 
  i got the impression they want nothing more than be out as quickly as possible . 
  now it is n't even just getting them to fucking _ leave _ already , it is them trying to mess up as much as possible before slamming the door behind them . 
  this really is like a comedy of a worst breakup ever . 
  britain being the batshit insane psycho ex-boyfriend who first is an abusive asshole that blames you for everything during the relationship , then makes a huge show of how he is going to break up with you , but when you accept it and say `` ok , fine , this is very hurtful and it will take a long time to recover from this , but i think this is for the best and you should go now '' that fucker goes `` right , actually i do n't know when i am going to move out , but meanwhile i am here i am going to use every possible opportunity to make sure your life and future will be as miserable as possible . 
  you just have to deal with the uncertainty . 
  i want nothing to with you and you are the root of all evil , but sabotaging your life is too much fun so ill stay . 
  hey , maybe i will never leave . '', 
  nobody knows whats happening or what they are doing . 
  at this point i do n't even click on the `` america/japan/whatever speculates on how they are going to react to brexit '' - articles because i could as well be reading on what they will do if the aliens will land . 
  this is nothing but an ego trip for may . 
   military cooperation i find it hilarious that whenever there is an article about the european army in here , every single time there is a brit going `` but but but there is no common language '' and `` how can you have an army if you do n't even agree on x '' . 
  every time . 
  they just _ must _ have their opinion heard , even if the issue does n't concern them in any way . 
  just a prank bro !, 
  i bet this will earn him a lot of views in his youtube channel so who cares if someone dies or is injured in the process . 
  or that psychopaths may get ideas from watching them and actually go around stabbing people in purpose , still just a prank bro . 
   you know , someone who does n't speak a word of swedish , but after four beers , you 're having a conversation with them that 's as fluent as whatever . 
  dude , that is an extremely common thing and has nothing to with hating swedes or you or anything else like that . 
  because that applies to every single language we speak ( except english , probably ) . 
  there is a saying `` finns are quiet in many languages '' ( or something else like that , do n't really remember it right now ) and that is simply because we are extremely self conscious using the languages we know in the fear of messing up and making mistakes . 
  an american will tell you that they speak french if they are able to introduce themselves and ask you how you are doing , i still hesitate saying i speak or write english . 
  we have issues socializing in our language , nevermind all the others . 
  and really , being surprised that we are chattier after a few beers , no matter what language ? 
  ( yes , i am generalizing the fuck out this subject , i apologize in advance for the finn feeling the need to come to say `` i am nothing like that '' , people are unique and this is n't the ultimate truth blah blah insert pc shit here ), 
  i personally love polandball and do n't know who this dude is and doubt googling him would be worth my time , but this simply is n't true . 
  the polandball jokes with stereotypes and all are funny because they are mostly true ( yes we are depressed anti-social alcoholics with no friends and a violence problem ) , but this is just confusing . 
  it 's like checking out a polandball about my country and not understanding anything what 's going on in it . 
   i 've seen this happen a lot . 
  finns know a lot more swedish than they tell me they do . 
  what ? 
  just ... how do you measure their ability to speak swedish since they are not talking it with you ? 
  you just secretly know somehow better than them ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  we really do n't . 
  you have waaaay too much confidence in our language skills and i thank you for that , but the truth is finns simply do n't speak swedish . 
  the reason i wont talk swedish with you , is that i simply do n't know how . 
  sure i can put all my effort in and amaze you with the few lines i do know , but i do n't think my `` vad \u00e4r klockan '' , `` jag har en sp\u00e4nn\u00e4nde marsvin '' , `` kalle , gl\u00f6mn\u00e4 inte dina byx\u00f6r '' or saying the names of my train stops in swedish is going to get us that far . 
  finnish people do n't bother learning swedish , because it is a useless language and learning it is a waste of time ( i am talking about our situation here of course , before some butthurt swede swoops in to correct me ) .
