  the funds we have for polices have been and are dropping every year , there isn \u00b4 t _ any _ kind of therapy/healing provided by the state to the victim , and sadly the rapists themselves don \u00b4 t really go through some kind of rehabilitation ( in prison i am not too sure and i can be wrong about this , i tried to google it but to my understandment it is rare ) , especially if they are sentenced to probations . 
  one thing is clear and that is that no one is going to spend several years in prison . 
  my guess is they are going to be out in two years , max 2,5 . 
  so what it comes to the experts , it is true that long prison sentences raise the risk of reoffending and alienate the convicted from the society ( they can for example lose their jobs , or possibilities to go to certain types of education etc , of course there is the social stigma too ) and it isn \u00b4 t some kind of magical fix to solve all problems . 
  but after all , at least in finland , the job of our experts is to keep the society running . 
  so therefore they place the needs of the society higher than the need of a single person ( victim ) . 
  in short , what they care about is which option is cheaper . 
  prisons were invented to set some kind of moral codes to our societies , and express that breaking them leads to a punishment . 
  so in general , if you are dissatisfied in our sentences on for example gang rapes , it means you think the crime is worth punishing the offenders . 
  some want to punish them harder . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if it is so smart to ridicule or patronize them about their feelings . 
  are they going to learn something there ? 
  or come out as changed men ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know . 
  i doubt it . 
  i am not sure if the behavior they showed is fixable , because it demonstrates that they have dehumanized women to some point . 
  of course nothing would have changed if they wouldn \u00b4 t have been convicted , they would have simply left back to cuba . 
  personally i don \u00b4 t understand what is so angering about expressing dissatisfaction towards the sentences . 
  it \u00b4 s not like it is going to change something . 
  if people want to vent , let them vent . 
  do you think they should go to prison at all ? 
  if yes , for how long ? 
  edit : also do you personally think that there is any benefits for jailing for example murderers ? 
  or rapists overall ? 
  ahaha the french one : , d p \u00b4 tit capuchon de caoutchouc . 
  en fin , mettez-en . . btw , if the french part would have stop before things got awkward it would have been perfect to portray sweden . 
  yeah whats up with the sauna ? 
  of course he is a lunatic and should n't be in any kind of position of power , that 's not what i meant . 
  seems like i have been drunk for awfully long times while visiting , not to mention many of my friends who have lived there for years now . 
  i personally have received only welcoming and friendly treatment while visiting scotland . 
  in fact i would go as far as saying they were one of the nicest people ( even just random strangers in the street ) i have ever met . 
  regardless of what is happening in england , everyone should visit scotland . 
  because fun , that \u00b4 s why . 
  ( also dylan moran lives there . ), 
  i can \u00b4 t help it but i kinda find him adorable . 
  in a cartman-ish way . 
  this one is just one feisty little nugget , isn \u00b4 t he ? 
   can we give them spain ? 
  depends who are you referring as `` we '', 
   all rape is not made up by women ? 
   this is decent punishment in finland this is a strict punishment considering our system . 
  just getting a sentence for aggravated rape means it has been a very serious case . 
  2,5 years is long . 
  france 's worst nightmare : becoming too rosbif . 
  although it is understandable . 
  :d what i meant is that the man started a company that grows salad in greenhouses . 
  he made like 7 million last year . 
  i am confused , who or what is the victim here ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you have multiple accounts or what is going on ? 
  i have had two ( 2 ) conversations with you in two different threads . 
  one about the independence of scotland , one about nigel farage having his own show in rt. 
  and i had to check this to remember you . 
  i guess you at least understood how crazy your message was to delete it . 
  just whoa, 
  you can \u00b4 t choose your [ fetishes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk_vszbza_s ) , i guess . 
  of course the way he died is the most shocking part because it is so unusual . 
  what i can \u00b4 t understand is why you feel the need to dictate if pointing out the fact that the victim was young is irrelevant or not . 
  i am not a journalist reporting on this case in a neutral tone , i am sharing how i feel about this in reddit . 
  what \u00b4 s wrong with you ? 
  he had his whole life in front of him , and it was robbed from him by a bunch of human scum . 
  i can point out the tragedy of that if i want to , ffs . 
  his friends who were right next to him said he was arguing with the neo-nazis . 
  the neo-nazis _ themselves _ have a ) publicly stated there was someone who was yelling insults at them , and that he was so good at it it made someone from their group to lose their nerves enough to get physical b ) published a video were you can see the man laying on the ground . 
  what exactly is made up ? 
  the fact that the man died ? 
  the fact that the neo-nazi pushed him ? 
  the fact that the man standing up on what he believes is right resulted to violence ? 
  edit : i checked your history . 
  we are done here . 
   the fact he was 28 year-old is irrelevant . 
  irrelevant ? 
  you are surprised to learn that a way too soon , completely pointless death of a young person is tragic ? 
  in finland we have made a form of entertainment of that . 
  every november the newspapers publish the full names and year of birth of people who have made more than 100/120k ( or something like that , i can \u00b4 t remember really ) . 
  also the incomes of celebrities etc are published . 
  to the harm of it , it depends . 
  i saw some bullying and jealousy as a result among kids when i was younger . 
  once i was in the gym and heard a lady who was telling her friend how her son hast lost a couple of teeth because he was attacked the day after the names were published ( i got the impression he was really young ) . 
  some dude who made his millions from growing salad was harassed and blackmailed that if he doesn \u00b4 t pay two million euros , the attackers will kill his family . 
  he has stated that he is against public tax information , surprisingly . 
  :d edit : also if you really want to know someone \u00b4 s income ( below the ones that are published in the media ) , just go to the tax office and search with the name or something . 
  apparently he let the neo-nazis know what he thinks of them and one of the guys from the `` resistance movement '' pushed him and he fell and hit his head . 
  he spent some time on hospital but was at his home when he had the cerebral hemorrhage a week later . 
  the police refuses to say if his death was direct consequence of what happened earlier ( i think it has a little bit to do with calming down the public too ) but it is obvious really ... poor guy . 
  only 28-years-old . 
  this is really shocking . 
   politicians do is talk about religion i think you are exaggerating a little bit . 
  if that is the only thing they do all day long when they have the time to have affairs and provide scandalous scoop material for the media ? 
  dude , relax . 
  the brexit happened just a few months ago . 
  people might not have a favorable image of britain right now . 
  and that is understandable . 
  things will change and the dust will settle . 
  develop some kind of identity beyond your nationality so these things don \u00b4 t have to hurt you so much . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  and ... ? 
  when does the unfortunate part start, 
  wife-carrying competitions freedom of press rye bread, 
   probably they would n't act same if that person were a woman with hijab .
