  look at [ this ] ( https://www.reproductiverights.org/sites/crr.civicactions.net/files/documents/abortionmap2014.pdf ) map to see how well ireland fits in with other western countries , to which it belongs in every single aspect you can think of . 
  criticizing their laws is not unfair , what really is `` unfair '' ( to put it mildly ) is that ireland has outsourced their abortion policies to the uk forcing thousands of women to travel there each year . 
  abortion is happening in ireland , just not on the irish soil , and there is no excuses for that kind of hypocrisy and cruelty . 
   could not agree if you could n't agree more with this , you could n't agree more with the fact that in ireland the only way of having an abortion is for a doctor to decide the pregnancy is a danger to the woman 's life . 
  not health , _ life _ . 
  otherwise abortion is completely illegal , in every single reason you can think . 
  so are you sure you could n't agree more ? 
  because then you are agreeing with their abortion laws and the fact that in ireland someone else than the pregnant mother herself are seen as the more capable to decide if that woman wants or can to have a child ? 
  there does n't exist any kind of profession in this world where a person would know better than you if you can or want to make the biggest choice of your life . 
  whether someone needs a termination is a matter of the _ pregnant woman _ , not politicians , not doctor , not anyone else . 
  aaand it 's not funny anymore . 
  i \u00b4 m pretty sure this is fake . 
   damn flying nazis/s ? 
  non-brit here : maybe you can write a little analysis about what you think proves my illiteracy ? 
   nope . 
  noone has ever been convicted https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/04/northern-irish-woman-suspended-sentence-self-induced-abortion https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/26/ulster-woman-who-bought-abortion-pills-for-daughter-can-challenge-prosecution i do n't understand how you can say that abortion being _ illegal _ is n't a `` punishment '' . 
  not having safe access to abortion is punishment enough , but then you can go to court because your housemates snoop around your trash and do n't think you were hysteric enough about having an abortion or because you are forced to order abortion pills online to your 15-year-old daughter . 
  i think not considering abortion being illegal not being a punishment is incorrect , even if no one would ever be convinced . 
  happy cake day , 
  long story short : brits were supporting during winter war , then came continuation war , finns were forced to fight along the nazis because no resources , the enemy of my enemy and blah blah and it 's not like we could get any other allies anyway ( even during winter war we were left pretty much alone ) , suddenly brits were formally the enemies of finland because we just attacked their ally , ussr pushed churchill to declare war , churchill sent a secret letter to mannerheim pretty much apologizing that they have to declare a war because allies and shit , then they came and bombed somewhere once doing pretty much not damage at all and that 's it . 
  it was pretty much nothing but a formal war to show support to ussr . 
  i think that u/feynization is actually right about not a single bullet being fired . 
  on an interesting side note , the soviets put heavy pressure on the usa to declare war too to finland but they never did . 
  those stubborn ` muricans , ai n't nobody telling them what to do . 
   i remember them bombing finland and sinking many ships . 
  did n't they bomb somewhere in petsamo like once , did n't cause any damage or casualties and that 's it ? 
  i do n't get where you get the ship part . 
  but then again i can be completely wrong so feel free to correct me , is just that i 've never heard them sinking ships . 
  i remember my historian teacher saying that they bombed a river ( ? ), 
  or something and the only thing lost there were the fishing possibilities . 
   maybe not a direct war , but it was n't just like `` hey , i wan na start a war '' and then nothing happens . 
  actually that was exactly what it was , i think . 
  it was pretty much a formal declaration to please ussr . 
  i mean , it was the british empire . 
  they could have easily ripped us apart . 
  they chose not to . 
   i have heard that there are public clinics in the uk that write-off irish mothers who are pursuing abortions . 
  they are n't meant to do this , but i have heard it does take place for those who are very disadvantaged oh that is lovely , i hope those who need it find that option !, 
   in some cases it can be done in a day trip for sure . 
  i do n't really see how it is possible . 
  i mean like i said , with pills that would be impossible ( unless there would be some illegal smuggling and traveling while being very sick and heavily bleeding ) , but even with surgical abortion , i mean it is not a small procedure that can require anesthetic and you are going to be sick afterwards . 
  and there is of course the risk of bleeding afterwards . 
  i guess it can be done in one day , but i feel really , really bad for the women who have to fly on a plane twice in that day . 
  but i have a feeling that you know what you are talking about . 
  still , that can be a very expensive trip when you consider the loss of income and getting someone to take care of your kids and everything ( since if i remember correctly , most irish women seeking abortion are already mothers . 
  i am not sure if i remember that correctly though ) . 
   i 'm not saying it 's an acceptable alternative , but it could be a lot worse . 
  again , this is not what i want and i am trying to paint an optimistic picture of the current scenario irish mothers face . 
  oh yeah , for sure . 
  could be worse , but still it is definitely one of the worst experiences those women have go through . 
  otherwise it would be just women dying and being injured from unsafe abortion and even committing suicides , like everywhere else . 
  your laws without the uk being there would be catastrophe . 
  oh i and i feel like you are trying to paint an optimistic picture , i hope you did n't get that impression . 
  just discussing about it . 
   you mention insane judgement and stigma . 
  there is judgement and stigma everywhere for abortions to some extent . 
  there is maybe just more in ireland , as the added pressure of travel and expense makes what should be a private matter for a poor young mother , very public and very expensive . 
  yes , abortion is to some extent quite often a very emotional topic . 
  however for example here in finland , with an exception of few religious groups , it is widely accepted and not really an issue . 
  i have n't personally ever met anyone opposing it or seen protest against it , we do n't have any political party pushing to ban it ( the true finns leader , timo soini , who is a catholic who converted in ireland btw :d , opposes abortion but even he would be never crazy enough trying to put it on the party manifesto ) and so on . 
  i do think that religion , especially catholism , plays a big part on how obsessed people are about it . 
  still , of course there are even non-religious people opposing it . 
  it can be really hard if you ca n't tell your parents or friends you have had an abortion . 
   people are given the choice to influence the law , so they feel guilty . 
  in a lot of other countries this kind of ruling does n't go to a public vote . 
  abortion law is written into the constitution from the 1930s ( i think , maybe as late as 1950s ) , and irish law states that the constitution can not be amended without a referendum . 
  it 's just a tough cookie . 
  split public opinion , and a constitution that 's very difficult to change . 
  the only alternative that i can see is the eu intervening , if they even have that power . 
  interesting , thanks for the insight . 
  on a off-topic lighter note , always when i hear about irish people feeling guilty i think of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2mvow3a7t8 ) . 
  you just starting buddy . 
  exactly . 
  i mean , if you really think about it , fighting the ira ( and maybe a `` few '' civilians on the side , but who is counting ) that just manifested out of thin air for no reason whatsoever than perhaps the irish thirst for blood , is n't really terrorism at all . 
  no but seriously , i find it quite astonishing that one of their biggest campaign trashing tools were corbyn 's `` links to ira '' , but then without missing a beat they went on forming a pact with dup . 
   and a touch of support for terrorism ... well the difference is of course that it was the right kind of terrorism , so that makes it okay . 
   the upside is that it 's cheap and easy to fly into great britain for an abortion . 
  i think you can make the return trip in a single day . 
  it 's not really that cheap . 
  the flights might be cheap , but you just ca n't get an abortion and fly back the same day , especially with medical abortion that would be impossible . 
  there is a need for an accommodation and you have to pay the clinic fee in britain which according to [ this ] ( https://www.mariestopes.org.uk/our-private-services/private-abortion/private-abortion-fees ) is quite much , especially if the abortion is caused by fetal abnormalities . 
  it 's at least 1000 euros . 
  overall the traveling is a physically , mentally and financially taxing and from the women i 've talked to i know it apparently is very traumatizing . 
  just like handling something so difficult alone would n't be hard enough , the insane judgement and stigma makes it even worse . 
   most of the youth , i.e. 
  the ones who actually get pregnant , would probably support more access to abortions , i guess i just find it weird somehow , that in general the public and the government itself is okay with people traveling to get one but if it happens on the irish soil it becomes somehow wrong . 
  i do n't get the mentality . 
  in my personal experience , however this is only anecdotal , i have n't googled any statistics ( if there are any ) is that i was surprised how many young irish people are against abortion . 
  i remember when i was in dublin during a huge pro-life protest , and for a 17-year-old girl the thing that made the biggest impact was how insanely many young dudes where marching for a political cause . 
   the republic of ireland is scheduled for a referendum on the matter next year that is going to be very interesting , i guess we have to wait and see . 
  i always knew portuguese people had a good taste . 
   i think that in the case of the child being disabled , the mothers life being at risk , the child being a result of rape or if the child is going to die anyway , an abortion should be allowed . 
  why abortion when the woman is raped is not murder but when the woman has sex willingly it becomes one ? 
  please explain ? 
   i never stated that people around me do n't have sex . 
  is n't there contraception in finland ? 
  yes it is , we have quality health care and still women have abortions . 
  so what you are saying is that in ireland contraception is 100 % sure and those people who do n't want kids always use it ? 
  so in other words , those 166,951 women just did n't have an access to contraception , and each year there is 3500 more ? 
  of course contraception and sex education is the only way of bringing abortion down , but it will never stop it completely .
