  we were already living a second cold war.except this time usa simply voted themselves out of the picture . 
  this is seriously huge ( heh ) news . 
  usa will not be the world superpower anymore . 
  things are going to change . 
  tell me about it , and it is beyond me why my monster government ( okay , mostly rkp whose main mission is to ensure this ) wants to add something as horrible as swedish for no reason in top of it ?? 
  edit : still not sure if the paradox in your sentence was intentional or not . 
  forced to study an useless language , that sounds frustrating , i wonder how it feels . 
  so would you say we need a. . . wall ? 
  how lazy you can be not to even open the link ? 
  is gary younge the guardian for you ? 
  and please check the date this column was posted . 
  `` finally sensing a changing wind '' lol, 
  interesting choice of words . 
   russia will most probably remain politically aggressive . 
  that 's a diplomatic way of expressing it . 
  however i would personally suggest getting to know what happened in russia for the last roughly 100 years would be better for understanding their mentality and what 's going on today . 
  maybe most importantly what happened in ww2 to this day , everything from the time under stalin 's dictatorship to the battle of who will be the superpower with america . 
  the last 25 years after the su collapse are really interesting and explain a lot why putin is so popular . 
  altough i do n't claim to be any kind of expert and i think learning history no matter for what reasons is always useful and smart . 
   in light of recent and most probably future events i afraid to ask what kind of ` future events ' you have in mind . 
   loving the daily mail comments at the moment . 
  comment sections in general tend to be the place where intelligence crawls to die no matter where in internet , but the one of daily mail . . never fails to genuinely amaze me . 
  hahaha what a joke :d, 
   first one always brings an amazing christmasy feeling . 
  i have the exact same feeling , it really does !, 
  i love it . 
  somehow so uplifting , these crispy fresh days of first snow are just the best . 
  and after when the day is done you can go inside and cuddle up with woolen socks and hot tea , so comfortable . 
   snow is always nice and fluffy oh trust me it is n't , we have like a million words for different kinds of snows and there is everything from the grains that hit your face so hard it hurts to the slush that sucks your soul out when you have to walk on it ( especially with heels ) to the powdery fluffy cute perfectness we have today . 
  it is an absolutely beautiful day , loving every moment of this weather . 
  it was supposed to be a long and crappy day but first snow always makes me insanely happy . 
  we already went to the dog park with my friends puppy who experienced his first snow and it was so cute i almost died . 
  so that means nobody is wearing those cute yet manly sweaters that fit you guys so well ? 
  what temperature you would say men start to wear them ? 
  or is it even that common and only my own image ? 
  asking for a friend . 
   25c is still a bearable temperature , but above that it 's too hot for me . 
  i do n't get it , this is so common for so many finns . 
  so many of my friends think like this . 
  actually now when i think about it it tends to be almost only men . 
  what 's up with you guys ? 
  for me personally above 25 things starts to get comfortable . 
  roughly 25-32 is the sweet spot . 
   well once . 
  for half an hour . 
  you just had to bring that up did n't you ? 
  [ that will never happen again . 
  let 's not talk about it anymore . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eads8nimk5y ) ( starts at 00:58 ), 
   well , they already took half of finland 's land a while back they did ? 
  and there i was thinking it was only 11 % in winter war and salla , petsamo and karelia in continuation war . 
  but for the rest of your sentence , a very good point sir . 
   during a mass you literally say `` my fault , my fault , my very great fault '' . 
  are you serious ? 
  that is hilarious not gon na lie i giggled out loud :d i knew that catholics have a big fetish with guilt and shame but it is hard from someone who was raised in a extremely mild lutheran environment to get that . 
  i definitely understand dylan moran 's [ biscuit explanation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2mvow3a7t8 ) better now . 
   but when i see your masses i just wan na join in on the dance . 
  :d that 's hilarious too compared to finland . 
  church is a place you are silent and respectful . 
  i found one with 100k too . 
  and hehe not really , it 's like 1-2 % of people who earn more than that . 
  mmm that looks good , so fresh . 
  i envy you . 
   it even listed your address right next to your income jesus christ are you kidding ?? 
   there were always break ins in our house and property the week the list came out , like clockwork . 
  oh that 's a shame but ca n't blame them , i mean who could have possibly predict something like that ? 
  oh no please do n't give any swedish numbers i can call , we already used the call a swedish person thing and it was way too much fun . 
  i bet even the people in tax offices are nice . 
   and yes , everyone ( taxpayers ) are on the list just for some cases you have to go and check it for yourself in the offices . 
  oh yeah that is true . 
  i thought you meant the lists on newspapers . 
   you might disagree but i find it keeps people honest no , i do n't disagree with that . 
  it might not be that simple but the bottom line is does . 
   i was pretty shocked to hear of an ex college friend of mine there virtue signaling that he is proud to be part of a country with a good social system . 
  later i found out he was routing all the profits from his startup through a shell company in estonia , it 's kind of hard to pretend you give to society when a simple audit anyone can do proved you do n't . 
  i am glad people got to know , how did you find out btw ? 
   well then you might have some serious questions about what you are doing with our money and where it comes from no that was of course not what i meant , i meant if you do n't have an income at all . 
  paying taxes is important and everybody does it , true . 
   i live in finland and everyone pays taxes ... you do ?? 
  what 's up with the flair and saying everyone is on the list etc. 
  edit : oops i reread your first message and took the last sentence in a wrong way , sorry . 
  nevermind . 
   dude , we are ok with everything what our goverment decides . 
  hahaha !!, 
  i take it as you are not a student . 
   you can buy all the midget hookers you want . 
  who told you this ?? 
  so not it 's not okay a girl spends her student loan to some midget hookers if that is the only thing that relaxes me ?? 
   transparency of how income is there is getting there is more important . 
  but seriously this , true . 
  good text . 
   they publish everyone over $ 120,000 ? 
  is n't that a lot of people ? 
  the line apparently differs from each newspaper , one of the biggest ones puts the line in 100k . 
  and yes it is a lot of people . 
   asking your closest friends about their salary is already considered a touchy subject . 
  oh i would personally never do that , people do n't discuss these things even with their close friends in general . 
  if you are looking for logic i am afraid i ca n't help . 
  no they are not ireland . 
   op seems to have an agenda , judging by their posts and responses , ... you do n't say , i have told exactly what i think of this .
