  oh my god , shaking . 
  not again , i ca n't fucking believe this . 
  this seriously ca n't be happening . 
  not in sweden . 
  i ca n't find information if people are dead or just injured . 
  sweden we love you , ~ ~ please let there not be any dead ( but `` split in half '' doesn \u00b4 t really give hope ) . ~ ~ edit : so people have lost their lives . 
  it just keeps happening , again and again , and now it is happening so close . 
  sending lots of love and my thoughts are with all those who have been affected . 
  condolences to our dear nordic bros , please stay safe . 
  i hope they will catch this scum . 
  this is just so devastating , what a fucking tragedy . 
  yes i am sorry , i did n't see them ( before i refreshed the page ) . 
  can we have a sticky thread ? 
  this is quite fucking shocking . 
  i ca n't believe this . 
  does n't this ever stop ?? 
   there was much more respect for effortful art than i was expecting from the interne good point , also i think there was significant effort for respectful art which god knows is rare in internet . 
  the swastikas , dicks , insults , slurs , making fun of people etc were n't really there even you would expect that . 
  you were great neighbors , thank you < 3, 
   you were kinda off in this entire thing . 
  it was glorious . 
  okay good point , that does indeed make me feel better . 
  thank you everyone , it was clear that the european countries dominated this one !!, 
  this was so much fun , i ca n't believe how addicting this was :d unfortunately stupid meaningless things like eating , sleeping and going to work/school disrupted me way too much , but it was so nice to participate at least a little !, 
  thank you everyone for your beautiful art . 
   edit : ps , is anyone else a bit relieved this is over ? 
  was i the only one a bit stressed about all this ? 
  r/suomi was happy to give a hand to our southern bros !, 
   you fought good . 
  edit : the estonian flag was under such a heavy attack and turned out to be this flawless . 
  seriously well done you guys . 
  however what comes to our glorious leader ukk those red dots drive me crazy . 
  fuck you , the person ( s ) who made them ( and who dedicated their life to mess it up ) . 
  just fuck you . 
  haha it was a joke , this is a great picture and i love it . 
  i secretly dreamed of having hearts connecting all the countries around the eu flag ( also between ireland and finland ) . 
   and shout out to all the people fighting the void with the eu flag we won in the end !, 
  the night might be dreadful , but glory comes with the morning . 
  we did fantastic . 
  saving both the eu flag and the finnish one from the thing-that-must-not-be-named were my most honorable moments during this great battle . 
  thanks for cutting us out of the picture :(, 
  sure , me too . 
  and i agree :d, 
  and we were sweden for 600 years . 
  that 's why i find this so annoying , since it is n't 100 % black and white ( or something worth getting angry about , at least ) like ideological terms rarely are . 
  in some definitions iceland and finland are counted in , but the standard definition is surely sweden , norway and denmark . 
  kohuke from estonia . 
  those little maisku-bars , i was so happy when they came to finland . 
  also not really a snack , more of a meal , but belgian frites . 
  just ... 
  i do n't even have words . 
  their mayo + frites honestly the best fast food one can grab on the go . 
  for a sit down meal moules-frites is, 
  make a heart in between !, 
  no , but i am sure the british redditors are willing to tell you why just the _ idea _ of the eu army is absolutely insane . 
  hey , remember how you claimed that daily mail is just getting too much exposure here in r/europe and how it is n't really that influential ( or your face to the rest of the world ) ? 
  and how me pointing out how hateful trash propaganda tabloids are popular in your country lead to you accusing how i just happen to have a `` clearly balanced opinion of british public '' ( this is extremely common btw , taking out the weird `` you just hate the english '' - victim card . 
  i do n't get it ) ? 
  please , go take a peek on how daily mail covers this . 
  read also the comments . 
  then come back here to tell us how daily mail is n't really producing people like this and if they are , they are just a tiny minority , how in reality brits use bbc and how dm is just for a couple of people who read their newspaper . 
  also compare the monthly online visitors of bbc and daily mail . 
  it 's going to be a fucking brutal two years . 
  we are a few days after triggering article 50 and have already discussed war and letting people die in terror attacks . 
  this is going wonderfully . 
  please tell me more about the punishment and why it is reasonable that uk should use military force to pay back for that `` punishment '' . 
  the escalation of this situation has really been outstanding , beyond my wildest dreams . 
  after seeing this i went to see how dm is handling this and boy was it a delightful trip . 
  day 5 , and here we are talking about war . 
  well , not really shocking considering people here discussed in a calm manner how eu-citizens dying of terrorism would be a reasonable price as long as britain gets a good deal . 
  so no biggie . 
  why are you explaining this to me ? 
  inb4 the `` but finland is n't scandinavian '' . 
  fuck that is annoying btw . 
  i got happy seeing this . 
  it 's pretty . 
  thank you . 
  damn , the british flags does look amazing right now . 
  and what comes to the the eu flags , they are n't doing so great . 
  h\u00f6p\u00f6 h\u00f6p\u00f6 . 
  i make it up with my flawless dutch . 
  yeah i noticed the swastikas too , and they are persistent . 
  :d who is behind this terrible act ? 
  at your command sir . 
  okay so two things : 1 ) can we have a much much bigger flag ? 
  i mean the size of sweden 's or something ? 
  that is just too tiny . 
  2 ) should n't we concentrate on france 's flag too ? 
  which one is it ? 
  which one should i choose ? 
  should n't we unite on this and have like clear instructions ? 
  i am crumbling like a cookie under this stress , someone the the lead for the love of god people !, 
  or ... what if we abandon all this and build a finnish flag inside of sweden 's ? 
  who 's with me ? 
  but you already did that with your own flair ? 
  yeah i did that after i saw it has n't been posted , sorry i did n't know that i should n't do that . 
  but yeah okay moving on !, 
  haha i understand , keep it up you guys . 
  ( : thank you for you work and especially for the april fools specialty . 
  hahaha fair enough , i agree : , d but if i can ask how this is different from [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62rl2o/glorious_satire_brexit_a_titanic_failure/ ) one ?
