  as long as there is people fucking , there will be humanly accidents and birth control failing . 
  so yes , stating that you do n't know any of those women or their partners who have had an abortion , means that the people around you are n't fucking . 
   your whole spiel is just accusing me of believing in things i never said i did . 
  please correct me what accusation i 've made that is wrong . 
   you 're deluded says the person believing he does n't know anyone who have had an abortion . 
  that is nice to hear , then i read your message right . 
  especially this  unborn life as greater to that of the mother 's . 
  which is really the root of the ban . 
   so no need to try persuade me of anything in favour of abortion , but i 'm still not sure what you are getting at , for the record . 
  i mean there is clearly something strange with a public wanting to have strict abortion laws , but people still fucking carefreely and women travelling to uk to have abortions . 
  so in other words , either only the people who are pro-choice to begin with have sex and travel to uk , or then each of those anti-abortion persons have sex only with people they are ready to have kids with and when they are ready to be parents or then the what the public wants is different of what the public practices . 
  just that it is quite odd . 
  i mean i take pole classes . 
  please do n't take the attention away from the real topic here , which is line dancing being nothing but satan 's tricks to prey on vulnerable souls and the weak human flesh . 
  i mean that those 3500 women who travel to uk each year to have an abortions are irish too , and apparently they should be the ones `` not crazy about killing babies '' ? 
  not to mention the guys who helped them to get to that position . 
  maybe that those good people who are n't that crazy about killing babies might be the same people who have had unprotected sex , or sex with partners they would never want to have children with , and who change their moral position the minute an inconvenient pregnancy starts concerning them ? 
  it 's so strange when those same people are still crazy about having sex , right ? 
  even the ones who do n't want children . 
   i said abortion on demand , not in all cases . 
  ah , that is convenient . 
  well the reality in ireland is that everything else except in the case of a woman 's life is banned , and your message came across very much like you consider your current laws to be humane . 
  what do you consider `` on demand '' , and what are the reasons that make abortion not a murder but others do ? 
   ** which i do n't think i do ** , right . 
  of course . 
  what you are stating that the people around you are n't having sex . 
  that is quite something . 
  if that is n't correct , then guess what , you do know those women and you even know men who decided together with their partners that they are going to have an abortion . 
  it is statistically impossible that you 've lived in your tiny island and never came across those bad murderers . 
  terrifying , is n't it . 
  walking among normal people like that . 
  quick quote : `` between january 1980 and december 2015 , at least 166,951 women and girls travelled from the republic of ireland to access abortion services in another country . '', 
  obviously you 've existed during some on those times and they are all around you . 
  can you explain to me your logic what makes you think you do n't even _ know _ any of those women , not to mention have them on your relatives , friends , even girlfriends or even the women you 've had sex with ? 
  this is the reason why even saudi-arabia has more humane abortion laws than you do . 
  the culture of shame and catholic obsessions about punishing women for their sexuality is so deep rooted that the silence it has created makes people genuinely think no one they know have had an abortion . 
  just like with your little systems for fallen women , those were the only ones having sex before marriage back then , of course . 
  btw , it is quite nice that there never existed houses for the men who impregnated those women , nor there exist a part in the laws that states punishing the men who impregnated the women who have had abortions and who should go to jail ( or there does , only in case of rape , and even then the punishment is clearly shorter than for the woman who aborted ) , neither there exists labels for the partners of those murderers . 
  that is very handy , especially what comes to being super judgmental while having a sex life . 
   i do , does n't mean that they are n't a murderer . 
  of course they are , how else would they stay so silent about it . 
  in the madonna-whore scale , they break the scale . 
  think about it , not only are they sluts having sex , they _ refuse to be mothers _ . 
  sweet lord , throw those women to prison , immediately !, 
  you can be grateful for yourself and your mates being sure not to have sex until marriage , and even then only conceiving healthy babies , and being able to physically and mentally taking care of all the children god blesses you with . 
   also , looking at that map , finland has pretty poor abortion `` rights '' too , compared to the western world . 
  in finland , you are guaranteed to have one if you want one before 12 weeks , after that when there is something wrong with you or the baby . 
  in short , if you need an abortion , you get one , and it is cheap and provided everywhere ( nurses or hospitals do n't have the right not to perform an abortion ) . 
  the yellow color is because you consult a doctor before and abortion , but they do n't have the right not to let you have it . 
  do i personally think that should be removed and that we should join the green colour ? 
  sure i do . 
  however i find it very positive that in the end of your piece you started do recognize that abortion rights are in fact rights , and that not having them ( as you assume finland does ) is something to be ashamed of . 
  yeah , and the last houses for `` the fallen women '' in your country were shut down just 21 years ago , so obviously many supported them . 
  does that mean they were alright ? 
  it 's not like abortion is n't happening in ireland , you just have outsourced it to another country . 
  as long it is happening somewhere else it is fine . 
  just because you care about those 3500 women and girls forced to travel to the uk each year does n't make it less inhumane . 
  just because you feel like abortion being _ illegal _ is alright , does n't make it right . 
  just because you think that not even preserving the health of the woman is n't enough reason for an abortion , does n't make it right . 
  the fact is your country has one of the strictest laws in the world . 
  take a look at [ this map ] ( https://www.reproductiverights.org/sites/crr.civicactions.net/files/documents/abortionmap2014.pdf ) , compare ireland to the rest of the western world . 
  can you really say , truly meaning it , that forcing a woman to give birth when there is obviously a reason she does n't want or ca n't to , is humane ? 
  do you see that forcing a deformed fetus in the world who will live a few painful hours and then die is humane ? 
  would you be okay with someone dropping a very disable kid to you and saying that this is your life now , good luck for the next 40 years ? 
  would you see that as humane ? 
  have you ever had sex ? 
  if you have , have you had it only with people you were ready to have children with and were you always fully prepared to take care of the kid ( even alone ) if there was an accident ? 
  and i know that there is a lot of support for the cruel abortion laws your country has . 
  i have been there and spoken to people and even witnessed anti-abortion march . 
  the amount of propaganda i was distributed was mindblowing . 
  abortion is super shameful and condemned there . 
  its like those 11 women each day travelling to england does n't even exist , or if they do they are cold-blooded murderers . 
  except they are not , they are your friends , relatives , the people you buy your coffee from . 
  they might not talk to you about it , but trust me , they are there . 
   the entire point of this post is to parade around the lie that the voter loyalty deal will bring britain back to social dark ages - which i highlighted was absolute shite . 
  to me this post is pointing out how your conservatives chose to make a pact with backwards religious nutjobs and how crazy they actually are . 
   you know full well the aim of this post , and the relevancy of my comment . 
  you seem to have a problem with presuming things . 
   yet , pointing them out is utterly , as you well know , given the purpose of my post utterly what ? 
  the purpose of your post was to throw a tantrum because you ca n't handle people criticizing how ridiculous your government is . 
   to try and make a weak point that the title of the post is merely highlighting their position from a objective standpoint is downright silly . 
  again , i suggest you start concentrating on what you read . 
  i did n't in any way claim that there was an `` objective standpoint '' . 
  obviously it is made tongue in a cheek . 
  what i did point out was that you are free to correct the parts that you feel that are so ridiculous and utterly ill-informed . 
  we need to condemn the inhumane abortion laws dup stands for completely , and not only abortion not being possible in case of rape . 
   there is not threat to the social progressivity of one nation toryism . 
  enough of this truly laughable , mindless and utterly ill-informed brit bashing . 
  cop on now . 
  that is weird , because to my eyes the title says `` how do dup party views and policies align with sharia law ? '' . 
  apparently you found mentions of how this sub ( or `` continentals '' ) think how this transforms to the degradation of gays rights ? 
  what you are saying is that the chart is incorrect ? 
  btw , you do know that northern-ireland shares the same abortion laws with saudi-arabia ? 
  how that goes with britain standing for progressivity , tolerance and happiness ? 
  or is pointing that out britain bashing too ( btw , why is the `` this is anglophobia '' - victim card whenever someone presents unpleasant facts or suggest that britain might have so flaws in it so damn popular among brexiteers in reddit ? 
  it ca n't be a coincidence anymore , i have seen it way too many times . ) ? 
  if it is `` utterly ill-informed '' , mindless and laughable , please be so kind and point out the facts which are incorrect in the chart ? 
   downvote , you only do so because it upsets you that it 's the truth . 
  oh the irony ... 
  it 's just too much .
