  stop . 
  just stop . 
  you can \u00b4 t give one example of that `` maliciousness '' . 
  please , for the love of god , concentrate on fixing your mess and not trying to use eu as the ultimate scapegoat for _ everything _ . 
  worry about yourself and let us decide how we react and feel , thank you very much . 
  it is not your precious feelings that are the main concern right now . 
  hihi , we use it for the same situation too . 
  i just figured that would do in this context since it rains so much in scotland and i didn \u00b4 t come up with anything good to express my admiration towards their badassery . 
  i have the same thing !, 
  have had for ever , i just love scotland . 
  but you really have to give credit to the scots how incredibly well they have handled the situation . 
  they truly have been the winners in this sad scenario . 
  nicola has been the only one with a plan after brexit , she has handled her affairs firmly and with a professional attitude ( which can \u00b4 t be said on anybody else really ) , but still very gracefully considering how hugely england let scotland down . 
  i think scots might be able to turn this sorrow into a treasure and be thankful of the brexit in the long run . 
  those though bastards . 
  they really have not been made out of sugar , as we say in finland . 
  why exactly not ? 
  how it is not beneficial for the eu ? 
  since you know , that is the only party i care about at this point . 
  divorce is always messy , you guys knew it when you pulled the trigger . 
  it may not be `` punishment '' it will simply be `` what \u00b4 s best for eu '' . 
  since that is now more important than what is best for you . 
  especially since there * has not been * any punishments , your dad \u00b4 s reaction is just ... 
   so the uk should have stayed in , even though the public obviously do n't want it to ? 
  it was an internal decision for the uk to make . 
  if the people of the uk want out then the uk should leave . 
  no , of course i can \u00b4 t force them to stay , even if i wanted to . 
  the point is you simply can \u00b4 t get pissed for people being heartbroken and even furious of what has happened . 
  i didn \u00b4 t say i can dictate your country , i said you can \u00b4 t except to dictate our feelings and reactions towards them . 
  no , i can \u00b4 t see the hypocrisy since i would personally never act that way . 
  this . 
  this attitude ( it has been _ all over reddit _ ) has angered me perhaps the most on the whole brexit-circus . 
  it is so horribly arrogant and selfish i did n't expect anything like that from brits . 
  what did your father expect ? 
  a big thank you for abandoning us when we needed unity more than ever ? 
  thank you for the ~ 15 000 jobs lost in finland because of brexit ? 
  thank you for the fact that my sister ca n't live in uk with her husband without taking a british citizenship ? 
  thank you for the fact that my cousin ca n't study in scotland like she dreamed of ? 
  thank you that two of my relatives will have to transfer parts of their businesses from uk to finland ? 
  thanks for the fact i probably wo n't be able to do the erasmus-exchange i dreamed of ? 
  thank you that countless of my friends are now facing a very uncertain future , forced to decide where to live and what country \u00b4 s citizenship they will take etc. 
  is your father seriously mad of the incredibly mild reaction you have received if you compare the damage you have done ? 
  is he surprised that about 1.3 million brits working in europe and the ~ 2,3 million eu-citizens are basically robbed their jobs and that they just _ might _ be a little shaken ? 
  i am sorry , but i do n't believe you . 
  you sound like a leave-voter who is furious because his actions have consequences . 
  the ultimate form of bullying is getting mad when the bullied does n't obey the bully , or even expect the victim to be happy about the treatment he gets . 
  that is _ not _ the mentality of a sophisticated western country , i do n't think i have to spell which kind of countries use it . 
  that mentality has made me probably the saddest in this whole charade . 
  tldr : brits fuck everything up , first thing they do is to start whining about the reactions of other countries ( like they are n't justified , shaming them ) and demanding good deals and to be the winner in this situation . 
  dude.i do n't think this is the best time for an englishman to start pointing fingers on others . 
  seriously . 
  i know . 
  everything is going nuts . 
  germans making jokes , brits being dysfunctional assholes . 
  i have literally no idea what you are trying to say . 
  really ? 
  i remember reading somewhere than the pay is good for a russian standard . 
  my bad then , sorry . 
  yup , the requirements seem to be super low , since you don \u00b4 t even have to actually know the language you are trying to troll with . 
  the finnish ones are just hilarious . 
  lovely mixes of google translate , grammar mistakes , expressions that nobody uses anymore and opinions not one sane person would ever have and therefore you can spot instantly what they are . 
  although i have to give credit for them for one thing , they really seem to put on team effort to like each others writings . 
  nope . 
  you told ukraine that you do n't give a fuck . 
  i do n't have the mental energy to explain why , since you do n't understand a thing from the entire situation . 
  hey , can i ask one thing ? 
  can you give me three ( 3 ) concrete , actual facts why you voted leave ? 
  i do n't mean sentimental , abstract bullshit like `` becyse imdupendence !!, 
  we took our country back yeaaah '' , i mean actual , promised facts . 
  like remain-voters would have said for ex . 
  that being in the union gives people the right to study , work and live in 27 other countries . 
  i just ca n't . 
  well done , you . 
  it is obvious you do n't understand even why the war started . 
  good job . 
  keep avoiding those newspapers in the future too . 
  it is lovely how your `` camarade europe '' changed to `` i do n't give a flying fuck about ukraine '' . 
  i am guessing that is because you did n't know ukraine belongs to europe . 
  i spot them all the time too . 
  althought i think it is incredibly optimistic to except an average leave-voter to even know that there _ is _ a trollfactory . 
  or even what is going on in ukraine . 
  maybe even that a country named ukraine exist , that is possible too . 
  so the propaganda is raining on to a extremely fertile and welcoming soil . 
  edit : ~ ~ he pays them well btw . ~ ~ apparently he doesn \u00b4 t , sorry . 
  i know , nato has done splendid job in ukraine . 
  and now that you are out you can stop the sanctions too , is n't that great ? 
  your closest allie , indeed . 
  or maybe ukraine is n't in europe for you . 
  true , you are not working with russia , you are working for them . 
  and doing an excellent job . 
  i know , the fearmongering is ridicilous . 
  so much drama out of thin air . 
  it 's not there is an actual war going on in europe right now , right ? 
  friday was a happy day for putin . 
  in so many levels . 
   our closest allies are you joking ? 
  are you actually stating here you do n't see any kind of difference on how this is going to affect the whole europe 's safety ? 
  well done you , you made putin a very happy man . 
  this is not the fault of media . 
  this is the fault of people who are actually stupid enough to consider daily mail as a source of reliable information .
