  does this circus annoy me ? 
  you bet your ass it does . 
  that 's my agenda , here you go . 
   this is not about telling everyone what you earn it 's about telling how much tax you paid ( or did n't pay ) hehe  i do n't care if anyone sees how much tax i paid as essentially it 's just a receipt for my contribution to society what if you did n't ? 
  pay taxes i mean ? 
  and someone you do n't like uses that to shame you . 
  cool username btw, 
  you 've done well . 
   also , if people are interested in from where and how much politicians make i 'd call them smart instead of envious of course keeping track of the politicians etc is smart , i agree . 
  hating your neighbor who made 100 k a year is nothing but envy . 
   and i 'm also too lazy to spell check for my typos ;d is there a typo ? 
  : o ca n't find it . 
  hey at least you can check them , for me unfortunately i just do n't know if there is one . 
  but hey at least i try right, 
  is it free and anonymous ? 
   once the money is in your possession , no public eyes are on it . 
  i have to admit i have no idea what you are trying to say . 
   also : `` i ca n't find that person on internet and ** i 'm too lazy to got to tax office ... '' ** we have a winner . 
   if i was a single finnish dude , i suppose it would be a good way to find a rich wife . 
  haha you golddigger . 
   as a finn i 'm okay with this translation : you are not on the lists . 
  it 's okay , me neither :d  it 's not like everyone checks what everyone else gets paid , oh yeah that is true of course . 
  it would be a social suicide to start admitting you do something that crazy online , let alone going to the tax office . 
  of course i have never been there myself and do n't know who has done it , but people do it nevertheless . 
   most people wo n't spy their neighbours etc as that would require a visit to the tax office . 
  true , i am sure it is a pretty small group of people who enjoy or have time to do something like that . 
   nd even if they do , i do n't really care as it 's not that big of a secret to me . 
  my friends/neighbours/colleagues already know what my job is and how i live so they can pretty accurately guess what i earn . 
  true , and i am sure a lot of people agree with you . 
  however you ca n't speak for everyone . 
   literally anyone could check how much their neighbor , coworker , friend , tax driver etc. 
  makes ? 
  yes . 
   is this a misunderstanding ? 
  do you actually do this ? 
  no and no . 
  http://www.iltasanomat.fi/verotiedot/ i think there is a lot more than 500 people . 
   but maybe they should introduce some kind of small/medium fee per tax record . 
  oh i was wrong then , for some reason i was under the impression that you guys have to pay a small fee for the information . 
  is it possible to look up information without the person you are checking knowing you did it ? 
  funny , overall you have pretty much exact same opinion as i have . 
  i am student so my earnings are ridiculously small and my family is n't rich so this does n't really consider me ( it is very likely i will never be rich either ) , but i hate it when normal people are being subjected to this . 
  the super rich/politicians etc are a different thing and there actually is benefits that their income is public , it does prevent corruption . 
  so yup i personally think that the data being public is okay and the idea of having to reveal your identity and / or pay while checking it would be very good idea since i have a feeling it would reduce dramatically the amount of useless snooping only to satisfy your curiosity . 
  but the form of social porn it is right now annoys me , i do n't like it . 
   certainly not unique ; similar thing in at least norway and sweden . 
  i do n't think it is possible to look for the information anonymously ? 
  also i am not sure ( swedes correct me if i am wrong ) but does n't this cost something in sweden ? 
   if anyone look me up i can see who did it , but i do n't like the system at all . 
  this is the thing that makes quite a big difference between our countries . 
  you can do it completely anonymously in here , and to me i think that knowing who looked on your information changes the thing a lot . 
  how does your system work ? 
  do you have to log in or how you know who looked it up ? 
   people are afraid of envy and mostly for a reason . 
  yup . 
  it is not only envy , there is a big security risk too and it is n't only theoretical . 
  us finns we have a great deal of trust for each other and our society , but the reality is that crime exists . 
  we had for example this one dude who grew salads in greenhouses and made millions with his business , he was blackmailed and his family was harassed . 
  he has publicly spoken against this . 
  but the envy is a big factor too and it can be quite harmful . 
  i have personally witnessed bullying as a kid because of this and it was quite heartbreaking . 
  the bullying of course does n't stop after childhood , it just changes the form . 
  ~ ~ a great deal of finns share your opinion ~ ~ . 
  not a single finn shares your opinion . 
  everybody loves it , especially the people on the list . 
   `` boys will be boys '' eh ? 
  yes , exactly this . 
  this is the exact mentality why those two finnish guys were just gently patted on the head even the girl will be struggling with her burns for a _ very _ long time , not to mention how painful it is to her . 
  the craziest thing is that even the swimming clubs refused to expel those boys first , because according to them , _ the boys already apologized in whatsapp and that 's enough . _ even the way media was publishing stories of what happened was simply blaming the swimming pool because they had this technical problem and the water was so hot , so the headlines were things like `` almost boiling water coming from the taps of impivaara '' , not `` two boys bullied girls and threw boiling water on one , the injuries are so severe her swimming career is over '' ( yes my english sucks but you get the idea ) . 
  they all use words like accident and incident to describe what happened . 
  according the police too it was an `` accident '' . 
  i do have to say i have a strong feeling that if those bullies would have been girls that case would have been taken _ a lot _ more seriously . 
  and if you really think about it , the `` boys will be boys '' - mentality is kind of behind the sentence in germany too . 
   it 's not the police who decides to prosecute . 
  it 's the public defender . 
  i guess i was n't clear enough in my first text ( ca n't really blame you tough , i read it a second time ) , but the reason we are discussing about the criminal responsibility is because those two boys fall under it . 
  they were both under 15 , which is the age in finland . 
  therefore if a person under 15 is suspected of a crime , they will not be prosecuted or sentenced , because their case will not be handled by court . 
  instead it will be police and child welfare taking care of him/her . 
  what the polices decides is vital especially in these kind of cases because it is practically the only way of getting a little bit of justice , and here for a reason we do n't know , they decided that bullying some by locking them in a closet so they ca n't escape , fetching ice cold water four times to be throw on those girls and finally filling a bucket with hot boiling water and throwing it all on the girl was n't a crime . 
  also i do n't know how the law goes in your country , but in finland first you go to the police who investigates if there is a reason to suspect a crime . 
  then the police will send the preliminary investigation to the prosecutor who will continue the case from there . 
  but tbh i do n't get what 's your point in here . 
   if they ca n't understand that hot water can be harmful then they deserve to be placed in a mental instituion . 
  yeah , people have been pretty stunned here about that . 
  how it is possible to pour almost boiling water to a bucket and not understand it is hot ? 
  i mean you can visibly see the steam and all . 
  but whatever the reason the police decided it was not an assault and not a crime . 
  pretty sad since the girl is going to need plastic surgery for her wounds and her career as a swimmer is over . 
   what minors do n't understand are the consequences for the girl and probably for themself . 
  nah , they knew she is going to be traumatized , they must have seen how horrible it was for her during it and they knew that if you rape you will face legal consequences . 
  seriously , you need to meet 16-year olds if you think they are unable to know things like that . 
   minors are also easily influenced by older people , it 's easier for them to say yes then no , having other people say ` yeah do it , it 's okay ' makes the minors think the same , it 's just how minors/children are . . even if they know it 's wrong just because you were like that does n't mean everyone else are . 
  sure , it is easier to manipulate them to participate in stupid shit like vandalizing , doing drugs or shoplifting or other shit like that that they think makes them look cool and that does n't seem that black and white , but saying that it is easy to manipulate teenagers to do something as grave as raping ? 
  nope . 
  hurting other people is a completely different thing . 
   17 is questionable , 16 maybe but it heavily depends on the person but a ** 14 year old is a children . 
  ** all under 18 year old are considered as children in the eyes of law , but in your description they are innocent creatures that simply do n't now what is right and what is wrong and need the example and guidance of a 21-year-old to not rape others . 
  there has been way too long of you being a 14-year-old if you think they are children in the sense that they do n't understand raping is wrong . 
   criminal responsibility starts at that age here .
