  ftfy , like that would apply only to london :d, 
   maybe this will cheer you up : we 're leaving the eu , not europe what does that even mean ? 
  i see this all the time . 
   for some reason you got rid of your aristocracy the uk did not haha qu\u00e9 ?? 
  :d we had a pretty pathetic attempt to import a german king to rule us after our independence in 1918 , but he never arrived ( he was elected but did n't want to take the place ) : dd so i am not sure what you mean . 
   our systems have a subverted media to maintain control . 
  pretty simple really . 
  simple maybe but still sad . 
  now kiss . 
  okay calm down . 
  i understand why you can find something like that infuriating ( since yes , it was a stupid thing to say i agree ) , but my wording was nothing but an honest mistake ( let 's be honest here , my english is far from perfect ) . 
  i do n't know what i was thinking writing it that way and i apologize for that , but my intention was not to say that finland does n't have a free press . 
  that 's a ridiculous claim and i am very aware of our rankings . 
   how the hell can you say that the press is n't `` allowed '' to write about politics here ? 
  well , i ca n't say anything like that so it 's a good thing i did n't ( ? ) . 
   even then there are publications that openly support some political party , like demari for the socdems , nykyp\u00e4iv\u00e4 for the national coalition party and suomenmaa for the centre party . 
  these might have more neutral reporting style than the typical newspaper in the anglo-saxon world , but while their reporting is usually pretty objective , they do pick stories that support their politics , and the editorial content is often openly slanted towards their party . 
  yeah , those publications do n't just support them , those are their own newspapers ( j\u00e4rjest\u00f6julkaisu in finnish , i ca n't for the life of me translate that in english right now ) , just like you said . 
  for example if you are a member of the center party you will automatically get suomenmaa delivered to you . 
  also , all of those have a tiny circulation , they are all under ~ 20 000 . 
  but yeah , it was my poor attempt to express that we do n't have the traditional left-right division on our biggest newspapers like in britain , and pretty much all of our most popular newspapers are politically independent ( helsingin sanomat , turun sanomat , maaseudun tulevaisuus , iltalehti , iltasanomat and so on ) and not tied to any particular political party . 
  do n't ask me why it came out like that because i ca n't answer you . 
  edit : edited the original text just for you , better ? 
   the only difference is britain 's press is n't mandated by fiat to nod along with the officially acceptable narrative . 
  the only difference to whom ? 
  what `` officially acceptable narrative '' ? 
  are you suggesting that britain is somehow exceptionally free compared to rest of the world ? 
  considering that uk ranks [ 38th ] ( https://rsf.org/en/ranking ) for rsf , i do n't think they are some rare exception in a world of opression . 
  haha that 's somehow super cute :d, 
   to be fair , we have our own yellow press ( 2 of them ) with loose morals you ca n't possibly suggest that ilta-sanomat and iltalehti are comparable to daily mail and the sun . 
  i am not sure what you mean with loose morals . 
  yes , there is stupid shit ( meaning the `` hey look at this instagram girl and her tits '' - kinda thing ) but you could _ never _ find for example blatant political propaganda on them . 
  could you imagine we would have `` independence day '' and `` vote this way '' - headlines on the cover of them ? 
  they do n't favor any political party , not to mention anything _ close _ to the sun and daily mail . 
  if you have an example of either of those , please give me a link . 
  also what comes to overall `` loose morals '' , both our trash tabloids pale in comparison to daily mail and the sun . 
  we do n't for example publish the face of even convicted criminals except in very rare cases , the articles about for example crime ca n't be compared to daily mail . 
  their habit is to go through every picture of everyone involved they can possibly find with age , full names , everything . 
  victims , suspects , you name it . 
  they seem to especially enjoy rape trials , plastering the faces of those who have n't been convicted yet on the internet for ever and at the same time concentrating on `` fake rape accusations '' and how women `` cry rape '' . 
  can you imagine reading something like that on either of the finnish tabloids ? 
  not to mention the level of misogyny . 
  is and il do enjoy their click baiting with ( beautiful ) women , but either of them writing a piece that even resembles for example what happened yesterday with the `` great legs-it '' ? 
  just nope . 
   i would say helsinging sanomat more clearly has a bit of a agenda with being a left leaning i agree that helsingin sanomat can come across as more left leaning , but they do try to stay objective and stick to the facts , which is the complete opposite of daily mail and the sun . 
  also officially they are a politically independent newspaper ( here 's their [ statement ] ( http://www.hs.fi/kotimaa/art-2000002604272.html ) about it ) . 
   and i do n't think they are nearly as bad as some people make them out to be . 
  there is a reason why some people are so keen on convincing others that yle and helsingin sanomat are not reliable `` fake news '' . 
  these tend to be the same people who consider mv-lehti ( for non-finns , this is a dude who run a site that concentrated on hating refugees and being anti-eu , anti-nato , anti-usa , now he is at donetsk as a `` political refugee '' because here in fascist finland we were oppressing him and his right to free speech ) as an actual newspaper . 
  that ' so genuinely sad . 
   what ? 
  of course ~ ~ finish ~ ~ finnish newspapers are allowed to take political sides . 
  ** what do you think the `` comment '' section is for ? 
  ** ... are you serious right now ? 
  is this / s or not ? 
  just ... what ? 
   i do n't think you understand the role of newspapers . 
  their editorial stance is a way of distinguishing themselves from the competition . 
  no , i do n't think _ you _ understand the role of a newspaper . 
  also you do n't seem to grasp the idea that maybe in different countries journalism is different , like in finland we do n't newspapers who are openly politically biased . 
  nice flair , mr. trump supporter ( i got that right , right ? 
  your rhetoric is just too familiar . ), 
   and the bild zeitung is by far the most read newspaper in germany , and der spiegel the most read news magazine . 
  does that make germany gull of brain dead idiots ? 
  i do n't know , does it ? 
  i have n't read them . 
  of course it reflects you as a person what kind of media you consume and support . 
  could you please highlight the part where i said britain is `` full of brain dead idiots '' or is there are a reason you are suggesting something like that ? 
   or do you just go around calling anyone who disagrees with you racists , bigots , misogynistic , xenophobic , or any other buzzword you can come up with ? 
  lol , please , that victim complex tactic is getting a bit too old by now . 
  i have no problem saying that daily mail is everything listed above and the people who share its views and support it are the same too . 
  well , that 's it i guess . 
  the day is finally here . 
  i thought i was already over this and had a pretty positive outlook on the whole thing , especially since brexit has personally benefited me since it was the reason i got my loved-ones homes who i have missed terribly , but it does somehow sting a bit . 
  i admit i still ca n't understand the reasons for the referendum to begin with , somehow all this drama seems so unnecessary . 
  how terribly sad that we are drifting apart , that europe is in such a diplomatic chaos . 
  even though eu has brought wealth , security ( considering the history this is seriously a big thing ) and brought us closer , it was n't enough and something went terribly wrong . 
  i sincerely wish this will be a win-win-situation and we could all come out stronger and better than ever . 
  maybe this could be a start of a better functioning eu ( maybe with its own army ) and uk succeeding doing its own thing . 
  it would be so ideal if the negotiations were civil and respectful , i think everyone are already fed up with the propaganda and hate . 
  unfortunately that is not probably going to happen and these will be exhausting two years , which is a shame since it already has been so tiresome and confusing . 
  no one understands enough about the whole thing to begin with . 
  good luck uk , thanks for everything . 
  i wish after all this crap we could still stay friends and aim for unity and friendship , since after all those are the most important things for our continent to survive and stay successful . 
  the next years will surely be interesting ones to follow . 
   but i 'm excited to see what the next few years brings . 
  i think that no matter what your political views are , we can all agree that the coming years will be extremely interesting at least . 
  no one knows what will happen . 
  maybe this and what happens after brexit will be one of those things my kids will learn in school . 
  or then nothing too dramatic happens and things just continue as usual . 
  let 's wait and see . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what are the concrete things you will personally gain from this ? 
  since you seem to be extremely emotionally invested . 
  you must be looking forward to something ? 
  or what are you expecting will change ? 
  yup , tell me about it . 
  just looking at him made me feel uncomfortable . 
  but i do n't know , i kinda understand him . 
  or more like feel bad for him . 
  i mean , he must be miserable , going through whole his life looking like that .
