  hey great idea !, 
  dear k\u00f6ttbullar munching oppressors , i am open to receive cold hard cash , student loan payment and/or size 37 shoes . 
  many oppression , such horror , gon na need lot of stuff to feel better . 
  hey great idea !, 
  dear k\u00f6ttbullar munching oppressors , i am open to receive cold hard cash , student loan payment and/or size 37 shoes . 
  many oppression , such horror , gon na need lot of stuff to feel better . 
  aa i just want to hug them beautiful little babies . 
  damn how is that even possible :d well , it 's great that people have different taste , otherwise we would just fight for the same men . 
  really ? 
  you find him handsome ? 
  for some reason listening to dutch makes me happy . 
  thanks for the tip , i 'll watch it later . 
   what i love about the netherlands is how well you 've organized the cycling . 
  it 's safe , everyone has enough room and space to go on their own pace ( like the dude said ) , it just works . 
  unlike here we cyclist are among cars , no one wins at that situation . 
   safety : portugal has been , so far , mainly unnafected by terrorist attacks or anti-government protests / strikes ( this in the last 2 years mainly ) i think this plays a big role . 
  the tourists are withdrawing from north africa , turkey etc. 
  and choosing closer , safer destinations which still have everything you need . 
  i remember reading [ an article ] ( http://www.is.fi/matkat/art-2000005235817.html ) from a finnish chick about why you should choose portugal instead of spain for your vacation , and i was hyped up to book the flights after reading it , i am just planning a trip to go meet my friends over there :d it 's safe , reasonable prices , beautiful , warm , good food , not flooded with too much tourists , beautiful friendly people , what else you need ? 
  nah finnish guys in general tend to be not that good at dancing , it was n't the coffee 's fault . 
  damn right !, 
  we can teach you guys if you want , we 'll have to charge tho . 
  people really do drink milk like there is no tomorrow , and not just drink plainly with meal but cook with it etc. 
  i do n't know if they counted only milk but dairy products in general , and finns use _ huge _ amounts of dairy . 
  the milk propaganda starts at school and never really stops after that . 
  as someone who does n't drink cow 's milk it can be a bit frustrating sometimes . 
  or use it as a bait to bring all the boys to the yard . 
  whaat so you are claiming that smart care and compassion for those who are victims instead of punishing turned out to be a better , more humane and cheaper option , shocking . 
  who would have ever thought of that ? 
  i think it tells a lot of your country and your attitudes that you managed to pull this off . 
  wonderful job you guys . 
  thank you that was so interesting !, 
  we all could learn from you guys , i wish finland would adopt this too . 
  alright . 
  nevermind , i checked your profile and you are a typical r/suomi user . 
  uh ... you okay dude ? 
  this is your second super weird message to me . 
  what exactly triggered you this bad ? 
  both sides of my family have been in war , from my finnish side both grandfather and mother . 
  great job portugal !!, 
  i remember reading that they did some changes that turned out to be a great success , but honestly do n't remember what those were right now . 
  maybe some portuguese friend can give a short eli5 ? 
   no but seriously , the idea of thanking finnish army boys cracks me up . 
  i tried once explaining it on reddit and people did n't really get what would be so weird about it , but cultural differences are difficult to explain . 
  on the other hand even as someone who is anti-army , it is a nice gesture and i can see the idea behind that and do it , but woah would it be awkward . 
  on the other hand , when my ex did his time at the army i made sure to thank him very thoroughly so i guess i can say i did my part to serve our country . 
  let 's hope one day it will be more than just closely working together . 
  it is quite tragic that we missed that tiny window of opportunity we had at the 90s , but it is what it is . 
   it could have been racism but we have no proof here at all . 
   a few racist remarks absolutely no proof at all whatsoever , are you serious here dude ? 
  i have a very hard time believing that you 've experienced racism . 
  people who do while growing up are not the ones explaining how `` a few remarks '' do n't count as racism . 
  that is your point here . 
   no one thinks like this in britain ... are you serious ? 
  do you truly , genuinely , honestly believe that ? 
  dirty underpaid migrant hands are picking the tomatoes wrong !, 
  damn you healthy handsome bastards . 
   but seriously that is shockingly low , dear god . 
  i wonder how much this has to do with the finnish male obsession of refusing to go to the doctor unless you are pretty much en train de die . 
  that is of course a generalizing stereotype , but at least there def used to be an image that a `` real man '' does n't go to the doctor for `` small things '' . 
  it was quite eye opening when even my then 18-year-old , well educated , smart , very much modern-non-conservative ex-boyfriend refused to leave with me when his fever was almost over 40 degrees . 
  he even wanted to drive the fucking car , like dude you barely can walk . . 
  wtf ? 
  models are humans just like everyone else and deserve the same kind of respect and compassion like every other human does , and for your record most of them are definitely not well paid . 
  the fight for the top where you make good money is unbelievably bloody and the competition is fierce . 
  even if they would , money is n't enough to make someone happy . 
  i do n't even understand what you are trying to say here . 
  why are you bringing out models ? 
  haha i am sure you are !, 
  yeaah such random accusations . 
   misogynist wew dude . . yeah no [ proof whatsoever ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/politics/donald-trump-sexism-tracker-every-offensive-comment-in-one-place/ ) , you must be so confused . 
  i mean where do we begin ? 
   cheating sure , because two marriages ending because of that reason and him talking about e.g grabbing the pussy and going straight to kissing women while married to melanie are just not enough to suspect him of something so low . 
   narcissistic https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/332308211321425920 https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/813527932165558273 https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/703442830211964928 uh whatever i ca n't link them all , he is just the special genius savior of the world , an irresistible sex machine _ all _ women are flirting with ( consciously or unconsciously ofc ) , unable to take criticism to the point of going batshit insane and making his own reality when that happens , so maybe a tiny bit on the narcissistic side . 
   grandpa he was born in 1946 . 
   whose favorite hobby is tweeting embarrassing shit . 
  i do n't think we need clarification for this one . 
  i do n't know why i took time to write this . 
  leiden is gorgeous city , i loved the atmosphere . 
  well would n't you ( although i think her smile looks genuinely creepy since it so obviously fake ) ? 
  she is married to a misogynist , cheating , narcissistic grandpa whose favorite hobby is tweeting embarrassing shit . 
  imagine those tiny orange hands touching you , dear god . . 
  macron looks like he is having the worst time ever . ^ which ^ would n't ^ be ^ the ^ case ^ if ^ he ^ took ^ me ^ instead, 
  exactly , better to be safe than sorry so we are prepared for everything . 
   ooooh a post that could both be critical of trump and macron , it 'll be fun to see if the mods approve of this or not . 
  are we using the same sub ? 
  since i do n't really think making fun of macron 's wife 's age is something that revolutionary . 
  i know right , such a hilarious and fresh joke . 
  if only there were more usually very young accounts whose activity tends to be strangely concentrated on spamming that sub everywhere so more people had the opportunity to enjoy it . 
  yeah we just added them two days ago , it means [ unidentified green men ] ( https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/new_finnish_law_prohibiting_unidentified_militia_comes_into_force/9725169 ) coming for a totally non-suspicious holiday are n't welcome . 
  the law alone would have been ineffective , now they know to leave after seeing that . 
  i always appreciate a good banter , your wish is my command sir/lady . 
  oh really , thats interesting !, 
  i have never heard that , i always assumed it came from you guys haha :d i do n't think that is widespread , or at least i have never noticed it . 
  better ? 
  what can you do , you guys are just hot , both guys and girls . 
  ( :  where are you from and how are argentinians seen in your country ? 
  finland , i think in general finns think of mastering the art of grilled meat ( i am a vegetarian but still i know it ) , tango ( this is something that we have in common  ) , lots of european descent , you respect and honor family , football , lots of beautiful lively warm people and haha also those guys who have the most creative pickup lines in this world ( hey beautiful , you are more delicious than the sunday roast : , d ) . 
   what 's the best place to visit on holidays ? 
  on europe ?
