  just unbelievable . 
  it is like your worth as a human ( or more like a woman ) depends on how much clothing you have placed on your body . 
  showing your legs can make someone go completely apeshit with rage , but if you wrap a veil around your head you suddenly deserve your human rights . 
  it never stops to amaze me how ridiculously much power some cultures give to women \u00b4 s bodies . 
  like we weren \u00b4 t all naked under our clothes . 
  it is absurd . 
   the readership were happy to correct them . 
  ah yes , the comments . 
  something that should be trusted and that can \u00b4 t be for example manipulated by people paid to do so . 
  the only urge to top our dislike for the closeness of other humans is our reflex-like need to join a queue when we see one . 
  so does our national hobby seem a little funny considering our overall weirdness with social contact ? 
  maybe . 
  but funland is full of surprises . 
  edit : and what it comes to the video , it is hilarious . 
  i relate to this way too much . 
  and miss a perfectly good opportunity to play the victim ? 
  nope . 
  hmm , i think i can actually say the same . 
  everyone seemed easygoing and friendly . 
  what i can say without a single thought is that the most entertaining conversation i have ever experienced in my life was with a random drunk irish guy . 
  i have never met anyone like him . 
  he was just insanely funny without trying , and the way he talked was just ... 
  i can \u00b4 t even describe it . 
  for someone who is used to guys being the silent , strong type ( i am generalizing the fuck out of this subject so it \u00b4 s easier , pardon me ) it was mesmerizing . 
  overall it seems that irish people are just good with words . 
  like , they are verbally talented as a nation . 
  do you think it was a good deal for scotland ? 
  wait , are you joking or not ? 
  you know , one might argue that it has already , like , totally happened . 
  like alzheimers, 
  would you say it is almost as beatiful city as belgium ? 
  plot twist : i am a woman too . 
  it was a joke . 
   as a remain voter, 
   you seem very emotional about all this , more than any englishman or scotsman . 
  very strange . 
  uh , well that is a huge honour . 
  especially after writing how people got violent over this matter . 
  can you please highlight the part of the text that overwhelmed you with with my flooding emotions ? 
  strange indeed . 
   english is a greek dialect haha :d i have a hard time understanding the finnish one . 
  just wot . 
   thank you mongols fuck me , i read this and my first thought was `` what have we ever done to you '' . 
  this has gone too far , i am quitting reddit . 
  relative killed himself because he was diagnosed with cancer 2 . 
  our lovely lovely family friend killed himself . 
  nobody knows why.he was only 46 . 
  he was the sweetest , kindest man . 
  a girl in my school killed herself after her rape trial . 
  a friend . 
  still think about him weekly , if not daily . . 
  money does n't buy happiness , but it does buy a plainticket to spain . 
  actually let me correct that , money does buy happiness . 
  and 5 billion euros . 
  must be the fault of women , obviously . 
   but eurofederalism is a thing that many in the eu political sphere advocate . 
  yeah , let \u00b4 s get back to this when it actually starts happening . 
  i see you didn \u00b4 t answer to my last question , interesting . 
    you ca n't compare finland and sweden with scotland and britain or england . 
  why ? 
   i said somewhere else that it means they are approved by the russian government , but that does n't mean they are russian puppets . 
  ** if it happens to be that their entire funding is by the kremlin though , then things may are different . 
  ** really ? 
  can you highlight me the part where you talk about nigel farage being approved ? 
  with `` their funding '' you mean what , farage and johnson ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  ** you are saying you are okay with your politician taking money from kremlin ( or , ehm , being `` approved '' by them ) if it is not `` entirely funded by kremlin '' ? 
  ** do you even understand the consequences of that ?? 
   you are talking completely out your arse simply because you want to argue with me . 
  no , i am actually genuinely shocked how ignorant you are . 
  i really can \u00b4 t understand what i am reading . 
  i have one simple question for you : do you understand what is happening in ukraine ? 
  that would clear everything up . 
   it 's better for scotland , not better for britain as scotland is poorer . 
  just a fact , britain is more important for scotland than vice-versa . 
  okay , so you don \u00b4 t benefit from scotland . 
  can you bother now explaining the reasons you don \u00b4 t want them to go ? 
   however , i want to point that that the majority of people who voted leave actually identify primarily as english as opposed to british , and many of these could n't care less whether scotland left or not . 
  let me guess , you identify as english ? 
  so you are saying that the majority of leave-voters wouldn \u00b4 t care if scotland left ? 
  why do you feel like majority of leave-voters indentify as english ? 
   do i think it is wrong that they feel scottish ? 
  . . why would i feel it is wrong that people in scotland feel scottish ? 
   we have been united since 1707 when a scottish king inherited the english throne . 
  we have spoken the same language , had the same culture , and fought the same wars since then . 
  that doesn \u00b4 t make you feel scottish , does it ? 
  we were part of sweden for 600 years , we were forced to fight their wars and speak their language and basically had the same culture to some point , but people in finland were still finnish , not swedish . 
  i don \u00b4 t really understand your explanation because despite the history we share with russia and sweden ( or , maybe even because of it ) , i don \u00b4 t see any link why we should be returned to them today . 
  maybe this is just different and i as an outsider fail to understand your relationship . 
  so what you are saying is that it has been a partnerships , not oppression in any form and therefore forms a bond ? 
   it feels like the scottish do not value any of this whatsoever , and have been taught in schools like the english are the evil overlord and that scotland have always been united with england against their will . 
  i am somewhat confused . 
  so what you are saying is that the union treaty in 1707 was completely because they wanted to join , nothing else ? 
   i said somewhere else that it means they are approved by the russian government , but that does n't mean they are russian puppets . 
  seriously , can you explain to me how you ended up to this conclusion ? 
  rt is not `` approved '' by the russian government , it is owned and therefore naturally funded by it . 
  is this news to you ? 
   rt uk is very different to rt in russia . 
  it is ? 
  : , d how ?
