  i am sorry this is happening , i ca n't imagine what you are going through . 
  please come to europe ? 
  i came to ask the exact same thing ? 
  what is going on ? 
  how is this possible ? 
  hrrr stop it !!, 
  jesus just the mental image is so gross :d edit : aaand i accidentally deleted my comment . 
  sigh . 
  oh wow , well there we go . 
  i feel so bad for the sane people in turkey . 
   just announced that they will accept ballots without their seal and ballots that have been written stamped `` evet '' ( yes ) on them instead of the valid `` my choice '' stamp . 
  i am not the one to call rigged everytime akp wins an election but this is scandalous . 
  is this real life ? 
  it 's even worse i could ever imagine . 
  thank you i really enjoyed reading that !, 
  such a cute tradition . 
  hahah whaat ? 
  please tell us more !, 
  that would be actually really interesting , to have a thread where everyone would share their easter traditions . 
   the cream makes it delicious . 
  nothing in this world can make m\u00e4mmi delicious . 
  you could pour unicorn tears on it and it would still be horrible . 
  yup i was confused too . 
  the food was low quality , it was very poorly presented and even the hostess did n't even try to sell them :d what even was that box they offered leip\u00e4juusto from ? 
  gross . 
  hihi , well , our cuisine can be ... 
  interesting so i do n't blame him really . 
  personally i ca n't stand m\u00e4mmi , the last time i was forced to eat it out of politeness was when i was visiting my ex-boyfriends grandparents and i was honestly afraid of puking on the table . 
  it was horrible . 
  but what can you do , being dirt-poor and having a pretty infertile ground kinda produces lame food culture . 
  considering most of finnish history has been just struggling not to die from hunger it kinda did n't leave that much room to concentrate on the quality . 
  i 'm disappointed they did n't offer him salmiakki , the one true finnish delicacy i actually love . 
  foreigners tend to have very mixed reactions to it :d, 
   he 's funny even if he would n't have insulted our glorious national delicacies , i do n't find him funny at all . 
  if i ever saw him on tv i had to switch the channel because it is so stressful just to look at him . 
  but then again i do n't find people yelling , being rude and swearing funny , but i guess humour is subjective . 
   constantly travelling between the uk and us . 
  haha i love the bromance between two european powerhouses . 
  why are you so obsessed about wanting to slap children 's asses ? 
  why all these messages justifying it and making up absurd bs scenarios trying to argue against the law ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  people react very strongly because they probably have been smacked themselves ( and therefore ca n't handle someone criticizing their parents ) , and because it is so deeply rooted in so many cultures . 
  however , i think we should be optimistic . 
  there are so many studies clearly proving physical punishing harms children , countries are changing their legislation , it is going forward all the time . 
  for example , my mother ( who grew up outside europe with a very poor and rough childhood ) still used some methods to us and i was spanked , hit with a shoe , pulled from hair and so on . 
  i know i am not traumatized and have absolutely nothing but love to my mum , but at the same time i know i will not be doing the same to my kids . 
  every generation it gets better . 
  just think about how we have progressed in domestic violence . 
  it 's not long that we considered it perfectly reasonable for a man to punish and teach their `` difficult '' wives physically , nowadays it is perfectly obvious at least the majority of people defending the beating of kids in this comment section would absolutely never do the same when talking about domestic violence . 
  we consider that medieval and condemn those cultures that allow it , and it will be the same with children . 
  when we are capable of taking the part of a child we will accomplish never hitting kids again . 
  i am a tiny girl and men just yelling at me scare the shit out me , not to mention having to fear them putting their hands on me . 
  at the same time i am a grown adult who should have the capacity to handle those situations . 
  for me just 20-30 heavier and taller men are really intimidating , but with kids we are giants compared to them ( sorry for the shitty example , but i could n't come up with a better one right now . 
  but bottom line is , if size difference is scary to grown adults , how about little kids ? ) . 
  and they have so fragile and gentle developping minds that ca n't process things the way we do . 
  they should be loved an protected , not assaulted . 
  it 's sad we have to even talk about this . 
  hitting kids is madness and should be unacceptable . 
  it gets me so mad . 
  because it just must be a complete apocalyptic meltdown with destroyed families , hysterically crying children and proper , god-fearing people locked away for the rest of their lives in cold cellars living on nothing but bread and water , all because they made that one fatal mistake and gave a light smack on the child 's butt . 
  otherwise it just is n't a good law that is properly enforced . 
  or then there just _ must _ be a way to reason why the country allowing to beat kids is the right way , so obviously having that law is going to automatically mean vicious fascist-states that are there just to control and torture your family , eagerly waiting good , loving parents to make that one mistake so they can take your kids away for good . 
  because why would n't they . 
   parents only ever smacked me on the ass once or twice in 18 years , and if you want to label them as horrible parents people because of that & accuse me of having stolkholm syndrome , than so be it . 
  i did n't mention your parents anywhere ? 
   if these laws are properly enforced , than yes , parents will be arrested , their careers will be ruined & their kids will be shipped off somewhere because of a smack on the ass . 
  dear sir , you are clearly confused about the fact that your country 's practices does n't apply to the whole world . 
  i think it should be perfectly clear your way of ** properly enforcing ** laws is not the only one existing , since the laws are different everywhere . 
   and yes , you can point out that does n't really happen as of now , but does lack of enforcement justify a bad law ? 
  not at all . 
  a law that states that beating children is wrong but at the same time does n't completely destroy the life and family of the parent is n't a `` bad law '' , it is a reasonable law in a reasonable society . 
  of course we have social services here in finland and they intervene when there is actual abuse that the child should be protected from and when it is obvious the parent 's are n't capable of taking care of the kids , but the point of our social services is not to destroy families and lives . 
  their job , and also the job of our maternity clinics , is to ensure the well being of the child . 
  that happens by supporting , counseling and helping those parents who might have trouble parenting their kids without using force . 
  even if you were sentenced by lightly giving a spanking to your child ( an [ example ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2015042919594424_uu.shtml ) , in finnish though ) , you will have a fine . 
  most importantly , it is perfectly obvious the child protect services will intervene in this family in some way to ensure the mom never flicks her kids again , but taking the kid away ? 
  of course not . 
  it is very expensive , very painful and very traumatizing . 
  it is the absolute last option possible . 
  i understand it can be confusing from someone that comes from a country that locks up people for 50 years for robbery , but actual jail time is pretty hard to get in finland . 
  not to mention long sentences , you have to do _ really _ bad stuff to get those . 
   so i mean , if you disagree with the above scenario happening over a slap on the ass , why do you disagree with changing the law to prevent it ? 
  i seriously ca n't tell if you are trolling or not . 
  because we are actually capable of making a legislation that is meant to protect and rehabilitate people , not punish and burn their whole life down if they make one mistake ? 
  i know for a fact the absurd scenario you painted is n't what 's happening in finland , so obviously i do n't have to disagree about the law because i know it wont lead to anything like that , since there is n't anything to prevent ? 
  there can be both you know . 
  protecting the families and having law against beating kids . 
  it does n't have to be completely black and white with apocalyptic scenarios . 
  i believe he meant this map and therefore svalbard , that is the most northernmost settlement in the world . 
  that belongs to norway . 
  because for some reason people ( especially women ) are _ much _ more willing to put their hands on ( their ) children than other adults . 
  it is considered as a reasonable way to teach kids in many cultures and countries and therefore it is reasonable to singularly point it out to highlight that it is wrong . 
  oh please . 
  if you want to defend your country 's ( or your own ) practices to ensure parents can punish their children physically , at least try to stick to the remote facts instead of painting ridiculous absurd scenarios like that . 
  you know perfectly well people do n't lose their children and have their careers ruined because they smacked their kids on the butt . 
  stop playing stupid . 
  that does n't take away the fact you should n't spank your kids . 
  because punishing children physically is wrong and abuse .
