  everyone are posting different results , it is messy and uncoordinated . 
  i 've personally used only direct tv and newspapers , usually i use reddit a lot . 
  he is hot as hell and the thing that attracts you is his calm masculinity . 
  i think we should be best friends . 
   i 'm not being offensive or swearing , am i only allowed to agree or something ? 
  you know , i would like to think you are trolling and wasting our time just for shit and giggles . 
  but then again , i think there is a great chance you are dead serious right now . 
  meaning as an adult you genuinely ca n't tell the difference of not being allowed to do anything else than agree and `` germ hating '' . 
  after all , you chose to vote for a man who thinks climate change is a chinese hoax . 
   jesus christ , the tone policing here is insane . 
  again , trolling or just genuinely being completely blind to how incredibly ironic that is . 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  look at his post history . 
  the problem is n't them posting in the_d , the problem is that every single the_d poster is unable to participate with comments that were n't racist , offensive or stupid . 
  the problem with your comments is the fact that you are unable to stay civil and respectful . 
  i am sure you feel greatly oppressed if you were n't allowed to post your `` germ hating '' - brainfarts here , but the fact just is that the whole reddit does ' t have the same rules as you guys in the_d . 
  i do n't know who he married , but finns were n't considered as good as pure swedes and other scandinavians . 
   and is there even any ethnical difference ? 
  have n't we 've been intermixed so much there 's no real difference ? 
  no matter what , that 's not the case now anyways . 
  finns are n't looked down upon at all to my knowledge . 
  for the first two ones i ca n't answer since it is definitely not me arguing those things , but yes , i would actually argue finns really are looked down on . 
  we still very much have a reputation of crazy violent alcoholics . 
  i honestly did n't know this either before i actually started meeting swedish people of my age , but in general swedes do n't know that much about finland and it is n't considered as close as for example norway or sweden . 
  the thing that has shocked me was probably the comments on my looks . 
  i 've have had way too many completely normal , well-educated women/girls/men saying `` oh you are way too beautiful to be half-finnish / you ca n't be finnish with a body/face like that / the reason you are that pretty must be ( mom 's ethnicity here ) '' for it to be just one person and not an apparently widely embraced view . 
  seriously , on a straight face . 
  and those have all been people who are hypersensitive to racism and would absolutely _ never _ dream on saying something like that from any other nationality or race . 
   and if you consider those we 're pretty much up to nordic , so what 's the point ? 
  i am not sure what you mean with this question , because it is n't really about how i feel about the thing , more like that i do n't understand the thing in general and want to discuss it . 
  since it was you who made an account for this ( meaning you must feel that this is at least a bit important to you ) , i was asking you how you feel . 
  this is the reason why i think it is too early to celebrate macron 's victory , no matter what the polls say . 
  le pen has a loyal and stable group of supporters . 
  who is marion ? 
   le-pen . 
  it 's good that they do n't then :d, 
   did they think le pen was going to get over 50 % ? 
  ... are you serious ?? 
  wtf is wrong with these people ? 
  i am sorry , i just found it funny for once it was n't m\u00e9lenchon . 
  pro tip to helping head ache without painkillers ( although sometimes they are the only thing that helps ) : soak a little towel in ice cold water . 
  make sure your room is pitch dark and pretty cold before going to bed , get naked , place the towel on your eyes and forehead . 
  before going to bed , if you can , snack on a few almonds and watermelon . 
  make sure you are hydrated , drink a lot of water . 
  what works for me is a drink made of watermelon , ginger root and cayenne pepper . 
  i hope you get better soon . 
  i know right . 
  2016 changed everything , i could have never in my life thought i would be terrified of elections . 
   machron, 
   i do n't know many here , or anywhere in the nordic for that matter , who would say it does . 
  do you ? 
  no , the official definition is the three countries , but yes finland is sometimes considered in them . 
   i 'm not saying it 's better to be scandinavian or better to not be , i 'm just saying finland is n't . 
  i am not saying scandinavian is better , that 's not about it . 
  the only problem i have is the definition of that word , since i do n't completely understand it what are the reasons that separate us . 
  just like any ideological term it is n't exactly hard facts , so it baffles me why people are so triggered and serious about it . 
  i am guessing what it really is about is ethnicity . 
  of course people do n't bring that up because it is n't really allowed to anymore , but i think that is it . 
  because what comes to historical and cultural ties , they are pretty much there . 
  i mean , when sweden was tripping with the eugenics thing finns were clearly considered an inferior species that you should n't marry ( meaning have kids ) with , unlike scandinavian countries . 
  haha flair checks out :d, 
   night with ( mostly ) fanatic m\u00e9lenchon supporting friends i see someone is a student in his/her early twenties too . 
  i approve this . 
  or like the map prior losing the wars . 
  do n't know what is going on up north though , with that huge tumour and ocean between us and russia :d, 
  did you seriously make an account just for this post ? 
  :d why ? 
   scandinavia is a historical and cultural region encompassing sweden , norway and denmark . 
  not finland . 
  apparently the 600 years are not good enough for you , as seen above , so i guess that doens ' t count for historical ties . 
  and what comes to cultural thing , i do n't know what the massive cultural differences are tbh . 
  we all share the same kind of politics , religion , holidays , values , and even though people like to meme about it , the behavioral codes are very similar . 
  i have wondered about what those cultural differences are , maybe you can tell me more about them ? 
  we have two main languages , one being swedish ( that is mandatory ) . 
  every time . 
  ahahahah the uk slamming the door is spot on :d, 
  of course he does , he is sexy as hell . 
  i do n't know about clubs , it is n't a thing i guess , i just personally know i should be having 20 kids with him . 
  the thing with trudeau is so basic ( and i guess it is understandable , i mean hello ) , basically everyone i know worships him . 
  macron is hot in a more subtle way that takes a bit time to discover , or at least it was for me :d but after that one moment i had while watching one of his speeches there was no turning back . 
  edit : but i have to add , if you want to form one i will join for sure !, 
  ahaha you have ? 
  :d i must have missed that . 
  but hey i am down , fight me to death irl . 
  that way we ensure only the strongest genes will be have the honour to bear him healthy kids so win-win i guess !, 
  france has won the more wars than any other country in history . 
  that 's one of the reason the `` white flag honhon '' bs tires me . 
  not saying that is a definition of greatness though . 
  it was an accident , using reddit on phone is a bit challenging sometimes . 
  especially if you do it while walking ^ and drunk . 
  but yeah i can imagine a lot of ladies feel like we do so ( i have a few friends at least agreeing with me ) so i am not suprised haha :d, 
  :( i want him to win so bad . 
  and to have his babies . 
  that too . 
  i am scared that there will be a a wave of silent le pen voters who are too embarrassed to admit they voted for her . 
  like sure she has managed to change the image and definitely it is n't the same anymore to admit you voted for fn but still . 
  haha that 's just too real . 
  every old person voting ever , no matter what country . 
   ue breakings polan is will be of bullied by the evil rosja-clay again ; - ; i wish this was n't so true . 
  :( if eu breaks up , it will be fun times for us finns too .
