  yes , what a horrible mistake that a family is getting help after losing a father and a husband ( that was possibly the sole breadwinner ? ) . 
  absolutely people should demand their money back if it turns out `` he did n't deserve it '' because he was murdered too early . 
  absolutely love these ( this and the one about rome ) . 
  do you have any interesting facts about marriage traditions/the life of women in ancient \u00c9ire ? 
  she is also well educated with a master 's degree , writes poems and on top of everything she is a super nice person . 
  no paternity test needed , he is the daddy . 
  i liked this joke . 
  * stare emotionless at the screen for a second to appreciate the joke , then continue rolling down . 
   i did n't really have the time to alter the map fully & probably would n't want to . 
  lots of looking up , edgecases & different colours for occupied countries , allies , occupied but technically selfgoverning puppetstates/regions , independant countries , etc & the map would quickly become a mess . 
  oh yeah , i totally understand , it would have taken _ forever _ and would be pretty much impossible . 
  no big deal , i regret even mentioning it . 
  originally i was just wondering if it was based on this thread . 
  oh okay i see , thank you . 
  altough it is worth noting those were axis controlled areas which finland tried to fight back , so reducing ww2 to just finland being the attacker is quite interesting . 
  however this is only for one map for fun so who cares . 
   nicola sturgeon , alex salmond why those two ? 
  ( this is not a loaded question , genuinely just curious ), 
   lol why the hell does finland keep one-upping us ??? 
  i have no idea , i am starting to believe in some kind of conspiracy by now :d i have a hard time believing this with my low finnish self-esteem . 
   it 's not even like the countries are that similar , i 'd expect it from belgium or germany , not from finland . 
  actually , the netherlands and finland are very similar in many ways . 
  both countries value free speech and press freedom , low income differences , are welfare states etc. 
  i have tons of friends studying in there , and there is much more similarities than differences . 
  in a nutshell , you guys are polite , always on time , hardworking and honest , and so are we . 
  and btw , as a funny side note , for some weird reason there has been abnormally many finnish-dutch couples forming around me . 
  if this turns out to be true , this is yuge news . 
  what ? 
  also , guess who beat you by 1 % , again . 
  i am starting to think the people doing these research are doing this on purpose , i mean the difference is just too small but it is always there . 
  i do n't get what 's going on in the interactive map , can someone explain ? 
  or most importantly what 's happening between finland and russia ? 
  what ? 
  great news !, 
  if you can count on one thing in the world it is that the irish will bounce back , you guys are some tough mofos . 
  let the celtic tiger roar again ( minus the housing bubble this time , of course ) !, 
   the southern irish state ... the fuck am i reading . 
  * tries to come up with something witty , but feels too hurt to defend * jesus i was just kidding , love you guys , but you hit straight to the spot , you monster . 
  why would you even be this mean ? 
  shh , just let it happen so this all can be over quicker . 
  you are cute , but just put your cursor on the flag and it will tell you the country 's name . 
  altough i am not saying learning the flags would be a stupid thing to do , so maybe forget this advice . 
  no fuck that , we are sitting this one out thank you very much . 
  they will be skipping us and moving directly to r/sweden this time . 
   lowkey declares independence in all this chaos  - we highly recommend this tactic . 
  source : done it , will be celebrating 100 years of independence next year . 
  loving this , it 's like watching midgets fight . 
  read the comment of u/nyctas . 
  before scrolling , was expecting to see a comment about surrendering , made by a brit . 
  was not disappointed . 
  it 's like reddit is getting almost too easy . 
  my my , all this southern testosterone talk is sure interesting to read . 
  ( pssst , any chance you guapos could consider invading finland and then , you know , forcefully move/fly all , just on the top of my head let 's say , broke female students to your country ? 
  also it would be great if the stay would be mandatory only during winters . 
  okay thanks love bye , well be waiting churri ), 
   the russians got the yanks too !, 
  dear god , that 's it ... all hope is lost . 
   r/portugal hereby declares it 's neutrality r/suomi is going to do the same , for the love of god let us be for once . 
  will be passing this one directly to r/sweden , i am sure they will gladly accept the challenge after resting on their asses since forever , they must be bursting with energy by now . 
  also since we have no doubt their viking warrior spirit will conquer whomever has enough insanity to try match their mighty memeing this is not a hard choice to make . 
  lycka till pojkar etc , let us know if you need supplies . 
  edit : um , can someone explain me the map ? 
  why there is a red arrow pointing from finland to russia ? 
  on what those arrows are based on ? 
  mods , anyone ? 
  haha brilliant !, 
  love it, 
  hey so are we !, 
  potato countries unite !, 
  goddamn norway , those handsome rich bastards ... 
  they 're all like `` oh hi i 'm norway , look at me i 'm perfect , did i mention we bleed money and shit oil '' * grumbling * . 
  but in all seriousness , can someone explain what 's happening in scotland ? 
  a bit of a surprise !, 
   is bs well , technically it is not . 
  as much is it makes you mad , women _ should _ be ( and are ) more afraid of men than vice versa . 
  that does n't mean every man is a killer ( is n't that obvious ?? ), 
  but is very much more likely for a man to kill a woman . 
  especially in relationship ( btw , since you brought up the declining of homicides , even tough homicides in general have been declining , the number of women dying in the hands of their partner has n't . 
  in finland that is . 
  men killing their partners in western europe , for example in germany , is much more unlikely than in here . ), 
  if you somehow take this personally , _ you _ need a shrink . 
  yes it was stupid to bring that quote to this thread , but it is not untrue . 
  i think the reason i grabbed this was because i have seen million comments on reddit downplaying this subject and dictating and shaming how women should feel . 
  when the other person is 20-40 kgs heavier than you and significantly stronger , it is completely normal to be acknowledge the risk with someone you know can snap you like toothpick , than to pretend they do n't exist . 
  however yes it was irrelevant to the discussion , especially in this particular case since the risk for a man to be killed by strange man is much higher than for women . 
   is that number actually going up , or just the proportion of women killed ? 
  i did n't find data quickly enough ( and do n't really have time right now ) , but at least the proportion of women being killed has been steadily rising . 
   its not the question if these facts are true or not yes it is , or at least it _ should _ be about that . 
  there is nothing more important than sticking to the truth while having a discussion , without them the foundation for the discussion is fruitless . 
  if you can put your emotions aside for a moment , you can see i was correcting u/jeanralph who was pulling statistics out of his ass . 
  if there is a discussion about my country , you can be damn sure i will correct the person who makes up stuff to make his point look better . 
  no matter how much it offends or comes out as `` unneutral '' to some people . 
  what a strange comment . 
  of course every person is an individual , but there is clear evidence that the two genders are completely different what comes to killing . 
  that 's not true . 
  where did you get that ? 
  edit : i copied this from my other comment since people are downvoting ( lol ) : men made up 68,2 % of the homicides victims in 2010-2013 , 70 % in 2000-2009 . 
  the closest static to u/jeanralph 75 % was 74,4 % of all victims in 1970-1979 . 
  from 1980-2014 women made up 29,7-32 ,3 % of all homicide victims . 
  men are far more likely to kill women than the other way around .
