   as of `` grexit '' , it 's a dangerous fantasy too . 
  there is no way a greek government will ever really leave the eu or the euro because the benefits to being in are substantial to say the least this . 
  this is the thing that blows my mind . 
  eu is the devil and the spacegoat but nope , you wont leave either . 
  right on . 
   and since you really ca n't force us out , if you do n't like financing the greek program may i suggest leaving yourself ? 
  let \u00b4 s see again , will i leave an union we as a nation actually support and believe in because we have on infected limb ? 
  especially since i never expressed in any way i would be opposing paying the bailouts ? 
  since here it is you guys expressing you deep displease to eu and not us , which one would me logical to leave . . hmm . .  many greeks see the russian leadership , not as something to be appreciated or emulated , but as something to be friendly towards and gain from . 
  well jump on that friendly train . 
  they will save you guys . 
  also , how about having an actual spine and * gasp * deciding instead of bending over to every direction and stop trying to benefit from every source possible ? 
  but thank you for your lesson about russia , mister greek dude . 
  til we are in nato and nato saved us in ww2 . 
  quite much , i have to digest this completely new information for a while . 
  i could even use your words  wow , what a load of unsubstantiated crap , honestly . 
  for this . 
  edit : just checked and russia and greece match quite well in pisa-scores too . 
  what the education of children has to do with this ? 
  nothing , obviously , 
  just ... what . 
   you do n't send people to jail without proof . 
  oh that 's right i forgot , sexual abusers have never been sent to jail after the victim has grown up . 
  btw , can you give me the source for you weird claims of 30 years and such ( french ones are okay too btw ) or was it just an extremely weird joke ? 
   i do n't want to talk to you anymore . 
  i just do n't feel like talking about this anymore , so please end it here . 
  think whatever you will , your words are useless to me . 
  okay , i can respect that . 
   i honestly wish you a good future despite the economic problems you face because of decision others made no we made them ourselves . 
  nobody forced russian sanctions on us , we were a part of making those . 
  and we have many problems that have not one other country than us to blame . 
   but helena smith is atrocious . 
  like with that one article she wrote about the `` former king of greece '' . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  so much sympathy for an atrocious persona that helped ruin greece like all the foreign kings before him . 
  so yeah fuck whatever she writes , citation and all . 
  it 's the tone i hate . 
  alright , good to know . 
   maybe it 's time for you to take your friends and family and come here in greece for relaxing vocations ? 
  i do , pretty often actually . 
  for example greece was the only country where my grandma traveled during her lifetime ( as an very old woman , since my grandpa refused to travel ) and she loved it , she had one hotel that she trusted , and they loved her too in there . 
  i am planning a holiday there before the end of this year and hope everyone else would travel to greece even more nowadays . 
  especially to the places where refugees are flowing because they already suffer from this too much . 
   listen , i understand that your people share some anti-russian sentiment for historical or geopolitical reasons but that does n't mean that everyone in the globe have to hate russians no one has to `` hate '' anyone ( and no , i don \u00b4 t hate russian , especially the average normal russian person , in fact many of them have been the warmest people i have ever met ) , but definitely choose your side . 
  if you are backing up the invasion in ukraine and demonizing west ( in other words , having a very russian mentality ) you simply are not a good fit to eu since you can \u00b4 t play for two teams . 
  if you feel like russia would be the best answer , why don \u00b4 t just join them and ditch us ? 
  before answering anything else ,  edit2 : hahahahaha helena smith article . 
  fucking please . 
  what do you mean with this ? 
   every time a troika + greek government bailout is implemented things get more expensive , salaries are lowered , pensions are cut , job security gets weaker , the job market gets thinner , healthcare and education go to shit . 
  people 's live are worsened constantly , yet eu officials state `` the program is successful , the greek government shows progress '' . 
  yes , that is unfortunate , it is called `` living on a budget '' . 
  we did that in 1990 \u00b4 s in finland too . 
  it was tough . 
  we are probably going to face it again in the future . 
   meanwhile , in real life , regular people struggle , ** the public sector bubble is still the same ( i 'm talking about the privileged public workers like the ones in parliament ) , white collar crimes are going unpunished , the tax laws make it undesirable for businesses to open let alone thrive . 
  ** yeah , none of this is the fault of eu . 
   sure , that gyro store dodged a few euros in tax , now let 's close him so we can show him !, 
  this will fix things . 
  this is exactly the root of your problem . 
  that mentality . 
  yes , it should be punished . 
  it is `` not one gyro store '' , it is million of them . 
  and it is not `` a few euros '' , it is like , what , 250 million a year you guys are avoiding taxes annually ? 
  i should check that fact , so sorry if that is wrong . 
  people thinking `` oh one little me isn \u00b4 t the problem '' is exactly the problem . 
   meanwhile , that politician who illegaly hoarded millions of euros through the corrupt state into europeans banks is going unpunished . 
  the other politician who was bribed by siemens and nobody knew about it ? 
  now , everyone knows about it , does n't matter though . 
  he 's the leader of new democracy , pro-eu , pro- `` reform '' , thus he 's protected by the eu . 
  ah , of course the one corruption scandal worth mentioning is tied to eu . 
  and of course it is the big fishes that are solely to blame . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/03/greece-corruption-alive-and-well  neither has happened . 
  instead , with rising poverty and runaway unemployment , malfeasance and mistrust remain widespread . 
  anti-corruption officials continue to be on the take while the self-employed , not least shopkeepers on popular tourist isles , fail to declare their true income . 
   transparency international said on wednesday that greece 's ranking on perceived ** levels of public corruption was still the worst in the eu ** -- albeit on a par with italy -- even if it had improved from 94th place at the height of the debt crisis in 2012 to 69th this year . 
   five years on , greeks are still cheating , bribing and evading their taxes -- spurred on by the lack of punishment meted out to offenders . 
  this is exactly what i am talking about in terms of fixing you attitude towards your economy . 
  as a _ nation _ . 
  you are straight up defending and belittling tax evasion when it is `` just a small shop '' . 
  you would never people defending that in finland . 
  your corruption levels are not something that are happening just in with the elite , it is a national hobby . 
  seriously , you ranked _ 58 _ on according transparency international in 2015 . 
  countries are not formed by only their government , but their people . 
  yes , of course fix the upper levels , but look in the mirror yourselves . 
   or in the end we should vote for noone and let the eu just do what it wants . 
  or then , just take the matters in your own hands , and leave . 
   huge rant , no point in arguing , you 're a lost cause . 
  but let me make this clearer for you , since you struggle so much : you made your mess yourself and instead of thanking blame the people helping you . 
  how is that for an attitude ? 
  mindset for success , amiright ? 
  i guess you are simply never going to answer how we refuse to help you instead of `` punishing '' ? 
  also , you personally , would you like greece to exit eu ? 
  edit : removed one thing since i felt bad . 
  alright then . 
  your joke kind of sucks considering i was referring to the time he was alive . 
  but yeah , raping your daughters ( you do know her daughter tried reporting him ? 
  the police called her dad ) and beating your wife is not enough reason to go to jail . 
  is it ? 
  do you find it funny too that for example one of the daughters tried to report her father for raping her called mr.marrot instead of taking her case ?
