  are you saying the crucial thing changing those red countries lighter is feminism ? 
  can we blame the feminists on those countries for the current state ? 
  should we talk about the role of what feminists are doing or not doing in those countries while discussing why circumcision is extremely popular in some parts of the world ? 
  feminism is an ideology . 
  just like secularism or `` humanism '' or whatever . 
   but seems like no one can critique feminism these days . 
  ... dude . 
   i think you might have had a terrible nights sleep , you seem a bit grumpy lovely . 
   what people are saying is that when feminists are constantly focusing on female trafficking , female circumcision , etc. 
  they are abandoning men . 
  i give up . 
   feminists here in denmark never take up topics where men are discriminated against . 
  feminists here in denmark never take up topics where men are discriminated against . 
  therefore it 's quite natural to call them out on it or wanting a group that only focuses on male discrimination . 
  denmark , just like finland , is a lutheran/atheist country with nordic culture , so in other words the only people slicing the penises of infants are those few ( ? ), 
  percentages of other religions . 
  i think even without googling it is fair to assume the number of danish men circumcised is clearly under 5 % percent ( something like 2-3 % ? ) . 
  the people mutilating their children are not the feminists . 
  so go on then , call them out and see what happens . 
  since what internet makes me believe is that feminists are some kind of organized , super powerful group that are somehow the reason to everything wrong in this word , either by doing too much or then by not doing enough ( i just find it strange that the people hating them are the first one to cry them to help and point fingers to them when feminists are not involved somewhere . . the obsession is just so intense ) . 
  so yeah , according to that logic , call the feminists out on mgm and watch the numbers of circumcisions plummet , right ? 
  or not . 
  i do agree that organizing and starting groups to be vocal and tackle the issue is great and i encourage everyone to do it . 
  but i think this is something that goes beyond supporting any kind of gendered ideology since it is common fucking sense . 
  cutting children goes against human rights , it really is simple as that . 
  we do n't accept `` tradition '' as a reason to justify cruelty in nordic countries , so this should be the same . 
  we already believe that , it is time to put in practice . 
  i do n't think any kind of activist group is going to be the group is going to be the most significant stopping this . 
  it is doctors voicing their concerns ( i think this is going to be the most important group , since surprisingly the educated , well argumented opinion tends to change things the quickest ) , your politicians no matter if they see themselves as feminists or men 's rights activists taking clear side and making a difference in your legislation , it is every single normal human being who thinks we should n't mutilate babies being vocal about it . 
  so yes i do think that crying about what feminists are doing in this particular case , especially in finland or denmark , is more pushing an agenda than genuine concern or want to change things . 
  it just drives me crazy that every single time this issue is discussed , fgm , women 's right and women somehow hijacks the conversation . 
  _ every _ time . 
  i do n't think i 've ever read even here in reddit a discussion about this without it centering around it , i dare you to find one . 
  it is nothing but insulting and demeaning to the victims of mgm . 
  really it is nothing but debating over and over again whether or not _ cutting the ( extra sensitive ) skin of infants _ is grave enough to be considered an issue . 
  there is nothing to compare or debate about . 
  mgm , on it 's own , as a separate issue , no matter what kind of batshit insane practices there exists in the world , should be stopped and it should be stopped immediately . 
  sexual and reproductive rights are the most basic human rights there are , having the right to keep your body you were born with is the most simple , obvious of them all . 
  end of story . 
   also imagine the mother 's horror to open the child 's nappy and find it all bloody . . the shock of a mother to see that . . yeah it continues like this  `` i opened the nappy and i ended up having to leave the room because i felt hysterical , '' said the mother , who did not want to be identified . 
  i ca n't imagine how she must have felt , my heart goes out to her too . 
  i take quite often care of my friend 's son who is 1 year and 3 months , i worship that little man and just the idea of opening his nappy to find something like this makes me weak at my knees . 
  what it must feel like when you are the _ mother _ ... oh god . 
   i 'm not circumsized and it 's working perfectly fine . 
  of course it is , since it is perfect and exactly what it should be . 
  i know what you mean ( i hope this does n't sound somehow like i am twisting your words since it 's not ) but can you imagine how strange it would be for people ie say `` i still have all my ten fingers instead of only nine like this super old book tells me i should have , and i am doing perfectly fine ! '', 
  of course your penis is doing fine with the thousands of nerve cells designed to protect it and enhance your sexual pleasure being still there , it is a beautiful masterpiece just like it should be . 
   if you 're an adult male do whatever the hell you want with your genitalia but forced mutilation of babies in the name of religion and superstitions is just barbaric . 
  i do agree what you say , but still somehow the idea of even adult males doing it for no ( medical ) reason whatsoever irks me , because there must be some kind of cultural pressure to even suggest that . 
  people are n't mutilating their ears or nipples whatever away even though we have the freedom to do it , because just the idea of it is plain crazy . 
  we should get to that point where the idea of cutting your foreskin is the same . 
  sigh . 
  why it always has to come to this ? 
  is it truly impossible to talk about mgm without the endless `` which one is worse '' and `` but hey women/feminists/vaginas this and that '' . 
  why it ca n't be considered as a valuable subject just independently , as it 's own ? 
  boys and men suffer , do we really have to have the victim olympics to decide whether it is important enough ? 
  seriously , stop it . 
  it is not feminists who promote this . 
  i do n't think it is feminists fighting to keep this `` tradition '' alive and you know that well . 
  the feminists alone ca n't fix this problem ( just like fgm is far from being fixed even kn the western world , even though legally it is treated differently ) and demanding something like that is just plain stupid . 
  it 's not up to them , it 's the job of all of us . 
  i know that bringing feminism ( or muslims ) to every . 
  conversation . 
  possible is super popular in reddit , but jesus christ people . 
  this is n't about feminism , it 's about people slicing little boys perfectly healthy genitals in the name of sky fairies . 
   the woman , from nottingham , said she opened her son 's nappy to find him covered in blood - and was so distraught she had to leave the room oh my god , the mental image makes me sick . 
  that poor sweet little child , breaks my heart . 
  it is just so sad . 
  perfectly healthy , perfectly working , beautiful penis ( okay that sounds weird talking about babies but what i mean is that it is perfect the way it is ) , mutilated for nothing . 
  no reason whatsoever . 
  it 's just frustrating beyond words . 
  not really . 
  i have to finish university first . 
  and get married . 
  then we can think about it . 
   no offense but this is pretty stupid ... nobody produces babies because they are `` cute '' . 
  i do n't know which one of us is stupid if you truly have that much faith with human intelligence and rationality , especially considering how much people produce babies without any kind of reason or plan at all , they just happen to be the product of sex . 
  and i am sorry if that my choice of words offended or irritated you , but `` craving '' babies is n't really something that is easy to explain . 
  of course their cuteness ( for me ) is n't the only factor , but it would be a ridiculous lie to claim that the cuteness would n't be intoxicating . 
  kids pretty much rely on cuteness to survive , if they would be just extremely needy clinging completely dependent horrible creatures that suck time , money and sleep out of your life we would just kill them . 
   and stop saying this planet is overpopulated , when it 's not true at all . 
  we are still far from being . 
  to my knowledge we are grossly overusing our resources and there is way too much of us than we have the capacity to host . 
  if you can explain to me how overpopulation is a myth , then yes i will believe you , but you just stating something surprisingly does n't change my views . 
  so i am not planning to `` stop saying that '' . 
   in fact it 's completely the opposite , you should be having at least 2 kids . 
  look at the fertility rates in europe . 
  i know about the european fertility rates , that does n't change the fact that the ecological footprint of my kid will be much bigger than the one of a poor country . 
  so we may have less people , but we definitely our doing our part on fucking this planet up . 
   in fact it 's completely the opposite , you should be having at least 2 kids . 
  look at the fertility rates in europe . 
  so you better start working on it now !, 
  mom , stop pretending to be a catalan in reddit and leave me alone already . 
  we have discussed this two times this week and no i am not getting married at 21 so therefore no grandkids for you , yet . 
  not a man and only half white , still want me to breed ? 
  this is the bighest thing that makes me doubt having kids . 
  i 'm pretty babycrazy but producing new humans to already overpopulated planet because i think they are irresisteble cute is nothing but selfish . 
  or then you could just , you know , stop being a psycho and break up with that unreliable partner . 
   finlan numba 2  netherlands 7, 
  brave men , nice to see they got some well earned rest .
