  when was the last time you watched rt ? 
  can you please explain me the difference between countries , for example how rt finland is different between rt uk ? 
   was the coverage of ukraine for example in 2014 different in these two countries ? 
  hey , what do you think about the fact that marine le pen ( you know , that marine le pen who has received millions of euros from russia ) and boris johnson have given same kind of statements about what is happening in ukraine ? 
  you truly feel it is impossible that farage and johnson have received money from the kremlin ? 
  serious question : do you know what is going on in ukraine ? 
  do you care ? 
  do you know that russia is operating a trollfactory , that for example has been ordered to support donald trump ? 
  you think the problem with rt is `` the name with russia in it '' or the fact that is openly owned by russian government and that putin had listed it as a core organisation with strategic importance of russia ? 
  you think they offer shows to people out of nowhere , who have absolutely no connections with it ? 
   i 'm english and would rather scotland remain in the uk for various reasons that i ca n't be bothered to list . 
  well , in short , because it is better to britain ( england ) . 
   people say brexit is a risk to britain 's economy , it 's nothing compared to what scottish independence would do to scotland 's economy . 
  also people are seeing through the snp 's lies , they do n't trust them as much as they did before the referendum , a big reason why support for independence as fallen . 
  i find this funny . 
  you are obviously very pro-brexit , but opposing scottish independence . 
  this seems to be the most usual combo . 
  the funny part is that leave-voters use the exact same arguments against scottish independence that they refused as `` project fear '' during the brexit-campaign . 
  i am wondering if you guys are able to see it yourselves . 
  can you provide me the source where you found out the support for independence has fallen after brexit ( i am not attacking or doubting you , just interested ) ? 
   in short , i see their nationalism as basically scottishism over britishism . 
  yup . 
  personally i can imagine scotland pushing themselves to independence . 
  if brexit has taught us anything , it is that feelings and nationalism rules over facts ( or should i say experts , heh ) . 
  to my understanding the scots were _ furious _ that you were walking over them with brexit , and therefore betraying something that was basically used as an argument to stay in the union in 2014 . 
  i guess i have been wrong . 
  what it comes to economy , you are probably right ( altought i would love to see the source you used for that comparison ) . 
  however , i failed to see if you think there is something wrong with their nationalism ? 
  i mean , do you think it is wrong they feel scottish , not british ? 
  according to this : http://policyscotland.gla.ac.uk/feels-scottish-national-identities-ethnicity-scotland/  83 % of scotland 's residents feel scottish . 
  i guess the `` no '' - vote in 2014 was a sign that not everyone feels solely scottish . 
  i think the key to the scottish independence is in the national identity , not economy or anything else . 
  and if they _ would _ against all odds get independence , i would assume the leave-voters would be the first to congratulate them , even being against it . 
  since putting `` your people first '' should be something these people understand . 
   party a nationalist revolt are you saying brexit was something else than a nationalist revolt ? 
  hey btw , what is your opinion corcerning the independence of scotland and the nationalism in there ? 
   love and strong borders not everyday you can say that r/europe made you laugh . 
  well done . 
  how dare you !!, 
  so now you can \u00b4 t receive a tiny loan of [ 9 million euros ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11515835/russia-bought-marine-le-pens-support-over-crimea.html ) and exchange a few suspicious messages without being accused of being a corrupted puppet ? 
   the messages , alleged to have been sent or received by the head of the kremlin internal affairs department , timur prokopenko , were hacked by a russian opposition group , anonymous international , and posted on its website . 
  one was received on march 17 last year from `` kostia '' , a figure identified by the opposition group as a governing party mp , konstantin rykov . 
   `` marine le pen has officially recognised the results of the referendum in crimea , '' it read . 
   `` she has n't betrayed our expectations , '' the kremlin official replied . 
   `` it will be necessary to thank the french in one way or another ... 
  it 's important , '' kostia said . 
   `` yes . 
  super ! '', 
  the kremlin official responded . 
  eight months later , when the front national received a 9 million euro ( # 6.57 m ) loan from the first czech-russian bank in november last year , ms le pen insisted it was a purely commercial transaction unrelated to her support for mr putin over crimea or other issues oh and just because they just happen to receive a 27 million loan in 2016 from kremlin they have sold their values ? 
   but can be expected to send even 200 soldiers to their deaths in a war which may not directly affect them ? 
  where are you from ? 
  seriously ? 
  a war that would not _ directly _ affect poland , but a war where the european union would need to use their army ? 
  that sounds a lot like in your head the purpose of this army wouldn \u00b4 t be defending , but invading . 
  where do you actually think we would be going ? 
  to saudi-arabia ? 
  it doesn \u00b4 t matter what country in the eu we are talking about , it would directly affect poland . 
  if you have 1 brain cell left you can figure out yourself what is the real actual threat we need to be defending ourselves against and what has started these talks about the army ( hint : this country has already started a war in europe ) . 
  if this mysterious country would attack for example the baltics or finland , you ca bet your ass it would directly affect poland and their sovereignty . 
  because if this country goes crazy enough to take such actions , i would love to hear why it would simply stop at poland \u00b4 s border . 
  or what kind of scenario you are having in your head ? 
  that japan would just wake up one day and decide that hey , i will invade sweden and sweden only , let \u00b4 s go ? 
  poland would be like oh okay , that isn \u00b4 t directly affecting me , let \u00b4 s continue with our daily life ? 
  seriously , can you paint me the absurd scenario where a country in eu would be attacked and it wouldn \u00b4 t affect poland ? 
  who actually would be the attacker ? 
   you 're implying that a nation would want to leave a union against its own best interests . 
  that is entirely unrealistic , no one would ever do that . 
  exactly . 
  if i recall correctly , the warnings of the experts were labeled as `` project fear '' ( lol ) . 
  but what it comes to the scottish independence and their economy after that , the scots would be absolutely fucking insane to leave if the experts tell them otherwise . 
   despite what people say , we share a history with the english , welsh , irish , that has been born of political , financial and cultural ties going back over 300 years , and even those who want independence still want to belong to those ties ( such as monarchy ) ( for the majority ) would you say most scottish people identify themselves as british , not scottish ? 
  or both ? 
   scottish people are also very apathetic , independence is not something that 's constantly talked about or even discussed , even by those who feel strongly about it . \u00a8 so im guessing that means the scottish people have accepted easily the fact they are leaving the eu , even that is something they didn \u00b4 t want ? 
  i find it hilarious that brexit was a massive `` independence '' - circlejerk , but when scots want _ real _ independence they are ridiculed by the leave-voters and pro-brexit-media ( such as dailymail ) . 
  to me it seems like the leave-voters are the most against scottish independence . 
  which is kind of funny . 
   become a valuable member of society again . 
  in my opinion that is simply impossible at this point . 
  this man is 49-years old , brainwashed to the point of no return , shows absolutely no regret , no shame , any kind of _ fear _ for any consequences . 
  he is out there with his own face . 
  it is clear he doesn \u00b4 t fear jail , loss of reputation , attacks , nothing we could imagine can hurt a person ( with western values ) . 
  i have read many times that what makes isis so goddamn scary is that they are not afraid of dying , in fact they almost seem to look forward to it . 
  this man shows same kind of absurd fearlessness . 
  it is obvious his loyalty and everything he considers to be valuable has nothing to with our society or our lifestyle . 
  how do you punish someone like that ? 
  i am so concerned of him going to the prison . 
  prisons are excellent places to radicalize , influence and convert people . 
  he will be with no doubt very high on the social hierarchy . 
  can they keep him in isolation all the time ? 
  is it really possible it will be impossible for him to try to radicalize youth who already feels like they have no future in the society , could there be a more fertile ground ? 
   sentencing the pair , the judge said they would remain a danger , even in prison , telling them : `` i regard each of you as dangerous . 
  you show no remorse at all for anything you have said or done and i have no doubt you will continue to communicate your message whenever you can . '' the question is what we can do to stop these kind of individuals . 
  his type is extremely scary . 
  we simply don \u00b4 t understand them , their mindset and logic . 
  i am sure even this man thinks his basically two year sentence is laughable , and he has obviously felt safe to do what he does and he is taking full advantage of our `` soft values '' . 
  but is prison really the place to be ? 
  i think he will be dangerous , no matter if he is free or in jail . 
  part of me wants to just bring back death penalty for these kinds of human scum . 
  but that would mean abandoning our values and descending to their level and it would make him a martyr .
