  i 've actually read carefully both the report and the article ( unlike you claimed in another post to me , which is weird since if you had read my messages to you it is pretty clear i 've read it ) . 
  that can very much be the case , that they held her there intentionally to make her too late to abort . 
  you ca n't make statements like that without knowledge . 
   having said all that - this is not what this actual event is about for the love of tapdancing christ . 
  yes it fucking is and you saying it is n't but not even bothering to provide any kind of argument whatsoever to prove that does n't change my mind even if it is written on caps lock . 
  okay moving on . 
   that is not what caused this girl to be send for mental evaluation . 
  you might want it to be a case about the ( shameful ) irish legal situation on abortion , but it simply is n't . 
  aah i am so frustrated . 
  please , please , be so kind and make _ arguments _ why this story of a girl denied an abortion is n't really a story about abortion rights . 
  you have done nothing but stated things , but have n't bothered to explain why you think they are what you think they are . 
  just because you say something does n't make it true . 
  to start with , the girl would n't be in this situation _ to begin with _ if there were n't your abortion laws . 
  she would have just simply got one . 
  please explain how her being in this situation is not really about the irish legal situation on abortion but something else . 
  this girl traveled to dublin thinking she will get an abortion there . 
  it is obvious they have been under the impression that she will be qualified to end her abortion because she was suicidal , in other terms , this was protecting life during pregnancy act in practice . 
  she went there with the clear intention to get an abortion . 
  explain how that is not about the irish legal situation on abortion but something else . 
  ** a doctor decided for her that she wo n't be having an abortion ** . 
  that is the most crucial , important part here . 
  that girl did n't have an abortion in ireland . 
  the story leaves out if she did get to travel , but in ireland that was not happening . 
  someone else choose for her , and that person ca n't possibly be , trough any kind of education qualified to make such decisions . 
  please explain me how this has nothing to with your abortion laws . 
  you are trying to make it about keeping suicidal people locked up to protect themselves - stop . 
  you know it is n't about it . 
  this was a girl who was promised an abortion , who left there to seek an abortion and instead of abortion , she got held against her will and no abortion . 
  this was n't a girl who seek help to her mental health and ended up there , this is n't a girl who had the abortion she wanted and they still kept here , the abortion is the main thing about the whole story . 
  for the love of god , _ how _ , how , can you get to the point of this `` actual event not being about abortion '' ? 
  your abortion laws have _ everything _ to do with this story , this is an example of your abortions laws . 
  and what comes to you being pro-choice , i struggle to see how someone who `` does n't see anything wrong '' in a situation where someone else decides for the woman if she can have an abortion . 
  the qualifications or education or experience that person holds does n't matter , since they _ should n't be in that position and they ca n't make it for her _ , no matter what the situation is . 
  it is in complete conflict with your values . 
  that is the real thing here , which people are outraged about and should be outraged about . 
  breathtaking . 
  it is very very common for people who molest children to genuinely believe the child is n't harmed about their actions and it is a mutually sexually pleasing situation . 
  they believe children can give consent to sex and if there is consent then it is not molestation . 
  what he is writing here is extremely concerning . 
  sexual violence has very grave consequences , child molestation is the most horrible form of that and we do have plenty of scientific evidence that child molestation has very serious consequences . 
  there is perfectly plenty of evidence that the soldier indeed had molested those children . 
  let 's not even open a dialogue if those children were victims or not . 
  edit : welp there we go , he answered with exactly that . 
  this dude needs help . 
   i believe that crime prevention and persecution does n't validate violating someone 's right to privacy , which this case is about . 
  a man leaves and the mother obviously discovers something horrible has happened to her children , and sees a camera is left behind . 
  hey everyone , let 's start a debate about the ethics of the woman going through the camera and reporting to the police and how rude it was . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
   i want my privacy to be maximally protected and respected . 
  again : you read a story about child molestation and the only thing you are concerned about is your privacy . 
  something is seriously wrong with you . 
  he is not even being downvoted . 
  what the actual fuck is going on here ? 
  no , we need preventing and rehabbing therapy for _ pedophiles _ and jail and intense therapy for _ child offenders _ . 
   i never understood why there are some very special people with the need to snoop on other peoples ' private things . 
  i guess this is one of the cases that apparently legitimises such acts , but i still think that that is incredibly rude and weird . 
  i am sorry , i am honestly startled here and i seriously have to check if i understood this right : you read an article about a soldier molesting very young children and creating child pornography out of it , and your first thought is a about the person who dared to go through the fucking camera they left behind ? 
  really ? 
  the main concern here is the privacy of the soldier ? 
  the thing you concentrate on here is their mother `` snooping through other people 's private things '' as in going through the photos ? 
  that her children were victims of sexual violence done by a pedophile , but the real thing you want to point out is how `` incredibly rude and weird '' it was for her to go through the fucking _ pictures _ ? 
  dude honestly , that must be one of the most upsetting this i 've read in reddit , since i do n't think you are trolling . 
  and that is because that is not a normal thought pattern . 
  for anyone to read this and his first concern being blaming the _ mother _ really tells you have a very , very special way of looking this situation . 
  i would n't have in a million years even think that her going through the pictures are wrong , but the only thing you find `` incredibly rude and weird '' was her behavior . 
   the court also banned him from any profession involving minors for five years that 's smart , he will surely be cured and ready to be around little kids during those five years . 
  and who would parents like more to be there than someone who molested a three and five year old . 
  and why is like , his opinion , somehow less likely than the one on top ( with the arguments of `` church was not involved , doctors are gods who do n't make mistakes and do n't have biases , and even if the laws are horrible they worked like they should '' ) ? 
  the girl was depressed because she was pregnant . 
  wanted desperately an abortion . 
  doctor : you do n't get one because it wo n't help you . 
  conclusion : saying that the doctor might have been influenced by his religious and personal views is crazy . 
  alright then . 
   but a forced treatment just does n't fit unless there 's an clear danger to the soon-to-be-mother and child - and from what i read , that was n't present beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  the unwanted child was a danger to the girl who should n't have been a soon-to-be-mother . 
  the forced treatment is n't even the main issue here - her being obviously somehow tricked thinking she will get an abortion and _ her not getting the abortion she clearly needed _ is . 
   i do n't get this argument because what happens to my body and life is not yours to decide what happens to it . 
  how can you `` not get '' something like that ? 
  what has to go wrong to end up not getting something like that ? 
   it 's another human not the womans body . 
  because the actual human here is the mother , she is a breathing , dreaming , talking , thinking creature shaped by other human beings and who has value and different roles , and her life is more important than the one of a fetus . 
  in your eyes , a woman loses her status as a real human with rights the minute she falls pregnant to be less than a fetus . 
  a fetus is not a person . 
  does miscarriages raise the same emotion abortions do in you ? 
  i am so frustrated with the comments in this thread . 
  especially the most liked one by u/spoonshape according to who is `` just pointing out this is not really an abortion story , it 's a mental health story '' , how he `` does n't see anything wrong with it '' and `` this is n't about abortion attitudes or religion , regardless of how much activists are trying to make it be . '', 
  i know that there is a lot of clickbait sensational journalism and usually the top comments indeed explain the situation for what it really is , but in this situation the article is accurate and the title is 100 % correct , exactly what the report says . 
  this is _ not _ only a story of a suicidal child who was held in psychiatric unit to protect her from herself . 
  this ( or the [ article ] ( https://www.childlawproject.ie/publications/order-detaining-pregnant-girl-seeking-abortion-discharged/ ) that according to u/spoonshape is actual evidence instead of the `` clickbait '' article , they say the exact same things though , the other one is just shorter ) is a story about abortion rights in ireland , how powerless those are seek it are and how well they work in practice . 
  it 's a story of a pregnant _ very young girl _ who desperately wanted an abortion , and was denied one . 
  she thought she was going to get an abortion , instead she was held on a psychiatric unit against her will . 
  there , the doctor decided that her ending her pregnancy `` would n't solve her probelms '' . 
   the consultant psychiatrist was of the opinion that while the child was at risk of self harm and suicide as a result of the pregnancy , this could be managed by treatment and that termination of the pregnancy was not the solution for all of the child 's problems at that stage . 
  abortion is illegal in ireland . 
  the one and only exception is when the life of the mother is in danger . 
  that means that this child 's situation could be anything in under the sun but if her life is n't in danger she is forced to keep it . 
  meaning this could very well be a 13-year-old ( just a quick note that some girls start having their periods as early as 8,9 years old . 
  young age is n't reason enough ) raped and victim of incest , and that would n't matter . 
  `` protection of life during pregnancy act '' law came back in 2013 and the death of savita halappanavar who died because she was denied an abortion ( a hindu woman who was told by a healthcare professional `` this is a catholic country '' when she was asking to abort a baby who would n't survive anyway to save her life ) . 
  one reason listed as suicidal behavior .
