  it does ? 
  i am surprised , i thought it was 15 for you guys too . 
  sounds very much like something that could happen in finland . 
  their young age was probably the biggest factor in the sentence . 
  actually today people have been discussing about the age of criminal responsibility ( that is 15 here ) in finland too . 
  two 13 - and 14-year old boys locked two girls in a room , fetched ice cold water and threw it on them four times until finally throwing almost boiling water on one girl that lead to second degree burns covering 9 % of her body . 
  they had practically zero consequences and according the police `` the boys did n't understand the water was so hot '' ( there was some kind of problem in the showers where they took the water , it was 90 degrees ) . 
  even if they did understood what they were doing they would have zero consequences because they were under 15 . 
  they got to continue on the swimming club and obviously even their parents did n't give a shit because when there was a threat of forcing those boys to quit on the swimming club one boy just simply switched to another . 
  these things are not easy , there are many sides to consider and it is good that lynch mobs are not let to decide on things . 
  still , it kind of goes against your natural gut feeling of what is justice and what is not ( this meaning the age of criminal responsibility in general , not necessarily these two cases . 
  i think the system failed in both of these cases ) . 
  but what comes to what happened in germany , my guess is that it does n't matter if those were spared of jail now , they will be there one day . 
  if you are old enough to rape you are old enough to understand what you are doing . 
  i seriously doubt that they are going to do some miraculous change of character and grow up as responsible , normal adults . 
  the biggest factor saying otherwise is that the family and friends cheered on the court . 
  those boys have been raised the wrong way since day one and obviously are surrounded by the wrong kind of people in the future too . 
  when i think about it , this might have been the last chance to save those guys and have some sense on them , but unfortunately it was missed . 
  i really really hope they will never repeat what they did , but unfortunately in my opinion if you are capable of a gang rape at that age and no one intervenes in any way , you are not going to magically change . 
  edit : i have to add that i ca n't imagine how horrible not only the assault was but the court must have been really traumatic for her . 
  i really hope she will receive all the help she needs and finally start healing . 
  just heartbreaking , some people are monsters . 
   he was the only adult there and should be an example to this children . 
  14,16 and especially 17-year olds are not children . 
  moules frites takes the first place in that competition . 
  of course it must come with the amazing belgian mayonnaise ( you ca n't find mayonnaise that good anywhere else in the world , it 's fucking heavenly ) and some good belgian beer . 
  seriously , so yummy . 
  exactly . 
  without this i would n't have even know about the movie , but the article made me want to watch it . 
  i have a feeling i am not the only one . 
  so in other words , fantastic job turkish nationalists . 
   altough it 's always funny to piss off people ( especially the brits ) there you have it folks , the most french thing ever said . 
  they are truly stunning indeed , i loved every single one of them . 
  yurop beautiful . 
  we really need to step up our tourism game to tempt people here , and since there is n't that much to see we need a catch . 
  like let 's train bears to distribute cocaine bags when they arrive on the airport or something . 
  i am shocked too , this really is something i would n't have expected of r/europe . 
  there is so many horrible messages . 
   power of the word ` refugee ' or the word ` somali ' . 
  dear god i do n't know if these people even understand how complete their process of dehumanisation is . 
  joking and being pleased about the fact a 17-year old committed suicide has absolutely nothing to do with political opinions and everything to do with being a sick person . 
   ` dirty brexit ' hey i have never heard of that one before , what kind of position are we talking about ? 
  are you serius ? 
  he actually says that ? 
   fat old ~ ~ women ~ ~ people trying to have babies unfortunately obesity and old age affect the fertility of the guy too and the health of the baby . 
   if i can give my money to my mother . 
  :') this warmed my heart for some reason . 
  you are lovely and obviously your mom is lucky to have you as a son . 
   father became disabled so i moved home to help him . 
  get constant shit for living with a parent from friends/family . 
  those are not your friends , or then they have an extremely twisted sense of humor . 
  seriously fuck them . 
  you are a lovely and respectable human being that should receive nothing but praise for your selfless and loving decision , and if those shitheads ca n't understand it is a shame because then you have friends who are n't even half the person you are . 
  i wish more people were like you . 
  i wish you and your father the best . 
  yeah why do you think we move out instantly after high school ( or after the army for boys ) ? 
  it is cold and dark in here , and we embrace the few things that can bring glow and warmth to our lives , of course it is a bid motivation . 
  and also , hmm , my friend told me that when his boyfriend visited him during the weekend while he was in the army , the effect of not seeing him and missing him like crazy while going to the wild parties you do during the first year of uni and him spending his time 24/7 with dudes doing manly stuff without a boob on sight kind of cooks up a situation where you do n't need your parents to be around while you finally see him . 
  and my friend 's situation was nothing but unique . 
  no but seriously , people in finland move out early because of studies , relationships and just to take responsibility of yourself . 
  it is very much a cultural thing and expected of the youth in here . 
  i ca n't say for sure how big role the allure of sex , booze , partying and mastur - setting your own rules and having your own privacy play in it . 
  of course it is a sum of many factors , but of course it is mostly about money . 
  however i would like to add i do n't think there is necessary a one right way of doing this , and i am sure many people living at home enjoy spending time with their parents . 
  and hey , time we have with them is precious and i appreciate people who understand it . 
  maybe on many aspects living at home with your relatives is much more healthier and not only good for your finances but mental ( maybe even physical ) health . 
  it truly is a new phenomenon of people moving to live alone in super tiny apartments just because they `` have to do it '' . 
  of course this speaks to some level on how close people around the europe feel to their parents , i personally love mine more than anything in this planet earth but still i ca n't live with them . 
  i feel we are a little too fixated to the living alone thing in here and it is way too much frowned up on to live with your parents if you are an adult . 
  there does n't exist many things more stupid that living your life in a way you do n't enjoy or feel comfortable with just because you have to `` prove '' something to others , there is n't going to be any prize for that . 
  so to finally cut my rambling , i do n't think there is a good or bad way for this , both ways have pros and cons , and everyone should just do what they feel is the best for themselves . 
  and live a happy life . 
  the end . 
  edit : btw i like the `` hehe okay '' part . 
  so cute, 
   are people in the north so bored with their kids that they even rent an appartment for them ? 
  please do n't mistake this as the norm or for a common thing `` people in the north '' do because some british guy `` has a finnish mate '' . 
  the whole situation he described is nothing but normal , it is actually really exceptional . 
  it is very rare ( and strange ) for the parents to rent the apartment for their children here in finland . 
  that goes against the cultural norm very much , because the whole idea of starting your independence is studying/working and therefore financing your life and rent with the student allowance/loan/working . 
  there is n't any sense for the parents to swoop in and start paying for their children 's apartment since they already have paid taxes to help them to receive the student allowance and most importantly , the whole idea of moving out and learning how to be independent is to take responsibility and start keeping your own budget . 
  what the hell would be the point of moving out if it would be just you receiving money from your parents ? 
  the student years are poor for _ everyone _ and that is how it should be . 
  yes , for most people ( like i am lucky to have ) your parents are there to catch you if you fall , and i am sure many receive some amounts of money from their parents during their ( early ) study years , or then just food when they visit . 
  i am 21 and do n't know a single person whose parents pay for their apartments/rooms . 
  if they do , they surely are n't telling me about it . 
  it goes without saying that i of course pay my own rent , have been ever since i moved out at 18 . 
   and then he goes home to eat and to do the laundry ? 
  jesus christ , this is even more strange . 
  there is something wrong with this dude , seriously . 
  i really mean it , there is a reason why he is so dependent of his parents and incapable of taking care of himself . 
  it is _ definitely _ not normal to even live close enough to your parents to go _ eat at their house _ , but not being able to even wash your clothes ? 
  does her mom come to clean his apartment too ? 
  just what ? 
  in finland the overwhelming majority of men are not spoiled mommas boys , and most of them have grown up in households where the parents share at least some house work . 
  they learn to cook and clean like a normal person should , a pampering mother smothering her precious son and protecting him from doing any chores ever is something i have n't seen in one of my guy friends or especially ex-boyfriends . 
  they are capable of taking care of themselves and the surroundings they live in . 
  as a woman this though of me traveling home to do my laundry is even funnier . 
  so no again , i do n't know one person who would need their parents for eating or chores . 
  i ca n't even think what my mom would do if i suggested something like this to her .
