   21:37 projected voter turnout : 82 % that 's pretty impressive . 
  so far things are looking good . 
  that can be the case . 
  at least the finnish media has planted me a good seed of fear this will be a fateful election considering the eu . 
  hahah well done : , d, 
  mijn god , what an outstanding summary !, 
  so informative and yet so clear and easy to absorb . 
  i really enjoyed it . 
  you have put a lot of work on this , thank you u/dvtxc !!, 
  this is going to very very interesting ( and nervewracking at the same time ) , this election has been on the back of my mind for a long time . 
  vote well dutchies , the whole world is watching you today !, 
   seeing random erdogan turks trash my business was the last straw . 
  what do you mean ? 
  did someone literally attack your work or you mean `` your business '' in a general form ? 
  because if you mean the latter , it is sad to see his trick did indeed work , at least on some people . 
  that 's fantastic , keep it up you guys !, 
  hahah :d that 's a lovely problem you have there , seeing so much beautiful landscapes it becomes a norm . 
   ` half the country voted to remain ' is a standard battle cry of remainers . 
  battle cry ? 
  so you are ridiculing the fact that almost half of your country ( 48 % , let 's just be precise ) wanted to remain and people are pointing that out , but defend the policy where those who find it suitable try to desperately make it look like that scotland wanted to leave , to the point of starting to manipulate the results ? 
  scotland voted remain with an overall lead of _ 24 % _ over leave . 
  the whole uk voted leave by _ 4 % _ victory margin . 
  still somehow leavers fiercely prefer to cling on the significantly bigger victory margin using it as an argument for their benefit , but find it stupid on the other way . 
  scotland voted overwhelmingly to remain , and that 's the fact . 
  no one knows what the future holds and maybe things will change , but for the love of god try to even stick to the facts . 
  if that 's not going to happen , then start to provide that same kind of empathy for the remainers and make sure their voice is heard . 
  btw you u/heknarf ( i am guessing you voted leave and therefore felt the need to point that out ) feel that this is unjustly directed to you , i would be happy to hear the explanation of u/dickbutts3000 or u/vampiremilesquare for this kind of behaviour . 
  or any other leaver obsessed about the fact that 40 % of scotland voted leave . 
   it 's not a good source this is n't a change 40 % of scotland voted leave thanks for providing an example for me !, 
  that 's not an answer . 
   see this is the behavior i 'm talking about . 
   saying how they wished they voted leave because people in reddit were mean . 
   i 've never bought a copy of the daily mail in my life and yet here ** you are resorting to childishness ** . 
  please see the above . 
  and sure you have n't read it ( since obviously there is no other way than paying for it ) , you were just referring to individual internet users saying that `` eu has behaved appallingly '' . 
  that 's even better . 
  if the russians were right about one thing it was investing in influencing people online , since jesus is n't it working . 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen that once , but maybe it 's just me being blind . 
  on the other hand i see that ' 40 % of scotland voted leave ' all the time . 
  did 50 % of uk vote to remain ? 
  then why are you adding 2 % to the scotland 's result ? 
  it 's interesting , i have seen this _ so _ many times ( and corrected it way too many times ) by people like you . 
  what 's up with it , care to explain ? 
   edit : and here it is [ again ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zgoaj/nicola_sturgeon_abandons_bid_to_remain_in_eu_as/deygc8f/ ) , twice in one thread . 
  lol , daily mail is leaking again . 
  edit : and to add , i am sure you did . 
  just like all the `` remainers '' trolling this site after the election saying how they wished they voted leave because people in reddit were mean . 
  you do n't say . 
  why would that be brilliant news ? 
  it looks almost too perfect to be real . 
  that 's disappointing news . 
  can someone explain why the scotland is changing its view on eu ? 
  is the intense brainwashing from the media starting to work or what ? 
  they all look so civilized , despite different views . 
  good luck tomorrow dutchies , it will be an interesting day !, 
  i hope the polls are right and turkey going full retard is not going to drastically change the outcome for wilders favor . 
  on a side note , does anyone else think he looks like a cartoon character ? 
  like seriously , what 's up with far right leaders loving orange fake tan and bleached hair so much ? 
  i do n't even have the check the profile to know someone voted leave . 
  yes i did read your message , unfortunately i completely lost the point you were trying to make . 
   2000 whales per year why they have to be hunted in the first place ? 
  it 's not about food , it 's not about money or jobs . 
  well they of course say it is , but norway is basically the richest country in the world . 
  those few guys hungting would find new jobs and they would be taken care of in that transition period . 
  just , why ? 
   ireland do n't want us in our economical state oh that 's really surprising . 
  i 've had completely wrong impression of the situation then , interesting . 
  this is starting to get uncomfortable . 
  btw has there been a change in mood in politics during this ? 
  meaning has wilders benefited from this ? 
  all this happening right now , it seems like almost too convenient for him . 
  if you guys become independent the world would have a country that 's national animal is an unicorn . 
  i ca n't even imagine what the rest of your choices would be like . 
  i have a feeling this thread will be an enormous shitshow . 
  i 'm a little scared to scroll down . 
  a stupid question : what will happen to scotland 's defense ? 
  what was the conclusion in the last referendum ( or was there any ) ? 
  i mean would they have their own army or continue with the current system or what ? 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you , that was not my intention . 
  it just confused me since your teenage pregnancy rates are so high . 
   i really thought you would 've looked up the source before trying to dismiss it with anecdotes , just because it does n't fit your rosy view of your own country . 
  it 's pretty hard to follow that chart on the phone and i have a hard time telling what seems to be the problem . 
  but thank you for belittling my personal experiences living in this country and actually using those services as just my `` rosy view '' , especially on how you continue with your own right after that . 
  i think i am allowed to express surprise if this does n't fit my own life ? 
  i grew up in a low-income household and did n't want to involve my parents , that 's why i booked my free appointment to a doctor and got help for the payment . 
   the family planning clinic ( which to teenagers is essentially an unlimited free contraception factory ) well considering the uk still has one of the highest rate of teenage pregnancies in whole europe , seems like the family planning clinic still has a lot of work to do . 
  but overall that sounds like a fantastic system in every way , easily accessible and effective . 
  i am glad you received such a good care . 
   if i 'd been asked to pay for either the service , the medicine or the methods then i 'm fairly sure i would 've had a much worse outcome than i did . 
  yup , same here . 
  reproduction rights are human rights that is unfortunately denied for ~ 200 million women in the world , it is something to be very grateful for . 
  life would be very different for me without it . 
  as a finnish woman in her early twenties who is quite stunned to see this , i was hoping for someone to explain this to me as well . 
  oh and btw , happy cake day !, 
  okay i do n't really have time to check what were the reasons for this , but considering switzerland and denmark have the lowest teenage pregnancies in europe ( and finland lower than all the countries in deep green ) and all countries above have low abortion rates this does n't really add up . 
  also considering danish women use the most of hormonal contraceptives ( the reason why they have the lowest teenage pregnancy ) in nordic countries , i definitely tell something does n't add up in here . 
  we definitely have access to free gyno exams and contraceptive counseling ( family planning , whatever you want to call it ) , and access to cheap contraceptives . 
  you just pick up the phone and book a ( free ) doctor 's appointment to your nearest health center , done . 
  there are various other forms like ehk\u00e4isyneuvola etc you can visit too .
