  what we are supposed to do with these kind of shit stains of humanity , i don \u00b4 t fucking know . 
  so apparently the british police officers are shooting unarmed black people . 
  that 's new . 
   pretty sure belgium has the highest per capita rate of foreign fighters in europe . 
  unfortunately finland has ( or had , i don \u00b4 t know about the situation right now ) the dishonor of having the highest number of [ jihadists per capita ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/cnn_finland_tops_list_of_countries_with_muslim_fighters_in_syria/7446816 ) . 
   behind finland , cnn calculated that muslims from ireland ( 0.07 percent ) , australia ( 0.06 percent ) , denmark ( 0.044 percent ) and belgium ( 0.039 percent ) are all well-represented in the syrian conflict . 
  however , since we have such a small number of muslims the absolute number is pretty small ( i don \u00b4 t know the number right now , in this article it was roughly 30 and it was two years ago ) . 
  but why this is happening , i don \u00b4 t know , i think there is multiple factors ( racism and xenophobia are certainly not helping ) . 
  the only thing clear is that we are failing in many aspects since this is allowed to happen . 
  my cousin \u00b4 s best friend \u00b4 s ex-boyfriend left to fight for isis and was killed . 
  he used to be completely normal , acted completely western ( smoked , drinked , partied , had sex , ate pork etc ) , when he was dating my cousin \u00b4 s friend he even told her he isn \u00b4 t a muslim anymore ( was raised in a muslim family ) . 
  then he suddenly flipped , isolated himself , removed himself completely from social media and stopped keeping contact with this old friends , and later she ( my cousin \u00b4 s friend ) heard he was shot in the head in syria . 
  what was the process that made him go crazy , i don \u00b4 t know . 
  edit : googled about it , belgium does indeed have the highest number of jihadists per capita . 
  well pugs are one of the most adorable creatures on thus planet earth so good for him . 
  ah , the comfort of childhood memories , right ? 
  did your mom also put you to sleep outside in winter ? 
  mine did ( like everyone else in here ) , it was the best way to get me to sleep immediately . 
  being all wrapped up but breathing cold fresh air , there is n't anything more comforting to help you fall asleep . 
  oh , i am so shocked the party that asked russia for a $ 27 million loan wants to hold a referendum on eu . 
  must be a coincidence . 
  you are right , that was poorly worded . 
  and yes you are very much in europe to me . 
  yes i am , since i am sure the number of people feeling like that would be something about 3-7 percent in your country , and that would mean millions of people . 
  are you actually stupid enough to think `` nobody '' identifies as solely european in your country ? 
   you mean we are no longer inhabits of europe the continent ? 
  damn ; did n't know my county had psychically moved in the past few months . 
  i am sorry , i thought it was obvious that i wasn \u00b4 t arguing with the fact you are , indeed , geographically in europe still . 
  that \u00b4 s why i wrote mentally . 
  just wtf ? 
   no politician argued for eu citizens to leave ; some argued that eu immigration was unsustainable and many agreed with them . 
  i am not sure if i am living in the same reality with you . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-refuses-to-rule-out-deportation-of-eu-nationals-living-in-uk-amid-fears-of-influx-of-a7117346.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/scotland-cant-have-veto-over-any-brexit-deal-insists-david-davis-a7141461.html i think we both know the whole idea of brexit was getting foreigners out of your country . 
  the leave-voters clearly very much tought voting leave means deporting the one \u00b4 s who are already in your country . 
   just because people wanted to leave the eu does n't mean they wanted poor relations with the eu ; it just meant they believed we were better out of it then in it . 
  yes i know , your need to have the best deal possible has been more than clear . 
  i don \u00b4 t think anyone has argued you don \u00b4 t want to have `` good relations '' ( meaning good trade deals ) that obviously would benefit you . 
  i have seen that too maybe a million times from the leave-voters . 
  that was the first reaction of leave-voters ( apart from `` we are still european '' and `` if i knew people would react like this i would have voted leave too '' - garbage ) . 
   you 're making this issue far too emotive . 
  oh , really ? 
  and here i was , thinking the whole idea behind brexit was emotional `` independence '' - crying . 
  you know , since it was a vote based purely on feelings , not on actual facts . 
  what it comes to being emotional , sure i am emotional to some point . 
  brexit brought good things too in form of strengthening the relations between the rest of the eu countries . 
  i know i am not welcomed to your country , but i know i am welcomed to for example the netherlands . 
  of course that is emotional to some point . 
  my family members and friends are seeking to leave your country asap because brexit will make things too complicated , of course that is emotional . 
   the eu has changed dramatically since we joined and they were *** valid reasons ** for leaving . 
  if you do n't believe so then you simply live in a bubble . 
  sigh . 
  i am happy you are happy with the outcome ( you sure sound like a leave-voter , going so far you critize people for protesting . 
  brexit will affect millions of lives , very possibly ruining millions , just because you personally are not affected doesn \u00b4 t mean this is not going to happen ) . 
  all i am saying that no , it is not so simple that you leave , get the best deals possible and dodge the difficult questions like greece and the refugees and continue to have influence and close relations with the rest of the europe . 
  you _ are _ going to be isolated more than you are right now . 
  let \u00b4 s just drop it , this is fruitless . 
  how ? 
  you really failed to see the irony in your sentence ? 
   we 're just as european i do n't get it . 
  i have read this hundreds of times , always said by leave-voters ( obviously not the case here ) . 
  european , well , sure . 
  just like for example ukraine and parts of russia can be viewed as european . 
  mentally , eh , not so much anymore . 
  you guys wanted to make the message of not wanting to be associated with us clear , wanting other europeans out of your country etc. 
  i think it is pretty clear you are not `` european '' in the very meaning of the word anymore , you are british , and wanted to make this clear for everyone . 
  that 's fine , but i do n't get the point of pretending you still are as close to us as you used to be . 
   laughed and mocked  for protesting brexit ... 
  exactly . 
  i do n't find this funny , not the slightest . 
  i usually enjoy dark humour . 
  however in this case , i fail the see the `` humour '' part in here . 
  russia never attacks or invades , russia _ liberates _ . 
  or protects oppressed minorities . 
  edit : how dare you even weakly hint russia 's intentions would be anything else than noble and genuine concern of people 's wellbeing . 
  therefore you ca n't use words like `` borders '' , you should try `` graciously showered those in need with liberty and protection even outside the glorious motherland '' . 
  borders and defending sound like war , when we are actually talking about humanitarian help here really . 
  get your facts straight , brainwashed obamabot . 
  i am sorry but i am struggling to understand your point . 
  tricking a man into fatherhood should be frowned upon , not encouraged . 
  the huge majority of women do n't have children in that way . 
  this should be a campaing for both sexes since children need two parents , and they are both responsible of what they made , end of story . 
  yes , eh , exactly ? 
  that is why the decision to have children must always be from both of them and something they both want , and therefore they should n't be advertising to only women since it is n't only their decision or responsibility . 
  to have children ?? 
  ... not . 
  unless italy is encouraging women to just force men to parenthood by not telling she is n't on birth control ( tbh the vibe i got was that neverminf if you are single , just take some poor random guy ) there is no reason to advertise for only women . 
  the sex is the easy quick part , the child will be there to occupy their lives for ~ 20 years . 
  men being eager when the woman says `` hey i am not in bc , lets not use a condom '' , haha nope . 
   jews are fleeing europe as many feel unsafe it blows my mind that this issue does n't have more exposure . 
  how is his possible ?? 
  how is it possible with our history to ignore something so radical and worrying ? 
  what is going on that stop us even talking about the fact why jews feel they are forced to _ leave _ ? 
  why the adds are targeted mostly to women only ? 
  the fathers have an equally important role . 
  trying to shame women to have kids will never work ( at least try something sexier than `` fertility day '' ffs ) . 
  having a blooming economy and family-oriented young men who will do their share of the rearing will work . 
  also the world is already overpopulated , the less we will reproduce the better . 
  ( or , eh , we can just get back to the middle ages , prevent women from having an education , forcing them to get married as teenagers , denying the access to birth control and brainwashing us with religion and raising us to be solely wives and mothers seem to work in the most effective way , tbh . 
  if they really want to explode the population in europe , try that ), 
   in his underwear while on a treadmill wtf ??
