  maybe tsipras can ask his bff putin to gib some moni . 
  in saudi-arabia is not a question of what you want to do . 
  you _ will _ wear the abaya , end of story . 
  one of my mother 's best friends worked there for a year . 
  the pay was extremely good and she had a plan on staying for five years . 
  the place was a living hell , a complete nightmare . 
  she told us there is n't a large sum enough in the world that she would go back . 
  on her first day there , she lifted the veil to drink . 
  was immediately questioned by two religious polices . 
  estonian sounds hilarious , and my estonian friends have told the exact same about us :d but seriously , it is just funny . 
  one classic example of possible misunderstandment is the `` sit next to me an pet my cat '' , which to a finn \u00b4 s ear sounds , eh , interesting . 
  it was a fair win , get over it . 
  edit : kind of mean to want to take our one ( 1 ) tiny bronze medal away . 
  like our perfomance was n't embarassing enough already . 
  yes it is . 
  usually when i look at a map i expect it to have a correct title ? 
  i still do n't understand what is the actual content i should ne focusing on ( or learning ) , but our interaction is pretty fruitless so let 's just drop it . 
   focus on the actual content and maybe you 'll learn something sorry , but i honestly don \u00b4 t understand what you are trying to say . 
  what is the point then ? 
   euthanasia law in the european union  leaves 7 eu countries out of the map  showing eu countries is n't really the point of the map alright then . 
  do you have the link to the actual article , not just the picture ? 
  it would be interesting to know why we do n't belong to europe according to them . 
  a pretty frightening map , one could say . 
  provided to us by u/doctorliberty . 
  username checks out , apparently . 
  happy freedom day to latvia !!, 
  i just ca n't imagine how helpless , frustated and angry the people in calais must feel . 
  imho eu should attack this problem on full force . 
  this half-assed `` oh whatever we ca n't control masses let the completely helpless civilians deal with this bs '' - attitude just simply ca n't go on for much longer . 
  there _ is _ going to be an explosion if we ignore this , there is going to be violence and mayhem when people who are not professionals but just extremely frustated take matters on their own hands . 
  and just to be clear , with eu attacking this problem i do n't mean in a violent matter at all . 
  just simply clear this mess , force them to refugee centers , whatever . 
   the french never tried to hide it * pulls out popcorn * is there any frogs present ? 
  rosbif just called you all homogay !, 
  the scottish one has always been one of my favourites . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbe7mbn37gs juice performing this same song on the music festival i wrote about on my other post ( starts at 8:13 ) . 
  eesti eesti eesti , on my mind !, 
  oh yeah that 's right , you guys were the first ones to do that . 
   edit : meaning iceland was the first country to recognize estonia \u00b4 s independence . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_relations_of_iceland#recognition ) :  iceland was the first country to recognize the regained independence of lithuania , latvia , estonia , georgia , armenia and azerbaijan from the ussr in 1990 -- 1991 . 
  similarly , it was the first country to recognize montenegro 's independence from its former union with serbia . 
  [ 5 ] iceland was also the first country to recognize croatia , having done so on 19 december 1991 . 
  [ 6 ] significantly , iceland was also the first western state to recognize palestine when it did so in 2011 . 
  tl ; dr : the hobbies of vikings include playing football and recognizing countries . 
   it was not really a bump on the road mate , that 's the thing  yeah it was an extremely shitty choice of words , my intention was not to downplay the horrors of your history , i apologize for that . 
  it was a very poor attempt to express that you guys have gone through a lot as nation and can now/will in the future look back and think that you still came out as winners despite them . 
  but hey now i know how you guys view this day and have learnt . 
   if anything , i think most people would rather not dwell on the humiliating shitfest of 1940-1991 . 
  i hope you guys don \u00b4 t mind me posting this . 
  this has been in the news here in funland so maybe i got a wrong impression of this day \u00b4 s meaning to you guys ? 
  however i think you kicked the `` post-soviet '' - stigma already like 10 years ago , so isn \u00b4 t it great in some way to look back like yup we had a bump on the road but are doing great nowadays ? 
  i think the [ singing revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singing_revolution ) isn \u00b4 t as known as it should be . 
  standing up against oppression as a nation with _ singing _ as your weapon of choice . 
  how brave and beautiful . 
  a fun fact is that on 26.-28 .8 1988 , estonia held a music festival called rock summer . 
  a few finnish artist participated and sang songs that were strictly forbidden . 
  for example sakari kuosmanen sang the finlandia-hymn replacing the finland-parts with eesti or estonia ( the words were really provocative , since you know , it is our national hymn about conquering oppression and how the day of daylight is dawning after the threat of night has been driven away , you guys can take a wild guess towards what is meant heh ) . 
  he later told on a documentary made about the festival that he clearly noticed the armed soviet guards getting anxious at that moment . 
  he also shouted the words `` eesti vabaks ! '', 
  meaning `` free estonia '' on the stage . 
  also juice leskinen sang our national anthem maamme , that is the same than in estonia ( except the words , of course ) . 
  they said later they were worried about the consequences but it was obvious a few guards can \u00b4 t shoot 200 000 people . 
  also he recalled of how everyone , also the finns were crying when the crowd sang `` eestlane olen ja eestlaseks j\u00e4\u00e4n '' and that it was a magical moment where he understood the estonians were making history . 
  so happy independence-restoration day to our dear southern brother !, 
  you guys have kicked ass in just 25 years and will with no doubt continue succeeding in the future . 
   spent $ 2,600 of taxpayers ' money to make 3,500 phone calls , to win a reality tv show well that is a whole new level of pathetic . 
  no , that sounds way too cute for something so ugly . 
  i like the way you think though . 
  hihi , i have to eat my word and reply : you escalated pretty quickly from worrying about me not being polite enough to that . 
  so let \u00b4 s all follow our own advice and concentrate on not controlling others one way or another , shall we ? 
   you did that tho , not me yes , and you replied to me replying to something that has nothing to with the discussion ? 
  so why reply to me ? 
   some muslims would disagree with you . 
  sigh . 
  dude , this is not a question of your personal opinion or how you feel , because that is what your bs argument was . 
  please , read the quran . 
  people can argue about the meaning , but not the word . 
  you will ** never ** find a muslim in this world who would say something in quran isn \u00b4 t perfect . 
  and in quran , there isn \u00b4 t a single part mentioning you should cover your face . 
  end of story . 
  however , you have the right to your opinion . 
  but to be honest i would worry about the treatment of muslims in america so much more right now . 
  you have a very popular presidential candidate saying muslims shouldn \u00b4 t be allowed to _ enter _ the country . 
  so yeah sure you can participate in discussion here , but starting to give `` for starters '' advises at this time ? 
  yeah , maybe not . 
   true , but there is an obvious shift towards multiculturalism in europe in general , no ? 
  lol , a pretty lame save . 
  let \u00b4 s just say this will never happen in my country . 
  lol , well , if you are unable to link me the part where this is mentioned to be some kind of rule , i don \u00b4 t really do anything with your opinion , because you failed to convince me how this would bring true value to my time in reddit . 
  unfortunately you are just going to deal with the fact i will continue doing so . 
  and unless you are unable to read what the dude i replied to wrote , you could see how completely in sync his crazytalk was with his posting . 
  just like many , many trolling accounts . 
  apparently you live in a world where we aren \u00b4 t bombarded with heavy propaganda , done by accounts that sole purpose is doing so . 
  i envy that , it must be nice in such world . 
  sorry , but i wont be replying to you anymore . 
  have a good evening !, 
  why are you linking this to me ? 
  are you having a laugh ? 
   i just think banning all these forms of islamic dress is counter productive . 
  eh , okay , so this might be a surprise , but germany isn \u00b4 t a synonym to europe .
