  you know what , you are right . 
  opinions are not objective , national identities can be considered subjective , and being taught someone does n't make it a fact . 
  however my identity is based on objective facts ( like cultural , political , historical , geographical etc ) , and , well , it 's just weird because i 've never seen any maps or classifications where we would be considered as eastern european so it 's kind of new information and the one i 've grown up with seeing all the time ( that we are northern european ) feels like an objective fact . 
  just like i consider finland being a nordic country an objective fact even though i am sure you could argue that is is subjective . 
   people love italian food colour me surprised , this ca n't be possible . 
  those bitterballen munching bastards , even make better nom-noms than us . 
  i do n't know how much more of this i can take . 
  then there is something wrong . 
  haha , i would , actually :d, 
  that must be frustrating . 
  but hey that 's nothing , this summer i met a girl who `` corrected '' me about how polish people speak russian , and that a language called polish does n't exist . 
  me and the polish chick were like ?? 
  ah i see , that 's why you felt the need to put me in my place with your patronizing attitude . 
  well then we can come to conclusion that this is mutually unpleasant and can stop this conversation . 
   kolmen sep\u00e4n patsas has nothing to with russia . 
  done by a finn , was revealed in 1932 . 
  second one is though . 
   i still like finns though , shrug , you guys just like to bash other places but get yourself real easily butt-hurt :p i am sorry you met finns who like to bash others and got into arguments . 
  here !, 
  * raised hand *, 
   no need to be so defensive about it i replied to you what i think ? 
  what statues you mean especially ? 
  just curious . 
   all the russians who live and work in helsinki ... hmm , i do n't think that turns any country to another even if they have a large group of migrants . 
  or if it does then a bit of sweden belongs to eastern europe since we flooded into your country . 
   you cant expect yourself to see the differences if you lived there your whole life , you need a different perspective . 
  i have n't lived here my whole life , but i do am open to different perspectives . 
  i just do n't think your tone is just that polite when you are teaching me about my country , tbh . 
   spb ? 
  yup we do have our national problem with alcohol , that is for sure . 
  traumatic past and then people passing it on kind of creates that . 
  but luckily we are still far behind from you guys what comes to alcohol consumption . 
  https://yle.fi/uutiset/3-9487323 it 's in finnish so i did n't , but basically it says that swedes do n't know much about finland , and the little they know is based on stereotypes and feelings rather than actual facts . 
  i 'm on my phone and in work so if my want the actual study i have to do it later . 
  because it is warm and we have a fantastic worldwidely appreciated cuisine , of course . 
  honorary southern europeans . 
  oh no , a swede who views us to be a bit russian , that 's shocking . 
  haha nope just referring to a study about how you view us . 
   look dude , i lived and worked in helsinki for two years , it most definitely is a mix of east and north . 
  you were part of russia for a bit too . 
  and before that we were 600 years in the cold arms of moder svea . 
   and this year we have been 100 years independent !, 
  do you mean some of the architechture built during the russian time or can you give examples of what you mean ? 
  i have lived here most of my life and i do n't see it , but you are of course entitled to your view and can have a different one than me . 
   i kind of agree that it is more north than eastern yes as a nordic country that has pretty much everything alike to your country , including your language as the second official one , that 's nice to hear :d  you are even in the eastern time zone for christ sake . 
  so is greece and egypt . 
  uh , well sure , can you link me those sources that consider finland being in eastern europe a geographical fact ? 
  but yeah eastern european is more than just a `` geographical location '' , i think we can all agree on that . 
  why are you and so many others so worked up ? 
  but i 've been taught that we are in nothern europe . 
  so to me that 's objective . 
  he is of course allowed to his opinion , i just told mone too . 
  okay , i will deal with it when you explain why that is ? 
   why dont you like being in eastern europe because i am not in eastern europe . 
  i was n't taught in school that i was in eastern europe , nor have i lived my whole life in a city where i would now learn that belongs to eastern europe . 
  i do n't understand why we would belong to eastern europe honestly . 
   portugal is in western europe too . 
  i dont understand your argument i do n't understand yours either so i guess we 're even . 
    i dont understand your argument . 
  for us from country xy , finland is always eastern europe , i hate when you easterners complain about being in eastern europe , its so childish . 
  well that 's unfortunate . 
  i do have met some brits who consider finland to be eastern european but those have been people that probably ca n't tell the difference between moldova and finland , but not others . 
  i have n't really noticed this myself , but i am sure some people find it offensive . 
  i do n't find it offensive in this case , just that i am told something about my country that i do n't think is true so it bothers me . 
  many people find the tiring old ex-soviet labeling for example to be not that nice , if that 's what you mean , and i do n't really think i need to explain why . 
  being defined by your oppressor instead what you are is n't that great . 
   g. there 's a bit of france that has no categorisation ) where ? 
  i do n't see it . 
   if i had time i would 've created a gradient to show how europe ` fades ' out in my mind towards the east uh that sounds bad . 
  nope . 
  finland is not eastern european , and especially not helsinki ( or more like a helsinki being half and half which is even weirder ) . 
  otherwise it is pretty . 
  this is his first post . 
  you are adorable . 
   it 's a great post do n't worry about it . 
  thanks to sipil\u00e4 and his ego we lost the first place for we 've held for like 6 years . 
  is this / s or are you serious ? 
  :d oh that explains it more , otherwise it would 've been _ very _ concerning . 
  still very concerning though and my heart breaks for those who struggle with this , must be alienating as hell . 
  but yeah babies are gorgeous , i am actually in a train looking at one that is so particularly gorgeous that i am almost seriously plotting how to steal it . 
  does this include girls who are taking care of babies at home ? 
  greece scoring high , as always , on the `` who loves putin the most '' - game . 
  according to these polls they seem to be the biggest fans of russia in the eu . 
  it frightens me that we have even talked about serbia joining eu . 
  fuck no . 
  i think he looks super creepy , serial killer vibe . 
  like `` stab you on your sleep because if he cant have you no one can '' - creepy . 
  definitely not my type . 
  on the other hand i think she looks lovely in her wedding picture . 
  but these things are so subjective , 
  hihi, 
  not only that , dude grabbed other people 's crotches too . 
  according to him he has just been under a lot of pressure . 
  because stress forces you to show your peepee to people who do n't want to see it . 
  mr.borg , here to make us all feel better about the things we would like to forget . 
  i expected it to be gallen kallela 's aino myth . 
  tom of finland would 've been great too, 
  jesus christ ireland . 
  look at that huge mountain . 
  meh i do n't see that,
