  am i hating men because i read study that made that extremely clear ? 
  should i get a shrink now ? 
   i 'm not saying there is n't a gendered aspect to this specific crime today , it 's just that the implication that men are safe from murder while women are at the frontline is terribly misleading . 
  it is true men are most likely to be the victim of a homicide , but men sure are more likely to be safe from women killing them than the other way around . 
  so her statement is n't really untrue , no matter how unsuitable/tasteless it might be to this particular situation . 
  i have no idea where u/jeanralph pulled his statistics , but they are not accurate . 
  men made up 68,2 % of the homicides victims in 2010-2013 , 70 % in 2000-2009 . 
  the closest static to u/jeanralph 75 % was 74,4 % of all victims in 1970-1979 . 
  from 1980-2013 women made up 29,7-31 ,8 % of all homicide victims , the number of female victims steadily growing . 
  you are of course downvoted to hell , but what it comes to actual facts , in finland women are _ far _ more likely to be killed by men than vice versa , especially in a relationship . 
  the second most typical type of homicide in finland ( 18 % of all homicides ) is a man killing his partner of ex-partner . 
  a woman is four times more likely to be killed by his partner than a man . 
  the most common type of homicide in finland is a male killing a male ( 60 % of all homicides ) , then a male killing a female ( 28 % of all homicides ) , then a woman killing a male ( 9 % of all homicides ) and least likely being a woman killing a woman ( 3 % of all homicides ) . 
  however this kind of type where a strange man kills a woman is a rare type of crime . 
  edit : i find the downvotes interesting.apparently facts are not welcomed if they are not nice enough , so let 's prefere the fake one because feelings . 
  happy independence day to our beautiful feisty baltic brother . 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's like we have lived in peace and wealth for so long we take that for granted , like nothing can change that . 
  just think about it , the leader of the free world is a man who believes climate change is a chinese hoax . 
  people chose that man to lead the most powerful country in this planet earth . 
  thank you , thank you so much for this post . 
  you wrote everything i felt the need the write while reading these comments . 
  i am worried about the tone people speak about migrants in here . 
  i realized how bad it was when there was an article about the 17-year-old somali boy who committed suicide and majority of the comments were basically `` haha , not taking our welfare money anymore '' . 
  these are human beings . 
  we have way too many examples of how extremely easy it is to completely dehumanize a group of people and to my opinion many people are already on that point . 
  yes we can and should talk about immigration , what should be done to stop people drowning in the future , what is a reasonable amount of people we can handle etc , but this is n't it . 
  these people had absolutely nothing to lose and we are ridiculing them when they die . 
  no , it 's not our job to save the whole continent of africa but there is a huge difference between talking politics and talking about humans like they are worthless animals that do n't deserve any respect or compassion . 
  just beautiful , i love this . 
  there is a reason why oxford dictionaries chose the word `` post-truth '' as the word of the year . 
  2016 has really been incredible , in the most negative possible meaning of that word . 
  truly a real eye-opener in what kind of world we live in . 
  i still have trouble accepting it . 
  i just do n't understand how it is possible that he went to oxford . 
  just ... 
  how ?? 
   that 's my fear honestly there is nothing stupid to be afraid of this . 
  people seem to forget that the reason eu was founded in the first place was to stop wars from happening ( and , btw , it has done it 's job perfectly on that part ) . 
  the reason nato was founded was to ensure peace and build friendship between democratic western nations , or to quote wikipedia  the first nato secretary general , lord ismay , stated in 1949 that the organization 's goal was `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down . '', 
  it pains me when david cameron flashed the possibility of ww3 it was branded `` fearmongering '' ( yes because having even a tiny chance of war when you leave an union that was made to ensure peace is sooo ridiculous ) and when trump speaks about `` getting along with russia '' and about `` starting ww3 for european countries you have never heard of , give me a break '' people go insane how this genius has just invented the recipe for peace . 
  yeah , like no other president has never thought of that before . 
  there is a possibility the cost of that friendship is backing out of europe and letting russia to do what he wants in europe . 
  perhaps to my country , for example . 
  trump is already talking about backing assad , which is what russia does . 
  that is just one example of how huge changes he has in mind and how much his political views differ from obama . 
  there is a clear climate of change between the superpowers nations in this world . 
  electing trump really can mean _ everything _ changing . 
  to be honest , i am really afraid myself too . 
  we are slipping to this darkness of isolation , unhealthy nationalism and hostility to anything that resembles international cooperation . 
  people take peace for granted , like it is the normal state of living and not something that requires a lot of work and good relations . 
   how could you put cat above dog ? ... 
  how ? 
  ... ... how ? ... ... ... ... how ???? ... ... ... ... ... ... . how ??? 
  just tell me how ???????????????????????????????? 
  some people just `` get '' cats , i do . 
  they are elegant , graceful , independent and do n't try to please you . 
  they choose carefully who they like and have a subtle way of expressing it . 
  however personally i prefer doggies , that does n't mean that cats are n't lovely . 
  that 's actually wrong , we have more dogs than cats in finland . 
   around 800 000 doggies and 650 000 pussies live here . 
  the idea for the map is super cute though thank you op !, 
  i like having them and hearing their perspective . 
   although naturally that does n't include the_douchebags and especially those who have that perverted over the top obsession about sweden , i 'm so so tired of those retards ( honestly you guys do n't even try to discuss with them , it 's a lost cause . 
  been there done that it is completely useless ) . 
  luckily the vast majority is polite and actually intelligent and have a positive contribution to the discussion . 
  only 65 % ? 
  that sounds quite low . 
  we have very high trust on other people , police , our government , the political system etc. 
  for example [ here ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/submitviewtableaction.do ) is one that puts us ahead of norway and sweden . 
  :d [ here ] ( http://www.hs.fi/tiede/art-2000002864726.html ) is an article ( but it 's in finnish and behind a paywall so it 's pretty useless , but you guys have to just trust me hihi ) about how according the european social survey 2014 finns trust each other more than ever , second most in europe just behind denmark . 
  contrary of what you could easily believe ( people trusting each other less and less each year , with the sensational media and everything ) , it 's interesting that the lowest point was back in 1990s , during the depression . 
  as a topic this is very interesting since trust is pretty crucial for a well functioning society . 
  the article that i linked lists three things that are in common in societies where people trust each other : - most people do n't classify others as `` lower class '' - services and taxing are seen as fair - those who are well educated and earn well tend to be trust others more, 
  nobody considers you northern european . 
  unlike finland . 
  get over it . 
  ( jesus you have an obsession though , like 7 messages about it ), 
  i advice you read my edit as many times as you need . 
  that there were n't women in the combat ? 
  how many ww2 movies you 've seen where female soldiers , racial diversity ( btw it was there , even if in the movie they were mostly white ) , transvestites , vegans or whatever it is that triggers you play a part exactly , if this was such a difference to you ? 
  i do n't remember any , really . 
  aand now i am crying . 
  i love him so much it physically hurts , he is so incredibly wise and genuine it hurts my heart . 
  if only the world would be filled with sweet , beautiful souls like him , how different things would be . 
  or more like if we would only listen . 
  dunkirk must be one of the most horrible and best movies i 've ever seen at the same time . 
  i saw it this week and still have n't completely shaken the feeling it left . 
  i have always hated war movies but that one was realistic to the point it was hard to watch and i wanted to walk out ( and would have if my boyfriend would have agreed ) . 
  i have never seen a film that shows what complete utter madness war is so well . 
  i cried for a good part of the two hours , especially the part where they notice the boats . 
  i recommend it to anyone , even if it just for educational reasons . 
  a beautiful true story of british solidarity and strength during the darkest of times . 
  i 'm sorry to let you down but actually there were women on the film . 
  nurses feeding the men and taking care of them , and there were women on the civilian boats that came to evacuate the soldiers . 
  wow what 's going on norway ? 
  apart from the hot dudes who convince you that popping out healthy bouncy babies is a good idea of course . 
  this sounds sarcastic but it is n't , are you sure they were n't somehow a bit mentally handicapped/challenged ? 
  it 's just that someone being in such a bad shape ( overweight , no normal hygiene ) tends to be a sign that it might not be their own fault but genuinely ca n't take care of themselves properly , because people do n't choose something like that . 
  and in that case you should n't be mean .
