  psshh whatever , such a stupid thing to measure , we would n't have wanted more votes anyway . 
  awkward loner is the way we roll which btw is much more unique than you popular dutchies with your so called `` normal social skills '' and healthy well functioning societies . 
  who cares what the irish think , those fun loving , smooth talking , handsome blue eyes black hair people , we do n't like them anyway hahaha ha ^ ha ^ god ^ it ^ [ hurts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zlfcngvel4 ), 
  yes !!!, 
  can you believe it ? 
  oh my god , i ca n't believe someone remembers that :d yeah that 's me , i accidentally deleted that . 
  i know right !!, 
  finally someone hot . 
  i have never seen a politician with a raw sex appeal like that , like hello finally something entertaining while reading the news !, 
  i personally find him hotter than trudeau even . 
  it is seriously unheard of . 
  people are freaking out , my parents are basically on the verge of divorce because of this , my dad ca n't handle her cockiness right now . 
  this is seriously something else . 
  those glorious bastards . 
  showing how it should be done for the rest of the world . 
  i am so happy in every way . 
  perfect way to start a night , remember to celebrate people !, 
  on this historic moment , i would like to point out another historic moment : ** france just beat finland 5-1 in hockey . 
  ** in fucking ice hockey . 
  and elected the sexiest president i 've ever seen . 
  can one country possibly get any better ? 
  vive la france < 333 one goal down , next one : have his babies . 
  stop it he is sexy when he gets passionate . 
  shh , that little dude is finally having his well earned rest . 
  no bot should be forced to work that hard . 
  regardless what party you were rooting for , i think we can all appreciate the fact that starting tomorrow , the americans will no longer remember a country name france exists and most importantly : the brutal , ruthless violation of french names will stop . 
  no more : maccron , machron , maceron ( ? 
  ) , marcon or lepen , le penn ( this is probably the most common , you can see it _ all _ the time . 
  how it is possible to not get right the name of the person you are asking people to vote for is beyond me ) , len pen , etc. 
  i am not even going to start with m\u00e9lenchon . 
  it 's over . 
  it 's finally over . 
  hahahha it 's fucking unbelievable : , dd like seriously , my snapchat is blowing up right now even on the finnish side . 
  well done you guys . 
  hi gorgeous !, 
  i \u00b4 m on my phone !, 
  ouaaaaisss !!!, 
  edit : btw france just beat finland 5-1 in ice hockey . 
  just woah wtf is happening, 
  that 's an . . interesting username you have there . 
  uh , well , glad to hear at least someone had fun . 
  as a side note i must admit i do n't like these live threads at all , i would n't really call `` live thread '' something that can take 30 min breaks between posting . 
  the coverage we had here for example in dutch elections was seriously amazing . 
  i miss the constant updates , links to all the possible sources where you could follow the elections , the descriptions and everything . 
  those megathreads are simply the best . 
  i do n't agree at all , we are better than that . 
  if we sink at the same level , we lose any kind of credibility we could have over them and would be no better than them . 
  i personally think the only possible way to fight this blatant propaganda war we are in right now is to educate the crows . 
  it 's impossible to try to fight it in any other way unless people themselves realize they are the target of it and that they might be even a tool of spreading it without them realizing it . 
  all western countries have been toothless what comes to educating their people about what is going on , how to detect , reject and ignore it . 
  the huge amount of people who are blissfully unaware or refuse to believe the fact that there even exists systematic and carefully planned propaganda spreading is seriously inexcusable . 
  voter turnout 65,3 % at 5 pm . 
  not that great . 
  i think we can all agree that no matter what the outcome is , a high voter turnout is the best possible outcome . 
  this could benefit le pen , but even if he wins it is worrying for the future . 
  aww your son is adorable . 
  jesus so glad the day is finally here . 
  i have constant awful images of what could happen for le pen to win . 
  first i was afraid macron voters wont bother to vote because they are too confident he will win anyway , or the fact that le pen has dedicated voters and what if there is too much people unable to d\u00e9dicer . 
  now i am afraid that what if the belgian polls will soothe people in a wrong way and they wo n't bother to go out but le pen supporters will . 
  i 'm just scared shitless there will be some kind of huge unexpected twist and she will win . 
  i hope they are both alright . 
  tell me about it . 
  if he had just stayed humble , cooperated with the media and kept his emotions in check , it would 've been a non-story that everyone would have forgotten in a few weeks . 
  you just do n't get angry for journalists doing their job , even if it feels unfair . 
  now he chose to create another problem out of it that turned out to be the bigger and more damaging one . 
  however , even though his party is something i would never vote for and i do n't like him personally at all , i can somewhat understand why he felt he was treated unfairly . 
  i ca n't understand his actions at all , but his reaction a bit . 
  i think him losing his adult son somehow has made him overprotect his family . 
  oh wow i am sorry , i do n't understand how i was that blind . 
  i guess that 's what happens when you reddit in university trying to concentrate on two things at the same time ( with dyslexia ) . 
  :d tbf i did n't know about the investigation concerning yle , so i guess i just jumped to conclusions . 
  good to hear they are investigating that too . 
  i guess we are n't in europe anymore . 
  at least we scored better than sweden . 
  that 's something . 
   now there 's an ongoing independent investigation ~ ~ no , the investigation ended already a long time ago and they found out that he had n't done anything wrong ( [ link in finnish ] ( http://www.hs.fi/politiikka/art-2000005069772.html ) ) . ~ ~ i do n't know how to read full sentences . 
  so yeah he was n't guilty of anything but he definitely made an ass of himself throwing a tantrum and that martyr `` you can punish me but leave my children and relatives alone '' - crap . 
  in a democratic , free society , journalists have the responsibility to investigate if they find something that seems like a suspicious activity from a politician . 
  just because he thought he was falsely accused ( when in reality it was just them pointing out those connections ) does n't give him the right to pull shit like that . 
  he knew he was innocent , he should have just shut his mouth , appreciate the fact our journalists will watch out the actions of politicians for the people like in a free society they should and wait for the investigation to prove what he knew would be true . 
  he made everything worse with his own actions , a true pr-nightmare . 
  it was his ego that ended up making this a big thing . 
  thank you for this . 
  i teared up a bit . 
  i do n't think there is much to celebrate right now . 
  we just lost our first place that we kept for what , 6 years ? 
  because our dear prime minister managed to fuck it up . 
  - is a part of non-nato club with sweden and finland . 
  - fucked the whole world with freud - [ arnold schwarzenegger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wllpch-le54 ) - home for so many classical composeurs : mozart ( mozartkugel mm ) , schubert , liszt , j. strauss , mahler , bruckner . 
  also they have the new year 's concert . 
  - gave one of the most delicious ( and my personal specialties ) cake to the world , the sachertorte . 
  - vienna is a gorgeous . 
  - wiener schnitzel also i always associate austria with christmas markets and skiing . 
  overall just one of the safest , cleanest , best quality of life countries in the world . 
  edit : i forgot the most important thing , their president alexander bellen is a green party member . 
  woop woop !, 
  norway is so pretty . 
  a group of my friends took a cycling trip there last summer and the snaps and instagram pictures were seriously breathtaking . 
  the people were great , everywhere was safe , they had a lovely time .
