  here we go again , haha i already gave up on you since it was too much :d oh , isn \u00b4 t it my favorite little `` timo soini is on the right economically because i read a line in a _ wikipedia article _ ( where in that same line he mentioned them being a worker \u00b4 s party . 
  have you googled that yet ? 
  exciting to learn new things , isn \u00b4 t it ? ) '', 
  american . 
  or was it that the whole party was on the right economically ? 
  please refresh my memory , it was lovely how you `` educated '' me . 
   you mean like the list i provided of your right wing party which had all of those as their core values . 
  oh really ? 
  let \u00b4 s see sweety . 
  - banning abortion . 
  yes the thing is honey , that since we are not retarded as a nation , there isn \u00b4 t a single party in the finnish parliament that would like to ban or tries to band abortion . 
  suggesting to ban abortion would be a political suicide , you would be ripped apart . 
  even the most religious people ( and there are so few ) would never dreaming suggesting that , despite their personal views . 
  - crazy gun laws no . 
  since again , we are not retarded . 
  not even true finns . 
  - the obsession with religion true finns have christian values , or christian-socialistic as many of them describe . 
  however , the craziness with jesus don \u00b4 t come even near of the laughable circus you have over there . 
  since we , even true finns , don \u00b4 t have the urge to share how we think about god , people simply don \u00b4 t know what you believe in . 
  lutheran values are seen as a part of the finnish culture to some extent , it doesn \u00b4 t matter that pretty much no one is religious . 
  you on the other hand , how many publicly atheist congress member you have ? 
  - `` traditional family '' here you got it right , well done sweety , they do oppose gay marriage , gay couples adopting etc. 
  however , the difference to your republicans is that true finns would never want to remove paid maternity leave or any kind of maternity benefits that make finland the best country to be a mother ( you guys score horribly in that area too , you can send a thank you note to your republican politics . 
   ) that means they protect single mothers too . 
  you remembered two parts , really well done !, 
  of course in your head that transfers to `` all of those '' , just like `` every right wing party in europe '' . 
  you sure know love to generalize when there is no base for it . 
   don \u00b4 t be too hard on yourself . 
   ignorant as fuck . 
  as i said , after you i am not surprised anymore why donald trump is so popular . 
  i guess it is some kind of culture shock , and makes you appreciate what you have . 
  if you are still interested on how `` right '' the true finns are , please read this https://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/news/perussuomalaiset-tekevat-isanmaallista-talouspolitiikkaa/ and tell how communist you would rate them on the scale of 1 to 10 . 
  oh right sorry , you didn \u00b4 t speak finnish . 
  or any other language than english . 
  i just tought you could use something else than wikipedia . 
   depends what you mean by right wing . 
  economically only ? 
  what i mean by right wing ? 
  i mean what people in general mean by right wing . 
  you know well that republicans are on the right . 
  considering what unites or gives the frame , basically defines the republican party ( and , well , in general any political parties ) are the economical views , yes , of course i mean economically . 
   nationalists ? 
  definitely yes . 
  could you please name those parties and how they are definitely more nationalist than the republicans ( please give concrete examples ) ? 
  also , i naturally meant the conservative values that are tied to right-wing parties too . 
  meaning wanting to ban abortion , crazy gun laws , the ridiculous insanity with the christian religion you guys have , `` traditional family '' and all the bullshit this is considered to mean etc. 
  ideally these examples you are going to provide would match all of these , like republicans . 
  we already have had an american telling how for example swedish democrats , true finns , `` everyone in hungary '' and ukip `` make republicans look like hippies '' , so please save your country \u00b4 s name and provide some real information . 
  educating children who are young enough to be breastfeed . 
  meaning babies very roughly aged 6-18 months . 
  you americans have exceptionally smart babies apparently . 
  also the this was said : `` except for maternity leave '' . 
  we are talking here about children who are older than the one \u00b4 s who still drink from boobies . 
  and even if we would , milk can be bottled and/or use formula . 
  hey i really need to ask , are you voting for donald trump ? 
  i will never have an answer to my last question on where republicans lean on economical issues since that would mean would have to admit how perfectly wrong you are , but please can you answer this ? 
  are you a republican ? 
  what is your education ? 
  do you support obamacare ? 
  i would be more than glad to put here articles where timo soini comments about his left-wing policies on economic matters if you want to continue `` discussing '' this . 
  somehow it just hurts me there are people who think one line in wikipedia covers the knowledge they need ( funniest part is that there is clearly said they are a _ worker \u00b4 s party _ . 
  do you even know what that means ?? ), 
  and i am happy to help you with that matter . 
   it 's right there . 
  you 're either a troll or beyond all hope . 
  i don \u00b4 t think i have ever seen anything this ironic . 
  but i don \u00b4 t blame you , it is not your fault . 
  but somehow i just want to know are you unique or is this a common problem . 
   it 's right there . 
  you 're either a troll or beyond all hope . 
  timo soini is clearly left-wing on economic politics he would disagree with you . 
  god help me . 
  you are the living example of why people in your country vote for donald trump . 
  i am almost in tears here . 
  timo soini is clearly on the left on . 
  economic . 
  policies . 
  why is this so challenging ?? 
  he is on the right on his conservative values . 
  i understand now why you tried telling me i don \u00b4 t understand the concept of right wing . 
  it is because you simply don \u00b4 t. 
  read the first sentence of your wikipedia article . 
  hey , since this is extremely challenging , i will ask this for the last time : ** does republicans lean on the left on economic policies ** ? 
  i just can \u00b4 t believe this . 
  i can \u00b4 t. 
  you truly are this stupid . 
  `` you \u00b4 ve just been educated '' ... 
  i just can \u00b4 t. 
   inside the party there is also a movement which can be considered clearly rightist , led by mep jussi halla-aho . 
  there you go sweetheart . 
  read that sentence over and over again , what name there is again ? 
  timo soini is _ clearly _ left-wing on economic politics . 
  i can link you hundreds of articles in finnish on this matter . 
  i have spent hours watchig him debate , read maybe thousands of articles considering his very left-wing views on economic issues , like the welfare state he feels extremely strongly . 
   yes considering the gop has members with many different ideas . 
  dude ... 
  i can \u00b4 t believe this . 
  and you think that true finns have two members , halla-aho and soini then ? 
  let me be clear with this since you just don \u00b4 t get it : does the republican party lean on the left on economic policies ? 
  edit : also , if the concept of republican party as a whole is too challenging ( because clearly it is ) , please be free to introduce me to one of those more-left-wing-and-less-conservative members of your party , and i \u00b4 ll have a look , alright ?
