  just ... what ? 
  why are you changing the subject ? 
  what you are talking about now , is the rights of the _ child _ , like paying childsupport . 
  now you are talking about a father disowning his child _ after _ it is born . 
  in your original post , you were talking about about this :  the problem is that the woman has all the power in this situation . 
  if the man wants it and the women does not , she just has a abortion . 
  end of story . 
  if the man does not want it but the woman does , she just has it . 
  again , end of story . 
  in other words , the rights of bringing the child in the world in the first place . 
  you were talking about the inequality in pregnancy . 
  you were talking about how the issue is that the woman has all the power on deciding whether or not she will bring new life to this world . 
  now you are talking about how the father should have the right to walk away . 
  this means , like you wrote , that it would still be the decision of the woman ( meaning she can abort if she wants , she can have it if she wants ) . 
  are you talking about the `` issue '' that is the rights of abortion or the issue that is the rights of father _ once _ the child is born ? 
  because i really , really can \u00b4 t tell what you are trying to say . 
  these are two completely different things . 
  in your first post you complained about how the woman has all the power making the decision on the pregnancy . 
  do you want equality on that particular subject or do you want equality on concerning the child \u00b4 s rights once it is born ? 
  and what kind of changes you would like to make this `` issue '' more `` equal '' ? 
  how would you change it so the father has a choice too and it would be _ equal _ ( meaning both parties are respected ) ? 
   this is nowhere fair for the man i do n't think having periods for ~ 40 years of my life and giving birth is fair . 
  i would like to change this . 
  that is because my body is the one that creates life , not yours . 
  there is two ( 2 ) options in this whole thing . 
  either the mother or the father gets to choose . 
  there is absolutely no other way . 
  either it is a ) the father who can order another human being to carry his child , give birth to it and then give it to him , or then he should be able to force the woman to have an abortion . 
  or then it 's the mother . 
  can you introduce to me how you will `` equality '' in this situation please ? 
  how do you distribute the `` power '' in this situation ? 
  please tell . 
  tl ; dr : wanting rights to children before they are born and after they are born are different things . 
  the latter is not about abortion . 
  at this moment the part of the man is limited to cumming and parenting ( or for the unwilling , paying child support ) . 
  you want to stop it to cumming . 
  because abortion rights apparently remove the responsibility of having sex for women . 
  oh you removed all your messages . 
  alright then, 
  but sure as hell can punish the mother for them . 
  what do you mean for no reason ?? 
  scotland _ deserves _ that wall after all these years and i think it would be a really nice gesture of mexico to pay for it . 
   the same people who wanted brexit , want their respective countries to have the same vote . 
  whoa , what a casual and confident way to say something so heavy . 
  why this should be their business or concern exactly ? 
  they want to leave an union that is `` controlling '' them but at the same time feel the need to dictate how things are handled in other countries ? 
  don \u00b4 t you think that is a little bit strange ? 
  i remember a week or so after brexit there was an article how true finns want to leave eu ( which will never happen ) , and there was this one guy who is active in this sub going `` nothing happened to the economy , everything is great , you must join us now finns ! '', 
  just wtf ? 
  that kind of attitude has nothing to do with your own benefit , it \u00b4 s an agenda to destroy eu . 
  stay away from my country \u00b4 s politics if you just had a huge gesture of what you think of other \u00b4 s putting their noses in yours . 
   not with an uk that is playing turkey agains ' t the eu can someone explain this to me ? 
  just . . why ? 
  i understand they want the best deals etc for themselves , but this goes beyond that . 
  who benefits from this kind of behavior ? 
  and what ? 
   as long as russia does n't invade finland or the baltics and the danskj\u00e4vlar stay on their side of \u00d6resund we do n't really have an immediate need for a strong standing military . 
  excellent , not a mention of winland , the swedes suspect nothing . 
  everything is going according the plan . . hihi, 
   if policy is approved , approximately 4,000 18-year-olds of ** both sexes ** could be called up each year first sentence after title . 
  i really hope this would come to finland too . 
  not because i want to go the army in any way ( i would definitelty choose the civilian service ) , i really don \u00b4 t , but our current system is just so insanely _ unfair _ . 
  it is ridiculous we are one of the most progressive countries what it comes to the equality of sexes , but if you are born with a penis you are forced to go . 
  if you refuse , you will go to the prison . 
  for women it is optional , but you can quit if you don \u00b4 t want to continue . 
  i have few girlfriends who tried but gave up and only one who stayed and completed the whole thing . 
  it was really tough according to her ( but so it was for all my gay friends and my boyfriend too . . ) . 
  there isn \u00b4 t really any reason why we have to privilege to have one year ahead in school and working or just simply stay at home if we want to , and only because i have a vagina . 
  it was really sad trying to comfort my friend who is really sensitive and was scared to death going to the army and realizing i don \u00b4 t even have to think about it , since if it was mandatory for women too i would have been in his shoes . 
  oh and btw , reading these kind of things is kind of scary . 
  sweden used to be the `` model country '' which was used as an example on why we don \u00b4 t need mandatory service and here we are . . 
  seems like all the countries are making changes to prepare to something and it is really scary . 
  can we all just chill and get along please :( tldr : the system is stupid in finland , there is no reason why women couldn \u00b4 t go to the army . 
  protip : choose a righteous master and he might mercifully remove the chains so you can use the _ whole _ house !, 
  however please note this only applies during holidays, 
  just breathtaking , this is not really helping my craving to visit iceland asap . 
  we have those in finland too but personally i have never seen anything this beautiful . 
  what a nice story , i love reading about these kind of cultural differences . 
  you and your family sound like so much fun . 
   hey if you are one of those manly strong hunky viking guys who wear sweaters and still look hot , my grandmother has been worried sick that i wont find someone ( i just turned 21 . 
  she already thinks it \u00b4 s too late . 
  funny thing is that she married at 29 herself because she mourned her first fiancee for so long ) before she dies , so if things don \u00b4 t work out you know who to contact and we can arrange a fake marriage . 
  i just ca n't handle the cuteness , you are adorable . 
   oh no , you have uncovered my secret identity of ... nikolai ... whoever . 
  ... o.o what ? 
  i was referring to the russian who is behind the claims of our part in the siege . 
  you should know him considering how much you know about this subject ? 
   look , i think you know your part in it , finland encircled part of leningrad and therefore contributed to the starvation that happened in there . 
  why the fuck people are so sensitive about this basic fact is just a mystery to me . 
  i really don \u00b4 t , that \u00b4 s why i am asking you . 
  if it is a basic fact i am sure you can tell me more about it . 
   he started on about national conscience dude , if you are not trolling ( which i doubt ) , please check the message i replied to in the first place . 
  or go to your post history . 
  then think how constructive your presence is in this sub and who is starting what . 
  also i kindly recommend to grow a thicker skin if you plan on continuing that behavior . 
   at least we fought them instead of helping them ... 
  sigh . 
  i could answer to this , but i wont . 
  have a good day . 
  please , do teach me about our part in that .
