  stealing our tasty liquorice shots !, 
  the fuck , estonia ? 
  thought we were bros ? 
  fuck you !, 
  you 're out of the nordic !, 
  well good . 
  they erase themselves from the gene pool . 
  nice trap , switzerland !, 
  so ... doctors ? 
  papers tend to not say it was a suicide directly . 
   madeline mccann ... pretty girl she was 4 years old ... 
  yup . 
  a lot of soyuth american fans were n't happy . 
  i blame her argentinian husband-manager or whatever . 
  could be she was a diva before too though . 
  they did say she turned from a kind ` country girl ' to a greedy diva . 
  half the world is a shithole . 
  we ca n't take them all . 
  it is known . 
  wait ... is the granny drinking beer ? 
  they serve beer in a finnish burger king ? 
  eh , exaggerating much ? 
  there 's queus at first when a new place opens bug the novelty runs out quickly . 
  actually , are n't the copper benches true ? 
  they just removed the copper before use obviously . 
  never heard of such thing and even so nodoby uses bisexual when talking about hermaphrodites . 
  update your dictionary . 
  but would n't all the female hormones and less testosterone make them `` fruitless '' ? 
  [ at least they 're not from copper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_war_reparations_to_the_soviet_union ) . 
  some russian might burn their ass , 
  my k7ngdom for a cup of coffee !, 
  diversity is not a fucking strength . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  i interact with all kinds of people . 
  but diversity is not a strength . 
  it 's all just mumbo jumbo . 
  he was a wnhite cis-het male . 
  the teacher would 've told him to check his privilege . 
  `` everything is sexist . 
  everything is racist . '', 
  - regressive left, 
  farts ? 
  you 're correct , i czeched . 
  fuck this . 
  and ... 
  he has n't changed anything . 
  seems to me he does n't give a shit what gays do in their bedroom . 
   we also need serious talk about islam but that is for tomorrow . 
  we need it now !, 
  we should of had this years ago !, 
   why do you need immigration when you will have robots instead ? 
  ftfy . 
  robots will take a significant amount of jobs from us . 
  i have had a lot of great moments with young russians . 
  older russians , not so much . 
  hope the new generation takes over . 
  getting rid of putin 's web of spiders does n't mean giving in to the us and the west . 
  estonia is so 2016 . 
  they raised their alcohol tax . 
  finns are heading to latvia now . 
  and so are estonians . 
   european countries are growing more prosperous constantly you think money grows in trees ?? 
  these migrants are going to end up jobless , huge majority of them , they will live on wellfare using the country 's money and never bringing any money back to the country . 
  this is not what wellfare was designed for . 
  it 's not sustainable . 
  you bleeding heart lefties are fucking delusional and out of touch with reality . 
  nah , they ca n't be estonians . 
  well you savonian finns are frigging weird . 
  how dare you insult our national treasure ? 
  this . 
  if people think obama 's us was anymore trustworthy , they 're fucking idiots . 
  in fact it was much more untrustworthy with all the fakeness . 
  and he fell off a horse . 
  americans in a nutshell . 
  everything to them resembles trump 's presidency . 
  everything revolves around them . 
  everybody 's a hitler now , everyone 's a nazi somehow . 
  when you say `` hi ! '', 
  you sieg heil to me !, 
  ai n't no recovering from that when you 're 80 . 
  he might survive , but he ai n't recovering . 
  that 's gon na leave a mark . 
  money . 
  you sound like the kind of person whose children will end up eating only somekind of cardboard-looking protein cookies cause they 're allergic to everything . 
  relax . 
  it 's just a cat . 
  they tend to mention it though . 
  why are you so keen to defend some random guy on the internet ? 
  except when it 's shitty weather . 
  or there 's simply just no activity in the sky to be seen . 
  you do n't see the northern lights all the time . 
  and then chinese tourists get angry cause obviously somebody had pushed the on/off button . 
  this is the answer . 
  vasa = vasikka = snitch . 
  snitches get stitches , bitches . 
   back in 1890  finland was among the poorest nations in europe at that point . 
  this ice breaker is called `` vaigatsh '' . 
  it 's not finnish but it 's made in finland . 
  coasts -  ships -  trading posts -  jobs -  population -  cities -  more jobs -  more population -  bigger city -  more jobs -  more population, 
  never been more ashamed of our big brothers .
