  japan is kill https://youtube.com/watch?v=km6gcqhtxyq, 
  all the prostitutes were goats ? 
  meh , i 'm still waiting for saudi arabia to sue me for saying that they 're just as bad as isis . 
  they must of pussied out . 
  at least they 're not forcing their stupid music into everyone 's iphone . 
  merkel has no balls . 
  literally or figuratively . 
  angela merkel is a sheep and a shill . 
  you mean bohemia ? 
  it 's the economy . 
  not a great idea to make children when you have no jobs and future looks like a nightmare . 
  also the government has been cutting benefits from child families quite a lot the last few years ... they cut like 8 % last year and now they 're cutting a little more again ... 
  it 's yyuuggee . 
  top kek, 
  i do n't give a shit about people who are into polyamory , but it messes up the sex-ratio . 
  fewer people will have a partner . 
  and honestly , it 's the men who 'd get the short stick . 
  pomyamory is like 80:20 ( men : women ) . 
  women are much more open to share a partner that is attractive and does well in life . 
  they 'd in general rather be a number 2 to hugh jackman than the only one to mike whats-his-face . 
  it 's not gay if you do n't push back , right ? 
  i know . 
  it is a city though . 
  a very town-y city , but not a town . 
  it 's yyuuggee . 
   town called bruges there 's a town called bruges ? 
  is it near the city of bruges ? 
  that 's confusing . 
  that 's not that difficult really . 
  how so ? 
  to me it looks russia is gon na be in deep shit the future . 
  is n't that pretty much why they now have national guard . 
  the rulers are preparing in case the people start a revolt . 
  and poland is getting richer and richer . 
  maybe not a superpower ( depends what the definition is ) , but a big hitter for sure at least . 
  [ there 's german royals in britain  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_windsor ), 
  i guess some austrian . 
  it 's written in a germanic language . 
  we were n't even swedes to swedes . 
  we were just dirty finnish peasants to them . 
  i 'm so sorry for swedes . 
  i 'm already fed up with stupid salesmen calling me all the damn time . 
  unemployment keeps going up , it 's now 9,4 % . 
  also government just decided to raise all kinds of taxes and cut from education . 
  it 's getting grimmer every day . 
  old farts in the management who thought they were invincible and did n't listen to criticism . 
  they thought symbian was perfect . 
  they 're returning to mobiles as well . 
   just scandinavian pirates that 's a pretty damn big understatement . 
  a female booty would be sexist though . 
  not a very good ninja . 
  wearing dark clothes in the middle of the day . 
  and you 're supposed wear dark blue , not black . 
  lol , that will never happen . 
  rkp ( swedish speaking party ) will close all borders and exterminate all refugees in the name of b\u00e4ttrefolk . 
  so ... we own sweden now ? 
  danny , my man !, 
  well it would n't be the first time . 
  was it your grandpa ? 
  yup . 
  that 's why many finnish breweries are in tallinn . 
  he should meet us at the market square . 
  he will be in debt the rest of his life . 
  well clearly you 're just not hot enough . 
  sperm is alive too . 
  you have blought disglace to youl famiree !, 
  i hope burnie sandwich is the new king of burger town !, 
  pheasants are fine to eat . 
  idris elba as james bond then again ... there 's sean connery as james bond disguised as an asian man ... 
  i 'm using from now on . 
  it 's stupid . 
  why not use them when available . 
  traveled with onnibus on friday . 
  they have seatbelts so use them , idiot me ... 
  til we had colonies . 
  well drink some oil then ... 
  but where are you getting your d vitamin during the long dark winter ?? 
  stop them ? 
  for what ? 
  it 's a protest . 
  also because nobody wants to eat turnips . 
  they 're disgusting . 
  a foreign farmer in finland ? 
  never heard of such thing . 
  younger women , not little girls . 
  history does n't care . 
  it is what it is . 
  yeah , but that 's a completely different situation . 
  usa did n't have national identity . 
  they ( settlers ) molded theirs together and created a new country with a common language and common flag and common national identity . 
  and even for them it was not easy . 
  it 's completely different than forging already established countries with their own culture and national identity into a united force . 
  it will never work . . 
  no it should n't . 
  you `` europeans '' are the only ones who 've completely lost national pride . 
  nobody says they 're `` asian '' or `` african '' . 
  they 're mongolian and togolese . 
  nothing . 
  just a little revolt and civil war maybe . 
  no biggie .
