  just bulking , brah . 
  do you even hibernate ? 
  can a brainwashed person think freely ? 
  islam is not a race . 
  but the object itself is a tool of oppression . 
  six billion euro man, 
  except modern feminism bends down and lets islam buttfuck it . 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  only germans blame themselves and that is the reason for this whole mess . 
  get your shit together germany . 
  but the women do n't get 72 virgins . 
  so basically women would just be watching their husband fuck their 72 virgins while ... they get what ? 
  okay . 
  and next shall we meet the supporters of sweden 's far left ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1mymvfyhi0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij55kynro6a, 
  who in their right mind ... oh right ... was going to ask who in their right mind would convert to islam when it 's still patriarchal as fuck , but these women are n't mentally stable so the answer is ` no one ' . 
  is n't the bible itself pretty pornographic ... 
  what ? 
  i think german crime dramas are great . 
  is this a fucking joke ? 
  or did they create the earthquake ? 
  finland , canada of europe, 
  there 's nothing sentient about a fetus . 
  \\* checks flair * why are you not fapping ? 
   some muslims also feel the additional burden of having to justify and defend themselves and their community and point out their islam bears no relation to that of the violent zealots muslims should condemn these actions . 
  they 're the only ones who can stop radicalization . 
  you think some muslim kid is going to listen to a pasty faced northerner talking sense to him ? 
  he 's gon na listen to his mami and papi and his community . 
  these terrorists are your sons and daughters for fucks sake . 
  name checks out !, 
  `` you 're a loose cannon , anonymous !, 
  six months of undercover work down the drain !, 
  you 're out of the case !, 
  place your your badge and your gun on the desk ! '', 
  tortillat avataan !, 
  yay !, 
  oh that 4chan guy , so irresponsible !, 
  [ you mean ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p5qbcraxvk ), 
  google translates says = ` ana ` uhibb aljara ' well ... pretty much the same . 
  i was n't molesting those girls , your honor !, 
  it was just a social experiment !, 
  well this is two nations debating . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one is debating in sweden since the other parties do n't listen to sd at all . 
  not sure about denmark . 
  `` i hope we do n't have to work with sd '' and this is why they 're going to get even more voters . 
  fucking hell , swedish politicians must the dumbest there is . 
  stop calling him a mastermind . 
  his name is cumstain mcpigshit . 
   this is the right side of the history . 
  people in the future will judge that . 
   it 's 2015 and not the 1930s . 
  tell it to the muslims who beat up gay people . 
  it 's funny because people are posting plenty of incidents . 
  `` they killed cumstain mcpigshit ? 
  this makes me even more radicalized ! '', 
  guess what . 
  martyrdom means jack shit . 
  glad he 's dead . 
  that 's an insult to animals . 
  ca n't we just get rid of isis and get dodos back ? 
  yeah ... 
  even if he was at the gate it just sounds weird ... `` look at this guy !, 
  he 's a muslim but he did n't let the muslim terrorists enter the stadium !, 
  what a hero ! '', 
  seems a bit ... racist . 
  does he have steel teeth ? 
  you think schengen will exist next year ? 
  spotted the dutch ... oh wait , that was n't a stain, 
  yeah , but at the same time ... damn , they have got us on our toes : /, 
   and i do n't understand why you 'd need to recognize that when you can recognize the flag patch that is colorful and has `` croatia '' written with big letters . 
  because the patches are not used when you 're actually in a military operation, 
   militaries can spend millions to research best colors and patterns for their camouflages . 
  or just copy from others . 
  pensioners in lapland . 
  is the sky blue ? 
  do cows say ` moo ' ? 
  why not just nuke gothenburg already ? 
  lol . 
  was n't some old lady just imprisoned in germany for believing the holocaust is a lie ? 
  `` do n't make me angry . 
  you would n't like me when i 'm angry . '' - russia, 
  the amount of civilian casualties , in syria and europe , will only get worse if we do n't stop isis . 
  well most of them are in cities like helsinki . 
  there are no immigrants where i live , just finns and maybe a few gypsies and a couple of foreign partners of some finns . 
  and \u00c5land refused to take any refugees ... 
  9/11 was n't a lie or fake , but yes wmds were a lie to justify `` war on terror '' . 
  obviously . 
  they think women are lower than them . 
  weird , i 've been to brussels a few years ago , but i never even noticed . 
  like ... 
  i 'm not saying you 're lying , i 'm weirded out that i did n't notice at all . 
  or maybe i was in a different part of the city ... hmm ... 
  i would also say that being submitted by islam does not seem as nice as being a free woman in the west for many . 
  a muslim man in finland plotted to kill his sister because she was hanging out with her friends at night and `` bringing shame to the family '' . 
  fuck that . 
  and if the men stop following islam they will lose a lot of power and control . 
  they ca n't tell their wives and sisters what to do and they will actually have to work to get the attention of a woman that they will marry . 
  integrating to the western world means more equality . 
  something many muslim women want and something that many muslim men are afraid of . 
  why would pedro deport him ?
