  that train was n't going to stop that fast from 300km/h, 
  well so do native finns as well , but there are no fucking jobs . 
  so turn europe imto a shithole ? 
  right ... 
  do you even economics ? 
  there 's no jobs or money !, 
  well sweden has completely fucked up so comparimg sweden to any european country is pretty useless since they take more than any other country ... 
  immigrants are flowing from sweden now too ... 
  we just to give them a small burn , not roast them . 
  fuck empathy when it goes to stupidity . 
  we ca n't save everybody !, 
  empathy will just destroy europe . 
  `` if i go down , europe goes black . '', 
  - muammar gaddafi thanks , obama ... 
  ok , so why not four flags ? 
  this . 
  europe is just making things worse by accepting everyone . 
  it 's fucking idiotic . 
  what about the conf ... 
  i mean ... flag-that-shall-not-be-named ? 
  m\u00e9lange , not even once, 
  for example : we do n't have jobs for them . 
  you ca n't just plant random people to another country without consequences . 
  they have no jobs . 
  since they have no jobs they will turn to crime . 
  nothing racist about that , that 's how a huge population of people not having a job turns out no matter your skin color . 
  sad thing , but i got ta agree with jimmy . 
  europe is gon na have a big problem . 
  we do n't have jobs for these people . 
  no jobs is going to create crime and other problems . 
  this is just a huge fucking mess . 
  all just young guys ... even with the whole `` women are too weak to come '' bullshit this is going to mess both the country were they came from and the country where they 're going to . 
  there 's gon na be too many men in one country and not enough men in other . 
   do you suggest sinking the refugee ships or simply not saving them anymore ? 
  not sinking . 
  just send them back . 
  australia did it and it worked . 
  if we just let them come they 'll never stop . 
  we ca n't save them all , this is ridiculous . 
  pick one \\  isis soldier \\  human being have you seen what these monsters do to people ? 
  actually i believe it was someone from the hotel staff . 
  well apparently they were somalis so it 's true . 
  nah , there was no child molesting in this case . 
   finnish people say it in the same situation as english people say `` fuck '' . 
  nope . 
  that 's just scraping the surface . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  well he is pretty high . 
  i see dead people . 
  this was done in may . 
  a lot has happened since . 
  sicily is autonomous and they have a different flag ? 
  just like \u00c5land , but they also have a cross in their flag . 
  depends what multiculturalism means . 
  i do reject some aspects of other cultures that go against my moral code . 
  abuse of women in islamic cultures , genital mutilation , honor killings , halal , kosher etc. 
  are not okay . 
  i do n't give a shit if they 're part of some culture . 
  human and animal abuse is not okay . 
  i 'm fine with foreign food , music and art etc. , but there are bad things in some cultures . 
  stupid sexy hitler, 
  cute . 
  waving the white flag once again , france ? 
  we do love coffee . 
  coffee should be our national drink . 
  i 'm actually making myself some coffee at the moment . 
  gon na pour some coffee in my coffee cup soon . 
  yum yum yum !, 
  coffee . 
  we finns sure love coffee !, 
  you guys got it all wrong . 
  medvedev was the president back then . 
  putin was the prime minister . 
  poland was visited by the president . 
  well that 's because putin was n't president in 2010 . 
  what about it ? 
  finns are one of the best in speaking english . 
  or go study in vaasa . 
  i know a dutch who speaks better swedish than i do . 
   please , finns , give me a jerb !, 
  we do n't even have jobs for finns , genius !, 
   doubtful . 
  there 's young people who still 100 % believe that other eu members are foreign countries . 
  what ? 
  they are . 
  algae, 
  how the fuck is it diversity ? 
  diversity to me is people of different races and religions interacting and living with each other . 
  not forming their own little communities . 
  do n't know much about [ the new guy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_c._adams,_jr . 
  ) , but [ bruce oreck ] ( http://is11.snstatic.fi/img/978/1288628993142.jpg ) was a pretty cool guy imo . 
  they 're also the only party that thinks immigration politics are flawed and the people seem to agree with them . 
  the people want what the people want and sometimes you got ta side with the devil . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  shitty immigrant politics hurt immigrants too since they are blamed for the actions of misbehaving immigrants as well . 
  i 've seen plenty of people on facebook with middle eastern ethnicity ( second or third generation since they write 100 % fluent finnish ) demanding law breakers who are immigrants getting deported . 
  those people are hurting their reputation . 
  they just want to live in peace here , study , go to work , live with us with no conflict . 
  `` i 'm a lannister , suck my cock ! '', 
  how is dany clearly good ?
