  they were friends !, 
  because they want to be martyrs . 
  they want to be recognized . 
   oh i bet is is shitting themselves now . 
  well actually some are saying this attack is a proof they are shitting themselves . 
  they 're getting more desperate . 
  did n't they just lose an important military base or something ? 
  well he did get shot for it . 
  were n't eodm outside the building when it happened ? 
  what i mean is that it 's sickening and heart breaking that dead bodies are considered mild because there 's more horryfying stuff available in the depths of internet . 
  humans are pretty damn sadistic creatures ... 
   i think when people hear `` nsfl '' they think very graphic scenes . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  the fact that dead bodies are considered mild in any way because there 's much more horryfying stuff in the internet is pretty sickening imo ... 
  now i 'm even sadder ... 
  i wish i did n't find out : ' /, 
  so the refugees who come now will give birth to children and their grandchildren will become radicals like these terrorists . 
  well then not my problem ... / s, 
  more importantly ... this situation is putting our own countries in risk . 
  why danger our countries ? 
  where would people run then when our countries are war zones as well ? 
  we should help people in the source , not import the problems here . 
  there 's been plenty of talk that many fires have started because the immigrants do n't know proper fire safety measures ... 
  where are the benefits of that ? 
  people seem to think we 're so technologically advanced , but i do n't see it . 
  everything is ancient here , because our ceos and leaders are dinosaurs . 
  i had a symbian nokia . 
  it was shit . 
  when dead bodies are `` mild '' ... 
  this dead baby joke is n't funny at all . 
  sweden is a goner . 
  if you find a rat from your kitchen you should blame yourself . 
   finland is very technologically oriented what does it matter ? 
  i do n't see the benefit of it . 
  nobody buys our shit . 
  we are fucking dreadful in marketing . 
  there are no popular world wide brands here . 
  except nokia and they fucked everything up . 
  just compare us to sweden ... 
  nokia is n't dead . 
  it just had a little rough time . 
  they 're coming back . 
  so what ? 
  how is it any different from westboro baptist church ? 
  just point at her and laugh . 
  i see no problem here :|, 
   they could provide shelter , that would be a start . 
  most of them would just bitch and moan , because it 's not as good as germany . 
  it should be swedenstan, 
  noooo !, 
  stop this madness !, 
  shut down everything !, 
  kindergarten ... no wait , that 's the other way round ... 
  orange is the new black, 
  lol , i do n't know where i got the idea it was reverse . 
  but still ... are they afraid there 's going to be terrorist attacks in egypt or something ? 
   no karhu beer good , yuck . 
  i 've only been in sweden inside a ship drunk as fuck . 
  never set a foot on sweden 's soil . 
  you 're being downvoted , but at least in finland there 's a huge problem with antidepressants . 
  they 're given to fucking everyone as a solution for their mental problems . 
  burnout ? 
  here , take anti depressants . 
  ca n't sleep ? 
  these will help . 
  doctors have been criticized , but it still happens . 
  i 'd love to be a lumberjack , that 'd be okay . 
  i 'd sleep all night and i 'd work all day . 
  seriously , every dictionary states that feminism is about focusing on women 's issues . 
  i do n't understand why should they leave . 
  the bomb was planted in russia if it was a bomb . 
  it just happened to blow up while in egypt 's air space . 
  multiculturalism is the reason there 's still riots in the us, 
  oh well pardon me for not wanting to support a group of people who do nothing , but steal and live on wellfare . 
  many of them are linked to organized crime . 
   and angry birds nokia , yes . 
  lol , most people are surprised it 's still a thing . 
  [ merkel the siren ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/files/2015/09/cover_120915_landscape.jpg ), 
  many people have said this government wo n't see christmas . 
  they sure as hell might be right . 
  this has been a huge fucking mess right from the start . 
  nahrain is doing the same . 
  they 're trying to fund a huge mosque that would be built in helsinki . 
  even muslims in finland think it 's not a good idea , because bahrain is politically close to saudi-arabia and they 'd bring salafism to finland and create more tension between shias and sunnis . 
  d\u00f6\u00f6d . 
  icelander hooks up with someone on tinder ends up being cousin, 
  we have to go ~ ~ deeper ~ ~ hotter !, 
   finnish government protecting a kidnapper of a russian child eh ... are you a russian troll ? 
  the child was robbed by the russian mother first ... 
  arrest me now !, 
   that 's part of their job . 
  lol , who gave them a fucking job ? 
   we won the war ffs eh ... 
  lol wtf are you even talking about ?? 
   all people should be treated equally , no matter where they were born , and where they end up living . 
  lol , that 's not how life works . 
  we ca n't throw money to everyone . 
  economies would collapse . 
  you 're fucking naive . 
  this is actually limited to citizens .
