  car industry is shrinking ... once driverless cars hit the market car industry will take a huge dip down since we wo n't need as many cars anymore . 
   it looks very totalitarian if we were to rip them all away from each other to spread them out over europe according to quotas on a grid it 's either that or they 're all gon na go to germany and sweden . 
  good luck with that , neighbor . 
  yeah , i do n't trust the people who try to integrate these people into our society . 
  we do n't have enough people or resources to teach them . 
  this will all turn into a shit storm ... 
  agreed 100 % . 
  why bother ? 
  they 're just gon na throw all your stuff away and go to germany . 
  this . 
  you want more dead babies ? 
  telling refugees that they 're free to come here will get you more dead babies . 
  close the borders and help them closer to home . 
  letting all the refugees to come here to die in trucks and drown in the mediterranean sea is fucking idiotic . 
  and unsustainable . 
  white , black , brown , blue . 
  i do n't care . 
  if you rape someone i 'd gladly hang you from your balls . 
  same goes for female rapists . 
  expect hanging from tits , i suppose . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  500 out of 500 muslims . 
  the other 500 were not muslims . 
  are you saying statistics do n't ring a truth ? 
  why do we even do polls then ? 
  it 's the same in finland . 
  our punishments are fucking laughable ... 
  it 's not the eu 's fault they 're coming !, 
  lets stop the boats then and close the borders . 
  there wo n't be a reason to pay thousands of euros to smugglers when traveling to europe is futile . 
  because they 're actually doing what they 're supposed to do . 
  they do n't want to go there since they do n't get social benefits and have to actually work their asses off . 
  yet european media keeps shaming europeans ... stop this fucking white guilt ... 
  well then ... better save money for my hugo boss suit !, 
  they are n't complaining about anything else , but the fucking tents . 
  tent or death ? 
  tent or death ? 
  [ you 're right . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_sweden#situation_in_malm.c3.b6 ), 
   where are all the women and children ? 
  in the bottom of the ocean . 
  winter is coming . 
  i better seek refuge from southern europe , i might freeze to death if i 'm stupid enough !, 
  [ i 'm sure he 's welcome to watch the match ] ( https://youtu.be/3z4xlbvyce4?t=15s ), 
   not really . 
  russia 's strategy there was pretty much to roll over them with overwhelming and indiscriminate force that 's always russia 's strategy . 
  `` wait a minute ... this is n't the black sea !! '', 
  lol , nobody is denying catholics are bunch of pedos . 
  shitty argument , dude . 
  i guess you did n't visit it\u00e4keskus shopping mall in helsinki . 
  it 's basically somalia . 
  even our former prime minister alexander `` multiculturalism is a richness '' stubb recently said so . 
   the only way they would stay in eastern europe is by force , and that 's what 's truly inhumane . 
  yeah , way worse than staying in their war torn homeland . 
  save us russia and all is forgiven !, 
  again . 
  argentina ? 
  lol , learning proper german in 3 years ? 
  you 're forgetting the fact that robots are taking our jobs . 
  yup . 
  also robots will take away a lot of jobs in the near future . 
  every time one person is saved a countless number of people areborn to poverty . 
   until the mongols came and fucked everyone in the asses . 
  genghis khan did most of the fucking though ( \u0361o \u035c\u0296 \u0361o ), 
  culture sure , everything else is bullshit . 
  we used to burn witches and fight holy wars . 
  now we have gay marriage and freedom of religion . 
  the bible did n't change , society progressed . 
  and she was n't even attractive in reality . 
  til nestle is run by cats . 
  they will enslave us all . 
  `` no immigration '' true finns are not against work related immigration . 
  if you say anything against current immigration situation people immediately brand you a racist . 
  so fuck you , i 'm so fucking fed up with this bullshit . 
  first crisis and eu melts down . 
  * finlandized , finlandizing * to cause ( a country ) to accommodate its foreign policy to that of the u.s.s.r. as in order to maintain its autonomy, 
  this is the problem . 
  i 've never had problems with refugees coming here , but this is getting out of our hands . 
  it 's just too much . 
  it will create huge problems . 
  not nearly as much as you do , but we do n't want to follow your example . 
   aka : francisco rodriguez , ben dominguez , francisco dominguez , rogelio morales , rogelio lopez morales , rogelio mendoza morales , rogelio ramirez , johnny rodriguez , roger rodriguez , francisco sanchez , javier zuniga , chino eat your heart out , p diddy or whatever you call yourself these days . 
  except refugees from sweden are now spilling into finland ... 
  there is no jobs !, 
  `` some '' ? 
  snap back to reality . 
  `` some '' ? 
  europe is facing the biggest flood of immigrants and refugees ever . 
  i hate racist , but you idiots are living in some fantasy land where everything is fine and dandy . 
  even women are rarely raped in the alley since most rapes are committed by people they know . 
  or women should n't dress like sluts ? 
  tell that to people , i dare you . 
   although if you had the choice , would you rather flee to turkey/jordan or europe ? 
  well i 'm an atheist so what the hell do you think ? 
  in finland they ask questions like `` how was the weather in x ? 
  '' / `` what is your route to work like ? 
  '' / '' what 's the situation in x like ? '', 
   its not like nazism is on the rise in germany umm ... 
   or the deep-frying type will do watch out , scotland !, 
  he was bleeding on him , that 's helping , right ?
