  mostly left wing people living in cities think it 's outdated . 
  yeah , they 've integrated . 
  they have to integrate . 
  if they 're not eilling to integrate they 're doomed . 
  perkunas and perkele , they 're linked in some way . 
  perkunas was a thunder god , right ? 
  so was perkele ( ukko ) , pretty much finnish odin/zeus . 
  [ you mean the un ? 
  perrrfect, 
  lets all just call you viro https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viru_valge, 
  eh , even iran is n't that great ... 
  they force gay people to sex change surgery for example ... 
  he goes over board . 
  he 's not liked in finland at all though i do n't think he gives a shit . 
  he 's a murican to us anyway . 
  http://i.imgur.com/2r8z94w.png guess who 's quote that is ? 
  in finland bars and night clubs offer a blanket for people when they go out for a smoke . 
  it 's actually pretty refreshing . 
  you know , going outside for a while . 
  not smoking . 
  night club fire ... vampires ... guys , is this ` jennifer 's body ' ? 
  really ? 
  assad could become a puppet . 
  we can make meat in labs though . 
  surely soon we 'll be able to grow veggies in a lab . 
  but do n't eat soylent green . 
  fuck the king 's guard . 
  fuck the city . 
  fuck the king . 
  yeah well sometimes those psychological assessments are ignored . 
  finland is freeing a serial rapist-murderer next year who has sat in prison for 19 years . 
  they 're however trying their best to deport him back to somalia , but there 's the possibility that he ca n't be deported and he 'll be roaming the streets once again looking for another teenage girl to rape and kill ... 
  it 's absurd . 
  this is n't even his first sentence ... 
  well he 's a rapper . 
  they get shot all the time . 
  yeah , lets just forget it and let him go . 
  he 's just a child rapist . 
  [ [ triggered !, 
  surely they do ? 
  how else will they find out if there 's construction zones on the road they 're taking ? 
  we do n't have data caps in finland . 
  easter and ? 
  besides we already have easter when kids dress as witches and beg for candy . 
  they do n't need any more candy . 
  get off my lawn !, 
  artificial skin . 
  they can grow human tissue in labs . 
  l'or\u00e9al has a 3d printer that prints skin . 
   royal family guy http://media.giphy.com/media/nomzmrlvcowto/giphy-facebook_s.jpg, 
  lets close borders then . 
  they 're not drunk hooligans . 
  they 're the same people who beat police horses with hockey sticks on our independence day and break windows . 
  the kkk guy wss a drunk hooligan as well ? 
  we have problems with both far right and far left . 
  how do you make a gay guy fuck a woman ? 
  - shit in her cunt . 
  finland is about to free a serial rapist ... though they 're trying their best to deport him , but still.it 's insane he even gets a chance ... 
  mmm ... fine . 
  i do n't mind actually . 
  yes . 
  the ira and kkk were also founded by muslims / s, 
  i 've watched skins too . 
  germans do n't have humor . 
  how about both are threats ? 
  and this immigration crisis is only creating more neo-nazis . 
  or they want to improve public transport = less cars on road = less accidents . 
  trains are great for long distance , not short . 
  they 're not completely comparable . 
  their arsenal is taken from troops funded by the us, 
  you must feel like stanislav petrov, 
  neither is the mask . 
  that only happens for max one month and then most of them give up . 
  both equally depressing . 
  and it 's a the smiths song . 
  if only the kids had ~ ~ knives ~ ~ swords as well this would n't have happened !, 
  sad . 
  yes . 
  surprising . 
  but at least he died with a sword in his hand . 
  yeah , i hope the current people in charge open their eyes before right wing takes over . 
  i love how a few weeks ago sweden complained to us about closing the borders and `` not being compassionate '' . 
  now they 're doing the same . 
  spreading the joy of democracy !, 
  see , you never know these days . 
  one proofs this , one proofs that . 
  where 's your proof ? 
  you called them assholes , but i do n't think they care . 
  how dare you insult our national sport !, 
  dunno , was n't it also proven that the guy was a member of a terrorist group ? 
  to the market square !, 
  any minute now ... we 'll be right there ... no need to hurry ... soon ... we 're just a few ... umm ... we 're getting there ... 
   gender triggered !, 
  hans , have you looked at our faces recently ? 
  they 're skulls . 
  hans ... are we the baddies ? 
  `` oh god !, 
  what have i done !? '', 
  52nd ( uk is 51st ), 
  they must be small .
