  and how many lgbt people are killed by their family for `` staining the family honor '' ? 
  everything has an end day ... 
  that angry birds movie sequel though . 
  yes yes , ab is a rovio game , not supercell . 
  not really . 
  rents are pretty high . 
  i wan na feel the breeze on my balls , from the ac of a mall . 
  freedom !, 
   redanalcavity commieasshole !, 
   obviously something like the burqa is a non-starter . 
  oh you just wait ... 
  you know ... 
  i think i 'm slowly turning into a believer . 
  well technically they mean the same since usually a castle was the city . 
  burg means castle in german and there 's plenty of x-burgs there . 
  towns formed around castles and those towns turned into cities . 
  this would be ready in maybe 15 years , best case scenario . 
  and i do n't believe we 're gon na get the best case scenario ... estonia 's price range is most likely gon na go up , they 're developing fast . 
  if i understand correctly even rent prices are rising . 
  estonia is not going to be cheap for us forever . 
  yes , male dominated culture . 
  fatsos wearing bikinis because `` ef your beauty standards '' . 
  nobody is stopping them though . 
  banning the burkini is stupid though , but it is a tool of oppresdion really . 
  when a muslim woman is forced by her husband to stay at home and not work , it 's just freedom of religion . 
  if a white man does it he 's a piece of shit . 
  honestly , both of them are pieces of shit . 
  if you ban him from twitter we have a deal !, 
  we sent them a sturdy letter to tell them to cut it out !, 
  at least she bleeds red , white and blue . 
  who gives a flying fuck about usa ?? 
  usa where peeing in public lands you into the sex offenders list ? 
  usa where death penalty is a thing ? 
  usa where the media lies 24/7 ? 
  usa where politics is run with money ? 
  fuck usa . 
  `` but officer i do have clothes . 
  they 're just see-through . '', 
  wish we had this movement in europe as well http://nytlive.nytimes.com/womenintheworld/2016/07/29/men-in-iran-post-photos-of-themselves-wearing-hijabs-in-protest-of-strict-laws-governing-women/, 
  yes , lack of education . 
  if it 's a tool of oppression , sure . 
   stay home . 
  that 's not what we want . 
  we want them to not stay at home and work . 
  you know , integration ? 
  and peeing in public turns you into a sex offender . 
  you really wan na start this , murica ? 
  they do that a lochte . 
  that 's not needed . 
  just do n't invite them inside . 
  bleugh !, 
  nothing to see here . 
  just immigrant gangs having a giggle . 
  carry on . 
  weed . 
  the answer is weed . 
  because they force gays to change their gender ... 
  iran forces gays to be trans even if they 're not ... 
  democrats and republicans are backed by big corporations and mainstream media . 
  there 's no way the other parties can compete with them . 
  us politics is fucked up . 
  and many wish not to wear it and their family will kill them because they `` stained the family honor '' . 
  i see plenty of muslim women covered head to toe following their husbands , plenty of muslim women who never work cause they 're not allowed to by their husband or family . 
  true . 
  the mods do it for you here . 
  you mean roseng\u00e5rd ? 
  it 's not like whole malm\u00f6 is a mess , but some neighborhoods . 
  it would make more sense if raping men would be considered rape . 
  yes . 
  and estonians are second and they 're basically our little brothers , right ? 
  we are the master race !, 
  even western and eastern finns are different though . 
  westerners are usually fairer ( lighter skin , blond hair , blue eyes ) while easterners are usually darker ( darker complexion , dark hair , brown eyes ) . 
  jari litmanen is the poster boy of eastern finnish people while kiira korpi has definitely a lot more western finn in her . 
  they 're immune to justice . 
  so yes , as much vengeance as possible , please . 
  sometimes peoplemanage to lock themselves inside a bag in a bathtub and suffocate . 
  i mean , these things just happen . 
  that 's actually what i meant but could n't explain it in english . 
  i meant that the humidity just sits on plastic and metal . 
  government is cutting funding from education . 
  wez getting dumb . 
  meanwhile , more funding for refugees ... 
  a building made out of timber is not going to mold as easy as more `` modern '' buildings because wood lives and breaths and does n't collect humidity like plastic and metal , i believe . 
  you 're not allowed to nude at the beach . 
  unless it 's a nudist beach . 
  we ` renot that free after all . 
  you do n't get pearly white teeth just by going to the dentist . 
  you guys bleach your teeth . 
  why did he eat his mixtape ? 
  cucumberdick, 
  that would be ironic . 
  english blood , irish heart , this i 'm made of there is no one on earth i 'm afraid of, 
   him you 're talking out of your ass , morgan . 
  i just do n't understand how it 's voted as one of the most beautiful cities in the world year after year . 
  it 's kinda meh . 
  i 've been in paris during the lowseason . 
  was n't that great then either . 
  rude people and homeless roaming the streets . 
  how is this picture pro russia ?
