  shiiiit , things are looking more and more severe . 
  just watched the news and saw syrians in turkey who had been severely injured by russian bombings . 
  i am a human being even though i am very critical about the current situation and how things are handled . 
  seeing a syrian man who lost both of his legs and a little child who lost sight from both eyes brings a tear to my eyes . 
  and if russia keeps bombing shit down who knows how many more syrians start heading to turkey 's border . 
  we really need to help turkey built more refugee camps at the border , we ca n't just shove everyone to turkey like dust under the carpet . 
  but is n't that what the leftist media and police want ? 
  [ `` well , in summer there 's fishing and fucking . 
  and in winter ... the fishing is bad . 
  stop being such a partypooper , ger-lame . 
  shit is a substance . 
  do n't forget middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man killing his wife , children and himself . 
  these guys are still around ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  quick google search tells me it 's a splinter group . 
  the ira died in 2004 . 
  there 's also a `` real ira '' group . 
  never mind the oppression !, 
  we got pea soup , yay !, 
  well even internally is n't the us getting more and more divided ( black lives matter , safe space mumbo jumbo , pro-life vs pro-choice , anti gay marriage vs pro gay marriage , etc ) . 
  though do n't know what obama or anyone else could do about that . 
  it 's very likely he will never trust brown people again . 
  neither will his family . 
  and thus more racism has been born . 
  the circle is complete . 
  to be fair ... 
  prostitution is pretty dangerous . 
  you think prostitutes would even ... serve ... refugees ? 
  that 's even more dangerous . 
  they might have more diseases and might be very much against using condoms . 
  i do n't have to sell my soul . 
  he 's already in me !, 
  i do n't need to sell my soul . 
  he 's already in me !, 
  i wan na be a door !, 
  i wan na be a door !, 
  a dooooooooo-ooooooooo-ooooooooor !, 
  but he 's a ` beaver ' expert \\* nudge nudge * \\* wink wink * ( \u0361 \u2609 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u2609 ), 
  or maybe it was the vegan extremists ? 
  he does n't have direct power , but he does have influence . 
  lol , our interior minister said half a year ago that questioning the motives of refugees is racist . 
  but i 'm from a line of farmers after farmers after farmers :(, 
  yep . 
  no milk or honey . 
  just snow and yellow snow . 
  please return your nordic card , immediately . 
  saudi arabia will go up in flames . 
  [ camps you say ? 
  umm ... what the fuck is going on ? 
  he is already pumping up us , the majority , and giving us a voice . 
  we are the middle ground . 
  we are the ones who are fed up with right wing spouting racism and the blue-eyed left wing that thinks everything will turn out just fine because of make-believe . 
  uncontrollable migration is not sustainable . 
  it is destroying the eu . 
  we ca n't help anyone if our economy plummets . 
  we ca n't help anyone if our culture takes a blow . 
  this is not how we save the world . 
  edit : or to be fair ... 
  i guess teemu sel\u00e4nne was the first one to get us going . 
  because niinist\u00f6 will definitely win 2018 elections if he runs . 
   i doubt if sdp and and left alliance had been in the government with the green league that this part of the crisis had been dealt with that differently it would of been dealt way worse . 
  just look at sweden . 
  he 's getting my vote if he 's running in 2018 . 
  and lets be honest , do n't think anyone could compete with him . 
  he 's definitely the most liked and respected politician there is in finland . 
  even though that 's not much said when you look at the buffoons we have right now ... http://www.finlandtimes.fi/national/2016/01/10/24094/niinist%c3%b6-still-favourite-as-next-president, 
  this . 
  yeah . 
  if jews have so much power why the fuck are they leaving europe ? 
  if they have so much power why are n't they stopping the harassment of their peoole ? 
  if enrique iglesias did n't lose any fingers i 'm sure the eagle will be fine . 
  soviet union will never fall - paavo v\u00e4yrynen , `` emperor of finland '' in 1990 . 
  helsinki is under water . 
  seems like everything will be in order . 
  all the leftwing multicultural latte drinking hipsters will be dead , 
  jet fuel ca n't melt marble beams !, 
  and some uprisings against sweden as well . 
  anglos in general are the worst . 
  brits , aussies and americans . 
  they think they own the fucking world . 
  i 'm more old school https://youtu.be/m7mn3nhxqmg, 
  it must be flooding . 
  it 's mostly the lower class men who 'd be in trouble . 
  a female doctor would n't wife an immigrant with absolutely no chance to support her ever . 
  you 'd be putting your whole career into waste . 
  of course there are some white guilt idiots who 'd do this , but they are thin in the air . 
  no sane man would date a heroin addict either . 
  why 'd you put yourself into a situation like that ? 
  that person would be nothing but a weight to you . 
  people who are equally matched are more suited for each other . 
  on the other hand racism is more common in lower classes . 
  so yeah , i do n't think swedish men have to worry about immigrants `` stealing their women '' . 
  i 'd be worried about rapes though ... 
  was it really though ? 
  i remember people were saying it 's becoming a feminazi utopia . 
  even before the whole immigration crisis sweden was going over the top in political correctness . 
  so ... a finnish movie ? 
  levottomat 3 is prettu much a soft porn . 
  but to be fair so is every other finnish movie . 
  not a proper finnish movie until you see samuli edelmann 's barenaked ass cheeks .
