  she 's just like my abuela !, 
   molenbeek who would of guessed ? 
  orwell is a fucking prophet :(, 
  i do n't see how `` uncle tom '' is a left-wing word . 
  are n't a lot of blacks religious and conservative ? 
  lol , i think they 're trying to spread to finland too . 
  two cops in civ clothes asked a rapper 's mother and sister for id because of immigration control . 
  they refused and were handcuffed . 
  they then tried to sue the cops saying they spat on them and said racist things about them and never showed their badge . 
  eyewitnesses said there was no spitting or racist shouts and the mother and the girl were acting rude and cop showed his badge . 
  there was a very small but loud protest afterwards i believe , not much headlines about it . 
  i think it was in 2013 when cops shot 6 times the whole year and i do n't think any of those shots lead to a death . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  we have those professional victims here too . 
  that shit is spreading to finland now . 
  and the party leader was complaining about `` mansplaining '' on twitter ... 
  the only good thing about them is that if they gain any support they 're just gon na take power away from the left , lol . 
   plus its easier for a white dude to shot a black dude ( and viceversa ) because empathy . 
  umm ... 
  excuse me , what ? 
  obviously . 
  no need to move because of people with pitchforks . 
  no headlines . 
  business as usual . 
   i do n't understand this rationale . 
  black people commit more crime -  more situations with cops involved -  more possibilities of a shooting with cops and criminal no one is saying it 's cool or ok , but either a criminal dies or the cop . 
  blm 's problem is that they 're supporting black guys who were obviously in the wrong and a cops life was in danger . 
  michael brown attacked the cop and was shot cause of that . 
  that smith guy had a stolen gun that was allegedly pointed at the black cop . 
  korryn gaines was a sovereign citizen nutcase . 
  i think some of the cases are nasty though , like tamir rice , those cops were idiots . 
  but there 's no fucking manhunt going on towards black people . 
  blm supports every black person even if he 's guilty . 
  just like black people supported oj even though we all know he 's guilty as fuck . 
  unless of course that black person does n't agree with them . 
  then he 's a `` coon '' or an `` uncle tom '' . 
  no one is saying that . 
  of course there is . 
  if people who are black commit much more crimes that means there 's more situations with cops involved and that means there 's more situations where the situation ends in a shooting . 
  actually they do more harm to black communities . 
  look at chicago . 
  august was the deadliest month in 20 years . 
  that 's like 1000 a stroke . 
  that sloth do n't give a fuck . 
  what is this barbarism ? 
   scandinavian triggered, 
  the fuck is that link ? 
  do you even know how to internet ? 
  fucking spineless little bitches . 
  fuck erdogan and fuck merkel . 
  because you 've erased yourself from existing . 
  you are your face . 
  one of the first things babies learn is recognizing faces . 
  if you cover your face you do not exist . 
  i do n't know you . 
  i do n't how you 're feeling , are you angry , are you sad , are you happy . 
  are you a friend or are you a threat ? 
  i do n't know because you 're hiding your face . 
  there 's even a frigging disability that prevents you from recognizing people 's faces . 
  the fact that we , humanbeings , have evolved to have a facial recognizion system in our brain says quite a lot about the importance of faces . 
  and muslim women who cover their faces do n't mingle with other people any way since they are n't allowed to do anything by themselves . 
   nokia 8200 's phones for all !, 
  i 'm okay with this !, 
   or maybe close mcdonald 's across europe ? 
  please do . 
  i prefer our own buger companies . 
  and burger king . 
  besides mickey d has n't made a single dollar in finland . 
  it 's a nationwide commercial . 
  yes , uk is us 's little pet dog , it is known . 
  well at least you would n't get gang raped . 
   i do n't think any muslim french citizen would ever pick up a stone and throw it on a non-covered woman . 
  why ? 
  a young muslim here was plotting to kill her sister for not listening to her brother and being out late with her native friends . 
  he also plotted to kill his mother if she protected the girl . 
  the americans who come here tend to be the better ones . 
  not the hillbillies , white trash , hoodrats , conservative christians , and all the other unwanted people . 
   soon yeah soon , like min 15 years , most likely way more . 
  chinese tourists are not the same people as the ones who come to work . 
  the ones who move to europe are most likely already quite westernized . 
  tourists are often old people . 
  unless you 're fernando alonso . 
  or it 's based on people 's opinion on the syrian war . 
  media used syrians to get sympathy from people but hardly any refugees are from syria . 
  i am personally sceptical towards refugees . 
  syrians are a group of people that i feel are in a need of asylum . 
  yeah , cause chewing gum is from the states and the stereotypical yankee is always chewing bubblegum . 
  legends are not history . 
  lithuania ? 
  that dog 's name ? 
  nina . 
  til . 
  i do n't even know any supercell games . 
  other than clash of clans . 
  who even plays that anymore ? 
  and they 're not even finnish anymore ? 
  do n't get where the money comes from then . 
  pakistan does n't really punish you for `` honor '' killings . 
  that 's not moderate ... 
  good .
