  conservatives in the us do . 
  except when he disagrees with them . 
  then they say he 's just an old fool . 
  for a pope , he 's actually pretty good . 
  i like him . 
  a little . 
  of course it 's all just a plan to bring the church closer to the people to lure them back ... but yeah ... whatever . 
  back in fall , or maybe summer , they said that nothing has changed , there 's no rise in any crime or sexual assault . 
  then crimes and sexual assaults started to leak under their cover and they slowly started to admit that there is some rise in crimes and sexual assaults . 
  now we are told that they have actually known for ages that sexual assaults have been on the rise ... 
  mostly western european countries . 
  eastern european countries are n't afraid of being called a racist . 
  they might cover up some other subjects , but not criminal immigrants . 
  but yeah , uk covered up pakistani rapegangs . 
  then there 's germany , finland , sweden , austria , at least . 
  this . 
  many of the bigger newspapers are biased by left , then there 's mv-lehti and others who are right wing . 
  there 's hardly any reliable newspapers . 
   yle , a lot more credible news source you 're making me laugh !, 
  politicians know jack shit about normal people 's lifes . 
  they 're not affected by this , they have no idea . 
  they live in a fucking bubble . 
  well usa 's immigration laws are miles better than europe 's . 
  you screw up ? 
  you get the boot . 
  that 's how it should be until you 're a citizen . 
  then you have the privilege to rot in jail with the rest of us if you screw up . 
  what i mean is , it 's stupid to open arms to everyone . 
  good people are free to stay , but why should we care of people who make our country worse ? 
  we have our own lowlifes . 
  you think they 're bad , but they kicked out a founding member who said that women who have sex with men are gender traitors . 
  she was too radical for them . 
  later she became a rector of the university of the arts helsinki ... luckily not for long . 
  of course not . 
  just close your eyes , put fingers in your ears and sing `` lalalala '' and they will all disappear . 
   gary , indiana hahaha !, 
  gary !, 
  gary ? 
  hunh ? 
  gary ? 
  how i met your chancellor . 
  `` that 's news to us . '', 
   poor white americans feel like nobody else gives a shit about them . 
  they 're not wrong though . 
  she made a plethora of enormous mistakes . 
  that 's like 4 % of all policemen in helsinki ... for one group . 
  compared to rest of europe finland has a very low amount of police officers per capita . 
  welcome to neo europe, 
  really though ? 
  people should keep on doing things like eating corpses , cannibalism , tying women 's feet ? 
  there 's plenty of negative cultural aspects that should just die away . 
  besides by the time we have managed to combine all cultures into one we 'd be exploring space already . 
  aww ... misleading thumbnail . 
  i thought they finally arrested merkel :(, 
  [ so does this mean russians are taking a `` vacation '' in finland again ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6em8ervncg ), 
  asians and africans hardly know anything about europe 's history . 
  just like i know nothing about africa 's or asia 's . 
  babe , i really want you nowww  i ca n't , i have no condoms my parents are n't home  ... 
  you 've apparently never been in thailand . 
  in thailand there are no schedules . 
  and meetings start when the `` oldest '' person arrives . 
  and he/she is never on time . 
  studied for a while there ... it was maddening ... in europe students are late , in thailand it 's the teachers ... 
  not surprising when you do n't even understand danish . 
  it 's just a prank , bro !, 
  spotted the guy living in helsinki . 
  the city that is grey 365 days a year . 
  never heard of this tradition . 
   http://www.santaclausvillage.info, 
  that 's his vacation hut . 
  try to take over the world ? 
  that 's what jagger said ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it 's wikipedia . 
  yup . 
  save me , tom cruise !, 
  christmas triggers me . 
  * less strict rules * income inequality ( people with spare money will treat a dog as a family member , for a poor the dog is an unnecessary mouth to feed ) * more food sources and shelter in the cities ( open trash cans and abandoned buildings ) i think comes down to that . 
  more poor people , more stray dogs . 
  more money means you can support a dog . 
  stricter rules about owning a dog and vaccination and such as well . 
  and at least in finland there 's no places for stray dogs to live in the city at least . 
  there 's no abandoned buildings for them to sleep . 
  also no food . 
  trashcans ca n't be opened by dogs . 
  i mean ... 
  i 've been to paris ... people just threw their trash to the street . 
  i would n't be surprised if france has a stray dog problem as well ... and rats . 
  that does n't happen very often so i think a lot of guys would be suspicious . 
  if they can think with their real brain . 
  would n't it be more helpful that you could talk to men who are there to help and keep you save ? 
  i mean , i 've never been raped so i do n't know , but sheltering yourself from all men could backfire and make you bitter . 
  i mean , i had a pretty bad breakup and was bitter as fuck , but luckily i have a lot of female friends and i could talk to one of them to make my stupid mind realize all women are n't like my ex . 
  i call homophobes and racists stupid . 
  why ca n't i call these guys ? 
  everything is possible if you 're hard enough . 
  they should be taught about their rights , yes . 
  and i mean , the same classes would work since they will learn that they have the right for independence , they have the right to not be touched by some low life man . 
  and that their husband ca n't force them to do anything and they can get help from the police . 
  i remember reading about some sex ed class in finland and it was stated that you could see `` hope '' in some women 's eyes .
