  spreading islam is their goal . 
  dark times ahead in europe . 
  why did n't it care before this whole fucking crisis started ? 
  out of sight , out of mind ? 
  pfft . 
  what are they going to slap each other ? 
  sweden in war , hah !, 
  where the fuck is europe 's balls ?!, 
  we should be planning invasion in syria and kick isis 's ass !, 
  i wish winston fucking churchill would rise from his grave and get this shit done !, 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  these are no leaders !, 
  they 're clowns !, 
  a joke , just a huge fucking joke !, 
  i 'm no pro-war kind of guy , but we ran out of options !, 
  surely we can manage 160 000 refugees . 
  i mean 220 000 refugees is n't that much . 
  if we share all these 280 000 refugees between europe we can take it . 
  all these 320 000 refugees need our help , people !, 
  maybe he 's swedish ? 
  yes . 
  they are idiots . 
  are you implying a huge flood of immigrants does n't create problems ? 
  he said germany is not changing it 's mind , but in sweden sd is gaining more and more support and they 're the only party that is against their current immigration policy . 
  why is it taking syrian refugees then ? 
  no , lets not ignore them . 
  fuck the albanian and kosovar !, 
  it irritates me that the media only talks about syrians . 
  sure , lets help syrians , their country is legitimately in chaos . 
  so thats like what ? 
  about 200 people currently in finland ? 
  iraq ? 
  what 's the situation in iraq ? 
  no idea , media does n't talk about it . 
  is n't the country pretty safe these days ? 
  they 're having an election next year ? 
  and albanians can just fuck off !, 
  we 've got more russian refugees than syrians !, 
  are all the russian refugees gay ? 
  well nyc is one huge trashcan . 
  i 'm assuming so because i do n't trust we can intehrate this many . 
  finland 's economy is shit . 
  we 've had to cut down funding , there 's not enough people working in immigration , not enough police officers . 
  also it 's fucking idiotic to let these people all live in one place . 
  they will never learn the western culture when they only hang around with each other . 
  i think the integration system is very flawed . 
  we need to built a wall - 700 feet tall made of solid ice . 
  winter is coming . 
  nice ~ ~ jewish dad ~ ~ mother merkel joke, 
  but he 's not black . 
  yes . 
  you 're so fucking stupid ... 
  yes . 
  whole fucking europe hated jews . 
  but guess what ? 
  we do n't anymore . 
  we advanced . 
  gays ? 
  same thing . 
  guess who have n't advanced to this stage yet ? 
  our new `` guests '' . 
  merkel is an idiot . 
  just for israel ? 
  that 's because in the us you have to work your ass off or else you 'll live under a bridge . 
  getting raped by other men http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/25/rape-violence-syria-women-refugee-camp, 
   western culture is the reason they come in the first place . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  from whom ? 
  our politicians ? 
  they are . 
  that 's why a syrian refugee lied to our prime minister that he 's 17 when in fact he 's 20 years old and has been traveling all across europe because `` he was in danger '' . 
  fucking economic tourists . 
  yup https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shbd1dfv2r0, 
  it 's a civil war . 
  there is no country to fight for . 
  also ... we men are just supposed to die for everyone else ? 
  i do n't know ... companies are kicking people out left and right . 
  unemployment keeps on rising . 
  if you do n't mind working 2 times a week for 6 hours as a cleaner then come ahead ... 
  africa is going to derail into full chaos thanks to climate change eventually . 
  we 're not talking about just millions ... we will see europe 's death ... 
  sanders is definitely not a populist . 
  he has talked about the things he 's talking about now for ages . 
  he was for gay rights 40 years ago . 
  no , you ca n't into nordic , silly estonian . 
  is it really though ? 
  can confirm . 
  people of turku have brains the size of a pea , everyone outside of helsinki live in caves and there 's only reindeers in lapland . 
  and have you heard of that jack the ripper guy ? 
  i mean ... merkel !, 
  merkel !, 
  they are n't . 
  why else would they go germany ? 
  they were already safe from war in turkey . 
  now they 're just being economic migrants . 
  and if they turn their coat again i will fucking riot . 
  fuck the eu . 
  bomb those fuckers to dust already !, 
   refugees are those who flee because they fear death or violence against them . 
  what 's to fear in hungary ?
