  finland mentioned . 
  finnish singer managed to come second in uk x-factor and half the country went crazy . 
  this pleases the record labels . 
  `` exactly 3pm , you say ? '', 
  eastern finns have more russian influence are `` darker '' while westerners have more swedish influence . 
  then there 's the sami people . 
  mom 's . 
   they , clearly , helped the election of trump . 
  in france , the pro russia candidate ( fillion ) has win the conservative primary . 
  le pen , the pro russia candidate of the far-right is funded by poutine . 
  or maybe not . 
  trump and le pen both are critics of current immigration situation and are populists . 
  fillon was the least unpopular candidate . 
  sure candidates like these are good for russia but they donvt need to be funded when people like them anyways . 
  lol , what do you know , american ? 
  we 've had plenty . 
  comparing trump to any of them is an insult to our grandparents and ancestors who jave suffered under crazy regimes . 
  trump is s fucking girl scout . 
  somebody call a witcher !, 
  no briberies , just tradition . 
  there 's no corruption in finland / s, 
  pillu ku pillu , kuha saa . 
  more trump for me then , please . 
  this guy is an idiot . 
  i see no problem here . 
  no meat until sunset ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  huhtasaari is pretty much sarah palin . 
  huhtasaari is pretty much sarah palin . 
  huhtasaari is pretty much sarah palin . 
  wrong , wrong and wrong . 
  except if you have a finnish teleoperator , then tough luck . 
  at least we do n't have caps on internet use . 
  all months have something to do with farming or nature in finland . 
  toukokuu = sowing month , elonkerjuu -  elokuu = harvesting month , maa ( = ground ) -  maaliskuu = snow is melting so you can see the ground . 
  helmikuu = pearl month , during wet cold nights icy pearls form in the ground . 
  marraskuu = from the words marta/mort , death , everything dies cause of the cold . 
  december used to be talvikuu ( = winter month ) now it 's joulukuu ( = yule month ) . 
  in the us it 's called a `` peaceful protest '' . 
  they were of immigrant background . 
  living in isolation with people of the same ideology . 
  cops were belted with stones and bottles in molenbeek when they went to arrest the paris terrorist . 
  it 's not just the terrorists that are a problem . 
  there 's a massive amount of passive terrorist supporters as well . 
  these terrorists do n't just appear suddenly , they 're slowly brewing in their own communities . 
  what stops current refugees from isolating and forming their own communities ? 
  that 's the biggest concern we should have . 
  it 's easy to be left when you 're young cause you do n't need to pay for anything or think about consequences . 
  money just grows in trees . 
  when you get older shit gets real . 
  i thought the young generation were more conservative ? 
   will le pen stand down if she loses ? 
  she 'll come back next election and will be more powerful . 
  i have little faith that macron can change the current tide . 
  i doubt anyone can . 
  eu is going to shitter , people do not want open borders . 
  for le pen losing now is better in the long run . 
  she will turn a lot more people . 
  hard times tend to make people turn to radical solutions . 
  we do n't live in a bubble , every action has a counter reaction . 
  they drown at sea cause human smugglers send them off in shitty rafts so the lucky ones will be transported to europe . 
  these organisations are enabling human smugglers , they are part of the human smugglers plans . 
  stop rescuing people and the smugglers will have trouble transporting people to europe which in turn lowers the amount of people trying to use this route which in turn lowers the amount of people drowning in the fucking sea . 
  the people coming here are in no way or shape capable of replacing our dying workforce . 
  lack of skills , language , education . 
  you 're out of your mind . 
  tough luck . 
  i was n't just born here , i am part of europe . 
  born and raised . 
  you ca n't just move people from one place to another and things will be better . 
  shitty places are shitty because of shitty people . 
  nah , just super secular . 
  and lutheran . 
  we do n't need bling bling and fancy paintings . 
  that 's for catholics and orthodox . 
  it 's in tampere . 
  it looks like a fish from the sky . 
  just learn swedish and you can speak norwegian and danish back home when you 're hugging the toilet . 
  kusi palaa = piss is on fire, 
  parrot , parrot , parrot dies . 
  my moon ? 
  no , i think it 's your moon that is on fire . 
  southern hoes are pretty hot though . 
  i wonder why there 's less prisoners ... could it be that they get a slap on the wrist ? 
  no ... could n't be ... 
  i mean , it 's not like have a serial strangler-murderer whom fbi lists as a serial killer walking free among us and who was `` suprisingly '' once again caught plotting strangling a 17 year old girl !, 
  hahaha , lol ... oh wait ... 
  ` whites ' executing ` red ' war prisoners during finnish civil war . 
  it 's a sad taint in our country 's past . 
  and , sadly , yes this is real . 
  the coin has already been cancelled after about an hour after it was published . 
  huge backlash from all sides . 
  scumback artist is happy he shocked people . 
  they deleted it from the site . 
  all they wanted was attention . 
  pretty low ... even the left wing ( well , li anderson at least ) is calling this a disgrace . 
  so another `` better than clinton/trump . '', 
  ca n't we just ... 
  i dunno ... have a revolution of somekind ? 
  cause it seems all of our politicians are just utter rubbish . 
  this .
