  we need to have an agreement with iraq that we can return them back to safe areas in iraq . 
  i knew it !, 
  merkel is an alien . 
  some iraqis have said finland is a horrible place and they 're returning to iraq ... 
  moldy bread gives you a better singing voice . 
  or so i 've heard ... 
  i 'm still waiting for a thank you card from africa . 
  also reports that crime around reception centers is on the rise . 
  harassment of teenage girls , beating each other and innocent bystanders . 
  and the food they were complaining about is the same we feed yo our children in school . 
  one of them called it `` dog food '' . 
  caution is fine , but there is no caution . 
  yes , that `` terrorists on a train '' story was stupid , but we need middle ground !, 
  that 's why the right wing and nationalists are getting more radical and bigger . 
  the media keeps sugar coating everything and swiping bad things under the rug . 
  only recently , at least in finnish media , we 've been starting to hear about brawls , rape and crime . 
  transparency in media is important . 
  people have ways to find out more about the situation than before , there 's more media . 
  when people realize they 're not told the whole truth by the mainstream media it pisses people off . 
  bush started it , obama let it go on . 
  well animals do fuck their siblings . 
  you 're right !, 
  and the cavemen used to decapitate people in the name of the sun !, 
  and dolphins . 
  humans are deceitful . 
  most people are fucking assholes . 
  where the fuck does this idea that humans are good by nature come from ? 
   not treating coming muslims like potential terrorists and making people notice they 're decent human being just like you and me that 's the fucking problem . 
  right is shouting `` terrorists !, 
  '' , left is shouting `` poor little children ! '', 
  there 's no fucking middle ground in the conversation !, 
  there will be rapists , terrorists , extremists and there will be poor little kids and family men . 
  it 's fucking naive to just let everyone in and not prepare for shit to blow up . 
  you do n't open your arms to people you do n't know , but you do n't shoot them in the head either . 
  they have to show you that they 're worthy of trust . 
  refugees from crimea are deported back to ukraine , because there 's no war in the whole country . 
  afghanistan as a whole is not a war zone . 
  there is now . 
  also about the rapes in germany . 
  the sheeple media is starting to open it 's eyes . 
  oh i blame merkel for a lot of shit . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  obviously not !, 
  no one is saying so !, 
  but there will be a lot of them and a lot of problems will come and nobody is doing shit about it !, 
  there 's already forced prostitution in at least one german refugee camp !, 
  why the fuck did n't the people who run this whole fucking mess not see this happening !? 
  not every man is a rapist , but i 'm not surprised women are scared when walking alone at night . 
  [ `` the truth ? 
  '' ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/igsxoxgpxft3o/giphy.gif ), 
  hick . 
  forest folk . 
  drunk . 
  swede . 
  [ does n't matter how people try to insult us . 
  i just do n't give a damn . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5raqxg0idfi ), 
  300 years ago . 
  russia puts pressure on us now . 
  sweden has n't violated our airspace , for example ... 
  so you 're one of those people who is surprised that there 's gon na be winter in finland ? 
  again shitloads of drivers in helsinki were surprised that winter came again and crashed their cars . 
  it 's so sneaky . 
  perkele , you are right !, 
  their name says it all . 
  i think note 7 just proved it 's not a great idea . 
  thought you were talking about finland . 
  a known muslim leftist crybaby agitator made up a racist attack . 
  claimed she 's pregnant and was attacked by 10 racists . 
  maybe influenced by that real case . 
  video proof shows she 's lying and was agitating people at an anti refugee protest . 
  i 'm glad things are pretty damn calm here , except the youth from both sides is apparently agitating each other now . 
  and two refugees killed a finnish guy , the first case like this . 
  and a former police commissioner is saying the asylum seekers are forming gangs in refugee centers, 
  hey there hotshot  ) ), 
  horse sized pole . 
   `` real '' poverty , like starving people is more or less unheard of in germany . 
  are you saying there 's no homeless people in germany ? 
  lol . 
  not here . 
  imagine if the roles were reversed . 
  the fucking outrage . 
  it 's okay to bodyshame a man on prime time tv but a male comedian making fun of a woman like this would of been burned on stake . 
  but stockmann !, 
  finlayson !, 
  finland was built by immigrants !, 
   because it is spanish culture so should we just let all `` cultural things '' just be ? 
  gay marriage was not part of western culture . 
  but glad it is now . 
  is stoning rape victims okay ? 
  it 's culture . 
  arranged marriages . 
  culture . 
  genital mutilation , of both genders . 
  culture . 
  that 's ... pretty fucking sad . 
  i prefer apps like feedly . 
  i follow multiple news sources . 
  porn industry is n't doing that well . 
  there 's no money in the business cause people do n't buy porn anymore when you can fap free on pornhub or xhamster .
