  have you ever seen their knives ? 
  i thought it was paint ? 
  we live under a dome , people !, 
  yeah . 
  actually democracy is broken because all the other parties are leaving sd out of debates . 
  but zombie strippers :(, 
  life , uh , finds away . 
  depends who you 're asking from . 
  you think that 's crazy ? 
  the original word for a lion was * noble deer * ( jalopeura ) . 
  are you an american ? 
   yeah , i 'll start a campain for women to stop shaving their armpits , legs and intimate area . 
  the feminists started that like ages ago . 
  we used to have a chocolate candy named nigger 's kiss ( neekerin suukko ) a few years ago . 
  now it 's just a kiss , but it still has pictures of africans . 
  ah , this one is called `` mom wakeup '' ... oh . 
  we shall call it ... bielefeld !, 
  project x ? 
  shut up , meg !, 
   but 66 percent of the population is catholic how did they get this number ? 
  i belong to the church like many finns , but i 'm an atheist . 
  though i 'll probably leave pretty soon , because of church tax and the fact that i 'm not getting married anytime soon for a church wedding if the bride so demands . 
  if things are done the same way in spain as in finland that number is nowhere near the real number of catholic people in spain . 
  hi ho , neighbor . 
  i 'm just testing my maracas . 
   in fact id say that most immigrats come to the smaller towns and suburbs sure . 
  but they wo n't stay there , they want to the big cities . 
  you mean like philadelphia ? 
  yeah , but ... you 're canadians . 
  they have n't even done anything wrong ... 
  this is the right way . 
  paedophiles are n't bad people until they actually do something to a child . 
  there 's been gay pride marches in iran , at least, 
  there was a story in finnish tabloid about one refugee crossing the russian border with a children 's bicycle . 
  the russian border guards were laughing their asses off . 
  or `` you will have sex with me or i 'll unveil this very personal information to the public '', 
  it 's definitely not that common ... 
  or maybe because women are n't taught not to hit as much as men . 
  boys are a bit aggressive in their youth , we might wrestle and fight . 
  do n't hit each other we 're told . 
  i mean ... if you even slap a woman you 're immeaditely worse than hitler , but women can slap the fuck out of you and nobody bats an eye . 
  just look at all the social experiments . 
  women are allowed to hit according to society . 
  we 've known all along , brother ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  is n't afrikaans pretty similar to dutch ? 
  he 's a jew though . 
  hillary ... left ... what the fuck ? 
  did n't you know the nazis fled to the moon so germany owns the moon now . 
  the final solution ? 
  can you blow my whistle , baby whistle , baby here we go \u00d7 whistling \u00d7, 
  but there 's no proof he was going to sell it . 
  [ yes ] ( https://static.ylilauta.org/files/yl/orig/s3g8oi6h/q91nrpycykrr3ieqmtgz.jpg ), 
   if you are a normal person and do n't puke on the street oh , nevermind . 
  so ... nothing . 
  heh , has n't / r/sweden banned threads about politics ? 
  like bacon whiskey in usa ? 
  i want my pizza to taste like pizza and my alcohol like alcohol . 
  meanwhile finland is considering banning tobacco ... oh , and they still see nothing wrong about high alcohol taxes . 
  here , take our money , estonia . 
  and weed ? 
  dear lord !, 
  that 's the devil 's flower !, 
  even one injection can kill !, 
  finland , what the fuck are you doing ? 
  yeah , little arabia far away from german civilization . 
  that 's a great idea , what could go wrong ? 
  did they use airplane food ? 
  that 's cruel !, 
  goddammit ... one neighbor is fucking stupid and the other one is obsessed with war . 
  sure , immigration has always existed , but it changed the country and population slowly over a span of decades , fucking dumbfucks . 
  not in a goddamn year !, 
  sweden is off the fucking rails . 
  and nokia will be able to return making mobile phones next year if i remember correctly . 
  fucking idiots ... and i 'm an atheist ... 
  refugee xxx : a porn parody i have no idea why 'd it be funny though . 
  poor children . 
  indian food is great . 
  just had some yesterday . 
  i think the stereotype is that most people from asia are hard working people . 
  most european , american and indian people have made a contract before they move to finland so they have a low unemployment rate . 
  in fact indian people 's unemployment rate is lower than finnish people 's unemployment rate . 
  others come here and then look for a job . 
  the rape news from india might alarm some . 
  i however feel that the people who come to work here are not as threatening since they tend to be more educated , westernized and not poor . 
  nobody really talks about indians . 
  nothing negative or positive . 
  but it 's a good thing imo . 
  that means people do n't have a problem with them and they 're doing a good job . 
  edit : oh yeah , and the new ceo of nokia is indian . 
  so if he does a good job when nokia makes it 's return i 'm sure india will be in the spotlight and it will be good publicity for indians . 
  even assad is better than a never ending civil war . 
   but that doesnt make them devil too . 
  doed it not ? 
   according to johan backman , a finnish human rights activists : ddddddddddddddddddddddddddd, 
  well mother theresa was a fraud . 
  she wanted poor people to suffer so she could convert them to christians . 
  seems like janzon is a big fan of planes . 
  funny thing is von rosen actually joined the nazis , but we used the blue swastikas before the nazis did . 
  he was the brother-in-law of g\u00f6ring . 
  soini , our foreign affairs minister and leader of true finns , is working on it .
