dem bezels ... such a waste . . 
  they ( oneplus ) said that only way to order the phone is through their own website so ... ( they just said that in their reddit ama few hours ago ), 
  edit : here it is, 
  q : there are some websites that are pre ordering the phone like http://liaow.com is this for just the home region or is this false information, 
  a : false , you will only be able to buy the one from our website . 
  ( source : http://www.reddit.com/r/oneplus/comments/24x15o/oneplus_postannouncement_ama/chbj7gs ), 
  the qhd version is not out yet , only the full hd . 
  ( find 7 = qhd , find 7a = fullhd ), 
  plastic , snapdragon 801 , not ip67 ( , no fingerprint scanner ) ... not impressed . 
  unless this wo n't be premium priced i 'm still considering oneplus one, 
  made of plastic ( even though claiming to be premium phone , i 'm looking at you samsung ) , no ip67 , no snapdragon 805 ... plenty of compromises in my opinion . 
  if this is going to be premiumpremium priced 900 $ there is no way i 'll buy it . 
  luxury priced phone made of plastic lol . 
  well plastic build and snapdragon 801 are still major setbacks . 
  only thing that separates them from competition is laser autofocus and qhd screen which might backfire on them because of battery life and not being supported . 
  ( and the fact that qhd is n't necessary ), 
  oh crap , that 's right . 
  i read your message wrong . 
  but still for 900 $ it 's lacking too much features . 
  even if it is priced 600 $ it has couple of things that will separate it from the competition and one can backfire on them ( qhd screen ) by draining battery life or left unsupported . 
  presentation by lg and real life performance are two very different things, 
  qualcom said that first device with snapdragon 805 would come in may and i was really hoping for lg g3 . 
  nowi 'm fearing that lg will board the `` prime '' train with htc and samsung and release metallic and snapdragon 805 version . 
  i can already feel it slipping from my fingers onto the floor, 
  why not post this to opo forums ? 
  have you seen those forums ? 
  i think everyone hates this phone now , look at their facebook , google + , forums eveyone is giving them crap . 
  `` quantity over quality '', 
  i would love to get an invite . 
  good luck to all !, 
  this is going to get huge  _ , 
  oneplus one, 
  astro black and white available for 479 $ . 
  ships early july . 
  ( students get 10 % discount ? ), 
  z3 probably out by then  _ , 
  how long did it take befor they came to eu ? 
  imo new members should be required to get 10-20 likes before you can make new threads . 
  what makes it the f ? 
  looks exactly like s5 , only speaker grill is chrome instead of black . 
  i think it comes with replacement sim tray . 
  white opo has white sim tray and black has black . 
  he is probably probably a billionaire for selling all those materials to make poison in vanilla, 
  smooth launch, 
  i 'm propably too late but i 'll ask anyway . 
  does nationality affect your chances of getting in as a foreign applier ? 
  for example does finnish applier have higher chance than german ? 
  how can you not remember the answer to these questions ? 
  '' what street did you grow up on ? '', 
  did you really forgot the street name ? 
  i wonder if he has played world of tanks ? 
  watching tv too close harms your eyes . 
  the \u00c5land islands, 
  they also said they would make tab for tabards back in wotlk  _ , 
  the first batch of broadwell m-chips is set to be available in devices from october . 
  the higher end broadwell chip will be available later next year . 
  i doubt that this will work \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  no one because it 's not allowed . 
  captain belinda, 
  third time 's the charm, 
  pierce brosnan will always be james bond, 
  can confirm , i 'm a finn too and never heard of this thing . 
  about the mis-information part , op is saying that iphone 6 is having bending problems but it seems like only the iphone 6 plus is having them . 
  i think they do n't use the type-c because european parliament has ruled that manufacturers must use the micro-usb for european devices . 
  even apple has to switch to micro-usb for european devices by 2017 . 
  / r/personalfinance, 
  / r/investing, 
  when character is thirsty and only drinks one sip of water . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  my exchange semester ends on june 20th . 
  i hope they do n't close the borders before that  _ , 
  still part of the three commas club, 
  economics 101, 
  tl ; dr supply and demand, 
  [ businessman saeed abdul ghafour khouri shelled out 52.2 dirham , which equates to more than $ 14.2 million to purchase a license plate with the number one . 
  ] ( http://www.therichest.com/luxury/most-expensive/dubai-auction-most-expensive-license-plates-in-the-world/ ), 
  can you renew the gold plating ? 
  and would it be expensive ? 
  how are you ? 
  regards from finland, 
  you can parallel park without reversing with front steering , if it is possible to go over the curb ( which is illegal ) . 
  in this case ferrari would be too low for that . 
  if you do n't parallel park often this way is much easier and quicker , but you need to make sure you do n't hit anything . 
  [ businessman saeed abdul ghafour khouri shelled out $ 14.2 million to purchase a license plate with the number one . 
  ] ( http://www.therichest.com/luxury/most-expensive/dubai-auction-most-expensive-license-plates-in-the-world/ ), 
  are they constantly making eye contact with you ? 
  because if its threatening behavior to them , should n't they look away from your eyes , so really they ca n't even see if you are staring into their eyes ? 
  i got this mechanical chronograph made by rodana watch co ( now known as rodania ) from my grandpa few days ago . 
  i do n't know very much about it and i could n't find that much info from googling . 
  so i would appreciate if somebody could help me out . 
  my grandpa only said that it might be from the 1950s and that he got it from america . 
  i have to ask if he knows more next time i see him . 
  the watch still works and so does the chronograph but its second hand resets to position in the pic ( 55-minute mark ) . 
  case is 36mm in diameter , from lug to lug it 's about 45mm . 
  according to info i gathered from other forums , the movement might be landeron . 
  i know the pics are not the best so here are all the writings that are on the parts :, 
  - on the back it only has text 2987a, 
  - inside the back cover it says row by row : rodana watch co , swiss made , gold filled , warranted , 10 years , 20 microns , 1233 and then it has gravestone like symbol with p mlb . 
  - movement has texts : unadjusted swiss , seventeen 17 jewels and rodana watch co. 
  overall i like how the watch looks , but there is one thing i dislike .
