  if there were a eu team . 
  against whom should we play ? 
  it is prefect how it is now !, 
  integrate europe - but leave different teams . 
  it 's fun , 
  i 'm going to watch it with erasmus students . 
  prob . 
  some dutch around there . 
  everyone supports a different team , drinks beer and stay friends . 
  it will be fun !, 
  thanks , jonisaurus !, 
  sometimes i wish i could double-upvote , 
  stupid bullshit - germans do n't want to have a bigger country or be responsible for more people ( mostly because they would have to pay extra ) . 
  @agnosticpope i personally prefer giving franconia to czeck , before speaking about annexation, 
  i know about the cultural diversity in france , but the question here is economical and political . 
  does it make sense to estimate the gdp of a subsection of a country ( as it is done for the usa ) ? 
  in this context germany is way more federal than france . 
  some evidence : french roads are orientated towards paris , while german roads form a net . 
  the tgv connection between dijon and strasbourg last year was almost a revolution  http://www.map-of-france.co.uk/road-map-of-france.htm http://www.maps-of-germany.co.uk/road-map-of-germany.htm german institutions are spread in the country ( government is in berlin , the biggest stock market and airport in frankfurt , the suprime court in karlsruhe ... ) in france all national institutions are in paris . 
  culturally it is a different question . 
  as i said in the beginning , i know about the different traditions e.g. 
  culinary art in france . 
  nevertheless i have no idea , how to compare it to other countries and it 's probably stupid to do a competition on that , 
  you are absolutely right . 
  and in the graph : germany should have been divided into different states . 
  bavaria plays in the same league as austria . 
  but i 'm not sure , where to stop , or how to make the graph better . 
  france does not have too much federal elements , while the uk could be split up as well into england , wales , scotland and north irland . 
  it is the wrong word ... actually more a private meeting and a chance to talk seriously about visions for europe and the future , without the fear of indiscretion . 
  when holland is clever , he will laugh about it and supports the spd campaign next year . 
  in foreign policy you are traditionally neutral in elections and you always support the one in charge independently of his political party . 
  in germany we have a federal system with several social-democrat and several conservative states . 
  they are mostly grouped by partys , support each others campain and occasionally attack the opponent gouverneurs . 
  as european decisions are becoming more important in domestic politics , the national governments are about to change their relationship . 
  merkel is supporting the conservative candidate due to camp mentality . 
  thanks for the hint - next time i 'll put the provocative part into a comment , 
  this schr\u00f6der issue is a different question . 
  all politicians can promote examples - and germany is profiting tremendously from his legacy . 
  fun fact : schr\u00f6der 's archetype was tony blair , as the prototype of modern labour , but this role model got damaged , due to the different positions about iraq war . 
  but the problem here is , that merkel wants to influence french politics directly . 
  her disdain for hollande is disrespectful . 
  it will strengthen all stereotypes , that germany wants to rule europe . 
  it is a short-sighted decision , like most of merkel 's government ... and maybe that 's the true schr\u00f6der legacy : we got a stronger economy , but a bad follow-up government ... 
  i do n't think this one-sided support is helpful for sarkozy , merkel or the french-german relationship . 
  her obvious disdain for holland is a unique decision . 
  shortly before the election she should allow the most important candidates - at least - a short private `` audience '' ( do n't know a better word right now ) and a friendly foto for the press . 
  i also consider this as an important change in european relationship ( european politics becomes more domestic , than foreign character ) i do n't understand why this article got downvoted , that much . 
  do other redditors think it is unimportant - not worth to discuss ? 
  correct . 
  open document formats are more important , than oss . 
   4 ) instead of being supported of microsoft , they need to find local people who is competent in linux and open source , which is more expensive and harder to find . 
  munich planed the step of migration , years ahead . 
  companies can gain the competence in oss support within the period . 
  it is also a nice way to support local business . 
  nice one , 
  figures in tables sounds dangerous ... have a look at subfigures next time . 
  there is a fixed rate in serbia ? 
  straight forward : - for european taxes you need a parlament . 
  it would be great to use the eu-parlament ( but only if all members represent countries in the fiscal union ) - if you accuse another country to have bad budgeting you need an executive power to do so ( eu commission ) - and if there are any arguments , you should have a court , as a final instance . 
  d'accord in that specific case . 
  but i 'm also seeing , that media is transporting different views in each country . 
  people discussing here , without having the same sources and defending mostly the position of their country . 
  i 'm surprised , that it works mostly fine . 
  what website is this ?!, 
  italy is against ftt , so i 'm offered to send a message to silvio berlusconi . 
  obviously no one maintains this website for weeks - why does it get posted ? 
  it 's not about protecting industry but using eu institutions . 
  should a fiscal union create a new court and parlament ? 
  or using the old institutions and the british mps have to leave on certain decisions . 
  dear uk : - if you just want access to the market , welcome to the eea , - if you want to be in the fiscal union , but not the euro : welcome to the eu - if you want to be in the euro : welcome there - if you do n't want to have border control : welcome to schengen . 
  no one is forced , but the uk is welcome in any european club . 
  just let us know . 
  great article . 
  sums up my concerns about obscure back room negotiation instead of using european democratic institutions . 
  a fiscal union should be part of the entier eu . 
  a mp should represent the entier union and not just his country . 
  maybe it is time , that the uk joins the eea and leaves the institutions to a fiscal union , that really needs democratic control . 
  i fully understand your arguments , but they could have been part of a compromise . 
  according to people attending the negotiations , the british team was poorly prepared and not willing to negotiate . 
  the reason , why i posted this blog article , was , that i offered me an explanation for cameron 's actions . 
  why did they he had no other countries on his side ? 
  why were they not willing to find a compromise , that met the needs of the euro-zone as well as the fear of too much regulation ? 
  to make a compromise every now and then ? 
  that 's , how politics should work in every country . 
  but is that difficult to keep at least some allies in eu ? 
  not necessarily germany or france , but ... any other country . 
  when sakozy became president , he was seen as a small berlosconi . 
  putting the `` show '' over the politics and deflecting the important issues ( hadopi ) by boulevard ( carla bruni ) . 
  but he gained lots of reputation during the euro-crises . 
  other parts of french politics tent to get ignored . 
  e.g. , when francois hollande spoke to the spd-congress in germany it was not mentioned by german zdf-journal ( major news ) , but a big issue in france 2 20h . 
  most germans have n't heared about the germanophobie debate in the ps . 
  and marie le pen is a topic . 
  the european media has n't forgotten the 2002 french presidential election . 
  a pitty that we stuck with merkel . 
  the article is quite right . 
  schr\u00f6der , kohl , schmidt would have taken the chance to explain the crises to the nation and to deepen the european integration ... 
  this only worked , because the currencies were already bounded . 
  with a d-mark germany could n't have lowered their wages , because exchange rates would have been immediately adapted . 
  so the article have n't missed the point .
