  so for example i would be an 8th generation immigrant or something like that, 
  well i do n't know what to tell you because that 's what it means ...  first-generation can refer to either people who were born in one country and relocated to another at a young age , or to their children born in the country they have relocated to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigrant_generations ... and usually it 's the latter definition, 
  ukrainian is basically the same as russian, 
  the term `` native american '' is a misnomer which refers specifically to descendants of the population that lived here at the time of european arrival because it was n't pc to call them american indians . 
  the know nothing movement was originally called the native american party and it was a sort of white supremacist movement in the 1800s so the term is very ambiguous but someone who is born in the us is considered native -- we just do n't use the term native american because it 's confusing, 
  i based it off [ this list ] ( http://www.gosugamers.net/counterstrike/rankings ) . 
  as i said , i do n't watch esports but judging by hltv list frenchmen are n't in a position to talk shit and the best team in the world is russian ? 
  first generation usually means born in said country to immigrant parents but it is n't mutually exclusive to being native . 
  referring to a naturalized citizen as non-native seems weird . 
  if 12 % of your population were black and you had a million 3rd world immigrants per year , that statistic would be relevant . 
  if you understand anything about statistics you would realize that [ median household income ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ) is much more meaningful in this situation because it disregards outliers . 
  our median household income is higher than yours and the inequality adjustment to hdi means jack shit when comparing native populations, 
  source ? 
  that does n't sound right . 
  pretty sure it just means the individual was born in the netherlands, 
  that statistic is skewed because we have a massive immigration problem ( much larger than yours and the data is from before the refugee crisis ) . 
  [ our median income is firmly above yours ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ) which means our middle class standard of living is much higher . 
  so aside from immigrant ghettos we are much better off , and being that i 'm not an immigrant i do n't give a shit and my standard of living is higher than yours, 
  i just looked up rankings and do n't watch esports . 
  i mostly just like bashing europe and saw an easy opportunity . 
  us has 3 of the top 10 dota teams ( including the top team ) and 3 of the top 10 cs teams . 
  if anything non-scandinavian europe is the weakest at esports . 
  [ you sure about that ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) i already used my glorious american purchasing power to pay off my university fees at the ripe age of 25, 
  too bad we crap all over you in all the competitive scenes . 
  kinda like irl, 
  nafta is going to be dead in a year , at least as far as mexico is concerned, 
  unlike lincoln , merkel does n't have a massive army to impose her tyranny on other states . 
   merkel did n't create the war in syria but what if she did and this is all an elaborate conspiracy to consolidate the eu into a one world government like in deus ex, 
  that 's bull shit . 
  california could easily invade and occupy everything west of the rockies . 
  fair enough , but sweden is still only # 7 so not `` highest quality of life in the world . '', 
  and also , that metric is extremely unfair to countries with high 3rd world immigration ( which i 'm aware sweden now has but this report is from 2014 ), 
  actually , uk is tied with sweden on the human development index . 
  us is higher than both . 
  top 3 are norway , australia and switzerland . 
  sweden just has a lot of shills on the internet because there 's nothing better to do in that permafrost wasteland . 
  they do n't have the `` highest quality of life in the world . '', 
   far right especially has always been very anti eastern-european you mean like fn , afd and ukip who praise orban and putin ? 
  yeah i think you might be confused, 
  \\  polls show ... \\  no source provided k, 
  he even got it backwards ... the left-wingers on this sub are the ones bashing e europe . 
  it 's like he 's trying to project all the things he does n't like onto an imaginary demographic, 
  three american senators ... not a big deal, 
   pis policy is weakening poland 's position in eyes of west ( both eu and us ) i have yet to see pis or poland mentioned in a mainstream us news article other than maybe the fact that they won the election, 
   the sanctions are hardly responsible for a 3.5 % difference . 
  the definitely are . 
   i give it 3-5 years . 
  in 3-5 years uk will be out of the eu , the union will crumble and no more free money for romania . 
  you 're conflating nominal gdp and gdp ( ppp ) . 
  ppp is purchasing power but increasing ppp by a factor of 2.25 is just as amazing . 
   as opposed to russia , norway 's economy has grown 0.6 % in 2015 not a strong comparison because norway was n't sanctioned by the eu after crimea voted to join russia  italy was made to show that if russia was at least as efficient as italy italy is n't recovering from communism and they benefit from us military protection . 
  let 's compare russia to romania ... yeah not so great even with all the free money you get from the eu . 
  i guess i just do n't understand the point of your comparison . 
  you 're basically saying that their economy has grown by 400 % and russians are way better off than romanians but since their gdp is n't higher than italy 's ( 7th highest in the world ) fuck putin . 
  sure they depend on oil to some degree . 
  so does norway but you 're not complaining about them . 
   does canada also have a higher population than italy ? 
  because that kind of matters when comparing gdp 's by their pure numbers . 
  yes , i already said this earlier in the thread and you brushed it off . 
  gdp : population ratio is per capita gdp . 
  the us has a higher per capita gdp than every single country in the eu except luxembourg . 
  i guess that means we 're better . 
   that means a lot more money in your budget which you get to spend on all kinds of things , which in turn increase the gdp [ except government spending has not increased in russia ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/government-spending ) so that argument makes no sense . 
   the prices fall you think that means the gdp falls back to levels of 15 years ago ? 
  if their economic growth is driven 100 % by oil prices as you claim , then yes . 
  gdp is a measure of current income , not money still floating around from prior years . 
   russia is the biggest country on earth canada is the second biggest and they have a smaller gdp than italy as well . 
  must be a shit hole right ? 
   yes , now , after the prices fell by more than 50 % and gdp is still 4x what is was  they do n't have a lower gdp per capita , they have a lower gdp period yes , and ? 
   romania , as opposed to russia , is actually consolidating its democracy is that supposed to be some kind of pittance ? 
  like yeah your country sucks but who needs food and clean water when you have democracy !, 
   it mostly came due to the big increases in the prices of oil and natural gas yeah ... no . 
  gas prices are maybe 10 % higher now than they were in 2000 . 
   meanwhile russia 's economy is weaker than that of italy , even though it 's a way bigger country that 's a really roundabout way of saying they have a lower per capita gdp . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  the us has a higher per capita gdp than every eu country except luxembourg . 
  i guess that means you 're all backwards and failing economically . 
  you say they 're `` not catching up '' even though i already pointed out gdp growth of 400 % . 
  could you clarify in what way romania is such a beacon of success ? 
  your median income is considered below poverty in the us . 
  the average russian earns 50 % more than the average romanian . 
   putin has been trying hard to emulate the ussr i was n't aware the the ussr quadrupled russian gdp !, 
  but all hail the glorious eu and their benign intentions to `` liberate '' crimea from their democratic referendum to join russia . 
  no , i 'm explaining why it 's not funny . 
  the ussr jokes are tired and lame . 
   there 's your strawman no , that 's what was insinuated by the `` joke . '', 
  it 's a really shitty satire that attempts to draw parallels between modern day russia and a 1960s caricature of the ussr hence language like `` western fascist capitalist pigs . '', 
  this whole sub gets a raging hard on from deriding russians, 
  they already do . 
  you just have to phrase it right . 
  for example : wife : bla bla bla me : yeah she sounds like a bitch , but i think cooking dinner would really take your mind off it, 
  not russian and i find it incredibly unfunny . 
  like lololol get it ? 
  because russians are all brain washed idiots and their media is just government sponsored propaganda . 
  totally different than germans, 
  lol ... the `` european food is better '' thread was some of the dumbest shit i 've ever seen . 
  deprecation *, 
   hours worth of history class it 's really not . 
  uk and poland formed a pact .
