  that would be a legitimate argument , though . 
  well no , because you ca n't force other people to eat red meat . 
  difference being that eating red meat is a personal choice and being raped by your legal guardian is not . 
  they 're 5 times more likely to be attracted to the children they are adopting . 
  i see that as a problem , but to each his own, 
  you do n't think pedos are more likely to molest children ? 
  you have very selective reading comprehension . 
  the sentence immediately before the one you quoted :  the resulting proportion of true pedophiles among persons with a homosexual erotic development is greater than that in persons who develop heterosexually, 
  well you see , people with different opinions than op are uneducated and stupid . 
  funny , liberals do the same thing when presented with statistical evidence that men who are attracted to other adult men are 5 times more likely to molest children . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1556756, 
  no he does n't . 
  he cites several anecdotal cases of perceived bias against gays . 
  he does n't provide any statistical evidence or demonstrate a pervasive pattern . 
  we ca n't rationally extrapolate that to a systematic bias . 
  that 's literally a blog , and the author 's arguments are completely speculative and anecdotal . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  actually , if you read the source you would know that the 11:1 ratio refers to pedophiles who * are * attracted to adult men . 
  if you count all pedophiles who molest boys the ratio is much higher @ 2:1, 
  i see no reason to doubt the source because it was published in 1992 . 
  do the results make you uncomfortable ? 
   correlation ! = causation the exact language you used was `` linked to pedophilia . '', 
  that 's roughly synonymous to `` correlated to pedophilia '' so i do n't see what the problem is here as i never suggested causality . 
  as you said there could be a third factor ie . 
  gay kid gets abused and is more likely to molest kids . 
  but that does n't mean that homosexuality and pedophilia are n't related , it just means one does n't cause the other directly, 
  they 're technically right . 
  the ratio of homosexual pedophiles to heterosexual pedophiles is 11:1 which means gays are 5 times more likely to molest children assuming gays comprise about 2 % of the population . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1556756, 
  conservatism is antithetical to liberalism . 
  `` progressive '' is just a euphemistic term used by those who favor social reform -- which comes in many different flavors , including nazism and communism . 
   traditional gender roles that society at large has decided it opposes . 
  maybe not * the * solution but it certainly is a solution . 
  society can be easily swayed by propaganda so what they currently oppose means little . 
  history does n't progress in a linear fashion , and i think failure to understand that is where the `` progressive '' label comes from . 
  progress is relative to the objective . 
  labeling leftist policies as progress suggests that the right is trying to impede progress , rather than progress toward a different objective . 
  it shows a complete inability to understand opposing viewpoints and paints a narrative of conservatives as being either malicious or brain-washed by presumably malicious religion such that they would oppose `` progress . '', 
  i only made the point about sub-replacement fertility to illustrate the fruits of german `` progress . '', 
  low birth rates are n't inherently bad , but in the case it 's a problem and a direct result of progressive thought . 
   why is population growth innately beneficial ? 
  it 's not and i never said it was . 
  it makes sense for birth rates to fall if there 's too much of a strain on resources , as a means of stabilization . 
  but in germany this does not seem to be the case , as their government is desperate to reverse the trend , even going so far as to rely on mass migration . 
  it remains a pull for immigrants because it will never be as shitty as mexico . 
  that does n't mean things have n't deteriorated . 
  based on op 's rant i 'm guessing she lives in oc , probably santa ana which was actually a very nice area 30 or 40 years ago until it became an immigrant ghetto . 
  and no , it 's not getting better although we have gentrified a few areas so we could make bar districts, 
  i find it odd that a withering population would be considered `` progress '' by any metric . 
  but of course this is reddit so the words `` conservative '' and `` catholic '' are strictly pejorative, 
  you 're calling me a nazi for thinking that sub replacement fertility is an issue . 
  that really promotes open dialogue . 
  unless you can use medicine to artificially produce germans in cloning vats your population will eventually die off and no amount of healthcare will change that . 
  because 1 ) it 's the second step of natural selection after survival and 2 ) it 's currently the best method for sustaining a population without importing millions of syrian migrants . 
  personally i would call it decay ( given your population 's inability to even propagate ) , but i 'll meet you half way and call it change since that 's what it objectively is . 
  `` progress '', 
   yet the leaders still declared war on germany after the invasion of poland but they did n't declare war on the ussr when they invaded poland a week later despite the anglo-polish agreement . 
  seems like they were more interested in taking down their economic rival ( germany ) than common defense or even honoring a pact they made . 
   its not in the same category , you cant count it together with the fighter jets . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , but your categorization is an arbitrary way of dismissing russian aerial dominance . 
   please give me a source that the t-90 is superior to the leopard 2 i think `` more effective '' would have been a better word choice since it 's impossible to definitively say which tank is superior . 
  germany got their ass kicked by t-34 's in wwii which were allegedly inferior to the panzer iv , because there are so many factors to consider ( like production cost ) . 
  also keep in mind russia has oil and you do n't . 
  better get working on those eco friendly euro tanks , 
   also a 60 years old cold war su-24 ground attack aircraft is totally in the same category as a rafale or eurofighter they were introduced in 1974 , the same year as the panavia tornado and only two years prior to the f-16 . 
  your bias is showing . 
   its just in an actual war you can throw 100 of those against a single leopard 2 and it wont even get a dent . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  the soviet t-80 tank is on par with a leopard ii and the russian t-90 is actually superior ( they have 800 of those ) . 
  actually your numbers are wrong . 
  [ us spends 4.35 % and france spends 1.8 % . 
  ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?v=132 ) and 2.5 % of gdp is nothing to scoff at . 
  france 's economy is already performing poorly . 
  i doubt they could afford the additional strain . 
  us withdrawal from nato ( which i support ) would likely mean a massive reduction in the european welfare state . 
   why is it always americans that love the `` big scary russia invades '' fantasies nah you got me wrong . 
  i just find it annoying that europeans are a bunch of free riders when it comes to military defense . 
  i 'd rather the us left nato . 
   by 1943 the uk was spending 46 % of its gdp on defense that is n't sustainable though , and i doubt russia would wage an all out war . 
  western europe will slowly lose a war of attrition due to their inability to assert themselves in eastern europe . 
  weak militaries and poor leadership as demonstrated in the refugee debacle will turn eastern europeans ' favor to russia, 
   about 650 ground attack and bomber aircraft ... which are still combat aircraft that you did n't include in your 800 figure . 
  so more like 1,500 + cis for a total 1,900 . 
  you 're still ignoring that you bullshitted the battle tank numbers , 
  you 're counting 500 f-16s and 150 f/a -18 s that were pretty much given to you by the us . 
  nice . 
  also , [ russia has about 1,860 combat aircraft , actually ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b8ibvtb9ghxzwjzmb1bplufqddq/view?pref=2&amp;pli=1 ) . 
  your 800 figure is complete bull shit . 
  any reason why you decided to count defunct soviet tanks in the eu but not russia ? 
  you failed to explain that little mistake . 
  what european country could increase their tax rate by ~ 20 % to fund military and not collapse economically ? 
  most of europe is struggling as it is . 
  something has got to give . 
   most european countries do n't spend big on military because ~ ~ they are in nato ~ ~ the us is in nato ftfy fortunately this may change soon, 
   doesnt change the fact that your statement that the russian navy is larger than the eu forces is wrong . 
  yeah just put wheels on them roll them into moscow . 
  easy win . 
   gdp 17 times larger than russia and barely any spent on military so it does n't matter . 
   way better military equipment not true . 
   thats all they have regarding fighter aircraft and makes about 800 .
