   claiming that you did n't lose a single battle is irrelevant because you lost the war in the same sense that the british `` lost '' the american revolution . 
  parliament decided it was a fruitless endeavor . 
  it was a cost/benefit decision and the french involvement made it way too much of a hassle . 
  although it 's slightly different because the british suffered actual military defeats which the us did not in viet nam, 
  i agree with most of your comment except the part where you downplay the russian army . 
   i disagree in that compulsory military service makes for poor militaries man for man , yes , but 3,000,000 russians vs 300,000 frenchmen ... 
  i think we know how that would end . 
  and you 're presenting a bit of a false dilemma because russia has its own professional soldiers in addition to millions of potential conscripts . 
  also you seem to think that uk and france have a massive technological advantage that does n't really exist or matter . 
  i could go into great detail as to why germany 's technology did n't do dick for the wehrmacht against the soviet army at stalingrad or leningrad , but you get the point . 
  war is n't about having the most advanced tank or the best fighter jet or even the best soldiers ( if it were israel would be a super power ) . 
  it 's about efficient use of resources -- something uk does not have without trade . 
  the guy who mentioned north sea oil has clearly never heard of a submarine . 
  the us did n't lose a single battle in viet nam . 
  the government decided it was n't worth the cost of resources and human life so we left . 
  france on the other hand was routed and their government nearly collapsed . 
   france and the uk are more than enough to keep it in check if they had the desire to not a chance . 
  france banned compulsory military service which means they are relegated to an army of 300,000 . 
  your militaries are subsidized by the us and your ability to shoot down icbms is piss poor . 
  oh yeah and you have no oil ( or any other resources for that matter ) . 
  france and uk would have trouble winning a war against uganda, 
   european 's should be defending their own interests not leaving it to the usa i agree . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous that our taxpayers have to pay for european defense including 1/3 of nato plus it would be hilarious to watch western europe try to balance their budgets without the us funding covering all their defense and r&d . they might just have to put their money where their mouths are before they talk shit on russia, 
  so 26 % of russians are afraid to admit what they really think to pollsters ... except the pollster asking them if they are afraid to admit what they really think . 
  this sub is a parody of itself sometimes . 
  most of western europe literally restricts free speech ie . 
  germany , but somehow russia is the bad guy . 
  i second this . 
  i have a feeling the increase in birth rate is mostly due to immigration not whatever social program their government implemented, 
   we live now in era that work , career , money are the most important ... my point exactly . 
  the issue is n't that we * have * more money . 
  the issue is that we value wealth more than family as a society and the very notion of motherhood is greeted with derision . 
   how i said , 1.8-1 .9 fertility can be enough yes , it could be enough , but how many european countries are even achieving this ? 
  like 2 ? 
   best would be from eur countries and germany is attractive enough for engineers , experts and people with degrees . 
  from where ... ? 
  ( west ) germany 's gdp in 1960 : $ 9,842 - much lower if you count ddr germany 's birth rate in 1960 : 2.37 germany 's gdp in 2015 : $ 47,627 germany 's birth rate in 2015 : 1.38 hmmm i do n't think your theory about financing is accurate . 
  europeans used to have more kids and they had far , far fewer public services available to them . 
  with per capita gdp being higher than almost any point in history i do n't think financing is the issue . 
  although you did n't intend it this way you pretty much said it yourself :  a woman 's working life here is pretty much over after they have kids . 
  ... there you have it . 
  europeans have devalued motherhood to the extent that if a woman devotes her life to her children her `` life is over . '', 
  unless social/cultural attitudes shift , no amount of social services will make women want to have children and europe will whither away or the population will be replaced by the new waves of immigrants . 
  that was 15 years ago . 
  right now it 's france that apparently wants ww3 with russia ( well not le pen but she 's literally hitler according to reddit ), 
   how did we fuck our allies in the 30 years war ? 
  catholic france entered in the final phase of the war on the side of the protestants and inflicted severe casualties in an already terrible civil war . 
  not a nice thing to do to your fellow catholics  or in the napoleonic wars napoleon invaded your ottoman `` allies '' and later on you invaded your russian `` allies ''  we did n't do much during the vichy regime to fuck our allies france actively supported the nazi regime and calling vichy a puppet regime is n't even accurate . 
  that was after surrendering while you still had a standing army of 5 million so paris would n't get damaged ( never mind if london gets bombed to shit , they 're not french )  allies in libya ? 
  who were these allies ? 
  us and uk mostly . 
  you started a conflict you could n't handle and we had to bail you out since you could n't even handle simple logistics . 
   we have always been shitheads though ? 
  30 years war , napoleonic wars , wwii ( vichy regime ) , srebrenica , rwanda , libya ... are there any wars where you guys did n't completely fuck your allies ? 
  was n't just that time period . 
  the french have always been shit heads, 
  i prefer [ this french border ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/e6/69/28/e6692888d36417cee8c43e01b0384bf6.jpg ) personally . 
  snp is leftist and this is reddit where anything to the right of center is literally hitler, 
  it already looks like mexico in chula vista , santa ana , east la etc. 
  might as well make official and give them sf while we 're at it just so those liberal cock suckers can enjoy the fruits of their labor, 
   i do n't disagree with you on the 14th , but it is n't explicit the part that says `` no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the united states '' pretty much precludes secession since the citizens remain subjects of the us . 
  throw in the context of the civil war and it 's pretty obvious, 
  firstly , i wholly disagree because that decision was n't made by the supreme court , but by ( an unelected ) congress -- a unilateral decision , one might argue . 
  the 14th made secession officially illegal . 
  second , if the principles of democratic government are all that matter , i do n't think majority rule should supersede popular sovereignty . 
  but that 's just my opinion, 
  if by unilateral you mean with majority consent within the state but without majority consent nationwide , i see no point to your distinction . 
  i would n't even call that a unilateral decision since it is derived from the majority consensus of the governed, 
  interesting flair . 
  what are your plans for retaking your capital ( prague ) and christianizing the balkans ? 
  there was a petition several years ago when i was living there , and the federal government said no , you may not . 
  be forewarned , a state is actually a sovereign territory by definition and the united states is named as such because that is what we were . 
  unionists used the civil war as a justification to strip states of their sovereignty and we can no longer legally secede from the union even with a referendum . 
  according to merriam-webster it 's a sum of cash paid to keep an organization competitive / running . 
  referring to differences in entity level taxation as `` subsidies '' is ... weird . 
  by that logic every partnership in the us is subsidised and everyone in the lower income tax brackets is subsidised as well . 
  and as i said , normal agi limitation is 10 % for charity but that poses an issue for charitable organizations so the tax exempt status is really just a practicality, 
  they dont have any direct subsidies and tax exempt status is not a subsidy unless you really stretch the definition of the word . 
  there are many tax exempt organizations besides churches too . 
  and lastly , most of them would n't have income if they were required to file a 1120 anyway assuming no charity agi limitation so not an `` immense '' benefit, 
   that doesnt say anything about the relative quality of life the [ ppp index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) takes into account quality of life in terms of purchasing power per capita , and the us beats every eu country excluding micro states . 
  not seeing how my response is emotionally engaging . 
  i was just pointing out how ridiculous your comparison is . 
  ca n't really be a nazi without killing things either since that 's a core pillar of the ideology so i have no idea what you 're on about . 
  and the democrats are a catch all for left wing politics , including priest murdering communists . 
  your comment is a ridiculous attempt to associate trump with nazis, 
  sounds like you should christianize those jacobin heretics, 
  this is not a first hand account . 
  he is retelling events in the 1200s and his chronicle is actually pretty bizarre to the point that historians do n't take it seriously, 
  source ? 
  this sounds like a myth, 
  english is the official language in california , and you have to pass an english literacy test to become a citizen / function in our society or even read legislation and street signs so no , you are the ignorant one . 
  yeah and germany is a nation of immigrants starting when the visigoths moved in . 
  your horrendous logic got us into this multicultural mess , but fortunately the god emperor is leading in the polls right now . 
  10 feet higher, 
  our urban areas vote dem because they 're full of minorities and poor people . 
  look up `` white flight . '', 
  seattle is an anomoly in that it 's full of super liberal elitist white people . 
  your experience could n't be less representative of the us . 
  go spend some time in east la , it might open your eyes a bit if you do n't get murdered,
