  the us could crush western europe but we gain more from military influence and free trade than from plundering . 
  occupying foreign countries is n't in our best interest at the moment, 
  trump , myself , and every us republican i know . 
  ukraine is super corrupt and ethnic russians decided they want to be part of russia . 
  i do n't give two shits about western europe or their butthurt over russian expansionism . 
   putin 's `` endorsement '' of trump was n't serious . 
  it was made prior to trump 's recent electoral successes trump was dominating the polls long before the electoral success , so it was a hardly a joke . 
  putin endorsed trump on december 17 , 2015 . 
  and aleksandr dugin endorsed him yesterday after the electoral success . 
  given that foreign policy is at least 50 % of his campaign it 's pretty safe to say trump supporters have no beef with russia . 
  i 'm a trump supporter and i know many trump supporters and all of us generally approve of putin, 
  our likely next president was endorsed by putin . 
  i think that 's pretty telling of how `` anti-russian '' we are . 
  the anti-russian opinions are limited to whatever left wing circle you dwell in . 
  i 'd rather cut funding from nato and leave russia be, 
  we bought alaska from them and they do n't even claim it as their own so not sure what you 're talking about . 
  outside of reddit most americans like russia and think they have the right to crimea . 
  it 's far more insulting to be called french, 
  is the idea of women obeying men terrifying to europeans ? 
  sounds alright to me . 
  or at least pretty low on my list of objections to islam, 
  this . 
  alternatively , get a flight to mexico , walk across the us border , make a baby and voila -- free healthcare , education , social security and no risk of deportation, 
   far right ... leaders of a country destroyed it 's economy to the point that normal citizens were starving in the street and you had to carry your wages home in a wheelbarrow . 
  ^ that was his comment . 
  he completely reinvented the history of 1930s germany to fit his leftist narrative, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  his comment made no sense because he blamed the great depression on right wingers without any causal link . 
  last i checked the greek economy is n't exactly booming under left wing governance . 
  i never said their problems were solved be electing a strongman . 
  i blame britain but mostly france for the hyper inflation which resulted directly from the inability of germany to pay absurd reparations imposed on them in the treaty of versailles . 
  but even if that 's not the case i do n't see how the weimar republic is `` far right . '', 
  i 'm trying to figure out what government you 're talking about because most of the mass starvation in the 20th century happened in communist countries ( collective farms do n't produce enough food , who would have thought ) . 
  the weimar republic is famous for hyper inflation but i was n't aware that they were right wing and even if they were their problems were inflicted by the british and french, 
   migrants share a common tenant tenant : a person who occupies land or property rented from a landlord tenet : a principle or belief , especially one of the main principles of a religion or philosophy, 
  not even the government , it 's just obama . 
  fortunately , he will be gone soon, 
  most americans do n't care if you leave the eu and a good number of us want no part in european affairs , including the 70 % + of nato that we fund . 
  everything he said is factually accurate except the `` awe inspiring past '' which is subjective . 
  i do n't think it reflects badly on him or his country , unless you 're a globalist . 
  ah yes , pride in one 's country is so horrible . 
  you remind me of americans who masquerade as canadians because they think it makes them look enlightened, 
   they did n't try to convert us to their language or religion umm what ? 
  well i ca n't say for europe because most of their governments try to cover up politically incorrect facts , but judging by the state of africa , i think it 's a universal problem, 
   it 's not because they are black statistics in the us would say otherwise, 
   source ? 
  it 's difficult to believe that the median wage is less than $ 1k more than the minimum wage ( just over $ 19k ) it 's median income , usd , ppp . 
  source : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=idd  median income is relatively meaningless anyway when you consider the 15.1 % of the us population living below the poverty line do n't shift the goal posts . 
  you said `` it 's undoubtedly better to live in ireland if you belong to the middle class . '', 
   the lack of a welfare state combined with outrageous university and healthcare costs university costed me 10k for 3 years ( 30k total ) . 
  full health coverage costs me ~ $ 30 per month . 
  not really outrageous at all and i pay less than 20 % of my income in tax . 
  not really sure what you 're on about . 
  maybe you should n't trust everything the berniebots tell you on reddit ? 
   the upper class live better in the us than they do here but it is undoubtedly better to live in ireland if you belong to the middle or working class hmm you might want to check your facts before you make untenable claims . 
  median income in the us is about 30,616 usd and in ireland it 's about 22,018 usd . 
  medians are n't skewed by a few wealthy people at the top . 
   ireland also has a higher rate of net migration per capita our immigrants are a bit different in terms of education and financial standing . 
  i agree that these groups becoming a more integral part of society and consequently more accepted . 
  i do n't , however , agree that the changes in perceptions reflect reality because ( controversy warning ) gays are statistically more likely to be promiscuous and more prone to pedophilia , and women are objectively less capable physically/mentally . 
   i realise this is completely anecdotal and that correlation does n't necessarily mean causation ... 
  i believe it to be true i 'm having trouble following this procession of logic . 
  you 're well aware that there is no causal link or evidence , yet you proceed to believe it anyway based on a weak correlation ? 
   but the us is arguably a more stressful place to live than ireland for the average person due to the lack of a welfare state . 
  lol you 've been on reddit too much . 
  the us actually ranks 8th in the world on the human development index ( right next to ireland , # 7 ) . 
  it 's really much higher than that if you discount all the immigration we deal with . 
  there 's no way only 4 % of the population of approved of interracial marriage in 1959 . 
  i 'm just not buying it unless literally the whole black community was against it as well . 
   you implied state polls were better indicators of national opinion than nationwide polls . 
  no i did n't . 
   a generation is ~ 20 years , so half a generation is 10 years . 
  7 years is almost 10 years . 
  in the us it 's close 30 years . 
  so 7 years is maybe a quarter of a generation at most . 
   yes , some people actually did believe gay marriage would bring god 's wrath that 's a few dozen people living in the middle of nowhere and i doubt their opinions on gay marriage have changed due to the revelation that gay marriage has n't triggered the apocolypse so it really does n't substantiate your theory, 
  it 's not like it was 90 % to 10 % or anything . 
  it could easily change 7 % in 7 years . 
  that 's in california . 
  you 're conflating california polls and nationwide polls  7 years is almost half a generation umm no ? 
  americans do n't typically start families when they are 14 years old  gay marriage was passed , and the world did n't end . 
  some people that were slightly against it saw the outcome and said `` well , i guess it 's not so bad '' ah yes , how could i forget . 
  before netherlands legalized gay marriage we all thought amsterdam would burst into fire and its inhabitants smitten by yahweh . 
  that totally explains the shift in views, 
  i really , really hate to say it and i know it 's a super unpopular opinion but this whole ssm thing just seems like such a fad . 
  opinions allegedly went from 20 % in favor to 60 % in favor in less than 20 years . 
  half of europe does n't even care about marriage anymore and then all of a sudden there 's a moral crusade to ensure that two guys can legally wed each other . 
  either that or the polls are just inaccurate like i said before , and the change has actually been gradual, 
  those polls are incredibly dubious considering how the votes turned out in individual states . 
  i live in california , one of the most liberal states in the us , and we voted to ban gay marriage in 2008 . 
  there 's no way the entire population 's opinions radically shifted in 7 years . 
  you 're still begging the question by presuming that charity is moral and that moral truth can even exist apart from religion . 
   the vatican dropped the old testament fairly recently if by recently you mean 2000 years ago then , yes . 
  otherwise , let 's see that source . 
   appropriate positive aspects of christianity like a charitable attitude , pancake tuesday , christmas etc etc. 
  what is your basis for determining which aspects are positive ? 
  seems like you 're begging the question ie . 
  `` christians are right about charity because charity is right '', 
  their presence in syria is n't some fixed number that ca n't be changed or adjusted . 
  i do n't even understand the point of your comment if all you meant was that the entire turkish military could handle exclusively russian forces currently in syria .
