  pretty sure you 're either backtracking or just obtuse . 
  how does that counter what i said ? 
  russia has a more powerful air force than uk + germany + france + turkey . 
  stop equivocating . 
  you fucked up when you said turkey 's air force would `` mop the floor '' with russia 's . 
  man up and stop drinking the anti-russia kool aid with ted cruz . 
  not counting the us , obviously ... . 
  well if it 's 750 russian fighters vs 300 turkish fighters i put my money on russia . 
  but those figures are too low . 
  russia has 1000s of military aircraft . 
  in fact , the russian air force is larger than nato 's source : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b8ibvtb9ghxzwjzmb1bplufqddq/view?pref=2&amp;pli=1, 
  who are you quoting ? 
  you 're just setting up arbitrary parameters such that turkey would supposedly win , but it looks like you 're wrong about aerial power anyway , because russia has about 1000 fighter jets to turkey 's 240 . 
  i do n't understand what that has to do with anything . 
  your initial comment was a counterpoint to the suggestion that turkey would lose to russia in a war . 
  and i do n't think you realize the size and power of russia 's air force . 
  right because russia would only use fighter jets in a full scale war , not their army , or navy or icbms . 
  it 's amazing how anti-russian propaganda leads people to believe that russia is somehow not a military power . 
  edit : some quick research shows that russia has 3,040 + aircraft ( about 1000 fighters on par with the f-16 , plus bombers , transport etc ) compared to turkey 's 668 ( about 240 f-16s ) . 
  think before you upvote stupid shit, 
   it is everyone 's right to practice whichever religion they want within our borders , yes . 
  but these are potential immigrants not citizens so constitutional protections do n't apply . 
   it is someone who has no respect for freedom , equal rights , or human decency or someone who is pragmatic . 
   or the founding principles of your country the chinese exclusions act was constitutional so i think you may have some misconceptions about our founding principles and * maybe * just * maybe * as an american i have a better grasp of american principles than you . 
   he proposed banning people from the country based on the religion they practice those are n't citizens , they are n't protected by our laws . 
  afaik netherlands does n't provide protection for non citizens living outside of its borders either . 
   you asked `` how is trump a fascist '' yes , i did . 
  and you gave me reasons that are n't exclusive to fascism . 
  sure , a square has 4 sides , but having 4 sides is n't a quality exclusive to squares . 
  you 're just regurgitating the typical reddit-anti-trump diatribe . 
  he 's not `` denying equal rights '' to anyone . 
   why bring up socialism ? 
  because the traits you mentioned are n't exclusive to fascism . 
  it does n't logically make sense to conclude that someone is a fascist due to traits which are shared by several ideologies . 
  it 's a silly pejorative used by leftists who are unable to make criticisms of substance, 
  good thing socialists never abolished freedom of religion or exploited fear . 
  wait ... 
  ** all ** of our presidents have appealed to religion regardless of party affiliation , but the same is really true of cameron and merkel and most european leaders so i still do n't see your point . 
  there 's a difference between acknowledging the fact that our laws are predicated on religious values vs. outright lunacy a la woodrow wilson , jimmy carter and george w bush . 
  edit : my point is that even hitler appealed to religion ... 
  i do n't think irreligion + right = fascist , unless all your saying is that 's why people * think * he 's fascist . 
   irreligious and authoritarian which is very peculiar for the american right . 
  i 'd argue that the united states never had that element in their society before reagan , nixon , and coolidge were right wing and not religious . 
  wilson and carter were left wing and ultra religious nuts . 
  you should n't buy into reddit 's caricature of conservatives as a bunch of obese , gun-loving , country bumpkins who ride to mcdanks on a scooter . 
   it 's very european in a way . 
  we liberalized in the 1780s while you still had your silly monarchs ... 
  how is trump a fascist ? 
  or is that just the knee-jerk insult we 're using for right wing politicians now ? 
   wars are usually won by sides with bigger gdps the american revolution ? 
  the russian civil war ? 
  the winter war ? 
  the battle of vienna ? 
  how about the german invasion of france in ww2 ? 
  gdp is really important but it 's not the end all be all , especially when you have next to zero military budget . 
  gdp does n't really help win a war if you do n't spend any of it on military and do n't have any soldiers to fight . 
  plus i do n't think russia would just invade europe ... they will annex more territory like belarus or the rest of ukraine . 
  most of your countries banned conscription which makes raising a large army impossible , you have zero defense against icbms , you have no oil and the uk has almost no anti submarine capability due to military cuts which means no north sea oil . 
  if the us ever drops support for nato et al you better pray russia shows mercy or lube up because it 's going to be a lot more than crimea this time . 
  why do you have to group us with western europeans ? 
  half this country does n't want any part in nato and we 're tired of western eu jerking themselves off over their progressive welfare state while we provide free defense . 
  pragmatic the eu maybe . 
  i do n't see how it 's pragmatic for the us . 
  russia is not a threat to us . 
  it 's not pragmatic , it 's petulant . 
  no one in the us actually gives a fuck about crimea . 
  it 's just germany and france and belgium trying to protect the little empire they built . 
  if it makes you feel any better , trump will probably be elected president of the us this year and will most likely lift the sanction which i agree is bull shit . 
  western europe is afraid of the russian influence in eastern europe so they 're acting like children over the crimean conflict that happened forever ago . 
  if human rights mattered to them there would be sanctions on a lot more countries than russia . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure you will do just fine under sharia law, 
  throw iron/steel into that mix and yes , you would basically be a permafrost version of spain . 
  spain and greece are truly the pinnacle of a successful economic system . 
   there is responsbility for deaths and there also is outright genocide . 
  these two things are different . 
  mao and stalin both committed genocide in tibet and ukraine , respectively . 
  but even if they had not done so , i do n't think mass murdering millions of people would really be better for not discriminating based on race or religion . 
  ok . fortune does n't favor massive welfare states ... unless they 're blessed with natural resources in which case they prosper in spite of the welfare state . 
  that just does n't roll off the tongue as well, 
  based on sheer death tolls both mao and stalin beat hitler . 
  all three killed people en masse based on religion , race , etc. 
  but apparently killing catholics , eastern orthodox , and buddhists is acceptable as long as you do n't lay a finger on you know who . 
  fortune does n't favor socialists , it seems . 
   and what has multiculturalism to do with this because the us is somewhat self-segregated just like any multicultural country . 
  go on / r/news to see about what 's going on in michigan . 
  certain groups like to elect really shitty leaders for local government which results in widespread poverty and poor law enforcement . 
  there 's nothing we can do without overruling democracy . 
  as a result their communities are violent and shitty . 
  as you reap so shall you sow . 
  this is a naive comment . 
  most of the people who live in inner cities are uncooperative with the police and have no desire to move away or move up in life . 
  it 's the result of muliculturalism and massive immigration , not that different from your refugee ghettos . 
  i am laughing my ass off watching arrogant european idealists deal with the same shit we 've been dealing with for the last 50 years though, 
   united states 58,307 dead ; [ 24 ] 303,644 wounded [ a 2 ] and the viet namese lost 2 million ... what 's your point ? 
   the admittance that the us army could not continue and the withdrawal of forces was a military defeat by attrition . 
  you 're still not getting it ... our military campaigns were successful . 
  the problem was that there was no stopping the spread of communism and the pro western viets were fleeing the country so we withdrew . 
  it was a political/diplomatic defeat , not a military one . 
  to say otherwise is absurd , we could have easily blown the whole place to kingdom come if we wanted to . 
   you ran out of resources and were out manoeuvred by the vietcong i 'm not really sure what to tell you because none of this is true or supported by historical evidence .
