  the fact is that black iqs are ~ 20 points lower in the us despite the same nutrition and access to education . 
  given the average iq of blacks in the us , i 'm not buying your argument . 
  it 's like you 're really grasping at straws to spread this narrative . 
  you have like 12 comments on this thread repeating the same exact thing but the empirical evidence just is n't there . 
  most of what he said is accurate , actually ( except the jew part which is speculative ) . 
  the problem is that he skipped a lot of details so i 'll fill in the gaps . 
  a major component of marxism is the destruction of ethnic identity in order to forge an identity strictly based on social class . 
  marx ( and the bolsheviks ) believed that communism could n't be fully actualized until the idea of nations , religion , and race were abolished so that communism could spread globally throughout a borderless world . 
  this attitude was demonstrated by the ussr 's policies of expansionism , eradication of religion , and mass deportation of ethnic minorities throughout the socialist states . 
  as a side note , the latter strategy has been used by many empires to homogenize the population ( alexander the great attempted a forced breeding program to unify his empire ethnically ) . 
  there are definitely some strong parallels between these policies and current eu policies which are arguably aimed at the homogenization of europe to facilitate the creation of a superstate . 
  it definitely benefits the upper echelon of society through freer access to labor and capital but fucks over the general population ... now , the jew part i 'm not sure i agree with but i think what / u/rimates is getting at is that many jews supported communist revolution in europe ( including marx himself ) , and many prominent jews today strongly advocate multiculturalism ( george soros comes to mind ) , which leads to some conspiracy theories about a global agenda , which again , i do n't agree with due to lack of evidence . 
  americans were in france by 1917 ... 1917 comes before april 1918 . 
  it 's really sad how much of a pompous ass you are considering you seem to know nothing of ww1 , and that people actually upvote without checking facts . 
  i 'm sorry history does n't fit your eurocentric ( francocentric ? ), 
  narrative . 
  you 're the one who should feel embarrassed . 
  you claimed that the germans never reached shelling range of paris after 1914 . 
  everything i 've said is historically accurate . 
   the germans were 70 km from paris , and it was in 1914 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spring_offensive you and / u/conorsseur must have had the same inept history professor, 
   conveniently skip 3 years hey ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  the german army was 60 km from paris during the spring offensive in 1918 . 
  you 're thinking of the battle of marne in 1914, 
   germany got close to paris , they never acquired it yeah because 2.1 million american reinforcements arrive ... 
  the spring offensive would have ended the war had that not been the case regardless of the french spirit . 
  paris would have been shelled to shit and france would have surrendered . 
  this really is n't a controversial view, 
   france 's role . 
  the imperial germany army broke french/british lines and was 60 km from paris ( shelling distance ) before the us landed with 2,000,000 reinforcements . 
  france 's `` role '' was losing a war to a country that was fighting on three fronts . 
  edit : if you 're going to downvote , name one successful french offensive ( us operations do n't count ), 
   as you can see , person c and b would profit from this initiative . 
  i disagree . 
  the redistribution of capital is inefficient and will create a deadweight loss in two ways : 1 ) the taxation of suppliers prevents equilibrium in the market for goods and services and 2 ) the existence of a basic income alternative prevents equilibrium in the labor market by shifting the indifference curves of those supplying labor . 
  all three parties are worse off but everyone is more `` equal '', 
  it * is * antagonization of russia . 
  the question is whether or not it 's necessary . 
  i think these kinds of actions are more likely to perpetuate an arms race which will lead to tension and armed conflict in the first place , but if russia really has malevolent intentions it may be necessary . 
  however , i seriously doubt russia intends to invade romania or poland . 
  i think there is definitely some degree of russophobia as well as a desire on behalf of germany and the eu to tacitly control eastern europe . 
  meanwhile , eastern europe is divided as to whether they prefer russia or eu influence , especially now that us-eu relations may be deteriorating . 
   the iranians are increasing their capabilities and we have to be ahead of that . 
  the system is not aimed against russia riiiiight . 
  because poland is immediately threatened by iran . 
  hopefully the us will stop needlessly antagonizing russia under these shitty pretenses when trump takes office in january . 
  half of all homicides in the us are committed by blacks even though they only comprise 12 % of the population . 
  the trend is similar in nearly every country with a significant black population so i do n't think it 's prudent to disregard this correlation just because it does n't fit your narrative of income inequality . 
   the us has ~ ~ society issues ( homeless/poverty/divded between rich and poor ) ~ ~ black people , which gets worse due to guns . 
  ftfy, 
  those were extremely minor conflicts ( the latter lasted less than two months ) which is why i said `` relative peace . '', 
  if you want to be pedantic we can also count the gulf war and iraq war and other conflicts like crimea . 
  the point is that this is n't the first time in history we 've gone 70 years without total war . 
  austria ! = germany, 
   as a german, 
   boy ... you must actually live in cuba . 
  and you must not be able to read because i already mentioned the franco-prussian war which was n't that bloody and did n't even last one year . 
  germany ( prussia et al ) was n't involved in the crimean ( krim ) war . 
  there was relative peace from 1815 to 1914 , with the exception of the franco-prussian war which was quick and did n't involve most of the population so there easily would have been 3-4 generations where no one fought in a war . 
  outside of germany this has happened loads of times so there 's not much impressive about it other than america 's massive military serving as a deterrent for large scale conflict a la pax romana, 
  progressive americans like france . 
  most americans are n't progressive . 
  reddit is a horrible representation of the views of most americans . 
  i 'm speaking anecdotally but i 've been all over the country . 
  most americans have respect for germany and uk . 
  opinions on russia are very mixed . 
  france is generally disliked . 
  proof : https://frenchamerican.org/sites/default/files/documents/page/faf_2010poll_harris_en.pdf, 
   i think 5.5 % from last census our censuses are n't that specific . 
  there are no options beyond `` non-hispanic white '' to further subdivide europeans . 
   why is france of french ancestry in west coast unpopular ? 
  any specific reason behind it ? 
  it 's the whole country , not just the west coast and there are a lot of reasons . 
  there 's a whole [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-french_sentiment_in_the_united_states ) on it , but basically there have been deep political tensions for the last 70 years , many of their leaders have been very hostile to the us ( de gaulle comes to mind ) , they 're famous for their constant military failure from 1870 onward , and they are generally perceived as feminine , arrogant and lazy . 
   slavs/poles , russians , slovaks and others , italian-americans and french/french canadian have relatively high share not on the west coast . 
  all the last names here are british or germanic . 
  slavic names are very rare . 
  italians are concentrated in the northeast . 
  french ancestry is uncommon and people prefer to hide it because france is very unpopular, 
  also the vast majority of white americans ( like 90 % + ) are germanic or british/irish . 
  french , spanish , portuguese or slavs are uncommon . 
  so within the white population we are ethnically homogeneous . 
  there 's not really much of a melting pot and intermarriage is n't super common ( last i checked less than 4 % of marriages were interracial ), 
   you can say that the reasons they fought for were not religious ( which is a gross oversimplification ) ... which is exactly what i said , and no it is not a gross oversimplification . 
   you do n't stop being a protestant or a catholic the moment you swing your sword i do n't stop being catholic when i drive to work in the morning . 
  that does n't mean i 'm doing it for catholicism . 
  the same jews who overwhelmingly aided the ussr in rounding up and summarily executing polish leaders to facilitate the onset of communist rule ? 
  mountains are usually formed through tectonics and volcanoes and shit , and are therefore steeper than hills . 
  hills are just piles of dirt and rocks . 
  there are no explicit requirements in terms of height . 
  midday means any time in the middle of the day , not just 12pm ... at least in american english . 
  you made it political when you linked that stats for republicans but not democrats . 
  not that pew and gallup would poll that info anyway , might make their handlers look bad, 
  in that case i 'm going to roll with the dunces since they have the sound fiscal and immigration policies . 
  got ta take the good with the bad, 
  they based that on 1000 phone calls and i 'm calling bull shit . 
  only evangelicals believe that nonsense, 
  the anti vacc movement is retarded but outside of trump it 's mainly granolas who believe that . 
  the only pseudoscience i see from right wingers is climate change denial . 
  our leftists believe in alternative medicine ans chem trails and they fear gluten and gmos .
