  i 'll give you viet nam ( keep in mind the french were involved as well ) but from a military standpoint there was nothing humiliating about it . 
  but let 's not forget the spanish civil war, 
   not anyone is saying we should ignore the problem i 'm assuming the eu is representative of what most of europe wants and they seem to be doing a pretty good job of ignoring it while their citizens get slaughtered . 
  like , if your goal is to minimize to terror attacks do you a ) invite millions of muslim migrants into your country or b ) not invite millions of muslim migrants into your country papa trump and i are rolling with option b , but who am i to judge europeans if cuckoldry is their thing ? 
  it 's impossible to fully stop any crime . 
  the problem is that european governments have done nothing but exacerbate the situation by inviting millions of muslim migrants into europe and by failing to recognize islam itself as the primary cause of terrorism . 
  and now people like you are trying to say we should just ignore it and accept the fact that muslims will occasionally set off nail bombs in airports . 
  trump is willing to take the necessary measures to protect his countrymen . 
  that 's 1000x more than i can say for most of europe right now . 
  but good luck with the your pc utopia . 
  i ai n't about that life, 
  car accidents are an inevitable risk related to driving which is a part of everyday life . 
  terror attacks should n't be considered a part of everyday life . 
  if they are , there is something wrong with your leaders . 
  edit : should also add that cars are getting safer and safer while terror attacks are on the rise, 
   the history of the us is written in blood do n't worry , i think spain has us beat as far as bloodshed per capita in the last century . 
  we lost 3,000 in the 9/11 attacks alone so i do n't doubt his assertion . 
  the argument about the odds of dying to terrorists being low is frankly shit . 
  there are thousands of ways to die so the probability of dying prematurely to a given one of them will always appear low . 
  that does n't mean we should just accept the deaths of thousands of civilians as a fact of life, 
  [ the conflict was primarily political , but it also had an ethnic or sectarian dimension , although it was not a religious conflict . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) you 're free to disagree but that is the consensus among historians . 
  the troubles really had nothing to do with religion and probably would have played out exactly the same if the entire island of ireland were atheist . 
  the stated goal of isis on the other hand is to spread the caliphate . 
  pretty weak comparison . 
   europe was bombing india for the last 10 years , there would be a lot more hindu terrorists . 
  the 9/11 hijackers were citizens of saudi arabia . 
  they were n't bombed by the us . 
  political parties and governments are institutionalized ideologies as well . 
  the absence of institutionalized ideology is anarchy which is not so peaceful either . 
  so maybe we should n't make sweeping statements about religion just to sound progressive , when in fact there is one religion which seems to be the problem here . 
  there are christians in the middle east living under the same circumstances and factors and yet they are n't suicide bombing things . 
  saying religion causes violence because of islamic terror is like saying atheism causes violence because of the ussr . 
  belief in a deity per se does n't make you violent but violent ideologies like communism and islam certainly do . 
  clenching only makes it more painful . 
  best to relax your muscles and let in like germany is doing, 
  yeah because christians and hindus are always blowing shit up in europe , right ? 
   it 's just an incomplete theory currently being worked on so basically mere conjecture ... like religion . 
  literally no way to observe or test it . 
   you 're of course free to prove me wrong if you can , maybe there 's some actual scientific proof that 's just being buried by anti-religion scientists hmm in your previous comment you suggested that the philosophical debate was made obsolete by the scientific method but ok .  i do n't think newton , einstein or planck claimed that religion can be proven by some experiment within the frameworks of the scientific method you 're right , they did n't because that would be stupid . 
  they used variations of the cosmological and teleological arguments . 
  anyways , this has been fun . 
  goodbye . 
  i meant that the dialogue goes in a loop , not that your argument goes in a loop per se . 
  but i do think you 're special pleading by making an exception to the scientific method for the big bang . 
  also , your comment about the age of enlightenment is presumptuous and ignorant ( i think your antitheism is starting to leak ) . 
  plenty of physicists of that time period and later believed in god , including newton , einstein and planck . 
  all three were actually openly critical of atheism . 
   obviously we ca n't observe something that already happened , but we can observe things caused by something that already happened . 
  and this brings us back to the beginning of the argument loop where i said that one could argue the existence of god based on observable things . 
  you can see why this debate has gone on for millennia and why it 's not as simple as lack of evidence , god is the tooth fairy etc. 
   there 's no such thing as a scientific assertion which has yet to be falsified , otherwise it 's just an assertion . 
  all scientific assertions are assertions which can but have not yet been falsified . 
   a smart enough person can definitely come up with the wildest scientific theories that can be neither proven or disproved . 
  again , if it ca n't be disproven it is n't scientific . 
   currently accepted scientific explanation for that is the big bang theory yeah but it 's based on extrapolation and not all that scientific since we ca n't observe or test it . 
   you 're assuming the reason for matter existing has to be god . 
  that 's just the word most people use for the creator of the universe . 
  you can call it whatever you like . 
   science is n't about assertions , anything that can be asserted without proof can also be discarded without proof i think there 's a slight language barrier here but i know what you mean . 
  science is based on assertions but only those that can be observed and tested , and therefore refuted ( a falsifiable hypothesis as you put it ) . 
  the assertion that a creator or first cause exists is not a scientific assertion because it ca n't be observed , tested or falsified . 
  no disagreement here . 
  however , the contingency of all physical beings , much like newton 's laws of motion , is a scientific assertion which has yet to be falsified . 
  and i think this is where the `` god is basically the tooth fairy '' argument runs into a major dilemma -- are we going to throw science out the window and say matter simply exists without reason ? 
  or admit the possibility of god ? 
  contingent beings can only exist if there is a transcendent being to cause them . 
  the notion that contingent beings can exist without ultimate cause is irrational . 
   when you 've got two theories that come to the same conclusion you 've got to come up with an experiment logical theories are based on axioms . 
  in this case we 're presuming that physical beings ca n't exist without cause , an assertion which is consistent with scientific knowledge . 
   we accepted there was something because we could measure how it affected other things . 
  you could use the argument of first cause to say the same thing about belief in a creator . 
  material existence is contingent, 
  because reddit is full of antitheist nimrods who think unilateral hatred of religion is the solution to all of our woes , completely ignoring the fact that most of the destruction in the 20th century resulted directly from self-avowed atheists and atheistic ideologies . 
  plus if they collectively blame religion for islamic terrorism they will appear progressive in their warped little minds . 
   you 're the one that has been arguing that europeans are unrefined when it comes to beer . 
  i said europeans bitch about american beer because they associate all american beer with coors and bud even though top selling beer in eu is equally shit . 
  i did n't say they have unrefined taste . 
   and the top selling beer in the us is bud light i never claimed otherwise . 
  you 're the one that said the notion of europeans preferring shitty lagers is `` completely out of line with reality '' but now you 're shifting the goal posts . 
  top beers in europe are all garbage too . 
  get over it, 
  the top selling beer in england is carling so i 'm inclined to think you 're full of shit . 
  where in europe do you live ? 
  i 'm sure you can . 
  that does n't change the fact that most europeans prefer lagers which are n't of particularly high quality . 
  europeans just like to bitch about all things american, 
   and one of the most famous microbrewers full stop not in the us . 
  this is my first time hearing of them, 
   ipa 's are becomming more and more populair over here that 's possible , but i 've met a lot of germans and brits around here and even the brits do n't seem to like ipas ( which is odd considering the origin ) . 
  i poured a german friend a stout and he looked at it dumbfounded because it was so dark . 
  maybe there 's just something wrong with him ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  germany and uk have the same obesity rates among caucasians as the us so you can stop the circle jerk . 
  this is the dumbest shit i 've ever heard . 
  any `` proof '' that our food is lower quality ? 
  every german i 've met complains about our beer but it 's always because they 're complete dumbasses and unopen to ipas or anything that 's not a german lager . 
  there 's no way you have better bananas and pineapples in europe . 
  i doubt the wheat is better either . 
  it 's probably just what you 're used to , but i 'd be curious to see any data showing our food to be lower quality given the same price range,
