  you 're using different metrics for eu and russia to skew things . 
  eu does not have 1900 fighters as you claim . 
  [ france for example has 223 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_air_force ) . 
  [ uk has fewer than 200 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_united_kingdom_military_aircraft ) is there some european power i 'm forgetting besides turkey ? 
  no way in hell you have 1900 jet fighters . 
   the number of mbts is right in the link i gave ? 
  ~ ~ yeah and wikipedia does n't have a citation for that number so it means literally nothing . 
  if france and uk have fewer than 600 tanks between them i do n't see where the other 7,000 are . 
  luxembourg ? ~ ~ see my edit  thats probably enough to fend off your 3 million 3-months troops , rofl not sure why you think european troops are superior to russians but ok  doesnt change the fact that your statement that the russian navy is larger than the eu forces is wrong . 
  i said it a greater threat , not larger . 
  aircraft carriers are n't effective against subs which russia has a lot of . 
  acs pose no threat to russia edit : figured out the tank number . 
  it counts a a few thousand defunct soviet era tanks in eastern europe . 
  so we 're counting defunct soviet tanks in europe but not defunct soviet tanks in russia ... logical, 
   examples : russian has about 800 fighter and multirole aircraft the link you gave says 3,000 + . 
  not 800 . 
  there 's a [ chart here on page 5 . 
  ] ( https://d1fmezig7cekam.cloudfront.net/vpp/global/flight/airline%20business/ab%20home/edit/worldairforces2015.pdf ) estimating russian aircraft at about 3,429 . 
  not sure where you 're getting the numbers on tanks because you did n't cite it . 
  i 'm not seeing the 7,000 figure . 
  looks like [ france has about 400 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_main_battle_tanks_by_country ) so your figure is pretty off . 
  you also banned conscription in most of your countries which makes it near impossible to raise an army whereas russia could mobilize 3 million troops within a few months if they wanted , compared to europe 's largest military of 300,000 personnel . 
  aircraft carriers would n't do you much good against russia unless you plan to roll them into eastern europe or something, 
   most european militaries like the german one are only there for self-defense , not fucking up countries around the entire globe . 
  and that is perfectly fine . 
  that 's fine , but do n't bitch when russia annexes more territory in eastern europe , because america does n't care and your countries are too weak to do anything about it, 
  actually no . 
  the russian air force is bigger than all of nato 's airforces combined not counting the us and their navy is a much greater threat than the french + british navies . 
  uk hardly has anti-sub capabilities anymore so russia would sink them pretty fast if they tried to secure north sea oil . 
  europe also has no reasonable defense against icmbs . 
  in a war without foreign intervention , russia would crush europe even without nukes . 
  it would n't even be close . 
  it does n't seem they were able to suffice in libya so you may want to reconsider your assessment . 
  funny how france and uk ca n't handle libya , but they 've deluded themselves into thinking that western europe can hold a candle to russia . 
  best of luck guys !, 
   but many people appreciate what the us is doing and would rather have their governments spend more on defense . 
  there 's no way france , germany , sweden et al could afford to maintain both a respectable military and their welfare state . 
  and if they give up the welfare state they would have to stop being self-righteous twats , so that 'll never happen . 
   did it not also have a lot to do with autonomy and taxes ? 
  taxation without representation ? 
  just read the [ declaration of independence ] ( http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/declaration_transcript.html ) . 
  the offenses of king george are all explicitly listed at the end , including taxation without representation . 
  but the justification for rebellion , explained in the first two paragraphs , is based on the presupposition of `` the creator '', 
   real union happened , became major power in europe until last partition of commonwealth ( 1795 ) polish-lithuanian commonwealth was n't really a significant military power and lithuania was devastated by sweden in the late 1600s and again by russia in 1720, 
   was n't a large portion of the fouding fathers profoundly critical of religion ? 
  all of them professed faith in god , although religious views ranged from christianity to unitarianism to deism . 
  from george washington 's farewell address ( 1796 ) :  of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity , religion and morality are indispensable supports . 
  from the declaration of independence ( 1776 ) :  we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness the first amendment was meant to address the establishment of a state religion ie . 
  anglicanism , and the persecution of non-anglicans under the british crown . 
  nowhere does the constitution suggest that religious principle should not be allowed to influence decisions . 
  that would n't make any sense since the constitution itself presupposes the existence of god ( same for germany btw ) . 
   conservatives in the us on the whole religion thing they completely forget that the first thing in the constitution says it 's the first amendment not the `` first thing in the constitution '' and it does n't say you ca n't legislate based on religious principle . 
  our founding father and first president george washington said that laws * should * be based on religious principle . 
  our country was founded on the presupposition of god ( referred to as the creator in the declaration of independence ) and it was the sole justification for the revolution . 
  what we * should n't * do is make laws respecting the establishment of religion . 
  two different things which liberals conflate . 
  his knowledge of history is revisionist . 
  catholicism persisted under soviet rule and the polish people were and are very anti-communist . 
  leftists in the us like trying to convince the populace that the republicans and democrats have both shifted to the right because in their minds that means a radical shift to the left would be merely a return to status quo . 
  similarly they try to argue that the right wing parties in europe are more in line with our democrats . 
  it 's completely bull shit , though . 
  example : cdu is pro-life , pro traditional marriage , liberal economic policy and conservative fiscal policy . 
  the democratic party is pro-choice , pro-gay marriage , heavily regulated economic policy and liberal fiscal policy . 
  the confusion stems from the european preference for a welfare state which is perceived as leftist in the us and often conflated with socialism . 
  you did n't even address my point . 
  that chart is just some made up shit about how whoever made it feels about the alignment of various political parties . 
  the republican party aligns with the cameron and the conservatives on pretty much everything . 
  it 's a dumb reddit meme to convince people that dems are n't bat shit crazy, 
   regular republicans are like ukip nope . 
  the republican party favors amnesty and no border control or protectionism . 
  not even close to ukip or front national . 
  it 's just a meme on reddit that the us is somehow way more conservative or the republicans have moved to the right . 
  neither are true at all, 
  lol you 're blaming the spanish civil war on franco ? 
  yeah fuck them for fighting the communists . 
  should have just let them finish murdering all the priests and relocating people to collective farms . 
   mark rubio is seen as a moderate , but he 'd probably be in line with people like the bnp and national front in europe it 's marco * rubio and you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  rubio is far from in line with front national . 
  our republican party is barely different than your conservative party . 
  trump might be more in line with ukip, 
  this has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  that 's a domestic issue . 
  free trade can exist without nato so i do n't think that 's a realistic dilemma , either . 
  i both support free trade and a full withdrawal of the us from nato . 
  europe can defend themselves and we will continue to trade as normal . 
  i agree that we should downscale our military to an extent , but a lot of the cost is due to inefficiency like questionable contracts with boeing and lockheed . 
  the profit margins on those are absurd ( like 50 % + ) and they give all kinds of kickbacks to politicians who keep the money flowing , including a $ 900,000 kickback boeing paid to hilary two years ago for securing them a contract . 
  our military personnel are also extremely overpaid ( housing allowance , massive stipend , free college , no taxes etc )  we proportionally have 1/3 of the nato population , so should have 1/3 of the military requirement . 
  fair is fair . 
  or just withdraw completely . 
  russia is a threat to them , maybe , but not us . 
  let them deal with their own problems . 
  we are n't the world police . 
  us should n't even be a part of nato . 
  i want to see w. europe try to fund their own military and see if they can simultaneously maintain their welfare state without economic collapse . 
  well the rest of the country is voting for trump , so it 's more than a fantasy . 
  sorry if it does n't fit your narrative of progress, 
  nowhere near the extent of the ukrainian government . 
  and forming empires will never be over , unless you live in the star trek universe where humans somehow shed their nature .
