   i only heard from rednecks or someone 's racist parents . 
  is it racist that [ 22 % of food stamps are consumed by hispanics ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/07/12/the-politics-and-demographics-of-food-stamp-recipients/ ) even though they only comprise 17 % of the us , or is that your idea of hard working ? 
  i 'm curious where you lived in the us because it seems like you just have n't got a clue . 
  maybe a liberal bubble of white people like portland or seattle ? 
  but who am i to argue . 
  you lived here two whole years at one point . 
   that 's not some kind of stereotype , it 's a perfectly reasonable response given the environment they 're living in the common stereotype in the us is that mexicans are lazy , not hard working . 
  you do n't live in the us so i do n't expect you to be aware of that which is what makes it so weird that you 're trying to explain what you perceive as a demographic phenomenon in my country, 
  lol , mexicans in the us are not hard workers . 
  they 're the same as everyone else , some lazy some hard working . 
  positive stereotypes do n't make you any less of a bigot, 
  france declared war on germany before that you dimwit, 
  military expansion does n't fuel economic recovery . 
  still not seeing when the 50 % + polling in favor of clinton happened that you mentioned . 
  still not seeing how your allusion to 2012 is anything more than baseless conjecture . 
  the wall just got 10 feet higher , bud, 
  still not seeing the 50 % + polling in favor of clinton you speak of nor do i care about your basesless conjectures on polling bias, 
  not sure where you 're getting that info but clinton barely leads and never topped 50 . 
  you claim i 'm cherry picking polls when it does n't fit your narrative but most polling shows that americans favor a wall , and yet you picked the outlier . 
  and of course you oppose it , all those uneducated democrats flowing in http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/current_events/immigration/august_2015/voters_want_to_build_a_wall_deport_felon_illegal_immigrants, 
  latest polls showed something like 42 trump 44 clinton , so half . 
  no one who lives here is obtuse enough to think 61 % of americans oppose the wall and since math is apparently not your forte , 42 + 61 = 101, 
  half this country supports trump . 
  that poll is utter bull shit and most of the anti-wall demographic is mexican, 
  great , we have a bout 40 million mexicans , thought you might want them, 
  ironically , the writer of that poem was a jewish zionist , and her ideals never at any point in history represented american electorate 's position on immigration . 
  it 's not like we held a referendum to put that poem there, 
  but the free college will make them stop murdering things, 
  accusations of heresy have been so few and far between ... 
  the most famous cases were arianism and gnosticism , both more than 1800 years ago . 
  plus kings did n't have the power to do that so i 'm going to go out on a limb and say your comparison is terrible, 
  the question was why the uk did n't keep their promise . 
  the existence of the secret protocol is evidence of their violation not the reason for it . 
  it would be like if nato invoked article 5 and the us were like `` lol jk , there 's a secret protocol we did n't warn you about , enjoy 50 years of soviet occupation ! '', 
   article i. 
   should one of the contracting parties become engaged in hostilities with a european power in consequence of aggression by the latter against that contracting party , the other contracting party will at once give the contracting party engaged in hostilities all the support and assistance in its power . 
  whatever the case may be , the uk had apparent authority and a public promise to defend poland despite any secret stipulations . 
  the question is `` why did n't the uk defend poland from the ussr ? '', 
  the fact that they did n't legally have to ( debatable ) does n't explain why they modified their agreement with poland a mere week before the invasion nor does it explain why they would include secret protocol in the first place , which is in itself violation of a promise to poland as a nation if not a violation against the polish politicians who signed it . 
  the polish-british common defense act was superior to the secret protocol you quoted and did not specifically name germany . 
  ussr invaded poland in the same month . 
  where was your promise when that happened ? 
  the cultural center / capital of the holy roman empire was prague ( and later vienna ) so for that to happen again austria would be taking control of germany and prague and displacing the czech untermenschen, 
  they were in invaded and occupied numerous times by england . 
  problem is they 're all deforested now so the traditional tactic of running around naked in the bushes with an ax is n't nearly as effective, 
  you were n't wrong but in english the idiom is `` to talk ( or speak ) but say very little '' because the syntax is funky otherwise . 
  i 'm being overly pedantic, 
  speaks * many words, 
  the irish have those distinct sloping foreheads and protruding brow lines . 
  unlike the spanish government which is totally functional, 
   if you want to verify this for yourself , here let 's see , according to those `` accurate '' polls cruz should have pulled about 30 % of the delegates and trump should have pulled 40 % . 
  in reality trump got about 75 % so i guess they were within 35 points ? 
  scotch is short for scotch whisky ( scottish whisky ) . 
  so yeah , you 're right , the words are interchangeable even if one is archaic . 
  he 's going to win . 
   polls about trump have been pretty good generally the polls were predicting jeb !, 
  would win the nomination as recent as last fall . 
  the polls are shit and they 're run by leftist dingleberries who think they can sway public opinion via herd mentality, 
  oh how the turntables ... 
   * the president of the united states * the former leader of the opposition * the current prime minister i think i 'll roll with trump , putin and la pen [ sic ] over those guys . 
  the imf and bank of england have pretty obvious financial interest in a federalized europe so it 's not really surprising that their globalist asses want uk to stay in the eu at the expense of the general population, 
  and that berlin wall image comes from an older image of hitler and stalin as newly weds . 
   but it 's also a term used in other formal discourse as well as in everyday language it 's really not . 
  nope . 
  you can find more information on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de_facto ) . 
  the terms `` de facto '' and `` de jure '' are used when referring to matters of law , governance , or technique ( such as standards ) that are found in the common experience as created or developed without or contrary to a regulation . 
  again , not sure if danes use the term differently , but you would come off as pretty damn foreign if you referred to a practicing christian as a `` de facto '' christian . 
  i was continuing your use of the word . 
  the term * de facto * is used to describe things like a state of something ie . 
  a territory or a law . 
  using it to describe religious beliefs is just bad syntax and bad english / latin . 
  sorry about danish schools i guess . 
  yes , and in my original comment i said that he is n't openly non-religious ( de jure agnostic ) so we 're in agreement despite your confusion over the english language . 
  if he 's a de facto agnostic , that means he 's effectively agnostic ; agnostic in practice . 
  openly agnostic would mean he explicitly identifies as such . 
  pretty sure i understand my native language better than you . 
  he 's a de facto lutheran , actually , unless latin phrases are used differently in danish . 
   although i 'm pretty sure that he is a member of the church of denmark just like 80 % of the population that 's probably so but in any case he is n't `` openly non-religious . '', 
  so really no different than the us , not that irreligion is necessarily a good thing . 
  same regime , same atheism that did n't bring the world peace which antitheists envisage . 
   do you think holodomor affected only jewish ? 
  nope . 
  never said that at all . 
   and it 's most likely due to soviet incompetence incredibly unlikely considering the following : ( i ) exporting 1.8 million tonnes of grain during the mass starvation ( enough to feed more than five million people for one year ) , ( ii ) preventing migration from famine afflicted areas ( which may have cost an estimated 150,000 lives ) and ( iii ) making no effort to secure grain assistance from abroad ( which caused an estimated 1.5 million excess deaths ) , as well as the attitude of the stalinist regime in 1932 -- 33 that many of those starving to death were `` counter-revolutionaries '' , `` idlers '' or `` thieves '' who fully deserved their fate  nothing to due with ussr 's stance on religion . 
  how about the mass murder of orthodox clergy in the great purge ? 
  does that have nothing to do with their stance on religion ? 
  get real , froggy . 
  i was referring to the holodomor and forced deportation of ethnic minorities in the ussr . 
  do they not teach that in french schools ? 
  the king and pm of denmark are both belong to the church of denmark so i 'm not sure what you 're getting at . 
  you could speculate that they are only nominally religious but the us has had dozens of nominally religious presidents . 
  well you see , unilateral hatred of religion is the solution to all the world 's problems . 
  that 's why atheist regimes never incite mass starvation or deport millions of jews to an oblast in bum fuck nowhere . 
  edit : wait a sec . . 
  you live under a rock or what ? 
  polls are showing [ 55 % in favor of leave . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-poll-brexit-leave-campaign-10-point-lead-remain-boris-johnson-nigel-farage-david-a7075131.html ), 
  hungary , bulgaria , austria , slovenia , macedonia and greece already have border fences , so quite a few actually . 
  a lot more if you count all the politicians in ukip , fn , afd etc. 
   because what brought us into war with britain and independence was n't lofty concepts of `` inalienable rights endowed by our creator '' possibly , but that 's your personal speculation .
