i do n't see why you think i am one of those people as i 'm firmly against taking care of the refugees . 
  but alright . 
  of course not . 
  or was that sarcasm ? 
  if it was it was inappropriate . 
  on point 3 , saying that the income ` inequality ' is the fault of the eu ( it 's not even a country , you 're not a real skeptic if you believe that it is ) is nonsense . 
  are you a socialist or something ? 
  here 's a funny one : belgium actually thinks it 's a nation-state . 
  great , i can actually do the uk and germany as well . 
  it 's not a good project if crappy politicians are running it . 
  a single loud voice on a military level can easily be shown via nato and that happens . 
  western governments are often just too scared of doing these things even though in my opinion they should just say ` fuck you ' . 
  you were saying the chinese government has n't replied , something like nato could help you in using ` big gun diplomacy ' towards other countries . 
  ever heard of nato ? 
  i usually say that to people who pretend europe would be pre-ww2 . 
  i was not talking about people from the uk coming to visit us , just in general , even in their own country . 
  i 've met plenty of them who thought i was british myself ( i have their accent ) so i doubt they treated me nicer because i was a foreigner . 
  anyway , leaving the eu would give us the means to do something about these problems , we are n't even allowed to do anything as long as we 're part of it , same for the refugee problem we currently have in the mediterranean . 
  i do n't have anything against foreigners , i have something against criminals and exploiters . 
  i 'll be honest i have a positive bias with some countries , for example the uk , but that does n't mean i 'd dislike people simply because they 're romanian . 
  i can give you an example i personally encountered , a couple of months ago we got fiber optic cables in our city , and some bulgarians and romanians had the job to place them . 
  had to open up all the pavements , and get into people 's houses at times as well . 
  in 1 particular neighbourhood it was found that they 'd actually stolen items from everyone 's houses . 
  the eurozone is of course the monetary union of the eu but since it 's closely related i assumed you 'd be able to figure that out on your own , anyway , the eu is not exactly a loose union when it allows its citizens to live , work and study in any of the members . 
  especially the ` live ' and ` work ' are problematic here , not for you , of course , but for us they are . 
  the eu can not make trade agreements that are more advantageous for the netherlands than the one we 'd make ourselves , because the eu acts in the interest of the entire union , rather than just our national interest . 
  do n't think our country was unscathed by world war 2 , the germans definitely looted quite a bit when it was obvious that they 'd lose , also a lot was lost in the fighting , and they practically bombed our most important port city into dust . 
  the eu is not a trade agreement , rather a political and monetary union , monetary unions are by default disadvantageous for wealthy and well-organised countries when engaged with poor ex-communists . 
  the eu is not needed for trade to exist , we can make our own trade agreements . 
  oh , of course , i forgot to mention ; we do gain * something * , that being loads of people from eastern europe who 're either criminals or work for their own countries ' minimum wage in our country . 
  of course someone from romania would see it that way , you do n't know how it is living in a wealthy nation , having to compensate for the shortcomings of others whilst gaining * nothing * in return . 
  haha what have you been smoking ? 
  then y' all join us !, 
  deal . 
  i 'm quite sure norway is experimenting with that , do n't know about the rest of europe though . 
  you 're not surprised right ? 
  i mean , the nos is rather pathetic . 
  28 of the world 's 28 best countries are european !, 
  as if that was ever going to happen . 
  everyone should just ignore that stupid referendum . 
  how idiotic , the entire situation in ukraine started because the previous president refused to sign this very treaty last minute , and now we 're going to deny it to them anyways , after the entire shitstorm with putin ? 
  i hate my fellow dutch for voting against this , i swear . 
  they are way too extreme on copyright and voting for them is more of a protest vote . 
  you should also remember switzerland is unique and what works for them does n't always work for everyone else . 
  i was talking about icelanders wanting to vote for the pirate party . 
  again it shows how easily swayed people are by media . 
  ok i get you do n't want to vote for the corrupt pm , but that does n't mean you have to vote for an irrational party with unrealistic goals . 
  a protest vote is never a good idea . 
  so well educated almost half of it would vote for the pirate party . 
  also happens to be very small , generally rich and well educated . 
  try direct democracy in the us . 
  it has n't , because it 's impractical and dangerous . 
  the public is just too susceptible to mass media and sudden changes of mind . 
  take russia as an example , plenty of people i know thought world war 3 would break out , even though that was extremely unlikely . 
  same with terrorism , one attack happens and even though practically nothing changes people suddenly feel the need to stay home more often or not go on flights . 
  the chances of getting caught up in a terrorist attack do n't increase after a major attack , i 'd even go as far as to say they decrease . 
  or the refugee crisis , remember that ( fake ) picture of a drowned baby in the aegean and how everyone suddenly supported taking in all refugees ? 
  then a terrorist attack happens and people turn again . 
  the public is just too random and forgetful . 
  maybe not , but people such as pms are generally quite competent . 
  you will never have an equal chance to influence your destiny , because of how you were born . 
  it 's unfair but if you have a problem with that go complain to god or something . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  i 'm not a criminal or islamic extremist though . 
  well certainly more so than some random citizen with a double-digit iq . 
  and what does work ? 
  communism ? 
  fascism ? 
  direct democracy ? 
  the answer to all those 3 questions is no . 
  can we just accept that nothing works 100 % ? 
  that 's true , but you still need some input from the population in case someone starts abusing power . 
  i think representative democracy is a nice balance between competence and input from the people . 
  side note : there are * some * people who i believe should not be allowed to vote at all . 
  gloriously impractical and dangerous . 
  most germans have no idea about fiscal policy so why the hell should they have a say in it ? 
  the only thing you achieve is massively increasing the chances of terrible policy decisions . 
  they 're running out so obviously they 're lowering their standards . 
  makes sense . 
  best - uk worst - estonia , by far the worst colours . 
  why the fuck would they even sign it then ... 
  what the fuck is the point of a demonstration ... what a waste of time , also looks like they do n't know what capitalism is ... 
  with very good reason : to prevent these cancerous individuals from spreading their ideology to other inmates . 
  who cares if it 's torture , they themselves do n't respect human rights so why should human rights apply to them ? 
  not everyone is an extremist sympathiser . 
  you 're in europe , not saudi arabia . 
  ps : you might be on a list now . 
  let 's be real , these guys probably do n't consider themselves dutch either . 
  why should we ? 
  aw , how sad , a couple of terrorists in isolation . 
  it 's truly terrible that these citizens are treated so unjustly !, 
  / s how can you even say that ... 
  they could be shot and i 'd celebrate it . 
  worthless scum should n't even classify as ` human ' . 
  by the way , you can hardly make their mental state worse , that 'd be quite a feat . 
  that 's a bit weird . 
  regardless , that still does n't take into account things like culture and leaves this poll very inapplicable to people personally . 
  i guess it does give you some idea of how happy the average person is , but many people misuse this data as a way of showing ` if i 'd live there i 'd be much happier ' which just does n't make sense . 
  i can take myself as an example , i live in the netherlands right now , which is actually ranked higher than the uk . 
  but i want to move to the uk for multiple reasons : university , career ( city of london ) , language ( i really like english much more than dutch ) , taxes , culture ( i like british people more ) , less bureaucracy , better contact with the us ( more opportunities to go there via businesses ) etc. . .
