  it 's not reasonable whatsoever . 
  being born in a specific place does n't entitle you to anything ; i do n't see why someone would be more of a priority to look after than someone else just because they happened to be born in britain . 
  what about we look at what kind of contributions they make to society ? 
  i always get this when redditing in the bus or when i 'm with my family haha, 
  honestly it seems quite reasonable to demand . 
  it 's quite necessary that someone who will most likely often spend their time abroad , in cooperation with foreign organisations , speaks english to some degree . 
  i 'm quite sure any soldier already has to speak english since that 's nato 's language ... 
  a unified command structure is always more efficient , plus it 'd cement our military alliance . 
  there 'd be no risk of one country suddenly changing its mind and switch sides . 
  military integration would be a good thing . 
  then we can finally unite all these small and relatively insignificant militaries ( germany , france and the uk are only medium powers , by the way ) into a huge army only second to the united states , which conveniently happens to be our ally . 
  aw , how sweet !, 
  i swear i responded to a different comment , my apologies lol, 
  the fact that it would make sense is not a form of evidence . 
  i guarantee it , there will be conspiracy theories about the government staging the assassination of jo cox in order to win the referendum . 
  and $ 6.000.000 , - next year , right ? 
  triggered, 
  guys , if someone has to leave , just let it be france . 
   in france ? 
  answered your own question . 
  damn , why do n't we start hosting gladiatorial combat for football fans ? 
  would be fun and society would be rid of them too !, 
  persia has a more positive implication these days than iran does , though . 
  the timing is certainly a bit suspicious . 
  good thing , but for some reason i feel like they 're just doing it to score points for remain in the referendum . 
  the uk has much more power outside of europe than germany does . 
   it is not even a medium power . 
  it 's in the big five and top 10 largest economies in the world , the fuck are you talking about ... 
  and the first world war was supposed to end all wars . 
  assimilation in the us is a lot easier because being ` american ' is more of a mentality than a real culture or ethnicity . 
  if you believe in freedom and building your own life you 'll probably be just fine in the us . 
  my uncle is from konya . 
  he acts like an american but for some strange reason still votes for erdogan via post . 
  the fact that he acts like an american is also weird because we 're all dutch . 
  i was n't talking about specific laws themselves . 
  rather , the construction of those systems themselves . 
  could you perhaps tell me what your political and judicial system is based on ? 
  nice assumption , i meant the financial times and the guardian . 
  the skill shortages list only lists engineers and healthcare/energy fields ( and some other small groups ) . 
  i 'm studying economics so i 'd most likely end up being an analyst for a first job . 
  i only read british newspapers online , but whatever . 
  if they leave , being a prospective student who wants to stay afterwards , i 'm fucked . 
  you have the roman heritage though . 
  of course not a lot of people identify with that , but it 's something . 
  belgium , i suppose . 
  they 're just as fucked up though . 
  how would that happen ? 
  people who focus on their career instead of kids will always have an advantage . 
  you ca n't exactly force people to have kids either . 
  no but you want a career right ? 
  having kids at that age basically throws any chance of an above average job out of the window . 
  redistribution . 
  just encourage mixing and it 'll be fine . 
  we should build rehabilitation camps where they lose their islamic traditions and start appreciating western values !, 
  i 'd rather import migrants than * force * people to shorten their education . 
  it 's nice in the west , i suppose . 
  aside from that , yeah , do n't go there . 
  uk doing well , actually i 'm positively surprised by western europe as a whole . 
  like me !, 
  thank you, 
  thank you !, 
  i want to study in the uk so it helps . 
  i feel like geography is threatening our national sovereignty , as such i propose to leave earth altogether . 
  i call for a referendum !, 
  it works if people do n't know what actual democracy is . 
  that 's why it works in north korea , 
  it will be known as : the european * empire * !, 
  what 's curious is that this is uniquely french , which really does n't make sense . 
  nobody is forcing anyone to work , these people chose to take these jobs . 
  also : what the hell is up with this idiotic and backwards striking culture in france ? 
  have n't had time to civilise ? 
  now let 's take a look at gdp per capita !, 
  just because a part of a nation is doing badly does n't mean everyone is . 
  also : because of much higher nominal gdp germany and the uk have a different poverty line . 
  there 's a very strong correlation . 
  it would be interesting to see what happens to a country after a right-wing populist takes over , glad we have austria to experiment on !, 
  is n't that how it always works ? 
  intelligent people usually vote either economically right wing but socially liberal or slightly to the left , but very rarely extreme . 
  typical medieval values of asserting dominance . 
  was n't this something that has always been associated with arabs ? 
  how sexually aggressive they are ? 
  i used to think of those claims as baseless racism but i feel like my opinion is changing . 
  anyways , if they 're here to challenge our authority , i think we ought to show them some authority back . 
  are you implying that i should n't be surprised because it 's kids or something ? 
  baseless racism against polish people ? 
  i 'm not comparing the uk to nazi germany , i 'm just particularly curious about this part of cornwall . 
  what the hell is this , nazi germany ? 
  i swear some people are just beyond me ... 
  yeah sorry that 's what i meant . 
  but i wanted to say that for the uk they use the pm 's name , not the monarch . 
  so i assume that 's what they did for the netherlands as well . 
  but david is . 
  to clarify : it refers to the first name of the president if there is one , and pm if there is n't . 
  we all know it 's directed at russia ... 
  multiple options : 1 . 
  minimise the damage by westernising them asap and integrating them into our economy , kick out the criminals . 
  wall, 
   i have seen articles where they claim that ukraines song is political i mean , was n't it ? 
   it would only take one nuclear attack on the centre of london to send the uk economy back to the dark ages . 
  if it comes to that point we 're all going back to the dark ages anyway .
