  furthermore i 'd like to kick-start my career early . 
  not important ? 
  it would n't be if companies such as goldman sachs would n't specifically hire from a select group of top universities , no . 
  did n't i just tell you i wanted to move to the uk ? 
  what , you thought that was because of the weather or something ? 
  london is the world 's financial centre , but do n't worry . 
  i heard wall street 's doing quite well too . 
  did you ever take one look at the world university rankings ? 
  my grades are good enough to get me into ucl . 
  it 'd be crazy for me to go anywhere else . 
  well , i still will . 
  just not permanently like i planned . 
  i 'm going to get my degree and go somewhere else where they do want me . 
  do n't pretend like the leave campaign was n't against immigration , that was the main point . 
  you do n't want eu immigration . 
  you might say that i 'm an exception because i would have a university degree but you can fuck right off . 
  i 'm with my fellow europeans and if you do n't want them you can forget about me staying , no matter how much juicy taxmoney you could potentially squeeze out of me . 
  not particularly , no . 
  i hope you understand i do n't feel very welcome . 
  i want to move to the uk . 
  keep dreaming, 
  yes but you want single market access , it 's necessary to keep passporting rights . 
  it means that they have to give up their demands to limit immigration . 
  then he better fixes his hair , lol . 
  how are you supposed to take the working class into account when they 're too stupid to even vote in their own interests and read the sun ... fuck those people . 
  the us yeah ? 
  well let 's hope he 's better friends with hillary or trump because his relationship with obama is n't too good . 
  gove did n't pick his haircut :p, 
  you forget the city . 
  oh now it 's on . 
  britain has to fold or say goodbye to it 's financial services . 
  wait what ? 
  the fuck is this shit , go ireland !, 
  is it really that difficult for women , though ? 
  i looked up what the fitness test in my country ( netherlands ) for the navy consists of . 
  as someone who does n't really work out at all ( cycling 15 miles per day is pretty much all i do in that respect ) i do n't really see myself having any trouble passing it , and i know a lot of women who are fitter than i am ( i 'm not overweight or anything , probably just average ) . 
  why would n't those women be able to pass the training program ? 
  combined arms is obviously very important . 
  furthermore it 's not particularly difficult to hold out against an enemy ; you can essentially run away and do guerrilla warfare forever ( as long as you have at least some level of local support ) . 
  it 's not like the jihadis have any chance of actually winning , they 're just so ridiculously extreme that they wo n't give up . 
  is it that much effort just to let them try , though ? 
  i mean , just eliminate gender-based selection procedures and let them train together with the men . 
  if they fail , too bad . 
  if they succeed then what 's the problem ? 
  it does n't cost that much just to let somebody do a fitness test , right ? 
  also true . 
  to me it seems like the british do n't know their place . 
  you have 2 things going for you ; finance and universities . 
  you 're not so powerful that you can start demanding things from the largest ( or ex largest once the uk leaves ) economy in the world . 
  that goes either way . 
  if they do n't join the eea but instead take just a free-trade deal ( or nothing whatsoever ) then the remainder of the electorate will be very angry . 
  they put themselves in quite a bad position , honestly . 
  but i must admit , up until this point i never really believed that politicians would rather ruin their country than lose an election . 
  even if you 're the most selfish person in the world , 5 years of control does n't seem worth it to destroy a country over . 
  majority of leave voters does n't make for a majority of the total . 
  only 2 % of leave voters would have to prefer staying in the single market to make it even , and there 's probably more than 2 % who do n't want the economic shock . 
  just on a sidenote , if you think immigrants who actually contribute to the economy are more of a problem than a complete crash , you 're completely retarded ( not meaning you personally , just in general ) . 
  your country is doomed if these people are who the government listens to . 
  implying that tanking the economy would n't risk their position ? 
  you have to remember that most , if not all leave voters , voted the way they did because they wanted their situation to change for the better . 
  regardless of whether or not the eu was the right organisation to blame for their economic situation , if the tories manage to destroy the economy ( even whilst doing exactly what the voters wanted ) they 'll be gone by the next election . 
   now , both claims may be true . 
  they are n't . 
  nit-picking but the uk is the 6th largest economy . 
  furthermore germany would like to sell it 's cars , sure ; but unlike britain , they could do without the trade agreement . 
  this would actually force a general election if it 'd eliminate the conservative majority ; go europe !, 
  let 's just pretend nothing happened . 
  i have absolutely no problem with ignoring the stupid leave voters who complain about being ignored all the time . 
  they 're being rightfully ignored because they 're a. voting against their own interests and b. do n't have logic . 
  in what way is fdi related to london ? 
  the north of england is just not even worth investing in in the first place . 
  do n't blame london , blame yourself for being unattractive to investors . 
  do they have some sort of obligation to provide subsidies to other parts of the country ? 
  this is what you get for relying on soon-to-be outsourced industries . 
  it 's not like people in detroit are blaming the eu for their economic downfall are they ? 
  the downturn of traditional industry in western countries has nothing to do with either the eu or london , so fuck off . 
  they ca n't force the uk out , though . 
  article 7 is far too extreme to be realistically applicable , so suck it . 
  well yes , it is , but come on , you ca n't seriously believe that we should always do what the public wants , even when it clearly results in catastrophe ? 
  as a lot of people mentioned , constitutional changes often require a 2/3rds majority , and this is even more important than that . 
  you 're really going to let 52 % of a country ( less actually , not everyone voted ) screw over the rest ? 
  especially when their vote was largely based on lies ? 
  all member states would have to agree though , and slovakia just said they want to keep the uk in . 
  you do n't make that call bud . 
  actually , you wo n't be making any calls whatsoever soon enough . 
  thankfully this nutjob is n't the person who gets to decide that . 
  well , cyprus is still part of the eu as a commonwealth member . 
  they 're going to be angry because it 's not in their best interests . 
  but should we not do things just because some lazy racist does n't like it ? 
  fuck them . 
  does n't that depend on the sector ? 
  sorry , i meant ` should n't ', 
  because ? 
  is a british xenophobic high school dropout worth more than a romanian with an oxford degree ? 
  english is taught in most european countries as far as i know . 
  simple solution : require people to prove their experience by listing previous employers . 
  but what about other sectors ? 
  maybe i 'm the best investment banker on the planet . 
  would you turn me away because i 'm not british ? 
  why should nationality entitle you to a priority in terms of employment ?
