  ` army ' was just a general term . 
  i said army because if i said ` military ' we would be talking about the navy as well and we 've already talked about their role . 
  i was referring to the armed forces on land , and yes , divisions would be sufficient . 
  edit : as for control , the eu should command these units , nato and the un could not be allowed to do this for obvious reasons so a joint european command would be a viable option . 
  banning is the first step in eliminating it . 
  if nothing else seems to work i 'm afraid we 'll just have to keep islam out of people 's minds . 
  i 'm not , i 've been to the middle east , even . 
  but do you have another suggestion ? 
  somewhere off of / r/worldnews , a british newspaper but i forgot which one . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to forbid something that goes against our values and seeks to destroy them . 
  or do you think people should be allowed to wear ss uniforms again ? 
  and who spread english to the us ? 
  they 're just symbolic . 
  plus at least catholicism is trying to keep up with the modern world . 
  homophobia and misogyny in particular are a part of that ` moderate ' view you want to cultivate . 
  this religion has no place in european society . 
  it 's far worse than something like catholicism , which at least attempts to modernise and keep up with the world . 
  islam is no different from what it was a thousand years ago . 
  it 's just as idiotic . 
  oh please , we ca n't just accept everything just because of some moral code which our enemies do n't live up to either . 
  the romans would occasionally let go of their ideals to apply a practical solution and i suggest we do the same . 
  we 're trying to imitate them after all , are n't we ? 
  learning about islam leads to extremism . 
  why ? 
  because extremist developments have nothing to do with hateful imams . 
  there will be senseless idiots who will be extremists , and some who will be normal people even though they 've been listening to these imams . 
  it does n't really have anything to do with the religion either , they 're just dissatisfied ( and mentally ill , or at least stupid ) and teaching them about islam will make them see it as an answer for their problems . 
  * especially * if they notice that there 's already another group out there fighting the same western ideals these youngsters are in conflict with . 
  we should prevent them from making the connection . 
  if they are n't muslims , they wo n't join isis for sure . 
  actually , them going to syria is the least of our worries ; they 're far more dangerous as an extremist at home . 
  not entirely , you 'd have to actively suppress it , the media would have to be anti-islamic and schools will have to teach against islam . 
  but it should be possible , things like this have worked in the past . 
  the argument is that they should n't really learn about their faith in the first place . 
  if they learn about islam it 'll only be so long before they start looking into isis and whether they 're ` true muslims ' or not . 
  radicalisation is n't caused by a hate imam , it 's caused by the dissatisfaction with society one experiences in ones ' teenage years . 
  for these kids islam just happens to be a convenient answer . 
  also : why is it still legal for parents to indoctrinate their kids into a religion ? 
  apparently nobody has an issue with people forcing kids to be muslims or any other religion . 
  can we please just let the kids decide for themselves when they 're old enough ? 
  public opinion can override a constitution . 
  if people would support the ban we can ban/suppress it . 
  and there 's always a way to interpret the constitution in such a way that a ban would be acceptable . 
  hmm , you certainly implied that you have a way of reducing it . 
  and let 's keep it english for the others , 
  from what i 've heard most city corporations are eager to stay in though . 
  i 'm quite sure the popularity of english is due to the uk , not the us . 
  or did you just completely miss [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire ) ? 
  we could just build border walls on the edges of europe . 
  it 's not as unreal as it sounds . 
  submarines guarding the mediterranean and the army on the borders . 
  you do n't even have a real government , ca n't build roads and ca n't grow proper food . 
  you 're telling me you can stop islamic fundamentalism when nobody else has managed to do that ? 
  it 's a religion from the dark ages , seems reason enough . 
  the eu symbolises european civilization , and so did the romans . 
  and it just so happened to be muslims who destroyed the final remains of the roman empire , so there you go . 
  it 's also fundamentally conflicting with our western ideals , and we 've banned more than enough things on the basis of that ( nazi symbology , for instance ) . 
  a european form of islam ? 
  what ? 
  please , religion has had no place in european culture since the 19th century , fuck off and modernise . 
  belarus , i never learned why the hell they became an independent country . 
  nah , nah , i do n't actually agree with the argument . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem that the state views my transactions in the first place . 
  i was merely pointing to the inconsistencies in people 's opinions . 
  you 're canadian so i just assumed . 
  it 's irrelevant because the majority of the people who make the same case as you do will be pro gun control . 
  and therefore hypocrites . 
  i love how you 're so against the state viewing your transactions but you 're against people owning firearms . 
  wait , what if the state becomes authoritarian ? 
  would they perhaps take advantage of the general population being disarmed ? 
  nah , that could n't happen right ? 
  i mean , hitler never said this : '' the most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms . 
  history shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing . 
  indeed , i would go so far as to say that the supply of arms to the underdogs is a sine qua non for the overthrow of any sovereignty . 
  so let 's not have any native militia or native police . 
  german troops alone will bear the sole responsibility for the maintenance of law and order throughout the occupied russian territories . '', 
  actually gold is liberty , but have it your way mate . 
  they will never do this unless someone else nukes them . 
  shut up about british women you filthy irish pig . 
  and that 's coming from a dutchman !, 
  ( uh , not the white british women , i actually only know non-white british women ), 
  most definitely belgium . 
  filthy traitors left us only to completely ruin what they stole . 
  aggh , the roads !, 
  thank god !, 
  nuke ankara , it 's not like russia would object . 
  nice try , actually i named my account after prussia . 
  what about the european union of socialist soviet republics, 
  19th century all over again motherfuckers !, 
  you can always do better , plus it can serve as an insurance of sorts ; take out potential rivals ( ie . 
  europe ) . 
  well , china did n't care much for the rest of the world , though . 
  power is useless if you do n't project it on others . 
  actually , by definition you do n't even really have power in the first place if you do n't use it somehow . 
  hmmhmm , they have dominated international trade since then though . 
  you 're right that europe only really achieved military dominance in the 19th century , but still , if someone has to be called dominant from the 15th century onwards i 'd give it to europe . 
  yes , i said since mate . 
  hmm , i 'd count rome as well , and honestly europe has been dominant since the 15th century . 
  china only recently started asserting itself again . 
  why not a billion euros on cluster bombs ?
