  and consistently threatening it 's neighbours ... 
  they did n't lose the war , but they were n't particularly effective against germany . 
  the only reason they did n't lose the war was because of the americans and brits . 
  why the fuck do people like china more than , say , romania ? 
  like , really ? 
  they 're a communist dictatorship that 's actively trying to expand it 's territory ... 
  yeah and the revolution occured because of russia losing constantly . 
  lol both loser countries . 
  only won because of the allies that * are * in the game . 
  but they 're already his voting base , so it 's not like he 's going to get more . . 
  this is n't going to help wilders ... 
  and the judge did n't consider that someone like this * might * be dangerous ? 
  wait 5 years ? 
  what ? 
  man fuck belgium , you really are the congo of europe . 
  i 'm really curious as to what friends turkey actually has left now that they 're both anti russia and anti western . 
  they 'll be on their own soon enough . 
  you guys are taking this stuff way too seriously ... me and the polish guy were joking . . 
  yeah wow , people take this stuff too seriously . 
  guess you won mate . 
  just like irl * cries in corner *, 
  i use french words occasionally , adds some flavour and my british friends like it . 
  that 's only because of the ussr , and they also totally rekt you . 
  they even said go fuck yourself afterwards !, 
  yeah that looks far better . 
  i 'm moving out but i 'd rather pass on siberia . 
  i think i 'll move to le royaume uni . 
  are you really incapable of seeing that this is all a joke ? 
  we were just having a banquet !, 
  you buncha wusses ca n't do shit if you 're not together , us prussians owned france , austria and russia together with the glorious * real * commonwealth !, 
  how motivating !, 
  you remind me , we were n't the only ones who destroyed your pussy , it was more like a multinational gangbang, 
  the glorious state that owned your ass, 
  at least burgundy was n't split as often :( my family is from prussia by the way , so take that sucker !, 
   nobody is ever stupid if you 're talking with a chavvy accent , you 're really gon na have to put in some effort to not come across as stupid . 
  he 's talking about that pathetic state that was just split up like a pizza in slices . 
  that wolf of wall street guy is definitely interesting . 
  regarding the analytic thinking ; in investment banking at least , there 's a lot of requirements when it comes to proficiency in mathematics ( officially , at least , i know they hire unqualified people sometimes for other reasons ) , and generally i think an mba is expected . 
  banking definitely is n't popular , which i feel is down to most people simply having no idea of what they 're actually doing . 
  that being said , if you 're making large-scale business deals you 're probably better off focussing on the bigger picture rather than small details . 
  that 's more something for lawyers and analysts to focus on . 
  and yeah , the average redditor , that 's very interesting . 
  i have absolutely no idea to be honest . 
  it 's hard to imagine your stereotypical ` stupid person ' ( ie . 
  a chav or something ) on reddit , especially because it 's nowhere near as popular as facebook . 
  that 's actually interesting too , i think we all feel distanced from the notorious ` stupid people ' , racists , extremists etc. . . we all think that those people are n't in our circle of friends or family , they 're somewhere ` out there ' but where we live we do n't have those issues etc. . . 
  which begs the question of how bad things actually are . 
  from what point on are you a racist , for example ? 
  is your grandfather who does n't trust arabs because of proven crime figures a racist ? 
  like where 's the line . 
  are you ? 
  because i 'm very certain that bankers on average are more intelligent than the average redditor . 
  dutch media often equals not wanting to let in refugees for all sorts of reasons to ` hating foreigners and being racist ' . 
  only wanting to let in refugees from warzones and sending them back when it 's safe is apparently a radical position here . 
  i do n't have anything against foreigners . 
  most of my friends are foreign and a lot of them are n't the same ` race ' as me . 
  i do n't see why that 'd influence my opinion on people . 
  the reason i do n't want economic migrants is because i do n't like it when people get stuff for doing nothing at all with no strings attached . 
  of course if you frame it as if i was a racist you 'd probably convince a lot more people that you 're right because it 's a lot more exciting than taking the middle ground . 
  this is one of the fundamental issues with democracy and to be honest i 've got absolutely no idea what we can do about people just following trends and believing everything . 
  limiting voting rights might be one option but that is n't very popular . 
  if using the flag has no nationalist connotation you 're probably very nationalistic already . 
  dutch * why is it so bland * why do i still live here * bureaucracy, 
  in first-world countries are diets are qualitatively sufficient enough that we do n't require a bidet . 
  obviously you barbarians do n't get that . 
  of course there is none more enlightened than random people on reddit !, 
  that 's not really what i meant ... by the way brits and americans are much nicer than the average dutch person . 
  most of my friends are english-speaking anyways . 
  but it does n't matter as i wo n't live here for that much longer anyways . 
   there is no rule that bans you to learn spanish and/or english . 
  would you kill dutch and , i do n't know adopt german ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  although let me know when you 're for killing all languages in the world , including yours , and adapting english since it 's more useful - than we can argue since than you 'll be coherent . 
  actually i would be for english as a main language in every country . 
  i prefer british/anglophone culture over dutch anyway . 
  it 's not difficult for you or me maybe , but that is n't exactly the case for everyone . 
  also : as soon as areas like the basque country catch up to the modern world you 'll be having a global culture anyways . 
  it already exists in most big cities and among the youth of most western countries . 
  regionalism is a thing of the past , and in my opinion that 's not a bad thing . 
  but does it really matter ? 
  if anything it 's just impractical to have a lot of small languages . 
  i think it 's a bit much to let kids learn basque , ( castilian ) spanish * and * english . 
  and let 's be honest , spanish and english are essential whereas basque really is n't that useful at all . 
  i think we should really move past this bullshit nationalism , all it does is create pointless conflicts about ` national pride ' . 
  russia might also just seize the opportunity to make turkey their slave . 
  weird , i 'd very much like klaver to join the coalition to provide some insights on climate change . 
  but then i 'm also a vvd ` er . 
  or it 's because the mainstream left-wing parties already achieved their aims ? 
  70 years ago at the aftermath of ww2 there was a lot to be fixed . 
  right now , though , people of all backgrounds have the same rights and access to education ( in the netherlands at least ) . 
  furthermore healthcare and benefits are well-managed . 
  therefore there is n't really any reason left to vote for the pvda other than to maintain what you already have . 
  those are n't the people , just a few party members . 
  valls has no obligation to be loyal to his party at all . 
  how do you even know what the people want when the election has n't even been held yet ? 
  left wing purists end up taking over mainstream left wing parties in response to the rise of far right populism , resulting in those parties becoming unappealing to the general public and therefore actually helping populism . 
  i would n't say this applies to sanders in the sense that it applies to corbyn , because sanders is hardly a left-wing purist . 
  you must not have read the article then . 
  it clearly states concerns about countries which had only recently become democracies and the rise of a far right leader in austria . 
  besides back then blair was in power .
