  it 's easier to write it in the language of the person/organisation you 're sending your letter to . 
  what language do you think they speak at the security council ? 
  swahili ? 
  heil dir im siegerkranz is pretty good though , your text just sucks . 
  the uk , actually i want to go live there now as well but i 'm still in hs so ... 
  prussia , united kingdom , ussr , austria-hungary . 
  i honestly do n't think he really believes that climate change is a hoax . 
  would n't surprise me if he just said that to win the industrial workers ' vote . 
  yeah how is it that german politicians all look like eastern-bloc bureaucrats from the 80s ? 
  i 'm not sure how this works in britain but special interest groups who donate to mps generally support remain right ? 
  do n't you think they 'd encourage mps to vote remain ? 
  this is completely ridiculous . 
  i can only imagine how jealous people start harassing people who earn more than $ 120k now all the time . 
  who the fuck came up with this idea ? 
   why are we letting ~ ~ lousy politicians and their political errors ~ ~ 52 % of the british electorate divide us well , i mean , they * did * vote for self-destruction . 
  i agree wholeheartedly , but taking away people 's right to vote because you disagree with them sets an awful precedent . 
  i feel very sorry for the 48 % and people under 18 . 
  and just like with pregnant women , they 'll do their best to get rid of you . 
  even then , you 'd miss a year in your early career which is pretty harmful as well . 
  they should just get unemployed people without diplomas to do this , or criminals or something , but not people who contribute to society and are in an important phase of life . 
  listen . 
  economics did not , in any way , convince any sane person to vote leave . 
  i personally believe the 2 main reasons for people to vote leave are sovereignty ( whatever the hell that 's supposed to imply ) and immigration . 
  i 've heard from friends in the north that many thought voting leave would stop the supposed ` islamisation ' of britain . 
  which is such a non-issue that it very clearly points to xenophobia . 
  there is no single rational factor that supports a leave vote . 
  all i can see is meaningless symbolism and some vague idea of taking back control ( from who , exactly ? ) . 
  it basically boils down to nationalism . 
  and since it 's very clear that the nation does n't benefit economically from a leave vote , the only possible explanation is that people feel like foreigners are taking things from them . 
  edit : also , in what way did he think this would help his children ? 
  they 're bot really socially conservative though are they . 
  germany messed it up before ww2 . 
  by that time i 'll be done with uni so that 's good, 
  would n't equate the vvd to the conservatives . 
  vvd is not actually conservative , just pro-capitalism . 
  yeah forgot it was iceland haha, 
  but how the hell did you pay for cost of living then ? 
  in before brexit is impossible . 
  the problem is that non-governmental groups are forcing/indoctrinating women into wearing it . 
  that 's unacceptable . 
  i also think it 's ridiculous that parents can force their kids to be religious and that should be banned as well . 
  they 're so desperate to get rid of their yugoslav past, 
  that all sounds very nice , but finlands economy shows disappointing results and it has high suicide rates so your system does n't seem to be working . 
  helsinki does n't attract people from all over the world does it ? 
  they go to new york or london instead because socialism discourages productivity and does not reward excellence . 
  that 's the fundamental problem ; a lack of incentive to be anything more than average . 
  as someone who hates being average , that 's just completely unacceptable . 
  you do realise that all those forms of socialism have been tried and they all failed right ? 
  in examples such as the ussr or prc it 's very clear that the more collectivised an economy becomes , the less efficient it gets . 
  they were both forced to allow private ownership to an extent to prevent total economic collapse or even famine . 
  the prc has now shifted to market-capitalism because that 's just better for everyone . 
  well that is their job now is n't it ? 
  they 've ( or should 've ) been promoted on the basis of them knowing that . 
  because workers are intelligent enough to know what to invest in ? 
  not as an incentive but as a means - what money are you going to spend on investments if you 've got none to spare ? 
  the thing is , profit is the thing that enables economic growth . 
  if there is no profit and everyone receives just enough to live their life then there is no growth which means that we as a society do not advance . 
  you do n't get it do you . 
  the point is lowering the burden on people that would actually use it to grow the economy . 
  lowering taxes also does not equal making less money , because people also spend more which means that there 's more to tax . 
  long-term lower taxes can actually end up making you more money . 
  disclaimer before i get into this argument : there 's a lot of opinions on what the difference is between socialism , democratic socialism and social democracy so let 's not make too big of a deal out of the specific terminology because some people just assign the opposite meaning to the terms . 
  finland is very focussed on egalitarianism and they 've got very strong social security , high taxes and are looking to implement basic income . 
  all of these things are detrimental to economic growth because they limit economic freedom and are especially damaging to people who might invest that money . 
  extremely rich people will just avoid paying their taxes anyway . 
  the only thing you achieve by rising top brackets ' tax rates is damaging the people who invest in the economy and start new businesses . 
  socialism , 
  agreed , then we 'd have a ` clarkson , may , hammond ' cabinet !, 
  the only reason they want to dress like that is because they 've been indoctrinated from birth . 
  yeah but i mean , why would the fact that a religion forces women to cover themselves up be something to celebrate ? 
  it 's a sexist dress code . 
  that 's the problem . 
  they 're literally forcing women to cover themselves up which is illegal whether it 's a fucking private company or not . 
  you can join the refugees and say you lost your passport . 
  yeah well , just get the hell out of there . 
  i never said that it was unconditional and that it was continuous . 
  and they definitely were cooperating with nazi germany as well . 
  their trade deals were quite extensive . 
  39 is not initially . 
  the entire reasoning behind the ussr 's 5-year plans was that they had to catch up to the west in order to prevent them from destroying the ussr . 
  the soviets also switched foreign secretaries , when molotov took over they were much more willing to ally with germany . 
  obviously everyone hoped that the other 2 would destroy each other , but just saying . 
  for a few years , they started it back up quite rapidly . 
  stalin hated the west just as much , if not more , than nazi germany . 
  he wanted the nazi 's and allies to destroy each other , basically . 
  he did n't want to ally with the west initially . 
  the germans and russians were co-operating long before both hitler and stalin were even in power . 
  they started basically right after world war 1 , where the soviets gave the germans opportunities for re-armament in exchange for the soviets receiving technology and military theories . 
  change can pretty much always be capitalised , no matter whether or not it 's good or bad change . 
  banks only have a problem when they 've already invested in something and it suddenly goes the other way . 
  well no shit , was there anyone that actually believes it 's possible to prevent every attack ever ? 
  well they did show the establishment how stupid they are and that it 's probably a * good * idea to marginalise them even further for the sake of everyone 's well-being . 
  who cares , we can just build a wall . 
  well alright , justifying is the wrong word , but keeping bad press away from government policies is n't exactly a good thing either . 
  soviet practices like that should n't be necessary in a democracy . 
  then why exactly did they initially withhold information about these attacks and why did they try to cover up which people did it ? 
  wow , nitpicking a grammatical error , really ? 
  you sure you 're responding to the right comment ? 
  no , that 's even worse . 
  just noticed you 're from romania .
