  i do n't like the left anything but why the hate against free trade ? 
  as a liberal i fail to see how people see a solution in protectionism . 
  destroying the eu also would dramatically reduce european influence on the world scale . 
  there 's macron who 's definitely focussed on addressing france 's issues . 
  also : the eu is a large extension of france 's power since they and germany effectively rule it . 
  why 'd they abandon it ? 
  can you read ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm proposing !, 
  being from a certain area does n't mean you share the extreme religious beliefs of said area . 
  i 'm from a catholic conservative dutch village but i do n't associate with those beliefs in any way . 
  just look at individuals rather than groups . 
  you 're gon na have to screen people anyway before giving them visas . 
  if that 's the case it 's clearly not the parents ' fault . 
  rather it 's segregation and children of immigrants only interacting with each other . 
  i see it a lot and causes the behaviour you 're describing . 
  yeah because it * is * racist . 
  rather than testing people based on where they 're from why ca n't you hold personal interviews in order to figure out in how far they 're aligned with western cultural values and then judge on that basis ? 
   you need a visa , need health insurance , have to prove you have anough money to live on , and are asked to leave if you dont get a job after two years etc. 
  h1-b visa is extremely easy to get and the terms are much simpler than that . 
  it 's basically : get a bachelors ' and get a company to sponsor you . 
  that 's just a wrong definition . 
  ethnicity is used to describe people who have a similar genetic background . 
  it 's completely unrelated to your behaviour . 
  example : a friend of mine 's ethnically indian , but she does n't speak hindi/other indian language , she 's not a hindu but an atheist and almost exclusively has british friends . 
  it 's not tenuous at all . 
  actually , at the time , most senior german politicians thought that when hitler came to power as chancellor he was going to screw it up and everything 'd return to normal come the next election . 
  of course , the next election never came ... 
  no not really . 
  i despise both the far right and the far left . 
  but then i 'm a filthy capitalist who supports things like ttip so what do i know right . 
  is it ? 
  how come ? 
  the problem here is that you 're grouping them based on ethnicity which is unrelated to both their culture and their behaviour . 
  in fact , that very grouping is what 's creating the problem in the first place , and what causes them to see themselves not as ` dutch ' but as moroccan , foreign , or whatever . 
  those people in zaandam you 're probably referring to disgust me too , but their behaviour is unrelated to them being of moroccan/turkish descent . 
  it 's due to their parents being essentially non-existent which means they lack a real upbringing . 
  their parents were never westernised . 
  they might not even speak dutch . 
  this means their parents ca n't support them in dutch society and it 's essentially as if they 're all orphans , essential difference being that they do have homes and parents who in a way take care of them , but they still do n't have anything to do . 
  why we do n't require every immigrant who comes here to learn dutch/english before granting them permanent residence is honestly beyond me , and now our soft attitude is biting us in the back . 
  regardless ; it 'd be insane to generalise based on ethnicity and i think you should treat this on a case-by-case basis . 
  i must say we dutch really deal with immigrants in a bizarre manner . 
  how come indians in the uk are completely integrated yet moroccans here are almost a society on their own ? 
  you do n't choose poverty , no . 
  but your choices in the past are what result in your poverty . 
  far too often i 've seen people blame their own mistakes on others . 
  yeah sorry i meant economic , i know economical is doing something based on what yields the best roi . 
   a new norm then it starts to become a problem . 
  that 's my point , the economy 's recovered . 
   income inequalities are still growing i 'm not really sure where the idea comes from that income is distributed in a top-down manner but it is n't . 
  whenever someone says ' i do n't get paid enough for what i do ' i just roll my eyes . 
  like , seriously , your salary is a result of the job you agreed to do , do n't expect it to magically go up in the future when you yourself do n't even change . 
   how exactly ? 
  the economy is actually growing quite decently at the moment , government budgets ( at least here ) are a lot better than they were and all in all things are improving . 
   public services see a constant decline this probably sounds really arrogant , but if you 're in a position where you can not survive without social security you 've wasted your life anyway . 
  i honestly ca n't fathom how someone can be content and not feel horribly guilty when relying on social security . 
  germany is unique in this regard though , do n't you think ? 
  in germany kids are taught how bad the far-right is from early on , does n't really happen in , say , france . 
  economical problems ? 
  then why did n't we see these results in the elections right after the crash ? 
  why do people vote far right just when the economy is actually improving ? 
  i do n't really understand how in 2012 in the netherlands establishment parties got over half the vote yet currently when the situation has drastically improved , people want to vote far-right . 
  god be with us . . 
  obv they do n't . 
  do n't worry i know what it 's about . 
  the problem is that * because * everyone 's convinced it means something else it 's essentially as if it is in fact a referendum on the government . 
   italy you 're next . 
  ftfy , night ai n't over yet mate, 
  so people decide the fate of people ? 
  did n't know that !, 
  well i must honestly admit , my uncle is turkish and he makes amazing coffee . 
  as a dutch person i fully agree with this map . 
  i do n't think the wealth gap is the core of the problem to be honest . 
  many rather poor but progressive people such as students still support globalisation . 
  i think at the root of the division you see is that about half of the population values tradition and nationalism whereas the other half is in favour of a globalised modern society in which culture and tradition are irrelevant . 
  you can claim that some people are left behind by globalisation but to be honest that 's more or less their own fault . 
  i know so many people who refuse to move to a different city simply because they attach value to where their family is from ( idiotic imo ) and they strongly believe they * belong * in their home town . 
  it 's ideas like this where i think racism comes from , because obviously these people also believe that for example indian or polish people do n't * belong * in britain . 
   brexit minister david davis accused of being a rational person, 
  you can say about the chinese what you want but they 're definitely serious about reducing pollution . 
  it 's an enormous problem for them and if it 'd get out of hand it 'd also be a serious threat to the communist party 's authority because people would lose faith . 
  if renewables are cheaper than fossil fuels corporations are n't going to keep building coal plants , no matter what trump does . 
  england is my city, 
  [ you 're one of us !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdxuwq1-5qk ), 
  macron is as far away from populist as it gets . 
  might as well have called his party the establishment party . 
  guy worked at an ib for fuck 's sake . 
  because people get older and if the retirement age does n't change , you end up paying more and more people benefits without them doing anything productive . 
  you ca n't just conjure up financing out of thin air . 
  raising taxes usually just ends in more capital flight ( as you can see in france ) or reduced growth . 
  france 's economy is outdated compared to the netherlands and germany . 
  they should cut their crazy benefits like their retirement age of 60 and extreme workers rights in favour of a model that allows more economic progress . 
  france has way too generous benefits compared to most other eu countries or , god forbid , the united states . 
  they could use some cuts . 
  well let 's look at malaysia and thailand . 
  thailand was never colonised yet it 's less developed than it 's neighbour , the former british colony of malaysia . 
  argentina is an ex colony too , what about all the anglosphere countries besides britain and ireland ? 
  all successful former colonies . 
  there 's also a lot of pressure on muslims from the rest of the world to sort their shit out though .
