  people are right to be afraid of censorship and heads of state who use legislation ( and potentially fake coups ) to gain power , it 's not unjustified . 
  not really since all they did was pause eu integration . 
  an outdated ex-gs employee from the 80s is hardly representative for wall street . 
  anyways that 's really a ridiculous claim to make as trump is anti-globalisation and protectionist which is not particularly advantageous to the financial sector . 
  no , not really . 
  not really . 
  but then i 'm pro-wall street myself so . . 
  hmm alright , seems logical . 
  can someone from germany explain why the fdp is n't that popular ? 
  is germany really that conservative that they 'd rather vote for a christian than a liberal centre-right party ? 
  actually that 's what most people , at least on the mainland , seem to think . 
  keep in mind clinton and her campaign barely got media attention in europe aside from the fact that she was the first female democratic nominee . 
  trump was in the news constantly with scandal after scandal but clinton 's downsides ie . 
  her wall street connections mostly went unmentioned . 
  and even then , she 's much more likeable than trump . 
  do you even lift bro ? 
  chill, 
  it 's not bullshit since companies also base hiring preferences in part on the rankings . 
  therefore they 're still important, 
  quite sad to see the 2 countries which have historically been the biggest proponents of liberty and free trade turn their back on it ( well , the us at least ) . 
  it 's stunning when you realise that london and new york are the most liberal , open and ( yes ) capitalist places on earth full of opportunity , whereas the rural areas of the countries are complete shit . 
  i do n't get why the uk and us are so anti-eu lately . 
  i mean honestly , what did we do to them ? 
  britain refers to the uk though , not gb . 
  i do n't know why people even use the term gb to begin with honesty . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  that in combination with the fact that the government has only assured 16/17 and 17/18 students probably means he 's out of luck . 
  wow , if i would n't have skipped a year in high school i would n't be able to study in the uk !, 
  legally i think the uk would still be in the eu at that point . 
  i really do n't know though . 
   non-britain areas . 
  you mean non-english ? 
   a 35h workweek stimulates employment of a larger workforce not when it scares away potential investment . 
  then sure , vote for hamon in the first round . 
  that 's not what astonishes me . 
  it 's that you would n't vote for macron in macron v le pen that 's really weird . 
  how is an enforced 35h work week a right ? 
  it 's nothing more than a serious economic barrier which prevents france from attracting investment . 
  plus an investment banker would know how to fix the economy , do n't you think ? 
  from what i 've seen macron does , yeah . 
  because left wing voters will * never * vote for le pen , and capitalists on the right will like macron because of his economic policies ( and he 's an ex-ib guy ) . 
  macron is socially ` left ' and economically right which is pretty much a perfect combination . 
  compare this to some crazy right-winger without a realistic economic policy who hates foreigners and it 's pretty obvious where the votes will be going . 
  in the us le pen would 've won , probably , because she 'd get the most votes in the first round . 
  france has a more sensible system which makes it practically impossible for extremists to win . 
  sad about the us , considering they 're ideologically and culturally similar to us ( the country , not trump ) . 
  for now tusk is right though . 
  usa is drifting away and losing strength and we should decrease reliance on it . 
  please let valls lose so macron can sweep his voters . 
  10 % of uk tax comes from the city so lots of benefits are actually paid for by the ` evil capitalists ' . 
  good to hear something about this finally . 
  sure you 're not just german ? 
  no , not when people 's beliefs conflict with human rights , or when people force their beliefs on others . 
  i really hope he wins , seems like a decent guy who is actually intending to fix france 's problems and economic stagnation . 
  nah i mean , that was only 12 years . 
  it is a monarchy , actually . 
  but would you rather have no economic union , only to rid yourself of a few political issues ? 
  no offense but i think you 're delusional if you find immigration to be more important than the economy . 
  yeah , i 'm sure you 're aware that car manufacturers in britain use parts from all over the eu and the entire production process is international , leaving the eu without a free trade agreement would add multiple layers of tariffs on production which would definitely be a reason for car manufacturers to move to the mainland . 
  as for the migrants , the only way they could be a drain on people would be if they 're causing public services to be overextended eg . 
  the nhs . 
  if they 're a net benefit , they bring in enough money to pay for those extra expenses . 
  whether the uk gov. 
  decides to use that money to improve the nhs or for other things is n't up to the migrants and it 'd be ridiculous to blame them for bad policy . 
  okay , when was the last armed revolt then ? 
   it 's not about education but about culture . 
  basically the people in the uk are like teenagers when it comes to direct democracy . 
  the swiss are used to voting and know that a certain responsibility comes with it . 
  yeah , my point exactly . 
  it works in switzerland because of the characteristics of switzerland that are n't applicable to other countries . 
  this is also why it 's relevant that switzerland is small . 
  small countries are , logically , more stable and easier to govern than large ones . 
  switzerland may have 4 languages but its borders have barely changed since what , the 15th century ? 
  they have n't seen war since napoleon . 
  there is barely any conflict between different linguistic groups because switzerland has developed it 's own identity for so long . 
  a country that 's the complete opposite of this is the ussr . 
  the reason it does n't exist anymore is clearly because the many cultural/linguistic groups in it all wanted something else and so they ended up breaking away . 
  and even in the individual republics there 's a lot of differences in what people want , see the rebels in eastern ukraine or people in chechnya who still want their own country . 
  switzerland works well , i think , because of strong national unity . 
  as a country gets larger , you 're more likely to have conflict between groups of people . 
  does n't matter if they live off of benefits or not . 
  if they 're a net benefit as a whole group then there 's no point restricting freedom of movement . 
  furthermore , if you 're so concerned about the economy , what do you think about the idea of the financial services ' industry ( about 10 % of tax income for the british government ) moving their hqs to mainland europe ? 
  if , say , goldman sachs moves it 's european hq to frankfurt all their profits would be re-routed there meaning the uk loses out on a great deal of income . 
  exactly , all these things are basic fundamentals of our society and should n't even be up for debate or left up to referenda . 
  referenda can be held on a small scale on whether to rebuild a certain part of a city or whatever , but not on human rights . 
  nah i never said that . 
  if people want to leave the eu so the uk can make all of its ' own laws i suppose that 's a legitimate reason . 
  i 'm talking about people who fell for the # 350m/w to the nhs thing , or those in northern england who thought leaving the eu would bring back manufacturing jobs , or those who believe that eu migrants are not a net benefit to the uk . 
  yeah , * cough * rupert murdoch * cough *, 
  disagree . 
  switzerland should n't be seen as something to emulate as it 's been at peace forever and in that period of time developed itself into a very unique advanced country , way ahead of most others in europe . 
  it 's also very small . 
  implementing something from switzerland into , say , the us probably would n't yield the same results and it could backfire horrendously . 
  even in the uk , where a huge fraction of the population is university-educated , we still saw misinformation and ignorance in the eu referendum which arguably caused leave to win . 
  round one , of course . 
  round two she 'd be demolished by all the other candidates i imagine . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm right wing and pro-eu but i consider liberalism and free trade to be right wing . 
  apparently they 're not anymore ?
