  can you imagine people cheering in germany a little over a hundred years ago because they finally got the opportunity to show france who 's boss and vice versa . 
  yeah , kinda on the fence on this . 
  when i look at college students and the corporate world i 'm like : we can all work together , no matter the background . 
  but then i look at backwards nationalists and criminals and i feel like : why ca n't these people just act normal ? 
  i 'd say have freedom of movement for anyone with at least a bachelor 's degree or something . 
  to be fair , at that point it 's not really immigration is it . 
  people consider it to be immigration but really , that 's like saying moving from one city to another is immigration . 
  well i imagine they ca n't because if an american can get into germany without a visa they 'll just be able to travel to these countries without checks . 
  in this case it matters because americans had visa free access to the entire eu already . 
  it 's even weirder to allow people of a certain country in when you ca n't even go to their country without a visa yourself . 
  this definition is n't even possible since atat\u00fcrk nationalism and discrimination on the basis of religion are mutually exclusive . 
  this is hilarious coming from the guy who called nazi germany a good example of a successful presidential system . . 
  yeah , if only that were possible . 
  i agree with you but my fellow europeans have yet to see the light . 
  of course it will be a political statement but what else would you suggest ? 
  not doing anything ? 
  that 's hardly a way to get things done . 
  they could 've waited for donald trump to be voted out of office but that 'll probably take a while . 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  unfortunately that is n't up to the eu but rather individual member states . 
  i can get behind every nato member having to spend 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  i mean , obviously , it 's in the bloody treaty !, 
  does n't mean you get a free pass not to uphold arrangements though . 
  if americans get visa-free access to the entire eu then the us should allow the same thing for * all * eu citizens . 
  clearly that was n't the case and the ep is taking action . 
  i 'd rather have macron though . 
  true liberalism , both social and economic !, 
  economic policy has in my opinion been good ( though not flawless ) . 
  given that the ecb has actually been using qe to get the economy back on track i think it 's been a perfect opportunity for our government to get its ' finances back on track without risking damage to the economy ( thanks ecb ! ) . 
  2008 has obviously been a strain and our government finally managed to achieve a budget surplus for the first time in years this year . 
  this is important because a pvv/vvd government would be very right wing and would probably alienate most of the population in it 's policies . 
  even vvd voters often consider the pvv racist and irrational . 
  therefore to the electorate , vvd/pvda is much more acceptable . 
  it 's perfectly relevant as it 'll be very important to what people end up thinking about the cabinet . 
  the vvd pvda combo turned out to work quite well . 
  social democrats are n't really hated by anyone though . 
  at worst people think they 're idiots . 
  people are much more negative towards the pvv . 
  do n't you think this still implies the country is becoming safer ? 
  think about it logically for a second : anyone would file a report for serious crimes eg murder , armed robbery etc. 
  the fact that the number of people reporting crimes is dropping implies that the crime in question is also less significant . 
  i do n't mean to say stealing bikes is okay but in that case it 's fairly obvious that reporting the crime is a waste of effort , whereas with murder you 're definitely going to report it . 
  says who ? 
  you can go ahead and supply anecdotal ( aka . 
  not ) evidence but you 've still not answered my question as to how it is that you * know * that crime is going up despite numbers implying it 's going down . 
  on what do you base that crime is going up nation-wide ? 
  why would people suddenly start reporting less crime if it 's going up ? 
  my point exactly !, 
  i actually wanted to leave for britain for a while but brexit made me doubt that sincerely . 
  netherlands ai n't so bad , but my own opinion of it was way too negative for a long time because i live in the * barbaric * east . 
  gl still has some tendencies from it 's communist past though . 
  d66 is progressive but thankfully , also liberal . 
  gl is too left-wing in my opinion , although i do like their leader . 
  i would suggest you look at cbs 's figures on crime . 
  they really convinced me how non-sensical this entire debate about the ` verpaupering ' of our society . 
  unless you 're one of the people who believe that the number of people who do n't report crimes is greater than the drop in crime , of course . 
  i 'm so tired of people saying ` crime only drops because less people report ! ', 
  like , what is that statement even based on ? 
  do they have access to information i do n't ? 
  nationalist nonsense . 
  what happened to the conservatives ? 
  under cameron they were n't as crazy ... 
  if they were to choose that route , pvv/vvd would still not be enough . 
  they 'd have to work with cda ( doubtful ) , d66 ( not going to happen with pvv ) or still not have enough seats for a majority . 
  they could probably get the sgp and potentially 50 + in this cabinet but that would not get them enough seats ( and it 'd also make the vvd deeply unpopular as the pvv , sgp and 50 + are generally disliked parties ) . 
  i think it 's going to be vvd , cda , d66 and some others . 
  hopefully we 'll see some people voting ` strategically ' resulting in fewer , larger parties making this government possible . 
  i 'm 100 % certain a leftist government is n't going to happen with the 3 largest parties being right wing either . 
  ` this mess ' . 
  i do n't see any mess outside of the hypothetical ` mess ' that people create in their minds . 
  the netherlands is n't a mess at all , it 's an incredibly well-organised and prosperous country . 
  fundamentally , there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  some things could be handled better but i really think any radical change will do more harm than good . 
  more like the other way around lol . 
  in the us liberal is basically socialist , the complete opposite of what it actually means . 
  vvd is definitely liberal economically speaking . 
  socially i 'd consider them to be somewhat neutral as i do n't think they actually care . 
   i myself just do n't trust him not to break his election promise to not join a coalition with the pvv if it could help the vvd remain in government , with rutte as pm . 
  he 's emphasised this so much recently i honestly think it 'd be the end of his career if he would , especially given the general public 's very negative opinion of the pvv . 
  nobody really cares about the $ 1000 as it 's just symbolic honestly , he did a fine job of governing the country and so he 's doing fine in the polls . 
  heading a government with the pvv would in my eyes be too much . 
  yeah that 'd be fair would n't it ? 
  real democracy means giving people what they voted for !, 
  well if you carefully read my comment , you 'll see it says ` if they voted leave ... ' which implies that i agree they deserved it , but only if they voted leave . 
  yeah , but we all know industrial workers were more likely to back remain . 
  70 % can be explained by oxford being a university town . 
  if they voted leave they pretty much voted for moving jobs out of britain , including their own . 
  i think they 'd rather have import tariffs once than face multiple layers of tariffs when building cars because of their supply chain . 
  more money should easily compensate for healthcare , i 'm choosing america !, 
  ah alright , thanks !, 
  numbers do n't seem to add up ? 
  seems off . 
  is this only in terms of goods ? 
  i honestly ca n't imagine the uk deficit being that large considering their immense financial services sector . 
  the word ` you ' can be used in plural as well , for your information . 
  it actually surprises me you 're not irritated towards goldman sachs considering the fact that they made tonnes of profit on greek debt swaps ( insurances ) . 
  i really like britain but come on guys , face it , you 're arrogant as fuck . 
  well you probably should n't have gotten goldman to fabricate false statistics about the greek economy to bullshit your way into the euro . 
  putin is definitely worse but i 've heard people saying he 's going to start ww3 or whatever which is ridiculous . 
  fair but unlike putin ( whom is more feared than he deserves in my opinion ) people generally dislike erdogan for things he actually does , not because they 're afraid he 's going to start world war 3 .
