  do you support the ceausescu regime ? 
  because what you 're advocating sounds an awful lot like that . 
  i do n't know most of my family and i 'm only in touch with my parents and uncles/aunts ( not all of them ) . 
  in a while i 'll be moving to another country . 
  please explain to me in what way i 'm responsible for their actions ? 
  furthermore why should i care ? 
  the police is meant to deal with breaking the law , i 've got better things to do than spy on my family . 
  also , terrorists are n't stupid . 
  they will hide things from their family . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm just saying that you should n't go around persecuting people because they could n't prove that they were raped . 
  what if she just would n't have admitted that she was lying ? 
  what would you do then ? 
  if you would have persecuted her on the * assumption * that she was lying , even thought she never said that she was , you are really going to scare people away from reporting crimes because to be honest , it 's not too far fetched to see the german police ( which already covered up a lot of these attacks ) pretending to know that people are lying in an effort to justify their refugee policy . 
  but if she did n't accuse a specific person what 's the point of even looking into it in the first place ? 
  because parents are not the only thing in people 's lives . 
  and you need to fucking accept that some people are just failures and/or plain evil and there 's no one to blame for that . 
  stalin and hitler were both abused by their fathers . 
  they went on to kill millions of people . 
  did they do that because they were abused ? 
  elon musk also had a bad childhood and he 's not a bad person by anyone 's standards . 
  people have a personality which , although it can change , is something that 's uniquely their own . 
  you ca n't consistently groom everyone into being a specific kind of person . 
  if you believe in that then maybe you should indeed head to stalinist countries where that is a common belief . 
  the problem is that in all honesty it 's very easy to hide something like this from your parents . 
  especially if you do n't even live with them anymore . 
  yet you still want to blame them ? 
  this terrorist situation is getting completely out of hand and these types of countermeasures make me very uncomfortable . 
  they threaten our basic european values , especially liberty . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  there is * nothing * you can do to stop lone wolves . 
  it 's practically impossible . 
  it 's also ridiculous to demand that families keep their own in check . 
  we do n't live in the soviet union where the nkvd watches everything you do and puts your family in the gulag if you do n't shout communist slurs loud enough . 
  you are suggesting something that puts our very basic values at risk , and would actually transform our society into something close to what terrorists themselves want . 
  what do you achieve by putting innocent people away after the fact anyway ? 
  collective punishment is not only unjust . 
  it 's divisive , ineffective and basically terrorism in and of itself . 
  you terrorise people into controlling their families and violate people 's liberties . 
  that sounds an awful lot like the exact scenario is and the likes are trying to create ... 
  i 'm not responsible for what my family does , do n't punish the wrong person . 
  only if she accused a specific person . 
  just stating that she was raped does n't harm anyone directly and you should n't punish her for it as it might indeed scare people away from reporting real crimes if they 're in doubt about whether or not they could prove it . 
  there is n't an emergency though . 
  i can see legitimate reason for leaving the eu when it starts demanding ridiculous stuff from it 's member states , but the uk created the entire situation in the first place . 
  well they 're stupid, 
  it 's hard to realise that soviets were normal people just like us sometimes , especially when looking at stalin 's regime . 
  i mean , the nazi 's got a lot of civil unrest even though they did n't treat their own people nowhere near as badly as the soviets did . 
  how the ussr managed to exist for 75 years is beyond me . 
  not too far fetched . 
  erdogan called nazi germany a good example of a successful regime a few months back . 
  may 3017 would be fine by me . 
  they ca n't . 
  article 7 is never going to be triggered . 
  well , you know . 
  loans and bursaries i guess, 
  i 'm not enrolled yet but i want to go to ucl for the econ and business with east european studies course . 
  if you do n't mind me asking what made you choose maastricht over a british uni ? 
  the uk generally has much better ones . 
  if you are able to move anywhere you 'd like then you understand how important that ability is . 
  why do n't you want others to have it ? 
  me personally , i still have to get my university degree . 
  i was planning on going into financial services in london after i have it . 
  but now thanks to this , not only might financial services not even be there to the same degree as it was , i might also lose the ability to move in the first place . 
  thank you !, 
  you talking about / r/ukpolitics ? 
  because yeah i know how reactionary they are over there . 
  furthermore here you are talking about money again , and as long as being a member of the eu is economically beneficial for you i do n't see the issue . 
  you might be a net contributor , but then you 're discounting all the benefits to private businesses , which do contribute in taxes . 
  face it , being in the eu is a benefit to you , you 're just so reactionary that symbolism is more important to you than things that exist . 
  and freedom of movement is n't liberty ? 
  oh , of course . 
  you only care about the liberties that you personally need , screw others right ? 
  the european commission is controlled by national parliaments , which are all democratically elected , so what are you on about anyway ? 
  you care more about that , even though it affects you far less than a potential economic crash , than you do about the economic implications of a brexit ? 
  what ? 
  typical , they do n't know what to do and want some extra concessions to help them make up their mind . 
  fuck off , freedom of movement or no deal . 
  an iberian union could actually resolve the catalan question as well by giving them a status similar to that of portugal and spain within a federal union . 
  ukip winning an election ? 
  without nigel ? 
  nobody believes that . 
  remain voters tend to be more civilised . 
  up the percentage of ` brexit postponed indefinitely ' . 
  may just announced she wanted a uk-wide consensus , like that 's ever going to happen . 
  well what would you suggest ? 
  why would i go to a university that 's below my level ? 
  do you think prestigious firms hire from 2nd tier ? 
  on the other hand , if i go to a dutch university i will regret it for the rest of my life because i will always know that i could 've done better . 
  $ 20k/y or $ 60k in total is n't * that * much if i do manage to get a good job . 
  it 's a risk i 'm willing to take . 
  hmm , guess i can try . 
  now hope trump does n't win ... 
  does that last thing apply to non-americans ? 
  and by the way my grades are good but not the absolute best . 
  even if i might get into harvard the normal route i still might not be eligible for a merit-based scholarship . 
  oh yeah sure i would if the tuition was n't 60k a year . 
  look , english tuition is high , but it 's still * affordable * ( as long as you remain in the eu ... ) . 
  i literally ca n't afford harvard . 
  and guess what , finance pays the most , and my debt would be high .
