  i can go on but this poll is misused far too often , which is just annoying . 
  this research really makes no sense , as it does n't really say anything about actual happiness . 
  i do n't see how lack of corruption would actually make you a happy person , and the same goes for life expectancy and equality . 
  these are all dissatisfiers ( meaning their absence would make you unhappy ) and not satisfiers ... also this does n't take into account culture and physical geography , which do actually affect how much you 'd like living in a country . 
  it 's a ridiculous load of irrelevant , unbinding bullshit . 
  we 've already ruined our relationship with the russians , let 's at least make the best of the situation we 're in right now by including ukraine in this agreement . 
  if we turn away from them right now all our efforts in the ukraine would 've been for nothing ... 
  i also do n't really get what damage a trade agreement would do . 
  if ukraine joins the eu and nato that 'd be good as it 'd take them out of the russian sphere of influence . 
  overall though this referendum is quite meaningless compared to the british eu referendum , so i suggest we just ignore this and do n't vote . 
  yes , very much so . 
  i do have some , and they 're definitely at a disadvantage in the sense that they 're very limited when it comes to a career on the international level ( eg . 
  business trips but also studying abroad ) . 
  prevalent in universities , high school not so much . 
  in terms of jobs , high-level jobs have a lot of english involved , but again lower level not so much . 
  for now , yeah . 
  she ca n't go on like this forever . 
  the reichstag might turn on her as well . 
  seems like merkel is going to leave office soon . 
  rp english is the best , french is quite good too and russian sounds bad-ass . 
  as for worst : flemish . 
  flemish is the only language i know of that instantly makes any person unattractive . 
  if my crush would suddenly start speaking with a flemish accent that 'd be over very soon . 
  if i remember correctly erdogan stated last month that he looked to nazi germany as a successful example of a presidential system . 
  interesting ... 
  it 's not that rare for politicians to be compared to hitler ... but for them to compare themselves to hitler ... that 's a whole other level . 
  historical enemies are bullshit , the only thing that matters to decision makers are geopolitical enemies ( ie . 
  serbia was willing to risk a war because they believed that russia would support them . 
  guess what , it did and serbia got exactly what it wanted . 
  serbia supported the assassination of their biggest enemies ' heir , wanted all of their south slavic lands but did n't want a war ? 
  that 's what you 're telling me here ? 
  yes , germany and britain had a bit of an odd relationship , but britain was n't a core member of the entente either . 
  they were n't obligated to intervene and germany did n't assume that they would . 
  everyone assumed it 'd be over by christmas because everyone underestimated the relevance of the war . 
  it was very different to the typical imperial squabbles . 
  serbia was only a part of the entente through russia , and austria & germany assessed that russia would n't intervene , which actually makes sense , because the tsar repeatedly stated that he would n't . 
  now it 's somewhat debatable whether it was russia or germany who escalated everything , but honestly austria hungary 's actions were completely logical . 
  serbia was the only country that actually wanted to start a world war in order to get what it wanted . 
  no , i perfectly understand the need to flee from the actual terrorist-occupied territories . 
  however ; i do n't see how exactly that prevents you from serving in the syrian army , for example . 
  or fighting as a member in one of the moderate rebel groups ( if those even exist ) . 
  you can choose not to fight , of course , but then i still do n't see why you could n't just stay in government occupied territory . 
  they 're not just coming to europe , by the way , they 're very specific about the parts of europe they 'd like to go to . 
  if you want to see proof of this , look at the calais camps . 
  they 're so desperate to get to the uk that they 're actually risking their own safety ( at this point they 're already safe ) to get there . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't feel like they 're entitled to a stay in one of the best countries in the world simply because they 're from a warzone . 
  there 's plenty of safe countries , and if you 're already safe , i do n't see why normal immigration laws would n't apply . 
  at that point you 're not a refugee anymore . 
  and no , those people in cologne might not have been afghans , but i was just talking about the type of person to be honest . 
  i do n't think men in their 20s from the most fundamentalist , sexist part of the world will do our society much good . 
  at least have there be a screening at the border ... 
  it 's unacceptable that some people who are perfectly safe receive preferred treatment when in fact they 're nothing more than immigrants . 
  if we 'd want immigrants we 'd let in people who 're well educated , or have skills to bring . 
  this is not how immigration works . 
  if you 're referring to the gleiwitz incident , that was staged by the germans and hence not comparable to the assassination of franz ferdinand , which , as i told someone else , was organised by members of the serbian military . 
  princip and his team were trained and funded by members of the serbian military . 
  of course austria used the attack as an excuse , but that does n't justify the attack . 
  if a dutch national from belgium killed angela merkel * with the support of the dutch military * then an attack would be somewhat justifiable , yes . 
  in 1914 that 's a totally acceptable and frankly , expectable response . 
  yeah , i mean , of course they 're not . 
  they only started it by assassinating the heir of one of the most powerful empires on earth !, 
  what ? 
  they do n't even know why he viewed the page ... 
  i want the uk to remain in but that 's for personal reasons and i do n't think ukip are extremists . 
  that actually does n't even matter ; it 's just a website , maybe he was just curious ... 
  yeah , the elite of south east england . 
  not the whole of it . 
  seems somewhat futile considering how resentful of modernisation muslims tend to be . 
  look at iran or egypt . 
  and how would you modernise it ? 
  i hope you 'll agree with me that it 's by no means necessary for a refugee to go straight for sweden . 
  i hope you also recognise that many of those refugees misbehave ( varying from rape to terrorism ) and should n't really be here . 
  other than border control i see no way of preventing them from entering europe . 
  we check everyone who arrives here through normal means , why ca n't we check these people ? 
  or prevent them from coming ? 
  you ca n't really modernise it , at least not entirely . 
  it does n't have a central structure like christianity does . 
  what exactly is preventing these people from staying in government-controlled areas ? 
  why do n't they stay in , say , bulgaria ? 
  why do they go to countries like germany , the netherlands and sweden ? 
  we all know why . 
  safety is not the reason they come here , it 's just a convenient excuse to move to a wealthy nation . 
  the economy is n't even my primary concern , it 's just completely unjustifiable to let these people have all sorts of benefits . 
  i 'm quite certain that rumours of submarines would spread , just like refugees are already warning each other not to go to certain countries . 
  if you torpedo a few rafts they 'll most likely become incredibly frightened , and the point is that since you ca n't really see a submarine , you would n't even want to take the risk anyway . 
  it 's terror , yes , but really , if all those middle-easterners knew that something under the surface is looking to blow any raft out of the water i doubt they 'd be very willing to take the risk . 
  you do n't have to guard the entire border either , borders with switzerland and the balkan , as well as in eastern europe , scandinavia and the south west would n't have to be guarded . 
  only the area around greece and bulgaria really , perhaps italy and cyprus too . 
  i do n't believe that it 's impossible to keep people out , the soviets managed it , so why ca n't we with all our modern equipment ? 
  it 's a gradual proces but i believe that through education and public campaigns we can seriously reduce islamic presence in our society . 
  this is a serious issue that needs to be dealt with and all i see is half measures which do exactly 0 to combat the cause of the issue ( the issue being islamic terrorism ) . 
  we have a fundamental issue of radicalisation and extremism and * something * needs to be done to stop it . 
  europe has been number 1 in the world for 500 years yet we ca n't even manage to succesfully combat some medieval nutjobs . 
  we need to look at why islam has suddenly become so violent . 
  it 's not because of ` imperialism ' , because we had no issues with it in the 19th/early 20th centuries . 
  is it israel ? 
  arab nationalism ? 
  who knows , but regardlessly we need something to stop this before it gets out of control . 
  submarines come with an aspect of terror . 
  whereas regular cruisers would be a rather obvious presence ( of which some idiots might be convinced they could get around ) submarines would frighten everyone , and knowing that they could be anywhere in the mediterranean would certainly help in scaring people away from the journey .
