  hardly progressive . 
  so let 's say you earn  $ 120k gross as a developer . 
  using this calculator [ 0 ] - input 8571 monthly  because of some weird bonuses - it turns out you get $ 73344,69 . 
  that 's not  all - the company also has to pay 21.7 % as a social tax . 
  so in total , you get 50 % of what you earn . 
  but wait , there 's also 20 % vat !, 
  which makes the  total tax rate 58.14 % . 
   there 's no way a startup in austria is going to compete for talent with the  rest of the world . 
  maybe austria works for official company residency but not actual work . 
   the benefits far outweigh the costs  yes there are benefits and costs . 
  it costs those that are highly productive  and benefits the rest . 
   or excellent healthcare . 
   which young people do n't need , and by the time they are going to need it ,  the demographic situation ( in the whole europe ) is going to be horrible and benefits are going to get seriously downsized . 
  do n't say that to the other austrians here . 
  while i agree you have to understand that you have to with the technical progress or become irrelevant sooner or later . 
  ( hint : it is sooner ), 
  over here when earning more than 50 or 60 thousand a year the tax is somewhere near the 50 % mark . 
  and a whooping 20 % sales tax on everything but food and some other things . 
  1 out of how many ? 
  and how many have been created and bougth in sv in the meanwhile ? 
  but you do n't need to pay anything for a credit card either ... 
  wait ... you do n't have one ? 
  a lot of people are a bit backwards and afraid of the digital and modern world . 
  they want everything tested and approved by other countries first before they start to change and even then somehow they manage to get it wrong and make a halfassed version of something great where nobody is happy with it . 
  do n't get me wrong i have been there very often but canada pays more and has bigger tech companies available which are always looking for people . 
  brb, 
  old or new crossing ? 
  can i into canada ? 
  yes same as germany !, 
  pretty much spot on !, 
  if something is about to change you will see a lot of people complain about it because '' we always did it like that '' while we have a 13 and 14 salary the germans stll pay more . 
  only for 3 people and just 3 years, 
  high taxes and social security for both employees and employers and until that changes i doubt that anything will change in this country, 
  but working for them is not so great , so everyone just skips them and goes somewhere else where the company is not so frugal, 
  have n't found anything for cheap . . was looking at the bose qc35 and qc25 . . almost the same price as on amazon.de, 
  but we could play hardball too since germany is still holding an airport there . 
  i do n't think they want a fight with germany . 
  unfortunately they do n't want their citizens back, 
  which is sad that companies can get away with so much here, 
  or you use one of the machines and walk through immigration i n 5 minutes . . and the long lines are because of the amount of people which you can have on any bigger airport worldwide . 
  actually you still have it in the eu because free travel comes with schengen and not eu !, 
  it does but they use the austrian 20 % instead of the german 19 % when shipping it here, 
  who are they to decide ? 
  unless angie uses germany 's muscles . 
  having to wait 10 mins at the airports never really bothered me tbh, 
  but you still ca n't vote for the president and pm in austria for some reason and if you want to do the other things you have to register at shitty times in person as an eu citizen . 
  nah ... still have to pay austrian tax and not the lower german tax on amazon as well as the austrians wanting some extra tax on hard drives etc. 
  or if the job pays less than the social security you have paid into before ... 
  serbocroatian speaking bosnian croat , 
   had almost 4 and a half people and i was one of them ... the other 2 were my parents ... but who is the last one ? 
  kill it in the uk then ? 
  fix net oida, 
  so ... are the ships going to continue to bring them in or are they going to keep them out ? 
  there is a direct link, 
  and the brits invented america ... check mate, 
  i think that there are two reasons 1 . ), 
  did not block immigrants from leaving into eu 2 . ), 
  shit is being blown up everywhere andnobody wants to be part of it, 
  cuz germany owns your tanks :d, 
  brb, 
  pudding last time i checked, 
  which is why we have so many afghans and iraqis coming over ? 
  they had another referendum on that yesterday as well . 
  ofc you need a permission to work as a foreigner, 
  but how many of those really qualified do you have going to such high taxing countries like yours and mine ? 
  if they are really that smart , they can pick a random country which might be better for them . 
   programming , for example , anyone can do lol , are you serious ? 
  just look at the code of half of the people who do this professionally and then think again . 
  which i have bought with my own money and has been taxed a few times in that process . 
  people are nit buying property for fun , but to make them money . 
  you need the money more than them, 
  there have been some accidents where chechens were patroling the area around the millenium tower and wanted to escort home some girls . 
  after some guys wanted to step in they have been beaten up . 
  their justification as far as i remember was the muslim law and the girls not being supposed to be there at that time of the day . 
  the reason is or was that there were so many of them that the people who are handling those things just could ' t handle the amount of asylum requests and just gave an ok to everybody to come over just to get rid of them ... now we have them here and they still claim that it is unsafe for them to go back home and started sharia patrol some areas of vienna ... 
  well first it will hit the dax ofc and then it will hit the people, 
  `` onyl '' you do realise that 13 % is a lot , especially if the are employing so many people ? 
  hell no ... german car makers make up a lot of the dax edit : germany . . why so salty ? 
  between 3 and 4 $ here in austria, 
  no but having friends being mugged and their cameras stolen by a group of arabs makes it one, 
  the promenade is fine it is just the other 90 % that are shady as fuck, 
  i am not in the states ... just been there done that, 
  is it good that they own pitchfork media then ? 
  the way to cdg is a no go area itself just as everything behind the promenade in nice for instance, 
  sure they can ... but they can also expect less investment from non french companies in the future for such behaviour, 
  no go zones froggy, 
  because french protectionism, 
  if your laws suck and allow such behavior then you should thinking about changing the law and not the other way around, 
  again for using legal ways of avoiding tax ? 
  wtf is wrong with the froggies ? 
  but it is good that they exist otherwise oevp/spoe would have fucked this country even further ... i hope they woke up, 
   a charismatic hofer , who would just have to smile and be nice for 2 years , would take a lot of that fear away . 
  problem here is that he has strache as head of his party and then all the nazis who are having their back . 
  without them it would be a way better paty in my opinion . 
  no idea ... personally i have written off that money long time ago, 
  but that `` a bit longer '' is also hard to sell when the longer is not in a year or two, 
  which is not 50/50 ... is it that complicated ? 
  people who moved away from austria and now want to feel good about themselves by voting for the green party, 
  actually it is not : http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/, 
  and after 20 months he will be a little lamb and the most perfect citizen ever ?
