  which is why it will take 1 - 2 years ... 
  a bit early !, 
  wait till everybody arrives to their offices, 
  and if you can not pay ... you will get jail time again :d, 
  he is german ... 
  you have open borders for your neighbors not for someone else, 
  you wan na go ? 
  lol what is next ? 
  companies paying taxes ? 
  small and medium companies do n't pay well or are well insured which is why ms gets the deals, 
  lol no ? 
  yeah because we get taxed out of our asses here while being paid less than you guys, 
  only if the other countries accept, 
  do n't they get permanent residency after 3 years ? 
  why not ? 
  that i would choose to do nothing and be paid for it instead of working 40h/week for 50 or 100 $ more, 
  i would maybe . . if the job payed slightly more than being at home e : being, 
  and you fuckers bombed it :(, 
  whatever makes you sleep at night, 
  because it will not get better separated, 
  following dodik for so many years after he has fucked you over and over again ... almost like nk, 
   why do you think they will not accept us ? 
  we maybe are bosnians but we are serbs . 
  for the same reason south korea does not want the north , or the same reason germany has problems with the east, 
  but what else are you going to do ? 
  live with serbia ? 
  do they want you ? 
  or are you gon na become a little unimportant country that is stubborn . 
  and this is the spirit that makes the country a shithole, 
  link was too much to ask for ? 
  because i am living in the culture i grew up in and do things which are normal here . 
  just as much as i respect other people habits and culture when i go and visit other countries . 
   why go to the christmas one at all ? 
  why get married in a church ? 
  more tradition than religion, 
  so is le meurice down in price or not ? 
  what are said effects ? 
  yeah i wan na see that one go down a nato member invading another nato member will sure go well and be a great sign for all the enemies out there . 
  and all that just to protect two former politicians, 
  not allowing so many people in from your ex colonies would be a good start then in the next step tell italy to fuck off with their taxi service and then clean up your suburbs and lock em up . 
  nope !, 
   you genuinely think that nyc has less crime than vienna ? 
  no , but i still feel safer with cops ready to shoot that with our trying not to harm them cops , and our laws which will punish swearing harder than rape !, 
  sw devs and project managers, 
  i have friends who were working with me doing the same job and after moving to those cities they quadrupled their income so paying the costs of living in those cities was not an issue . 
  considering you are a white male in the mid 20s - 30s and have a job in a good field ( it ) : * silicon valley * nyc * singapore * london * austin * melbourne * auckland * san diego * houston pretty much everywhere where the taxes and cost of living are low and the income is high ( exceptions apply ) and stores are open on sundays and the cities are not dead after 7pm and have beaches within an hour or two max . 
  yeah ... no !, 
  it is not bad , but it is not the best either !, 
  who are they interviewing for those surveys ? 
  tourists/business people who visit a few times or residents who also live in the bad parts ? 
  or this little accident : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evo_morales_grounding_incident, 
   i could also see how respecting territorial integrity of another state might be something other powerful entities might find not very useful . 
  we act now like they are working countries and we need to give a fuck about what they think ? 
  we are the ones with the money they want , we make the rules !, 
  what is the un going to do about it ? 
  write the eu a letter ? 
  all caps ? 
  austria , germany and the other feelgood countries called them nazis basically, 
  france should really get their shit together, 
  rape can be proven if reported immediately but destroying someones reputation will follow someone forever, 
  yeah but actual rapists get probation in this country ... 
  from syria and the middle east ? 
  they have all the time they want, 
  yet they still screen them * before * they arrive . 
  also most of them stopped fleeing from an oppressive regime long time before they even came close to central europe . 
  you do n't have to research shit ... the people who want to enter need to prove that they are ok . 
  same as us makes everybody do esta or go to their embassy and get a visa . 
  are all your american doors like the one in the moves that can be opened with one kick ? 
  picture 21 ... how did that guy get there ? 
  first two points are exactly the same as before only the last point is what makes me mad . . how can people be so stupid to fly down to egypt 2 weeks ai for 200 $ . 
  the money i save can not outweigh the risk, 
  i have friends who are flight attendants and the planes to turkey and egypt are currently fully booked, 
  well the two countries which fucked it up the most, 
  just looked it up : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/waffenbesitzkarte_ ( deutschland ), 
  yeah , but there are really no checks after you have the gun . 
  it is not like the police will stop and frisk here . 
  and what about the rumor that he went after turks and albanians - or darker skinned people ? 
  if their laws are anything like the austrians , than you can buy a gun pretty much at any gun store . 
  good !, 
  but why is the question that needs to be asked !, 
  either to hide the fact that there was just one police car , or to hide it from potential copycats . 
  nobody likes it and hates what we had to spend on that project with little benefit in return . 
  we had to pay a lot for `` art '' that is hardly used anymore, 
  greece is handing them back to turkey according to ntv, 
  sweet sweet germoney even for him ? 
  or you play ... you play it really hard ... with bullets and stuff until every last one of them is taken down !, 
  why should it be fair for anyone but britain from their point of view ? 
  germany for sure has !, 
  and they are complaining that americans are n't giving it back . 
  france , italy and germany are in the top 5 with the mist gold reserves . 
  and partially our gold reserves + the banks which regulate gold price, 
  but they have their two buddies across the lake and some other big players who will for sure help them out . 
  sometimes i think that our politicians are just plain stupid . 
  what do they expect the uk to do now ? 
  just sit still and accept whatever the others feel is right for them ? 
  wtf is wrong with you !, 
  as asylum is only temporary they will have to leave again . 
  unless our governments have been lying the whole time . 
  + almost no tax for sw devs which makes their salary as high as other european countries, 
  as someone wrote [ here ] ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12060906 ) this is why it will not work :  duckingtest 6 hours ago  50 % income tax above $ 51k .
