why is the dialect version used for austria and not the actual word `` wald '', 
   significant knowledge i know a few people who have b2 german proficiency but still ca n't hold a conversation, 
  are n't the most from brazil ? 
  well ... they had more training, 
  is n't that you guys ? 
  and for some reason are all from spain ... and are loud, 
  there is no war in turkey ... not sure if you have got that update, 
  by using live ammo if necessary, 
  seal your borders and ask for help if you ca n't do it yourself, 
  i hope it is the us state , 
  what are they going to do ? 
  fire on a british ship ? 
  yeah . . sure, 
  but if that ferry never leaves ... they are just stuck there ? 
  b. . . but they only fly during the day, 
  so we can close people out and calm our own people without being directly against refugees i guess and force you and croatia to do the same . 
  btw your guys accepted it beforehand so i assume you have similar plans, 
  that is slovenia 's problem, 
  still some kind of germans, 
  yes , twice, 
   dangerous shithole . 
  maybe not a dangerous one ... but the rest still stands, 
  unless they strap a gopro onto the shell and stream it live while it hits i dontbelieveit, 
  not really ... still prefer the states and caribean over the rest, 
  a topic for americans to chip in ? 
  but he said that you ca n't ... 
  because he is a donald trump double obviously, 
  but they are not allowed to work and asylum is supposed to be temporary . 
  so why do politicians think that those people will help the market when they simply are not allowed to work and so ... to pay taxes, 
  what i do still do not understand is why the cops did not use any means of force . . if they are in the way preventing the police from helping then the good old baton to the knee or face should do wonders , same for pepper spray or even guns . 
  if you are attacked you protect yourself !, 
  but here it would have been justified, 
  what i do not understand ... why did they not use their hand guns for defense ? 
  you are from bavaria , you are on our side of the fence, 
  to where they have been registered bad luck bad luck again police or military planes with as little comfort as possible and for sure not on comercial airliners, 
  strange that there is no other english source, 
  pretty much all it companies offer the same or better compensation that european companies, 
  this so much and i hate it . 
  most of the devs in my company are just ok with what they get and do never ask for more and if they get a 2 % raise they behave like they got 20 % . 
  shit sucks here, 
  wait ... you make 3000 $ after tax in romania ? 
  here in austria i know that my dev lead makes 3400 $ before tax . 
   followed by some years in a european prison . 
  nah ... make it a russian gulag !, 
  with random specs and requirements popping up left and right, 
  benefit for the member state ! = taking everybody in ... actually is keeping everybody out !, 
  but they have to live with the money in germany . 
  on the other hand we have families with couple kids here in austria getting net the equivalent of 130k gtoss a worker would need to make !, 
  which nobody does !, 
  in your first sentance you say that the tax was provided by the state/country the company is in !, 
  apple simply accepted the offer !, 
  so who is there to blame ? 
  * ireland ? 
  * apple ? 
  back taxing is a form of over regulating the market !, 
   i do n't know where this narrative came from * apple * amazon * uber some of them are old companies , but also not allowing uber to work as it does in the states and over regulating the business ( every business ) does not help home grown companies on the global market . 
   i just do n't understand why you 're angry because it will most probably produce higher costs for the end consumer in the long run while the salaries will for sure not go up by the same percentage . 
  additionally i think that the eu should focus more on providing possibilities for eu companies to get as big as the american ones than to punish the americans for doing their homework . 
  it billions were made , prosecute the politicians that allowed it or made deals to make it possible . 
  also change the law so that it is not possible anymore and prosecute the companies from then on as well . 
  do n't vote for the same ones anymore !, 
   he country is run by a regime of religious extremists that have been hostile towards the west from day one . 
  so ... like the saudis ? 
   by toppling a western-imposed government . 
  so ... they should not be allowed to do what they want in their own country ? 
  one of the problems might be that kindergarten costs 350 $ / month but you only get 111,8 - 162 $ $ from the state according to this : https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/8/seite.080714.html, 
   while iran is generally hostile . 
  might have something to do with the embargos . . 
  they are paying exactly what thry have to . 
  blame the politicians !, 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  source ? 
  and why can germany then ? 
  i am mooving out if the most convenient online shop we have in austria aka amazon stops delivering or gets more expensive, 
  they are protected by angie !, 
  but one that is not in europe, 
  has got nothing to do with eu or not . 
  it is most probably the same problem as in the states , that people have been cunts in the past and overstayed . 
  but they will still need to register online like the rest which is more or less an electronic visa, 
  which is broken all the time every day !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya you have been part of it, 
  our based kurz did propose several ideas but angie was busy not listening, 
  who is going to stop you ? 
  everybody bombed them few years back and nobody cared , so you think anybody will this time ? 
  so ... just enter their waters then !, 
  because you are the ones who are getting fucked the most in this situation, 
  closest shore is always libya and not italy, 
   but what are we , as a single state , supposed to do exactly , especially when the departing countries do n't want them back ? 
  bring them back to the closest shore because they have been in an emergency what is perfectly legal . 
  germany is doing the same to austria with their border checks, 
   lack of proposals from other coutries like the one where the rest does not want to accept everybody into the eu just because germny wants it ? 
  or the one where they want to close the borders and cooperate african countries to take their people back ? 
  instead of working out something on their own which will work they decide to prohibit something new and hip . 
  way to go berlin , way to go !, 
  because then both would be on active duty and the same thing would happen , same as on airplanes . 
  welcome to austria !, 
  they get a turkish blue card afterwards which is pretty much the same . 
  just without the right to vote, 
  because they are mad that they did not cut the deal,
