  do n't ask for people to like or subscribe ( unless you want downvotes ), 
  were you that good at standing in line ? 
  make sure at the very least you leave < label  tags and use label { display : none } so that users with accessibility assistants will understand what 's going on . 
  those technical experts would probably become more visible as both sides would have to put more effort into their arguments and it would propagate a huge increase in actual discussions of topics , but the wrong side winning on a critical issue can have huge consequences . 
  some form of more direct democracy is starting to seem inevitable though . 
  this fills my heart and breaks it at the same time . 
  lots of love and strength to you and your family . 
  seems like he 's had quite the bender . 
  a couple hundred gbs is nothing in comparison to a couple hundred thousand lost from a broken service , and that 's if you 're lucky . 
  [ 19 out of 20 businesses that lose their data go bankrupt . 
  ] ( http://www.tech4law.co.za/tech-advisor/white-papers/nineteen-out-of-twenty-business-firms-that-lose-their-data-will-go-bankrupt.html ), 
  it 's an insider analyst . 
  meaning his head is so far up his ass it all makes sense to him . 
  and why would n't they ? 
  no , a unit of fbi agents is standard for every at&t server . 
  they just huddle in the back , listening for disturbances in the humming . 
  no outlets for either , they went with what they had . 
  totally set up throughout the season though . 
  so according to the article , shadow dom is something very much still in use , so how come / u/weatherman321 claims shadow dom has been removed `` a long time back '' , and if not , how will they remove it , by printing it all out in the dom ? 
  someone who understands give us an eli5 please , 
  the kids will probably be as ok as they can considering the circumstances , but imo it 's been a natural arc for such a story . 
  this is n't grrm , there will be silver linings . 
  logmein closing session ? 
  something is closing a session . 
  check your remote access settings in sharing/security . 
  in politics everything is a political issue . 
  could greek people make money from selling the cars to other eu country citizens ? 
  or are the export taxes ridiculous as well ? 
  it 's clear you used a cell phone to take this , added a green-tinted filter and a blur vignette ( which is a horrible effect , i recommend against using it ) . 
  composition wise , it 's all a little off . 
  i felt your head is too close to the top ( [ one tip is to get the eyes close to a cross point in the rule of thirds ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbn4lux.png ) ) . 
  i feel like you 're trying to show a bit of everything , and lowering the camera would help show that beer and the background and sky more . 
  if you want to get good at photography , buy a cheap dslr ( for example a canon t2i or a nikon d5100 ) with even a kit lens ( although a cheap tamron f2 .8 will give you that sweet bokeh many desire ) and explore manual settings to better understand light and the relation between iso , aperture and shutter speed . 
  damn that ending can totally be interpreted either way . 
  [ k.sparks !, 
  fyi by moving your bishop to attack the knight , it is you who is invoking the spanish opening aka the ruy lopez , not them  black can only influence the continuation line . 
  whoa . 
  question - do you mean developed or developing nation charity ? 
  because if you 're serving soup to homeless veterans , it 'll be better than going to ghana to try and build an orphanage if you have no skills to do it . 
  i lived a year in tanzania and i 'd say from my experiences what developing countries need are engineers and equipment . 
  money is definitely not a solution , but in the right organization with proper supervision it can do a lot . 
  in any case , research whoever you work with , whether you 're donating money or your work , and ensure it does n't go to waste . 
  also , ask yourself which fulfils you more . 
  a subtle one ai noticed last episode when hannah 's interview was cancelled and she leaving without her tape recorder and some other stuff and next cut they 've gone into her bag . 
  interview prior, 
  [ part 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhsv9u5pc-u ), 
  [ part 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdfecwrgnzi ), 
  [ part 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdea0kyywvq ), 
  also an important indicator is how much users actually use their devices , in that regard android still has catching up to do . 
  yeah you ca n't go on forever , that shit will kill you eventually . 
  acquired in 2008 . 
  and now move to a developing country where electricity is cut daily and you buy connectivity with megabyte packages . 
  did that for a year , coming back was like travelling to the future . 
  i tried fighting that fight a long time ago , preview spoilers will always be thrown around . 
  meh , i missed one day and my doctor said it 's not so serious . 
  might be what type of antibiotics that affects this . 
  zoom effect has been there in ios 7 . 
  did you try backing up and restoring ? 
  fixes most software-based issues . 
  plenty of fish in the sea , heed the advice given here . 
  move on . 
  does n't work with mine . 
  are you sure you 're not unlocking with your finger ? 
  try it with a non-registered finger . 
  what have you done during your 3 years ? 
  how come you have n't made a portfolio site ? 
  show us examples of your work . 
  what kind of development gigs are you looking for ? 
  pretty crappy `` infographic '' that seems more as a promotional tool for e-cigs more than providing any real information . 
  also i 'm not sure how many of those `` nicotine risks '' are because of tobacco smoke instead of nicotine itself . 
  april 21st yo !, 
  not accessible in finland at least , wshh allowed me to finally get turnt . 
  by socializing . 
  it gets easier with time but approach anxiety will always be there to some extent but with time you 'll see it 's no big deal to feel nervous going up to someone you do n't know . 
  here 's a framework idea : imagine three situations where you 'd like to talk to someone ( at a bus stop , during lunch , etc. ), 
  and imagine five things you could ask them ( preferably things you 'd want to know about someone new , like what are they doing during the day ( study , work ) , what are their passions , where are they from , etc. ) . 
  now go through some situations in your mind . 
  make notes of what gives you pause as you try to visualize that conversation . 
  ok , now that you have some `` virtual '' practice , time to talk to a stranger . 
  you need to know a few things , first : it is nearly impossible for anything bad to happen . 
  worst case is they are in a bad mood and tell you to fuck off . 
  best case is you make a new friend or even life partner , you never know . 
  so low risk , high reward . 
  do n't go in with expectations , just introduce yourself and ask them something . 
  most people enjoy talking about themselves . 
  compliments are mostly welcome . 
  nice watch . 
  what 's the story behind your ring ? 
  if you get them laughing , excellent !, 
  you just made their day better . 
  no need to linger if conversation feels dull . 
  say it was nice meeting them , shake hands ( or not ) and wish them a good day . 
  if you feel their vibe , ask if they want to hang out some time , grab something to eat . 
  now know that you will crash and burn sometimes . 
  you 'll approach a group and they 'll laugh you out . 
  do n't worry . 
  most likely you 'll never see them again . 
  and if you do , you 're already a better person since you last saw . 
  they 're the same . 
  do n't hold it against them , but know that you are on a mission to make yourself more awesome while most are just coasting through life .
