  so ok , queen takes pawn . 
  if king takes the queen , what is the threat to the king ? 
  my bad  thanks for clarifying !, 
  failed cpr, 
  why did i go back to look at the last ones after this comment ? 
  [ if you look at what play services targets ] ( http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/playservicesdiagram2-640x378.png ) it does n't solve the fragmentation problem , only alleviates it . 
  having play services up to date on a 2.2 or even 4.0 device does not bring you the same capabilities as when you 're running 4.3 . 
  application frameworks and api 's are n't a big deal to you ? 
  feel free to enlighten me , i 'm the first to admit i 'm not an expert at the technical aspects of android or ios development . 
  sorry for trying to engage in thoughtful discussion , please return to name calling . 
  best quote i 've read all week :d, 
  motherf ... 
  * whoa *, 
  samsung has a store right in the center of helsinki . 
  why did he want his ticket so bad ? 
  this some perfect hangover watching material . 
  [ lupe fiasco - say something freestyle ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cba9hbixgia ), 
  also , why did they remove the guy to drag onto the street for street view ? 
  thanks google !, 
  one king , two kings !, 
  is n't it possible though that farmers get sued falsely for seeds that fall off delivery trucks or cross-pollination from other nearby farms ? 
  any references to cite ? 
  use the remote app on an ios device . 
  [ view on a single page ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/printer/articles/155086-apples-jonathan-ive-and-craig-federighi-the-complete-interview ), 
  what question seemed like ass kissing to you ? 
  i think the reporter was pretty neutral , jony and craig talk like that always . 
  horrendous editing imo, 
  your in and out points seemed to be trivially selected , any momentum built breaks each time with the sudden shift into something new that has no sense of continuity or respect to the material that came before nor to my attention as a viewer . 
  keep at it , definitely recommend premiere over windows default , but it 's not the tool but the story you tell . 
  this was more of a profile article than anything else , but out of curiosity , what kind of hard questions would you have asked ? 
  you should look up how many muslims there are and compare that to the amount of extremists hurting people . 
  cuz he 's a musical jainyus !, 
  you are the only obstacle to overcome to realize this . 
  stevie wonder has a small harmonica glitch in `` is n't she lovely '' from his album songs in the key of life . 
  ca n't quite find the exact location , but [ here he demonstrates it himself in the studio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ortmmsepjoy#t=679 ), 
  you wan na keep ye in the zone ? 
  hate to be a killjoy but he pocketed the opponents balls as well . 
  i 'd think that would make the win invalid if this were a true pool game . 
  did n't you show your family the email ? 
  i struggle with the ever-worsening ux and stability of their ios app , but after using it to log for over a year i ca n't really see myself leaving . 
  hope the situation gets better ( and at least they have a decent mobile version of their website if all else fails ), 
  after you enter and save your days it becomes easy , first times are a burden though . 
  no contrast to speak of , everything is flat although clearly visible , i.e. 
  i do n't see personality in the shot , even though the subject matter is interesting . 
  i would have moved closer and crouched lower , trying to focus on one or two items while keeping the multitude visible . 
  not sold , given to manufacturers for free in hopes it stimulates users to use google products and keeps their ad revenue churning . 
  the nexus line is not really sold for a profit . 
  i hear alaska is nice . 
  `` we 'll go over the other side johnson , that way we 're sure to get him '', 
  quick google of `` vince gilligan jane heroin '' got me this :, 
   he went on to reveal that his original idea for the storyline had walt administering a second dose of heroin : `` he kills her on purpose '' . 
  but this version never made it to the script stage - gilligan was voted down by his writers, 
  link ? 
  5c tech is equal to the 5 , seeing as their performance is pretty damn top notch , my guess would be that it will be supported for at least as long as the 4 , i.e. 
  3-4 years . 
  if you simply hold down the power button it will eventually shut down . 
  fcc regulations . 
  i would but because of the government shutdown , fcc 's website is down ( www.fcc.gov ) . 
  it was cited as the reason why you ca n't prompt for a password when shutting down your phone , as per regulation all devices must comply to shut down when using the power button . 
  first brackets , then parentheses . 
  what frustration ? 
  what procrastination ? 
  damn that was good . 
  [ found a mirror ] . 
  nothing was the same . 
  [ now with no electric wire !, 
  [ no one linked q-tip 's move yet ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhumw8f_sb4 ), 
  `` what would be the most dangerous move i could do from a squat bar ? '', 
  that logic could be applied to any item that has seen functional increases with time , from phones to music players . 
  not saying your point is invalid , but that there are many ways to see the technology around us . 
  if we do not dare to try , we would have never left the comfort of our caves way back when . 
  it 's good , but lacks character . 
  if this were a normal portrait , it would be great . 
  but the face paint she has demands more interesting lighting . 
  you need not show every side evenly , make it interesting . 
  plus , imo , a black background would have suited the paint better , making it appear that it wraps from darkness to ensnare her face . 
  keep at it !, 
  opacity of effects and the newly added ability to layer effects on top of each other make it my go-to photo app . 
  perfect !, 
  thanks . 
  viral movie promotion . 
  nice work !, 
  how do we know they did n't have a piece of glass separating the equipment from the action ? 
  dayum never heard the original , only heard [ the remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2y8mr-u6gs ) ( yt link slightly sped up ) from the b side . 
  got ta say , i dig the remix more . 
  fuck your hampton spouse !, 
  not everything that goes against a viewpoint is anti-drug propaganda . 
  note that many consider the most heart-breaking story in that movie to be the mother who uses prescription pills . 
  try to imagine being the politician that tries to bring up that discussion . 
  what 's next , bringing down drug-free zones back to their original size of surrounding education areas ? 
  pretty ideal conditions - sunset . 
  i wonder what it would look like indoors or in bright daylight . 
  yes that landed with parachutes * somewhere * . 
  these rockets precisely land to a specific location . 
  perhaps the 12 '' screen is for a new sized ipad with a resolution the higher ppi ipad will have ? 
  just guessing . 
  why would he say he killed the agent ? 
  he was killed in the line of duty during a hooch bust . 
  good for the immune system i tells ya !,
