  i 'm saying we need to see a bit more of ourselves in others and talk . 
  life 's for living , why waste it on feeding the fear ? 
  th ; dt, 
  not to mention those bastards are meant for [ cigars ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/car_lighter ) , they burn around but not in the center and can be a pain in the ass in some cars . 
  look how well separation of church and state went :p, 
   i believe that only non-profit organizations and non-corporate funded grass-roots organizations ( it 's really sad that i have to specify non-corporate funded here ) should be allowed lobbyists . 
  i 'd figure it 's impossible to regulate assuredly that non-profits are n't funded by corporate interests . . 
  `` b -- , aba ... how did -- '', 
  `` you like it medium or well done ? '', 
  anyone who lacks these features is different in all the wrong ways . 
  illogical . 
  that is the way of the world sometimes and that is why they ended up bleeding on the floor . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks for the upload !, 
  it 's a shame science redditors are so versed in these things that they do n't really give attention to such things . 
  i cried last when i talked with my mom a few days before leaving to a new country to start my new life . 
  i feel i do n't cry enough . 
  sometimes i have ideas during a song , movie or something that i find so beautiful or sad that cause me to well up or sometimes even randomly when feeling a bit down i get gushes of emotion that want to flow over me and too often i find myself trying to nominalize the feeling rather than going with the experience . 
  i feel in a sense i 'm robbing myself of understanding or experiencing something new , especially since this does n't happen that often . 
  wow , for a second there i thought this was original internet material from college humor , i was in awe of how much they 'd stepped up their game . 
  now the question is : has the quality of tv broadcasting lowered or modern technology levelled the playing field ? 
  i feel it is like a vehicle that can take you to places in your mind you 're usually not open enough to experience . 
  that was fun . 
  note to all aspiring music/video producers : it takes a lot of work to get your product finished . 
  if this man can do it , anyone can . 
  what ? 
  because your life is your experience , examining what constitutes your life makes it more fulfilling , unless you stall your understanding by coaxing yourself into believing knowledge is a burden . 
  you obviously have n't scratched beneath the surface . 
  tisk tisk for spreading such ignorance . 
  if you have a mac , drag the files into logic . 
  modify until you 're pleased , bounce them to ingrain your changes into the file . 
  open exs24 and its editor , drag files/sounds into the editor , click ok , make any modifications you want ( deselect the pitch checkbox if you do n't want to alter the pitch ) . 
  save and play around . 
  enjoy !, 
  the paradox of self is that you * must * change in order to grow , but that means letting go of a part of yourself . 
  you say you have a ` true self ' but is n't this just the comfortable existence you 've created for yourself ? 
  stepping outside of your comfort zone will grow your character and will have great long term benefits . 
  you do n't explain how you 're going about changing so i ca n't say whether you 're doing it right or not , but the main thing to keep in mind is to not be intimidated by that feeling in your gut when you 're doing something new , like talking to strangers . 
  once you break through and actually follow through with what you had planned , that feeling will be replaced by elation . 
  to be confident , intelligent and sociable are not means to an end . 
  enjoy the moment and be in the moment and you will enjoy life . 
  you 're using a lot of words without helping us with some definitions , because these terms might mean a plethora of things for you . 
  oh , and exercise . 
  like 4 times a week , it does n't have to be extremely strenuous as you 'll reap the benefits with exercising so often much easier than if you worked out 2 times really hard . 
  so make sure your body is satisfied !, 
  and eat well . 
  i can get behind the wild bunch . 
  el topo is like no other . 
  pm me if you want , i 'd be interested in working together . 
  such a common arc : great talent when young , lots of pressure to succeed , decides to live ordinarily when grown up . 
  good for him !, 
  never mind the small wall behind the owl , the video is real . 
  i 'll say that again : this video is not a fake . 
  good documentation , it 's evident you 've put in thought into your presentation . 
  that said , things do feel slightly cramped as each element is big and nearly everything has a drop shadow that makes it occupy even more space . 
  vector all the way . 
  this is not photoshop territory , so brush up on your skills . 
  [ here 's a tutorial round-up ] ( http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/04/30/60-beautiful-logo-design-tutorials-and-resources/ ) . 
  ** wait for a while , mbp 's are getting a refresh soon !, 
  and definitely get applecare , you can find them for half price over at ebay . 
  be sure to pick the one that covers your future mbp , they have one for 13 '' mbp 's and another for the 15 '' and 17 '' models . 
  eh , i 'd wager it 's a wait . 
  [ here 's macrumors ' ] ( http://buyersguide.macrumors.com/#macbook ) buying guide . 
  i love using my couch . 
  [ here 's a sample workout ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fu_8kjexee ) i found on youtube . 
  variety is important , keep killing 'em abs !, 
  these people are faking it , but there is a lot of documented cases that are compelling . 
   dr. ian stevenson interviewed young children who have spontaneously remembered apparent previous existences . 
  he has spent more than thirty years in this pursuit and has collected and analyzed thousands of cases from all over the globe . 
   according to stevenson , spontaneous past-life recall is relatively common among children , so common that the number of cases that seem worth considering far exceeds his staff 's ability to investigate them . 
  generally children are between the ages of two and four when they start talking about their `` other life , '' and frequently they remem - ber dozens of particulars , including their name , the names of family members and friends , where they lived , what their house looked like , what they did for a living , how they died , and even obscure informa - tion such as where they hid money before they died and , in cases involving murder , sometimes even who killed them . 
   indeed , frequently their memories are so detailed stevenson is able to track down the identity of their previous personality and verify virtually everything they have said . 
  he has even taken children to the area in which their past incarnation lived , and watched as they navi - gated effortlessly through strange neighborhoods and correctly identi - fied their former house , belongings , and past-life relatives and friends . 
   he has found that a person 's previous incarna - tion can apparently affect the very shape and structure of their current physical body . 
  he has discovered , for example , that burmese children who remember previous lives as british or american air force pilots shot down over burma during world war ii all have fairer hair and complexions than their siblings .63, 
  he has also found instances in which distinctive facial features , foot deformities , and other characteristics have carried over from one life to the next .64 most numerous among these are physical injuries carry - ing over as scars or birthmarks . 
  in one case , a boy who remembered being murdered in his former life by having his throat slit still had a long reddish mark resembling a scar across his neck .65 in another , a boy who remembered committing suicide by shooting himself in the head in his past incarnation still had two scarlike birthmarks that lined up perfectly along the bullet 's trajectory , one where the bullet had entered and one where it had exited . 
  and in another , a boy had a birthmark resembling a surgical scar complete with a line of red marks resembling stitch wounds , in the exact location where his previous personality had had surgery . 
  [ wiki article concerning ian stevenson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ian_stevenson ), 
  this is so methodical it makes me question if you 're human . 
  how much do you charge for consultations ? 
  but then i 'd have to do everything , that 's why people are paid , 
  muscle is built during rest and a multitude of other functions are performed when you sleep . 
  ** the whole `` eating after * x * will be stored as fat is a myth ** , i forward you to [ this google answers thread ] ( http://answers.google.com/answers/threadview/id/755705.html ) with some linkage . 
  you are what your body does with what you eat . 
   `` we are moving ahead with a version of the health care reform bill that we believe has a good chance of passing both the house and the senate . '', 
  so sad we live in a world where instead of experts from all fields coming together to decide what best way to provide healthcare to the citizens of the country , a bunch of old men are trying to figure out how to craft legislation that will keep propagating the lie of representative government while catering to their owners and keeping up appearances . 
  what will it take for us to take control of our world ? 
  it tends to be more , ... frustrating you know ? 
  when someone is `` forgettful or smpli dsnt care to comincte proprl.y, 
  tough day . 
   i have no idea where to start instantly making amazing tracks in an hour flat . 
  lol !, 
  how about telling us about your level ( do you know music theory ? 
  play instruments ? ), 
  and we can nudge you in the right direction . 
  people spend their lives learning to produce great music , do n't think this will be 1-2 . 
  that said , you will enjoy your trip if you dedicate to learning this properly . 
  so tell us : where are you in your life right now with music ? 
  awesome column , we need more of the same !,
