  i 've been hoping for this feature since ios 3 . 
  there was the nike chip for ipods , the fuelband . 
  it will continue , not a wild speculation by any stretch . 
  who 's a good boy ? 
  i think you mean circular reasoning . 
  worked fine for me ? 
  it wont be me , right guys ? 
  1440 scale is gone . 
  only 1080 or 2160 :(, 
  magic trackpad 2 is sloooow , lagging/stuttering . 
  dp 1.2 is on , but for some reason when i open my macbook pro ( 2015 15 inch ) and use as a secondary display , the lag disappears . 
  should n't have upgraded yet . 
  newest 15 inch rmbp . 
  hooked to an external monitor , no 1440 option . 
  why did they remove the option to orient the map to your viewpoint ? 
  i 've had issues figuring out which way i 'm supposed to go when using directions . 
  some steps forward , some steps back imo . 
  prague *, 
  open terminal and use, 
  sudo defaults write / library/preferences/com . apple.windowserver.plist displayresolutionenabled - bool true, 
  to fix this . 
  requires reboot . 
   bragi wants apple to buy them ? 
  ftfy, 
  [ read up before you make ridiculous statements . 
  ] ( https://backchannel.com/an-exclusive-look-at-how-ai-and-machine-learning-work-at-apple-8dbfb131932b#.p9lukz9me ), 
  this is not / r/applehelp, 
  carcassonne on ipad , jumpcut on macos . 
  gtfo, 
  it 's not the drug , it 's the user . 
  there 's no reason they would n't make touchid zones for authorizing payments . 
  it is , but it 's fully dedicated , so that space ca n't be used for anything else except toggling button actions . 
  now imagine the whole front of the device is a screen and only the bottom is used to go home with a force touch action and authorizing payments requires you to rest your finger in a certain area for x seconds ? 
  in all other instances the entire device can be used to display content . 
  imo too easy to accidentally do it , pressing a certain area for a certain amount of time would eliminate accidental confirmations . 
  your binary characterizations are no different from the cancerous polarizations of msm and one of the reasons we 're in this mess to begin with : we as people suck with difficult truths and nuanced realities . 
  your assumption that a small unopposed group of like-minded people are fulfilling a very specific agenda flies against the face of reality . 
  there are people with power , but calling them all a singular group ( whether nwo , zionists or whatever ) is just as foolish as claiming every act unpleasant to liberals is orchestrated by russia . 
  why do n't you block his number ? 
  [darkpatterns.org ] ( http://www.darkpatterns.org ), 
   russia does n't want it 's monopoly on europe to be taken over, 
  what monopoly ? 
  as a european i 'm confused by this statement . 
  those limitations are due to the apps . 
  all controls are programmed , nothing happens without someone creating that functionality . 
  i turned it off , only enabled it by accident . 
  wow , that is a lot of angry , old white people . 
  in call settings you can set it to announce the caller , even to only do so when connected to a headset . 
  finnair as well . 
  as someone who also bought the 7 and a series 2 , i feel like giving my two cents . 
  i mean , at first it 's just gimmicks . 
  there 's a lot to take in and orientate around this new ui . 
  there are a few app crashes ( at least for me ) , but all-in-all it 's a cool device : smooth animations , a lot of customization with watch faces etc. 
  then the novelty wears off , but you use it to track exercises , to take some moments in the day for breathing exercises ( helps a lot to relax ) and keep watch over your heart rate . 
  then when you 're in a new area , you quickly use foursquare to find a good place to eat ( by speaking into your watch , like saying `` sushi '' ) and getting tap-based directions via maps how to walk there , and the feeling is like you 're in the future . 
  getting notifications on my wrist has led me to look at my phone less and be more present . 
  quickly seeing upcoming information , setting timers , etc. 
  and knowing e.g. 
  my activity level , caloric consumption , as well as being reminded to get up once an hour ( and to breathe every now and then ) makes it a device worth having for me . 
  the battery easily lasts over two days , but i do n't sleep with my watch on , so it 's always charged and ready to go . 
  ** tl ; dr ** the watch has real-life uses that grow on you . 
  [ here 's one from me  ( http://imgur.com/a/uzjpv ) opening a whatsapp from lock screen and then unlocking keeps the keyboard out , going into apps does n't make it go away . 
  pulling out the notification view from up top makes it disappear . 
  i have n't owned a fitbit , but i never would . 
  the apple watch is very much a watch , the fitbit to me [ looks like a toy with a bitmap screen ] ( https://www.fitbit.com/fi/charge2 ) . 
  can i make calls or answer messages with a fitbit , or see at a glance meetings and upcoming weather ? 
  you come off condescending and spiteful , so i 'm sure this will make no effect on your opinion , but it seems you 're somehow butthurt that people actually enjoy this product . 
  that 's your loss , not mine . 
  hypothesizing they did n't do something before an announcement ? 
  so obstacle detection is n't a safeguard against all objects ahead if diffuse enough ( i.e. 
  leaves vs. solid wall ) ? 
  to match the chin size of the pixel . 
  touch\u00e9 , forgot about that . 
  still hoping for a reasonable solution for the pro line , let 's see what happens . 
  google maps severely limited , i do n't use it until it gets apis that allow fuller functionality . 
  now it 's just a list of directions , vs. maps with taps and a zoomable map . 
  i do n't know about calories , but heart rate is accurate and my general impression is that it 's best in class . 
  my workout intensity definitely reflects how much it says i 've burned , the numbers are definitely not based on just static equations . 
  only reason i could think of is the more tactile keyboard and having ports . 
  only a static list for now . 
  you need to use apple 's maps for it to navigate you . 
  this is relatively common afaik in finland , done to allow education and other benefits . 
  not that evil in motivation , i believe it also helped with integration as this allowed more contact with finns irl . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes , great conversation ... 
  only thing rand paul helped end was his fathers presidential campaign . 
  the more competition the better !, 
  now if they could only support more languages ... 
  sorry but the majority of rape and harm is caused by finns . 
  there are thousands of refugees , how is this case in any way representative ? 
  series 2 battery lasts more than two days , do n't know how important a battery complication really is . 
  there are apps like violet that are watch-only , ofc installed and configured via the iphone . 
  sorry , but i have one and use it daily for cycling and gym and it easily lasts over two days with one charge for me . 
  that would basically require a microprocessor and a battery . 
  not going to happen . 
  wifi is enough , it does n't have to be charging . 
  source : i use this feature daily . 
  using the procaster bh-04 's , working fine for me . 
  `` i 'd rather put needles in my eyes . '', 
  yup , i even got downvoted into oblivion saying that in a comment in another thread . 
  i feel like i could get two and a half days with a single charge .
