  for science !, 
  straight up propaganda . 
  aspartame has been shown to be a very safe food additive from the 30 years of rigorous testing it 's received . 
  yes , that does seem scientific . 
  edit : aspartame has been the subject of several controversies and hoaxes since its initial approval by the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) in 1974 . 
  critics allege that conflicts of interest marred the fda 's approval of aspartame , question the quality of the initial research supporting its safety , and postulate that numerous health risks may be associated with aspartame . 
  the validity of these claims has been examined and dismissed . 
  in 1987 , the u.s. government accountability office concluded that the food additive approval process had been followed properly for aspartame . 
  aspartame has been found to be safe for human consumption by more than ninety countries worldwide , with fda officials describing aspartame as `` one of the most thoroughly tested and studied food additives the agency has ever approved '' and its safety as `` clear cut '' . 
  [ the weight of existing scientific evidence indicates that aspartame is safe at current levels of consumption as a non-nutritive sweetener . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aspartame#safety_controversy ), 
  ooo !, 
  it turns into formaldehyde !!, 
  did you know that normal sugar causes this very same reaction , and 6 times more ? 
  stop with the soundbites , do n't let anyone usurp your judgment . 
  that 's a fine documentary ( well produced , that is ) but it is n't scientific . 
  go and read the literature if you 're so concerned instead of spreading false information and fear . 
  we 're not the only ones who care about the future and the health of our children , do n't forget that . 
  hey , red shirt !, 
  you 've been reading the science , have n't you ? 
  in all seriousness , go around the net finding images of clothes on guys and go to the stores seeking clothes to emulate that look . 
  it 's about the whole , not the individual items . 
  learn basic color theory ( [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/color_theory#traditional_color_theory ) ) and try to understand what makes good clothing styles separate from the bad . 
  and this has been suggested before and it 's so true : exercise . 
  do starting strength or follow bodyrock.tv videos . 
  it 's simple , non-time consuming , will make you feel better , gets the testosterone going and makes you sexier . 
  the only price you need to pay is sweat and to learn how to push on even though your body is saying stop . 
  it 's awesome . 
  best of luck , remember , what 's inside shines on the outside , so cultivate a strong sense of self-confidence . 
  without exercising i do n't see this happening . 
  make results that you can measure and witness and you 'll feel great . 
  small frog , poop on lily . 
  good for you , that 's information toward the right direction !, 
  original tarkovsky all the way . 
  one of the reasons organic pesticides have become more inefficient over time is because the inorganic petrochemical pesticides have increased the resistance to organic ones and require heavier use for the same effect . 
  the crops require much more pesticides and ultimately do n't have higher yields . 
  and who knows how much more that accelerates y chromosome degradation over time . 
  shit , they 're giving it streamed live themselves for the first time . 
  it 's going to be a shitload of bandwidth no matter what , perhaps in a year or two it will be for everyone . 
  i honestly do n't know what to think . 
  `` you ca n't mouse when you vote , obama ! '', 
  `` if everything was nothing then why god ? '', 
  `` medicare killed me . 
  ama . '', 
  `` the earth revolves around the sun ! '', 
  too big to jail . 
  what do you have to lose ? 
  spark up a conversation . 
  excess acidity is exhaled with our breathing . 
  or so i heard . 
   6 , i might be biased . 
  * ( see username ) *, 
  tiger woods ai n't got nothing on me . 
  give the elements more personality . 
  sounds too synthy , grow it some hair !, 
  nonetheless i dig the arrangement . 
  good groove !, 
  just keep creating . 
  thankfully * i 'm * not a rat !, 
  shut the fuck up stf ... oh . 
  we 'll call it the wheel of liability !, 
  there is hope , we can change as humanity . 
  we need to implement ideas exactly like this for us to have a chance at living on a decent planet . 
   when there is interest , there is learning, 
  time to smell the coffee . 
  i have a phone in the apartment but it 's based on gsm tech , not a solid landline . 
  quite common here in spain . 
  4 ) it was n't cut off . 
  it was ripped off by the door . 
  this is what wikileaks should get their hands on . 
  you 're now 18 !, 
  write a book . 
  hip hop was never the same after that album . 
  pete rock & cl smooth - soul survivor, 
  / r/answers would have you covered . 
  what happens on set stays on set . 
  unless you 're christian bale . 
  9 out of 10 statistics are made on the spot . 
  it 's not hard making friends !, 
  just go out and introduce yourself . 
  say you 're new . 
  do n't be trapped in some fucked up fear comfort . 
  go out and own your life . 
  i threw a crt monitor down from my old sixth floor apartment when i was moving out . 
  nice fall , no repercussions . 
  closure !, 
  photoshop tutorials, 
  glad you liked it . 
  share the love , 
  quite rare to be on the ground floor nowadays . 
  now that 's what a call a story . 
   got a bunch of good stories out of it . 
   many stories from over there . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  i 'd wager to say it 's not a * real * documentary , but who knows ? 
  b. . . but how ? 
  it 's not like * anyone * can just go and create their own subreddit !, 
  if you want , i have an insane bookmarks collection for graphics and web design , as well as web development . 
  pm me if you want my resources , 
  no one should exercise in hopes of burning calories .
