  [ afaik there are none ] ( http://www.skepdic.com/detox.html ) . 
  common sense is no substitute for scientific evidence . 
  many things we hold to be common sense actually have no basis in fact . 
  detoxification is a medical term when your body has toxins to the point of you being sick . 
   if you 're healthy , concentrate on giving your body what it needs to maintain its self-cleaning system -- a healthful diet , adequate fluids , exercise , sleep , and all recommended medical check-ups , instead of relying on so-called detox procedures , says the [ harvard women 's health watch . ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/04/080428170407.htm ) . 
  so if what you say is true , show me the proof . 
  i 've shown you sources that show there is no evidence to your claim . 
  [ here 's a woman who got permanent brain damage from a water detox diet ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7520756.stm ) . 
  does that prove anything ? 
  but it shows the dangers in what you 're saying . 
  water and no electrolytes will cause water intoxication which can lead to death . 
  see above sources for more info . 
  great job !, 
  what kind of calisthenic routine do you do ? 
  fyi , your liver is what purifies your blood , and it needs nutrients to do its job . 
  fasting increases strain on your whole system , especially your liver and kidneys . 
  wild guess : thought of something you need to get done ? 
  do it now !, 
  honest question : can the us government afford to run the prisons ? 
  i 'm under the impression that they privatized it to decrease costs on their end . 
  what was up with that woman , how did she end up doing so much for the bit and then talk herself into a hole like that ? 
  what was the moment of zen clip from ? 
  what 's with all the karma talk ? 
  breaking news : head of religious organization confesses to believing parts of its doctrine . 
  as radio and the music industry becomes more cutthroat , this is no surprise . 
  but there is more variety and quantity of good music than ever before . 
  from the civil wars to janelle monae , you only need to do a little searching to find amazing talent . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.wacom.com/en/us/everyday ), 
  does n't work so well in europe . 
  i 've found skyscanner ( free ) to give the best results . 
  formula pit stop in the middle of the forest road and a `` bear '' that gets close and does n't move at all during the time it 's shown ? 
  seems legit . 
  nice !, 
  i 'd recommend beefing up the vocals with eq somewhere around 300-600 hz for more body fullness , sounds very high-freq biased . 
  some weird glitch with the vocal takes merging around 0:44 ? 
  the synth around 1:30 does n't add nearly as well as the sax imo , makes it hard to listen to the vocals and it does n't really add to the mood . 
  otherwise production is really solid and the lyrics paints some nice pictures . 
  that intro kicks ass , caught me off guard with the swirls and then boom !, 
  some of the glitch stuff seems a bit out of place imo , the vibe is very old school but some of the glitch effects feel too digital , like the 1/64th hihats and 1/16th kicks . 
  but the production is great , i dig it . 
  [ did this in one go recently ] ( https://soundcloud.com/hollow-gram/sure-thing-demo ) . 
  came pouring out . 
  thanks for the input , content-wise it 's exactly what happened recently to me , shame if it 's not presented in an exciting enough manner for your tastes , 
  strange . 
  have you restored ? 
  if that has n't helped , that might be a hardware issue . 
  have n't seen or heard of such severe problems from anyone . 
  it 's a formula used in physics that can be used to consistently explain a wide range of phenomena , but not everything . 
  most photographed city in the world . 
  some people actually value animal life over a human . 
  sounds like a great idea for some studio experimentation . 
  go for it and let us know what you uncover , 
  i think thats phones in general , not flagships . 
  could be wrong tho . 
  am now at level 49 . 
  gets easier after 35 , 43 was a sticker for me for a while . 
  just keep hammering until you get the right flow with making squares one after another . 
  if you have n't sunk the first 6 anchors by around move 20 , forget it . 
  if you close the app and reload it it wo n't take away a life . 
  ugh of course i forgot one !, 
  1 am does that to a person . 
  the us taking policy direction from soccer moms would seem like a bigger danger than humane treatment of people being jailed . 
  what an asshole . 
  well if you can use that toy to train 8 hours a day to compete in competitions it costs to enter , you could win ... ok , i give up . 
  step 1 . 
  aka programs that get cut when budgets are tight , because raising taxes is not an option . 
  `` what are you , some kind of dick-sucking monster villain ? '', 
  lion is for the reggae stuff , for rap it 's always d-o-double-g, 
  nice !, 
  i 've foubd it hard to find good alphabets and tutorials on this `` tall '' gothic style . 
  what 's been your method to practice ? 
  great job on this btw !, 
  the rest of the westernized world would like to remind everyone that it is possible to have regulations and not rob your freedom . 
  here in finland we have one of the highest citizen gun ownership rates in the world and although we have had some school shootings , finland does n't ( nor really any other country at peace ) suffer from these incidents . 
  keep your rifles , save lives and tighten regulations . 
  another reason why i do n't allow location services to be enabled for fb . 
  iirc in the keynote they said you can define the default erase time and also flag conversations to keep all content indefinitely . 
  rahzel 's classic butchered by someone at tedx . 
  sigh . 
  what did you use for recording audio ? 
  good job in general , shadows were a bit dark at parts but a good effort . 
  for music i 'd recommend collaborating rather than trying to find something ready-made , it 's like stock footage or color presets , best is custom . 
  there 's a lot of talented pianists and producers still in school looking to flesh out their portfolio . 
   as with the majority of musicians and producers in my same position ( not many followers / no momentum ) , i find myself yearning to show anybody my work but nobody with the care or attention span in my immediate vicinity to lend me an ear . 
  how about getting active in the scene ? 
  / r/wearethemusicmakers and / r/edmproduction would be good starting points . 
  there are probably many with similar interests where you live . 
  start a facebook page , why are n't you reaching out to listeners more ? 
  waiting for the `` perfect moment '' ? 
  you do use a lot of words as / u/sexbiscuits pointed out and although you 're articulate , you do n't really convey any real emotion or passion . 
  i do n't feel a connection nor do i feel that you are really struggling , more angsting without actually doing that much . 
  a good start , but be more hungry and make more music . 
  collaborate with musicians as well as with artists to get a visual identity . 
  it 's a sad fact that globally renewables only amount to 1 % of energy production . 
  only way we 're going to cut carbon emissions is a worldwide effort to develop new efficient renewable tech , tax industries to fund it and build nuclear power plants and sell it cheaper than oil or coal based energy . 
  5c were quite successful , 2nd most sold smartphone in many countries . 
  press gave it a bad wrap though , as usual . 
  a lot of people wondering why they did n't get their lives in order after wiping a dead mans ass i suppose . 
  need to plug [examine.com ] ( http://www.examine.com ) for checking facts about all things dietary .
