   eli roth directed the film-within-the-film , `` nation 's pride '' . 
  quentin tarantino asked roth to direct the short , and roth requested his brother gabriel roth join him to direct behind a second camera , which tarantino agreed to . 
  in two days the brothers got 130 camera setups , and tarantino was so pleased he gave roth a third day that he was originally planning to shoot with actor daniel br\u00fchl . 
  roth got 50 more setups the third day , much to tarantino 's delight . 
  the total running time of the short is 5:30 , and was always intended to feel like pieces of a longer film , not a coherent short . 
  what greater function ? 
  has the same ports and an amazing screen . 
  `` again , your tone says insult , but what i 'm hearing is a tempting offer . '', 
  that 's as subtle as a kick in the teeth . 
  it is my opinion that you really like flowers . 
  ... or spent a dollar on a capacitative stylus from dx.com, 
  our entire economic model is not sustainable , what are you on about ? 
   once completed , the 64-core version of the parallella computer would deliver over 90 gflops of performance and would have the the horse power comparable to a theoretical 45 ghz cpu [ 64 cpu cores * 700mhz ] on a board the size of a credit card while consuming only 5 watts under typical work loads . 
  for certain applications , this would provide raw performance than a high end server costing thousands of dollars and consuming 400w . 
  that 's ... amazing . 
  another thing that piqued my interest today was [ adapteva 's parallel computing platform ] ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/adapteva/parallella-a-supercomputer-for-everyone ) , theoretical 45 ghz of computing on the size of a credit card , consuming an average 5 w. 
  that 's like the timmy version of quickgonzales ' [ gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/okqwg.jpg ) . 
  if you read the project page , they need the funding ( which they 've since acquired ) to reduce component sizes . 
  this company has a solid record on delivering and although i only found out about them today , i 'm psyched about what they 're doing and with who . 
  i 'd replace yt with vimeo . 
  a pleasure to use . 
  ux designers will find solutions . 
  they commented on this in the faq :, 
   we have received a lot of negative feedback regarding this number so we want to explain the meaning and motivation . 
  a single number can never characterize the performance of an architecture . 
  the only thing that really matters is how many seconds and how many joules your application consumes on a specific platform . 
   still , we think multiplying the core frequency ( 700mhz ) times the number of cores ( 64 ) is as good a metric as any . 
  as a comparison point , the theoretical peak gflops number often quoted for gpus is really only reachable if you have an application with significant data parallelism and limited branching . 
  other numbers used in the past by processors include : peak gflops , mips , dhrystone scores , coremark scores , spec scores , linpack scores , etc. 
  taken by themselves , datasheet specs mean very little . 
  we have published all of our data and manuals and we hope it 's clear what our architecture can do . 
  if not , let us know how we can convince you . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  having fun all the time regardless of outcome is my suggestion . 
  glorious , awesome documentaries !, 
  one for each weekday , 
  i think it 'd be too in-your-face if it 'd be directly on his head , but i do n't imagine it 's a far fetch to say it emulates the holy rays of light emanating often depicted of saints/prophets . 
  forstall was a class a plick from all i 've heard and i am really glad he 's out of the game . 
  xerox sold their research to apple , what are you on about ? 
  they could n't monetize it , apple ran with it . 
  microsoft apple 's innovations built on parc tech and claimed they got it from xerox as well . 
  xerox sued apple after apple sued microsoft for infringing on macintosh `` look and feel '' so that if apple won , xerox would be the beneficiary of the ruling . 
  their claim was dismissed without being really addressed . 
  from wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parc_ ( company ) #adoption _ by_apple ) :, 
   the first successful commercial gui product was the apple macintosh , which was heavily inspired by parc 's work ; xerox was allowed to buy pre-ipo stock from apple , in exchange for engineer visits, 
   much later , in the midst of the 1988 -- 1994 apple v. microsoft lawsuit , in which apple accused microsoft of violating its copyright by appropriating the use of the `` look and feel '' of the apple macintosh gui , xerox also sued apple on similar grounds . 
  the xerox lawsuit was dismissed because the presiding judge dismissed most of xerox 's complaints as being inappropriate for a variety of legal reasons . 
   however , apple 's designs included quite a few concepts that were not part of ( or were non-trivial advances to ) the prototype developed at parc . 
  for example :, 
   - unlike the macintosh , parc 's prototype was incapable of any direct manipulation of widgets . 
   - unlike the macintosh , parc 's prototype did not feature menu bars , or pull-down menu , nor the trash . 
   - unlike the macintosh , parc 's windows could not overlap each other . 
  take walks or do hiit jogging/running or going up and down stairs . 
  you want to keep your caloric intake at where you are or even upping it with protein calories ( milk products , eggs , whey protein ) . 
  move more , burn more calories . 
  keep eating well . 
  what struck me was : what is the focal idea of the website ? 
  is it to present the establishment ? 
  is it to get bookings ? 
  the front page text block is n't much taller than the photo gallery , on a desktop it would be nice if i could read the text without having to scroll down , i.e. 
  having them float left if the viewport is big enough would be nice . 
  no information is really emphasized , and the text is n't the easiest to read . 
  the photo gallery 's second image makes me feel claustrophobic , everything seems really squeezed in , although it 's a farm !, 
  besides the outside shots , i do n't get a proper gauge for how large the place is . 
  going to the property page ( name could be facilities or something , maybe it 's just me not used to terminology in your area ) shows me some photos you could really present in the main gallery ( e.g. 
  the big room ) . 
  coming soon is really cheesy imo , i felt like it degraded the quality of the site . 
  i was slightly confused with the black links in the page navigation box . 
  having a `` select a property for information '' somewhere could help elaborate what you expect the user to do . 
  going to the old town , i 'm interested in what 's presented but i 'm not sure how it exactly all comes together in relation to what was presented in the property page . 
  and no call to actions to be seen !, 
  what if i was interested and wanted to call , or reserve ? 
  well , let 's head to get that information from your contact page . 
  ( i noticed later that there was a footer with information ( in very small text ) , but i 'd recommend putting some call to actions here and there . 
  [ smashing magazine article on cta 's ] ( http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/10/13/call-to-action-buttons-examples-and-best-practices/ ) ), 
  ok , bam , immediately i know where you 're located . 
  i did n't realize you were in texas before coming here ( although it 's in the footer as tx , but i saw that at the very end ) . 
  you could additionally offer a google maps link for directions . 
  great to know they * proudly * accept visa and mastercard . 
  a good job all in all , i think development points would be to emphasize main points , have contact information easily available and constantly building upon the viewers mental picture of what this place is . 
  very professional , from lighting and cc to the small reflections on the guitar . 
  consciousness spontaneously forms in the right conditions like a circuit in the grid we call the universe . 
  i 'm at work , anyone able to give me a tl ; dw ? 
  caucasians are not native to america . 
  naps are great . 
  broscience . 
  hahaha he was so fired . 
  drinking a glass or two of water can help a lot to fall asleep . 
  looks like a pair to me . 
  the ( first , portrait ) swan photo is gorgeous . 
  great use of contrast . 
  excuse me but c5 is a steaming pile of **** . 
  not a developer , but it 's `` intuitive easy to use '' premise is far removed from the truth . 
  all i see is obama beating romney , 
  do n't forget him killing that little boy at the end of season 1 iirc . 
  i imagine it also has to do with not wanting to follow a simple monotonous beat , he really plays around with the timing ( see his own tapping rhythms ) and i 'm sure it would find it too constraining . 
  in turn , he gave them something amazing . 
  [ he also says he hates that song ] ( http://www.spinner.com/2009/08/14/i-hate-my-hit-10-songs-disowned-by-the-people-who-made-them-fam/ ) . 
  i was impressed the first one worked on mobile with tapping . 
  yes , thats the one i meant .
