  he reasoned that this was why memories of so many insignificant events kept cropping up in his sampling . 
  if our memory is a complete record of even the most mundane of our day-to-day experiences , it is reasonable to assume that dipping randomly into such a massive chronicle would produce a good deal of trifling information . 
   as a young neurosurgery resident , [ karl ] pribram had no reason to doubt penfield 's engram theory . 
  but then something happened that was to change his thinking forever . 
  in 1946 he went to work with the great neuropsychologist karl lashley at the yerkes laboratory of primate biology , then in orange park , florida . 
  for over thirty years lashley had been involved in his own ongoing search for the elusive mech-anisms responsible for memory , and there pribram was able to wit - ness the fruits of lashley 's labors firsthand . 
  what was startling was that not only had lashley failed to produce any evidence of the en - gram , but his research actually seemed to pull the rug out from under all of penfield 's findings . 
  what lashley had done was to train rats to perform a variety of tasks , such as run a maze . 
  then he surgically removed various por - tions of their brains and retested them . 
  his aim was literally to cut out the area of the rats ' brains containing the memory of their maze - running ability . 
  to his surprise he found that no matter what portion of their brains he cut out , he could not eradicate their memories . 
  often the rats ' motor skills were impaired and they stumbled clumsily through the mazes , but even with massive portions of their brains removed , their memories remained stubbornly intact . 
  for pribram these were incredible findings . 
  if memories possessed specific locations in the brain in the same way that books possess specific locations on library shelves , why did n't lashley 's surgical plunderings have any effect on them ? 
  for pribram the only answer seemed to be that memories were not localized at specific brain sites , but were somehow spread out or distributed throughout the brain as a whole . 
  the problem was that he knew of no mechanism or process that could account for such a state of affairs . 
  lashley was even less certain and later wrote , `` i sometimes feel , in reviewing the evidence on the localization of the memory trace , that the necessary conclusion is that learning just is not possible at all . 
  nevertheless , in spite of such evidence against it , learning does some - times occur . '', 
  in 1948 pribram was offered a position at yale , and before leaving he helped write up thirty years of lashley 's monumental research . 
  from * [ the holographic universe ] ( http://www.amazon.com/holographic-universe-michael-talbot/dp/0060922583/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1258124540&amp;sr=8-1 ) * by michael talbot . 
  citations :, 
  wilder penfield , the mystery of the mind : a critical study of con - sciousness and the human brain ( princeton , n.j. : princeton university press , 1975 ) . 
  karl lashley , `` in search of the engram , '' in physiological mechanisms in animal behavior ( new york : academic press , 1950 ) , pp . 
  karl pribram , `` the neurophysiology of remembering '' scientific american 220 ( january 1969 ) , p. 75 . 
  does that change the fact that there 's more interest than money in circulation ? 
  or am i wrong in saying that there 's more debt than we can all collectively pay ? 
  it 's teh [ uncanny valley ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncanny_valley ) !, 
  run !, 
  lol , you bastard !, 
  first , thanks for actually taking time to respond . 
  i hate getting downvoted without * any * discussion/reasoning . 
  no one knows everything but we all have opinions ( i hope you see beyond the superficiality of that statement ) . 
  i am a bit of a layman in regards to economic theory although i 'm very interested . 
  when governments are printing trillions of fiat currency makes all of the money totally worthless , am i wrong ? 
  it seems that the whole thing is kept afloat because all the players are artificially ( via bubbles ) keeping the whole thing from crashing . 
  thanks again for correcting me on neglecting inflation , but i think i 'm still correct in saying that the system is built so that all debt will never be paid and this raises a big question : should we live under a debt-based economic system ? 
  yeah , wtf is up with that ? 
  and we can confirm this how ? 
  solution : use something else than palm oil . 
  there 's nothing we ca n't do using something else . 
  so what does the holocaust have to do with palestine ? 
  and also ( for example ) the fact that tsunami 's in asia caused more casualties than katrina is n't an excuse to not do anything about katrina victims . 
  man that girl is cute !, 
  she seemed a little too amped for the `` interview '' though , seemed like she was trying a bit too hard at times . 
  creative , 8-bit , meme-laden ... is this the future of pop ? 
  i suspect there will be an abnormal amount of postured , flower-scented geeks running around this week ... 
  reddit gives me everything information-wise i used to need dozens of newspapers , magazines , tv channels and groups of people for . 
  now it all comes streamlined at a push of a button on my screen . 
  and it 's interactive . 
  using my patented deduction skills i pose you a question : how many models do you sleep with ? 
  1 out of every 5 ? 
  if you need the correction , does the gag come once you know the truth ? 
  i 'm soon leaving to tanzania to work there ( multimedia production mostly in the mwanza area but i know des is the business capital of that country ) and the knowledge you have ( if any ) of this country could help me greatly to adapt and `` get '' how things are done and what to take into consideration . 
  thanks in advance . 
  it was n't . 
  elegance and soul . 
  [ al green - simply beautiful ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdjghe5kyoy ) . 
  yeah , because lsd = psychotic mind . 
  i hope you recognize the difference between symptoms and diagnosis , i.e. 
  if someone exhibits sneezing it does n't necessarily mean he has the flu , and between influence and personality , i.e. 
  if someone motivates me to go skydiving it does n't make me a thrill-seeking person . 
  psychosis ! = psychotic mind ( drunk ! = alcoholic ), 
  tortillas ?!, 
  have n't you seen [ rodriguez 's sin city cooking school ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibgslmdcl78 ) ? 
  ya fired !, 
  that was such a weak attempt at telling it i actually laughed . 
  i did n't find your joke , but i came across this one :, 
   this guy gets drunk one night , and wakes up with a terrible hangover , and realizes he 's in a motel . 
  as his eyes come into focus , he sees a very ugly girl sitting at the foot of the bed , staring at him . 
   she looks at him says , `` what are we going to name it ? '', 
   he picks up the rubber he used the night before , ties it in a knot , tosses it out the window , and says , `` if he gets out of this we 'll call him houdini . '', 
  dunno who downvoted you ... 
  i 'm pretty convinced it 's partially a fake too . 
  file this in the `` no shit sherlock '' box . 
  this is why scientists for the longest of time were convinced there is no brain cell growth past childhood , because they were looking at stressed animal brains and not detecting growth , whereas it was exactly the stressful environment that prevented brain cell growth . 
  science is like an eye that can not see itself . 
  slowly but surely progress is made , 
  yeah op , just ask her which she 'd prefer !, 
  that 's an american pie moment just waiting to happen . 
   how 's the pale ale ? 
  the killer inside me had the most f ` cked up trailer known to all man . 
  it has now been removed from every place i looked , which is great because they were giving away the whole bloody thing ( * literally * ) and it looks to be quite good . 
  it 's as if i can nearly see hypnotoad written there ... 
   princeton , n.j. -- in a finding that eventually could lead to new methods for treating brain diseases and injuries , princeton scientists have shown that new neurons are continually added to the cerebral cortex of adult monkeys . 
  the discovery reverses a dogma nearly a century old and suggests entirely new ways of explaining how the mind accomplishes its basic functions , from problem solving to learning and memory . 
   elizabeth gould and charles gross report in the oct. 15 issue of science that the formation of new neurons or nerve cells -- neurogenesis -- takes place in several regions of the cerebral cortex that are crucial for cognitive and perceptual functions . 
  the cerebral cortex is the most complex region of the brain and is responsible for highest-level decision making and for recognizing and learning about the world . 
  the results strongly imply that the same process occurs in humans , because monkeys and humans have fundamentally similar brain structures . 
   `` this is an absolutely novel result , '' says william t. greenough , director of the neuroscience program at the university of illinois ' beckman institute . 
  `` these data scream for a reanalysis of human brain development . '', 
  a little old so it 's hard to find . 
  googling elizabeth gould should yield more info if you 're that inclined . 
  basecamp is awesome but the thing keeping me away is [ their horrible security hole ] ( http://brian.mastenbrook.net/display/36 ) . 
  this belongs in [ r/photography ] ( http : / www.reddit.com/r/photography ) . 
  edit : correction . 
  this blogspam does n't belong anywhere on reddit . 
  keep to posting quality content . 
  yup , but it makes the machine trip so you never quite know where it 's faxed ... 
  came here to express that sentiment . 
  this is fucked .
