  that really showed me . 
  it 's still acceptable . 
  anything below 32 \u00b0 f is detrimental . 
  both ? 
  bistro comes from the russian word * bystro * for * fast * . 
  i 'm part russian . 
  i think you mean botfly ? 
  your life must be amazing . 
  not sure if thats a critique for making most functionality 3d touch - only or against design inconsistencies . 
  why should n't all users be able to clear all notifications , for example ? 
  10th anniversary iphone . 
  good chance it 'll bring some next-level features into the mix . 
   often apple has a need to let information out , unofficially . 
  the company has been doing that for years , and it helps preserve apple 's consistent , official reputation for never talking about unreleased products . 
  i know , because when i was a senior marketing manager at apple , i was instructed to do some controlled leaks . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/how-apple-does-controlled-leaks-2010-1?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t ), 
  yes , but we were only talking about apple 's own implementation of the feature they created . 
  [ apple 's own documentation disagrees . 
  no need to drain . 
  ] ( http://www.apple.com/uk/batteries/maximizing-performance/ ), 
  [ keep your pits huddled . 
  ] ( http://transportsafety.vic.gov.au/__data/assets/image/0008/29285/hypothermia.jpg ), 
  what 's with these knife train attacks as of late ? 
  had they kidnapped others ? 
  what other details about their lives did you learn throughout the trial ? 
  how did this affect your eating habits and relationships ? 
  thank you for sharing your story . 
  best battery life of any computer i 've ever owned . 
  got it pretty close to when el cap was released so i ca n't give a good indication if it got better or worse . 
  the experience has only been improved upon mavericks as far as i 'm concerned , no slowdowns or anything . 
  just smooth responsiveness and the continuity features are something i use daily . 
  thanks for the thorough reply , so happy to hear you managed to move on and build a life for yourself . 
  go you !, 
  i specifically meant knife attacks on trains . 
  what are you on about ? 
  show me an abloy lock being picked , please . 
  older or newer models . 
  their method is unpickable afaik . 
  edit : i seem to have been [ mistaken . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/nojyqu1x4um ), 
  whoa , following that vid there 's a [ video of someone picking an abloy sentry . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/nojyqu1x4um ) those special tools are quite something !, 
  hey , finland just got siri , so i 'm hoping pay will roll around 2024 , since it involves banks doing work as well . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i usually use mine for adobe cc ( photoshop/illustrator for graphics , premiere and after effects for intense video editing ) so my usage drains battery more . 
  still , i 'd say with improved memory management and metal used across the board , i get around 4-6 hours of intense use . 
  browsing and video would probably be 8-11 hrs tbh . 
  telling someone and letting them come to their own conclusions on their own terms produces two different mindsets . 
  like trying to walk in a relaxed manner vs. taking a walk when relaxed . 
  btt remote, 
  can we stop giving woz the time of day ? 
  he is irrelevant and willing to promote ideas/products in exchange for money . 
  also 4 has true split mode . 
  go for it !, 
  apple stopped using gg when they introduced curved glass with the iphone 6 . 
  any source for this claim ? 
  fish.exe is booting ... 
  you could n't in that case just run it off usb power ? 
  weird , for me gboard is by far the most usable and overall smooth/native-like of any 3rd party keyboard , to the extent that i 'm using it daily ( iphone 6s ) . 
  you 'd think the ois would be used for the telephoto zoom , the wider the focal length the less stabilization is required ... 
  another thing that i love about that song is that it simultaneously alludes to the chiptone-era kanye as well as sped-up youtube videos , which is a common way to avoid takedowns when you upload copyrighted music . 
  so even though i heard the song for the first time when i watched the music video on apple music , i was wondering if there was something awry . 
  only people without neanderthal genes are sub-saharan africans . 
  mac cameras are hardwired to the indicator light : no sw hack can prevent the green light from going on when electricity starts flowing through to the camera . 
   according to the researchers , the vulnerability they discovered affects `` apple internal isight webcams found in earlier-generation apple products , including the imac g5 and early intel-based imacs , macbooks , and macbook pros [ until roughly 2008 ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2013/12/18/research-shows-how-macbook-webcams-can-spy-on-their-users-without-warning/ ) . '', 
  basically requires rewriting the firmware of the camera , and is n't possible without admin passwords and local access , and even then that has only been shown with macs pre-2008 . 
  all factors are important . 
  healthy doses of ram and powerful gpu is a must . 
  cpu is the lesser power in this equation , but also important . 
  not sure how well ps actually utilizes multiple cores . 
  i imagine her as red from oitnb, 
  icloud keychain is separate from your device settings , so it should be all good . 
  yea , i think it 's kinda ridiculous to think this is 1st gen , unless it 's as radical of a redesign as the mac pro was . 
  is ipad pro a first gen product ? 
  was the iphone 6 1st gen ? 
  doubtful . 
  tried the plus , determined it was too big for me to enjoy on a daily basis , got the 6s . 
  will upgrade to the 7 , because why wait for my phone to lose more value before reselling ? 
  which case ? 
  procam has this ability . 
  what ? 
  i thought it was identical ( 3 gb ) ? 
  samsung did create proprietary earphones ( [ the iconx 's ] ( https://www.androidpit.com/samsung-gear-iconx-review ) ) , which do n't work with other devices . 
  apple 's airpods work as normal bt headphones with other devices . 
  if anything , hopefully this move will make other manufacturers up their game with wireless audio tech . 
  with the gpu , i feel it 's a worthy investment for keeping it up to date/supported longer . 
  they 're becoming sentient !, 
  it even stepped over obstacles !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the article has links for its statements and they hold true . 
  how about proving otherwise , instead of dismissing the claims ? 
  there is evidence to back what the author is saying , and it 's linked !, 
  battery size does n't guarantee battery life , it 's even more important how efficient the hardware is . 
  plug a laptop from the 90 's into a modern laptop battery and it would n't last too long . 
  even though you can tell a 4k display is sharper , in day-to-day use you wo n't be staring at your phone from 10 cm away in front of your nose , thus rendering the difference moot . 
  this article is n't comparing two phones on specs , it 's talking about the difficulty of android manufacturers to match the iphone in terms of actual product experience and compete with it on equal footing . 
  seems to me like you just read the article as you wanted it , rather than trying to figure out what the author is trying to say : it 's tough to match the iphone , which requires outdoing it technically , selling for cheaper , and still is n't usually enough ( or can blow up in your face by overreaching ) . 
  yes !, 
  been waiting for this , great that it can be adjusted to only be enabled when using headphones . 
  no more guessing who 's calling when cycling !,
