  lucky bastard , you found yourself a keeper !, 
  i suppose this is what you would call an `` open secert '', 
  upvoting is not simply to voice agreement , goddamnit !, 
  such errors in transcription can be fatal . 
   this place is made by foreigners . 
  as opposed to the other places in the us ? 
  i think the implied logic is that it makes the detergent spread into the liquid and thus cover more area faster and more thoroughly than without the initial rinse . 
  [ istat pro ] ( http://www.islayer.com ) or any other istat tool is * the * one stop-shop to find out all vital stats of your systems state . 
  the only custom widget i use . 
  if you can see them ( cutting off at a turn ) hand open , palm facing him , kind of like the indian chief greeting if i may be so stereotypical . 
  add a small downward gesture with your head to indicate humility and that should be your sorry . 
  if you ca n't see him ( i.e. 
  cut him off to get in front ) just raise your hand like a lazy salute . 
  it 's enough . 
  most recently ? 
  inglorious basterds had my heart pumping from all the tension tarantino was able to muster out of his settings . 
  amazing cinematography . 
  synchronicity or inevitability ? 
  * shrugs *, 
  yeah there was considerable hype back in the day when he was trying to make himself a name in russia ... dunno what happened to him ( maybe went back into the water ? 
  whoa , the [ 1:50 to 1:56 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5nenwp13g4&amp;1m50s ) crash looks so eloquent , like ballet . 
  perception is reality , ultimately you ca n't divide your meaning from what you experience . 
  we are by nature pattern-seeking and pattern-finding because reality itself is constructed of patterns . 
  i personally see life as a self-propelling feedback loop where everything is ultimately undivided but requires a level of disconnect in order to experience anything . 
  that said , our biggest curse is not what we know , but what we know that is n't so as mark twain so eloquently put it . 
  we are so blind to ourselves and our environment that it 's easy to live in a state of absolute hubris where we convince ourselves of how things are and what everything ultimately means , which is sad but a natural progression of our current state of affairs . 
  well when you 're dissecting the core of something of course you 're simplifying . 
  but i get your idea , you 're saying he 's intentionally leaving out stuff to fit his model ... thank god this is n't science :d, 
  this is an unfortunate case of me not defining what i mean by my words . 
  by perception i mean the individual experience , which ultimately occurs within your mind . 
  we have languages that sculpt our sensations and condition us into different camps of thought . 
  a baby could be said to be closest to experiencing things as they are as ( s ) he does n't have attachments that bias the experience , while of course this simultaneously prevents the baby from sensing with articulation . 
  this of course is not true for a plethora of reasons . 
  what we perceive is the end result of a network of neurons firing electricity as a network . 
  it is inseparable from what really is there , which i imagine to be an all-encompassing field of energy that fluctuates in density and properties . 
  as a species our experience is pretty much on the same level , but we by no means see close to ` everything ' that exists . 
  for example , we ca n't perceive the radio - / ultra - / micro - / wave bands and most urbanites could n't survive in harsh conditions outdoors because he simply lacked the ability to make out the signs of his surroundings if he had never been exposed to such conditions . 
   the universe was a cold and dark place until some amino acids decided to get together . 
  reality is inseparable from the meanings you attach to it . 
  it 's your gift and your curse because if you become attached to myths and beliefs that you do n't grow out of by confronting the limitations they impose you lose control over yourself by falling out of sync . 
  imagine how a man who has lost his entire family after being laid off from his job of 40 years and defaulted on his mortgage perceives another family happily dining at a restaurant opposed to a newly married couple . 
  i 'm honestly interested in hearing what you think i just tried to say ( and anyone else reading ) and to hear your thoughts and definitions . 
  upvoted . 
  [ what did link do hi-res ?!!, 
  man i remember in high school one chick blew three guys for 2 grams of * really * shit soap bar hash at a student apartment we threw legendary parties at . 
  * ah * , good times . 
  [ video co-pilot ] ( http://www.videocopilot.net ) . 
  now you just got ta flesh out some cash for cs4 . 
  * cough *, 
  after effects is like the photoshop of video . 
  it 's powerful and integrates with cinema 4d as well as the rest of the cs4 suite . 
  there are lots of great plug-ins by companies such as trapcode that expand the capabilites of ae . 
  what , it 's not like it had a thumbnail ... 
  i saw that on a gravestone once . 
  nice try , dhs !, 
  o rly ? 
  captain obvious approves of this message . 
   upon noticing christi 's clearly visible copy of high times in her car :, 
   `` i see you have the latest issue of probable cause . '', 
  great one :d, 
   1 ) find an obscure movie to steal good bits from . 
   2 ) impress girls with shamelessly stolen lines ( chances are they wo n't notice the plagiarism ) . 
   3 ) if they do recognize it , pass it off as a sly reference ( bonus : they probably like the same stuff as you ) . 
  lol !, 
  reddit gave you that one , did n't it ? 
  well , at least they 're good at preventing terrorist attacks and respecting constitutional rights of citizens . 
  kinda shows what kind of a system we 're living in now ... the theater and behind the curtain type thing where drugs are disapproved but at the same time those who make the big money off of them dine with the rest of them . 
  sickening to just think of the millions behind bars because of this exploitation . 
  perhaps in america , but in europe superstar was a major success . 
  looks awesome . 
  already out in france ( wink wink ) . 
  the question is not why , nor why not . 
  it 's why you have n't published the first ` cast yet . 
  and please include an mp3 version along with the flac , saves me the hassle of converting and the bandwidth of everyone . 
  wtf am i looking at ? 
  you 're telling me that 's caused by bad shower habits ? 
  if you look at his track record , campaign and time in office i am convinced you will yield your opinion of him . 
  he is nothing but a player allowing himself to be used by the rich and powerful to do their bidding . 
  it 's sick and has nothing to do with trying to do the right thing . 
  you are the company you keep , eh ? 
   because who wants us to think badly of him, 
  it has nothing to do with opinion . 
  facts speak for themselves . 
  compare his campaign promises with what he has done , that 's the easiest and fastest fix of obama 's lies i can think of . 
  he 's done a total 180 . 
  what is it , besides his words , that makes you think he 's out for anyone besides those who supply his paycheck and `` throne '' ? 
  btw , i 'm not american , i live in europe . 
  to me it 's blatantly obvious , especially considering that the man is a constitutional scholar , that he fully knows what he 's doing and he 's not doing this for the lulz . 
  he 's merely an assisting peon in draining the us of all of its finances by overspending it to death . 
  just watch and see , the us is headed for an imminent collapse especially because of all of this totally fucked up spending on saving too big to fail institutions . 
  i find people 's support for this man to be totally ridiculous and out of touch with reality . 
  that was the japanese if i remember correctly during wwii . 
  congrats , i tried getting people to check this out three times but you managed it with a great title . 
  burton is a bloody genius . 
   the author is equal parts bigot and stupid . 
  those are some disproportionate parts !, 
  imma let you finish , but fuck kanye memes . 
  you broke my brain . 
  clenching the buttocks and quadrices gets blood flowing . 
  if you have armrests on both sides and do n't weigh a boatload you could do small dips , extending legs for added resistance .
