  but jogs definitely are n't * wrong * . 
   taken in redondo beach , california in 1955 , this decidely romantic photo shows chet baker and his second wife . 
  a fantastic black-and-white image of the honey-voiced crooner , this picture was was taken by photographer william claxton . 
  running legacy software to open old files ( such as logic projects ) is one . 
  wait , did i just feed the troll ? 
  smh indeed . 
  probably covered under the terms of service in the agreements that no one reads . 
  yo dog , i heard you liked to be alone , so i gave you an alone award so you can gaze at your alone status while you 're alone . 
  what 's with the aspect ratio and black bars ? 
  looks like a still from a clip . 
   but it was dualcore, 
  genuinely curious , why does this matter ? 
  what i really did not understand was why did jackson have fast-cutting , wide-sweeping pan shots in the first minutes of the movie when dealing with a brand new technology that takes time to adjust to ? 
  considering the material , slow movements that incrementally ramped up would have been much more pleasant than the migrane-inducing way the hobbit started . 
  i personally was not sold on hfr , but i can sense that it 's because of what i 'm used to . 
  when i did n't notice it , it was fine . 
  when i did , it was horrible . 
  i 'm sure it 's the way of the future , but i love me my 24 fps . 
  pm sent . 
  infected ingrown toenail ... brings back memories from my childhood . 
  had it like that for one or two years , then had one toe operated on per year . 
  painful to live with , glad it was fixed . 
  americans have mcdonalds in their hospitals ? 
  wow . 
  mcdonalds does not promote healthy lifestyle choices and their food is not suitable for people who are not healthy ( my opinion , but i would think health professionals would tend to agree ) . 
  combined with the obesity epidemic in the states , it would seem to make more sense to have a raw food cafe or something similar instead of `` do you want fries with that '', 
  sounds like it had a death wish . 
  going down 3.6 km on a mountain malnourished is not a very good idea . 
  experience , good professional character , portfolio and constantly applying got me a job at a great company as a ui/ux designer . 
  to balance the downvotes that t-connector supporters , i 've lived in three countries and travelled a lot with my mbp mid-2009 and have n't had any problems . 
  my charger for the iphone 4s has n't fared as well though . 
  idiot ^ idiot, 
  listen to / u/cocktails4 on this one . 
  hookah uses wet tobacco that is vaporized , whereas a normal pipe requires dry , burning material . 
  going on 3 years . 
  lived also in russia , usa , spain and tanzania and spoke all native languages to varying extents . 
  graphics designer turned freelancer turned entrepreneur turned ui/ux designer . 
  time is money , so it is a loss to stay if you do n't feel you gain anything . 
  which i do n't personally understand , even if it 's a bad movie you could analyze how it 's actually constructed , from the angles and lighting to the editing and acting . 
  ... unlike the setting in desktop & wallpaper ? 
  he injects his views and perspective but the history checks out , the narrative is compelling and i think this is an example of excellent lyricism , a concept realized . 
  [ holy shit i finally get to bust out this old gem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhfs9dlloq4 ) . 
  in finland that 's grounds for terminating the contract , i.e. 
  if the isp can no longer provide internet access , a 2-year contract can expire before its due time . 
  i think i have respect for uwe now . 
  be sure to keep everything tight !, 
  i tore my sternum while performing the skullcrusher with extended arms behind me with 25 kg on an ez bar when i was n't 100 % focused . 
  awesome gif , 
  what would that shocker at 1:30 be ? 
   the dates of manhattanhenge usually occur around may 28 and july 12 or july 13 -- spaced evenly around the summer solstice . 
   in 2011 , manhattanhenge occurred on may 31 at 8:17 p.m. , and on july 12 ( full sun ) and 13 ( half sun ) , both at 8:25 p.m. 
   in 2012 , it occurred on tuesday , may 29 at 8:17 p.m. and thursday , july 12 at 8:25 p.m. ( half sun ) , and on wednesday , may 30 at 8:16 p.m. and wednesday , july 11 at 8:24 p.m. ( full sun ) . 
  i 'm not sure its the best way to describe it , but it popped out of place . 
  i stupidly finished my sets and still feel it when i dip . 
  how can you call it raw strength if it only applies to machines and not real-world situations ? 
  doing leg extensions wo n't drive up your deadlifts as much as doing more deadlifts to get the weight up . 
  you 'd be surprised what you can get away with when you have initiative . 
  looks like the extrude effect and not much else . 
  and hugo, 
  laughed with my co-workers about this , reported in all major finnish publications . 
  a cleaner finds the keys to the train and takes it for a ride . 
  wtf indeed . 
   has n't had, 
   will introduce, 
  ftfy, 
  just read the story of the verve 's bittersweet symphony . 
  what type of contract did you sign with him ? 
  review it , research uk law concerning these issues ( call your union for advice ) and lawyer up . 
  pretty much everything is updated . 
  new game modes ( sliding down ropes , going down a mine in a trolly ) , etc. 
  try it before you whine it . 
  last week iirc . 
  you must be 13 . 
  the objective of the game is to run and complete objectives . 
  none of the objectives require you to purchase anything to complete them . 
  they spent a lot of resources to give a high quality game out for free . 
  if you lose and want to continue , you need to spend a gem . 
  some are scattered around when you run and you even get like 13 of them when you advance to/beyond level 6 . 
  i mean , either you play the game well or then you cop out and use some money to advance faster . 
  your argument imo is invalid . 
  some games have time-sensitive locks that require gems/coins to unlock to play more . 
  that 's unacceptable for me and i feel that 's poor game design . 
  here , there 's nothing preventing you from advancing forward except your own skill at the game . 
  setting a 45 \u00b0 angle gave me 10k points , while controlling it made me lose at like 3k . 
  i 'd suggest making the game area bigger , reducing the size of the avatar and making only direct hits on the skulls/whatever that other thing is count . 
  now going even near makes it disappear . 
  solid effort though , keep at it !, 
  machines . 
  or a chemistry major . 
  color photos are pretty frikkin impossible to develop by yourself . 
  edit : unless you did three separate photos for red , green and blue and combined them . 
  but even that is pretty magical and i have no idea how sergei mikhailovich prokudin-gorskii did it in the 19th century . 
  til, 
  no , it 's genetic testosterone sensitivity that causes baldness . 
  baldness does n't equate higher levels of testosterone , rather a higher sensitivity to it . 
  if you see things you do n't want in your dreams , just ask `` am i dreaming ? '', 
  my experience is that then your mind will prevent that part from coming up because then you 'll ask if you 're dreaming and you have a chance at actually becoming lucid in your dreams . 
  everything is so black , no reflections ? 
  could hardly see anything . 
  like / u/thefue pointed out , the url leads to a portfolio with a lot of boobs .
