  sanctions from the wto and un for selling a controlled substance would bring down the profits somewhat . 
  yes , but to add : there are poisonous mushrooms in the field that bruise as well . 
  so not use bruising as the sole indicator . 
  are you 11 ? 
  enjoy life , 
  goes to spark a bowl , forgets bacon ? 
  where is the bacon ? 
  kelp is arabic for dog :d, 
  we have a squatter !, 
  with a bit of photoshop you could 've made the paper stack not visibly loop ... 
  great references/sources/proof / citations/evidence/logic . 
  and at [ 4 ] , rapping has a whole new meaning for me . 
  citation for all animals getting heavier ? 
  i 'd figure this belongs more in / r/design than here . 
  good list though !, 
  good god that 's a beautiful picture . 
  please give me a high-res version . 
  i will modify it into a poster for all to enjoy . 
  2480x3508px if possible . 
  so do it later . 
  go now !, 
  a4 paper @ 300 dpi . 
  i thought humans only migrated to europe after leaving the middle east 's drought ... 
  europeans = homo sapiens in the area we call europe . 
  my assumption is based on what i gathered from the guns , germs and steel documentary based on the book of the same name . 
  guess i got some reading up to do . 
  any suggestions ? 
  you mean the one where they sprayed a six pack on him ? 
  not true , i swear at siri all the time . 
   christian science medicine, 
  * headexplodes *, 
  1 ) the beginning looking around felt dumb to me , in lack of a better word . 
  2 ) seeing the bottom of the box casually as he was walking ( toward the grocery store ) felt wrong , it 's like i should n't be able to see it unless it was something amazing ( like the last shot ) . 
  3 ) he stands before sinking in in the second last shot . 
  that felt wrong/incongruent . 
  all in all , entertaining and a great job !, 
  music was perfect . 
  ez-bar curl with inverse grip will kill those forearms . 
  farmers walks and deadlifts work well too . 
  after finding you through i need drugs ( found on a ftp in '01 or something , downloaded out of interest because my friends brothers nickname was necro ) you permiated our music for years . 
  a few years ago we went to see your show in helsinki , you had the crowd mad wild . 
  anyways , afterwards my friend asked you to sign his i need drugs lp and you did . 
  along with mr. hyde . 
  my friend is still pissed about that . 
  romantic languages , such as italian , spanish , portuguese , french and other not-so-known languages like catalan . 
  illustrates the wild of the song title , no ? 
  i do n't know what to think of anything right now . 
  that 's some heavy shit . 
  true unity , my friend . 
  and it is blissfully boring , if concepts were to exist in such a state . 
  alas , when everything is everything , nothing is . 
  your only chance of ever having anything with that person is to move on to other waters . 
  the more you faun over her , the more she will be repelled by your neediness . 
  if you go for other women and in general have your shit together without her , she might develop an attraction because she sees you have your shit together and do n't * need * her . 
  what did i just see ? 
  this is the penultimate video of all time [ !, 
  ] ( http://www.joeydevilla.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/mind-blown.gif ), 
  use the white you use for the content container . 
  at minimum on the hello header , it would work for everything you dont have enough contrast for . 
  try it out . 
  if it 's too kuch for you , i 'd suggest using the darker teal you have on the top bar for the sidebar texts . 
  i would aay the header is great now , but perhaps the white is too much for the sidebar , perhaps try the dark teal or black ? 
  i 'd be hesitant to add any more colors to the palette , i think what you have works . 
  if nothing else , fade the white color half way to the background teal to blend it in better . 
  i 'd illustrate and give hex values but i 'm away from comp . 
  great job !, 
  looks very balanced . 
  who said we 're running out of oil ? 
  it 's the eroei on oil and similar economic factors that 's driving markets elsewhere . 
  edit : required oil for solar production is minimal and one time . 
  you could cover the bottom of the photo for most of the exposure , letting in light only for a split second for the road , but several for the sky . 
  but a person like that would n't have such a distasteful title for a photo submission . 
  my it department told me . 
  [ here is ] ( https://twitter.com/mikko/status/210341669944573955 ) mikko from f-secure showing some sample passwords . 
  right there in the video description ... 
  imagine the 90 % of peeps who are lazy and have the same pw for their other services . 
  a breach in such a popular service is imo an important issue to be aware of . 
  you might disagree , but keep in mind we 're ina public forum . 
  humans are incompetent , i ca n't figure out any other explanation :p, 
  happy cake day !, 
  wtf is this rise in `` 1990 was * ridiculousamountofyears * ago '' meme ? 
  not to mention velocity , area and angle of impact , etc. 
  count your calories , consume less than you use . 
  meal frequency has no importance . 
  moving more or exercising will help . 
  unfortunately you dont . 
  metabolism has nothing to do with it , just like meal frequency has nealy no effect on metabolism . 
  plus , many obese people have faster metabolisms than average people . 
  its all in the calories . 
  calorie deficit is not unhealthy even if you 're doing cardio as long as you 're getting essential vitamins and minerals . 
  op would have a hard time losing weight while consuming 1600-2000 calories . 
  sources for the joshua guy with followers ? 
  he ruined it for everybody !, 
  if you cant resize it smaller without totally losing the idea , it 's a bad logo . 
  look into line drawing , study similar logos ( search vinyl logo etc ) and redo everything . 
  revolutionary symbol ... didnt know canada was communist china . 
  with no new graphics cards . 
  the only moving parts in the new mbp are the cooling system . 
  sounds like she could n't say no . 
  just get the displayport -  hdmi adapter .
