  couchsurfing is much more than having a place to sleep over . 
  cs organizes events in every major city and they 're great places to have a fun time , hang out and meet new friends . 
  ianal but from a legal perspective the tsa seems pretty fucked . 
   these are your regulations, 
   you 're clearly reading them right there , are n't you, 
  as far as not getting enough credit , [ the funk brothers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_funk_brothers ) are in a league of their own . 
  i 'm hoping the crowd here is a tad more rational , as anyone who checks my username sees i 've been here for some time . 
  i 'm just trying to get advice from people who have done something similar . 
  here 's hoping :p, 
  edit : i 'm not asking for monetary assistance , i 'm asking for help figuring out the logistics . 
  my bad :p i 'm not super proficient with networking tech , i 'm going to talk to some friends soon who will hopefully tell me all that i need to know besides negotiating deals with the telecoms there . 
  it 's much cheaper to buy the computers abroad and ship them to tanzania than to try and purchase them there . 
  imagine the effect internet access has on people , we 're talking about getting ten or so computers to a developing country . 
  what can i do to make this happen ? 
  yeah , but most computers are pickup only on ebay . 
  anyone have storage space for a week and a possibility to go grab them ? 
  from what i gather they finished expanding the `` deep network '' and installing more cable around the whole east coast of africa . 
  i hear they have 3g data connections , but i 'm hoping it 'll be possible to get one fast connection and divide it among the computers . 
  check the link in my description and you 'll see that nearly all ~ # 50 computers are pick up only . 
  to get an idea , [ check this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3foxt4mrom&amp;feature=related ) to see how the cell generates protein using dna . 
  also reading wikipedia articles might enlighten you on the matter . 
  that is one ugly motherfucker . 
  this is really more for / r/askscience imo . 
  results speak louder than personal motivations . 
  why does a mouse when it spins ? 
  commenting so i can get back to this later and speak on this . 
  do you honestly believe in a bipartisan government ? 
  drunk secks at friends party with classmate . 
  everybody knew , blushing ensued . 
  many lessons learned . 
  danger mouse - benzi box, 
  that should n't be as funny as it is :d, 
  the great documentarian christopher nolan should have been more clear on that issue !, 
  q-tip - move, 
  damn am i happy you found my thread :d i 'll save your username in case i get questions , right now we 're putting the idea on a slight hold , meaning we 'll first go to tz and get our other operations started before we get rev up our internet cafe business . 
  thanks a million , i really appreciate it !, 
   they are common sense, 
  common sense has nothing to do with scientific research . 
  `` you heard it here first , assange 's confession live on bbc '', 
  she was putting words in ** his ** mouth like chocolate-coated strawberries in harems . 
  assange puts these report ... repeaters to shame . 
  edit : gender confusion . 
  you think the statement `` fire is hot '' is scientific ? 
  for more help , check the formatting help link that 's at every bottom-right corner when you 're commenting . 
  not there on the inbox though , only within submission commments . 
  nice try , fbi . 
  23 year old male whose from russia originally but spent most of his life in finland , spent this year in barcelona and in january is heading to tanzania . 
  my only goal in life is to create a website where i can share my knowledge on multimedia production as well as my thoughts . 
  see [ hate chrime ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_crime ) . 
  there are limits to free speech when you 're inciting people to go and harm others . 
  damn . 
  do n't be so stuck on having to have her and things will work out much easier . 
  i think you 're putting a lot of value on her , fuck it , there 's plenty more where she came from . 
  if she does n't see the awesomeness in you , why should you try to make sure you do everything to a t ? 
  ever try walking consciously ? 
  relax and enjoy yourself a bit more and whenever you feel nervous about something ( should i hug her ? 
  should i kiss her ? ), 
  then that 's your sign to go for it . 
  fuck the outcome . 
  mirror ? 
  advice , now with no fat !, 
  sorry to be blunt , but if you think your comment is science then you 're pretty simple . 
  comment to save for later . 
  the term takes too much bandwidth . 
  internet , thanks , moving on . 
  you have police rna , 
  best case for drug legalization i 've come across . 
  more like an ontological knowledge database that connects everything you and the internet can muster together , linking it all up o_o, 
  [ for the lazy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/fy6yz/51_hours_left_to_live/ ), 
  combo update = all updates to go from 10.6 to 10.6.6 . 
  file is 1 gig . 
  only http download link available . 
  no legit torrents . 
  what gives ? 
  i think this article would get a d at most in school . 
  also , although all knowledge is symbolic , the way we define information within the structure of reality ( dna , atoms ) would seem to exist even without human knowledge of them , unless science has become solipsist during some time period i missed ? 
  i think this article would get a d at most in school . 
  also , although all knowledge is symbolic , the way we define information within the structure of reality ( dna , atoms ) would seem to exist even without human knowledge of them , unless science has become solipsist during some time period i missed ? 
  cool , but it 's not downloading ... 0/1 seeds , 0 kb/s :p, 
  i downloaded a copy of utorrent onto my friends computer ( works in an office ) , opened up your torrent file , left as is . 
  is there something else i need to do ? 
  i kind of figured torrent clients by 2011 are pretty set up by themselves ... 
  ok , will try now . 
  thanks !, 
  sent link to my friend at work whose computer is downloading it , i hope it 'll start by tomorrow !, 
  things do n't work quite as fast in the developing world unfortunately :p, 
  not trying to use it for storage , the modem has a driver partition from where i can install the driver , now i do n't have access to it . 
  my manual says i should be able to download drivers from http://www.ztemt.com/ennewzte/default.action but i ca n't find my driver from there . 
  great how it is on that side of the atlantic . 
  i bought my late-2009 macbook pro from ebay from the uk to finland toward the end of 2009 . 
  i bought applecare at the same time . 
  it came with a 250gb hdd , so i switched it to wd 500gb . 
  when the computer first arrived and i tried transferring files from my imac ( which i had to sell to finance the mbp ) with tm the whole computer just froze . 
  i took it to repairs to an authorized apple reseller and repair center at tector oy . 
  the computer came back with a new logic board but working very poorly , but i had plans and had to take off to spain to start a freelance business , so i used a continuously-stalling computer for 10 months for my business , the problem seemed to be with the i/o and/or hdd , as big file transfers or video files especially would cause the system to lock up for up to a minute every 1-6 minutes . 
  usually the bars and balls would continue to animate and i could even switch from window to window ( without the passive window coloring changing ) but nothing would go forward until the connection to the hard drive would work . 
  i called apple support several times , the eu hq being in ireland , and tried arranging a replacement computer as i felt there was something quite wrong if the fine technicians at tector in finland could n't fix it . 
  they said they ca n't since it 's only been in repairs once . 
  they did n't tell me anything about the first official apple store opened in barcelona earlier that year , where i might have found time to forfeit my computer for a few days , only arranging shipping to ireland which would take weeks . 
  after nearly a year i returned to celebrate christmas in finland and took my computer back to tector .
