  once they become thinner and lighter i 'd say we 're there . 
  otherwise modbook pro ' would qualify for the same . 
  [ actually , it does ] ( http://www.modbook.com/modbookpro-features/ ) . 
  [ mike myers would never consent to product placement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lglygbbdns ) . 
  the surface nearly weighs a kilo , that 's ridiculous for something that wants to be considered a tablet , not to mention its limited app store and overall not-ideal metro ux . 
  the ipad 3 and 4 were criticised for their weight and they were only 660g . 
  current ipad air 2 is 460g , half of the sp3 . 
  imo surface pro 3 is a great laptop replacement , but its not a tablet experience . 
  the wacom digitisers definitely make it a great contender to use as a drawing tool , but that 's if you put your eggs in one basket and use the surface for other things as well . 
  for $ 999 you can already get a new cintiq 13hd . 
  watching mouth of madness with a friend in the dark with a hammer just in case . 
  prince of darkness , the thing and puppet master were pretty scarring as well . 
  what 's up dog ? 
  well that fits with the other fact of itunes connect being closed for the holiday . 
  the flower, 
  downloading iwork 09 trial gives you access to app store iwork for free . 
  parental access controls ? 
  add repeating reminders ? 
  so majestic !, 
  yes . 
  if you ca n't handle the basics , what expectation is there to browse to ibooks -  ibookstore -  find and download the user manual ? 
  an easy fix for this would be to ask if one would want to download that as soon as the idevice is set up . 
  [ a bit tipsy but here you go !, 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/rax730vftw52pwa/tongue%20twister.m4a?dl=0 ), 
  no , no it does not . 
  in other words , i speak swahili ( not natively ) and i ca n't find kanye as a valid swahili word in any dictionary i have or can find online . 
  so give me a source ( other than yahoo answers and other forums ) or consider that your word is perhaps an invention and not a real word in a foreign language . 
   \u00c1ram\u00f3taskaupi\u00f0 ( english : the new year 's comedy , or new year 's eve 's ridicule ) , is an annual icelandic television comedy special that is broadcast on the public television network sj\u00f3nvarpi\u00f0 . 
  it has been shown annually since sj\u00f3nvarpi\u00f0 started broadcasting in 1966 . 
  the show is an important part of icelandic new year 's celebration for most icelandic families . 
  it focuses on the recent year from a satirical standpoint and shows little mercy toward its victims , especially politicians , artists , prominent businesspeople , and activists . 
  the show 's ratings on sj\u00f3nvarpi\u00f0 , the national broadcaster , are among the highest in the world . 
  yes , i can manually toggle it on and off . 
  i 'm wondering if there 's an automated way of doing this . 
  people who are fit posting pictures of jabba the hutt ? 
  from the sidebar :, 
   need captions for a video ? 
  try / r/captionplease !, 
  til , always thought it was the other way around . 
  house m.d. 
  house 's head / wilson 's heart, 
  good try / u/awildsketchappeared . 
  claus got ingenuity, 
  imac late 2012 , ipad mini 2 , iphone 6 , everything running smooth for me . 
  neither will piranhas unless you have an open wound . 
  will share sheets work normally again ? 
  allows him to feel what the guy is doing with his right arm while being able to focus his eyes on the assailants face . 
  other additional fixed location devices from apple :, 
  - airport express , airport extreme , time capsule, 
  would be cool if any of those could be used as a relay point to control homekit devices . 
  evernote, 
  backblaze, 
  beamer ( w / apple tv ), 
  grandperspective, 
  transmission, 
  vlc, 
  the unarchiver, 
  same with my uncle . 
  nowadays spews all kinds of vitriol . 
  hope i manage to keep an open mind when i grow old and settle down . 
  yes , but sherlock was based on a doctor conan arthur doyle knew . 
  cell phones became affordable much faster than computers , as have many medicines and medical advances compared to previous technologies . 
  these will become affordable in the near future . 
  no i only believe the numbers i like and agree with . 
  thats science , right ? 
  sriracha , salt and coconut oil . 
  non-touch os x when docked to keyboard , ios when removed ? 
  does n't seem to likely with apple 's stance on the clear separation between the two , but perhaps ... 
  but butane : . . nevermind . 
  fuck facts , amirite ? 
  low contrast , no subject focus ... my eyes are not fazed . 
  if you pushed closer and made them life-size , allowing me to see the individual sprout heads with good lighting , you * might just * interest my eye . 
  definitely recommend hyperlapse , not only will it stabilize footage based on gyroscope ( movement ) data , it will allow you to choose what speed you want to save the timelapse in , allowing you to speed it up further if you decide to later . 
  with built-in timelapse you get jittery movement and no choices . 
  i 've worried about it , but i have n't lost any footage . 
  when i was still using my 16gb 5s i ran out of space , but it kept it in temp storage while i went and deleted some music and apps to make room , got the footage in the end . 
  never been happy with built-in timelapse because of the auto timestretch and no stabilization . 
  hyperlapse has always delivered for me . 
  and it 's free !, 
  some poor people abuse the system ? 
  so what ? 
  they 're not the majority , whereas corporations get trillions in bailouts and wars spend equal , what about investing in the people who actually make up the societies we live in ? 
  a worthy investment by any long-term calculation . 
  when has apple ever removed a feature to create a more seamless offering between os x and ios ? 
  you bastards !, 
  eye level is a bit too low imo , otherwise it 's all good . 
  i think its due to the fact that in the photo shes looking downward but her eyes are below the middle divide , creating an odd feeling for the viewer . 
   sampler is a button representing a set sound . 
  so is any key on any tuned instrument . 
  and it does n't have keys either . 
  heroes of might and magic 3 , what more could you need ? 
   you do realize that the customer is always right . 
  you probably never worked creative . 
  customer pays professionals to do what they can not themselves do . 
  fcc regulations . 
  fourdit !, 
  a jar of sriracha ? 
  mandated by law . 
  thanks obama . 
  [ bds stands for boycott , divestment and sanctions ] ( http://www.jewishpress.com/indepth/analysis/israels-bds-bounce-develop-and-surge/2015/02/15/ ) for those who were wondering .
