  it 's more due to crazy expectations than performance . 
  apple is fine by any metric . 
  this was ridiculous for me living in finland . 
  i was on the road to go to a funeral and wanted to watch tds . 
  streaming is a no go . 
  they direct me to buy the episode from itunes , which i would have , except they do n't sell in the finnish store !, 
  so , desktop = free . 
  mobile = ca n't even pay for it . 
  i imagine this is the good advice :, 
   getting international media involved probably * is * one good way to go . 
  contact the [ christian science monitor ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/americas ) , try to talk to somebody at the americas desk . 
  also look for reporters anywhere who have covered events in haiti -- they 're at least traveling to hispaniola . 
   the other thing you can do is organize your friends and try to get the word out yourselves . 
  think about all the media attention that people were able to generate during the arab spring ( and right now in syria ) with social media and youtube videos . 
   some specific suggestions :, 
   * start a blog . 
  you and your friends write about what 's going on in your country , both in general , and in terms of how it affects you personally . 
  write spanish - and english-language posts . 
  on the blog , give the kind of information that a reporter would need for a journalism piece -- make it easy for people to write news stories about you . 
   * generate some visuals -- preferably photos and videos . 
  put them online , again with background info that makes it easy for journalists to talk about them . 
   * organize other people who share your concerns . 
  share information and work to get that information online in ways that the rest of the world can see and use . 
   in the u.s. , the media has been obsessed with the presidential election all year , but that 's over now . 
  next week , the election coverage will be over and media outlets will start looking for new stories , new narratives to follow . 
  write up your story and get it online in the next few days so you 're in position to grab some attention . 
   edit : another media suggestion -- [ nicolas kristof of the new york times ] ( http://topics.nytimes.com/top/opinion/editorialsandoped/oped/columnists/nicholasdkristof/index.html ) is a prominent columnist who routinely covers conflict/human rights stories in developing nations . 
  he would be a good person to contact , but it 's going to be hard to get his attention , so make sure you have some material to show him first . 
  yes , put this pos plastic on your gorilla glass screen , it 'll make it so much more resistant to looking good !, 
  dreamhost here , great service , minimal downtime . 
  please use spoiler tags for anything that happens after the episode being discussed , thanks !, 
  best advice in this thread . 
  imo she 's afraid she 'll soil herself . 
  poor girl :d, 
  text is tiny , otherwise it looks good . 
  if the objective is to get people to play the games , do n't hide the navigation under a tree !, 
  make them big and prominent , so people choose the type of game they want to play as fast and as easily as possible . 
  great song , jay rock kills it . 
  puzzle crack !, 
  stay away :d, 
  congrats , keep up the great work !, 
  back then shipping a bomb that would trigger when opening the lid is pretty darn unlikely . 
  unless you had an owen . 
  but i have caught up , i watch the newest episodes discussion thread right after it airs , but some people watch next weeks teaser and post wild speculations based on what they see . 
  [ ] ( / / #spoiler `` for example , last week i accidentally read from a user posting in the discussion thread that it looked like kessler walked in on owen and margaret , so when watching this weeks episode i was constantly waiting for them to cut out to kessler , ruining my enjoyment by that much even though i tried to just focus on what was happening ( which of course was a different series of events entirely ) . '' ), 
  speculation is fine , but when it 's in a discussion thread that asks people to put spoiler tags on anything that 's after that weeks episode , it should be done in spoiler tags . 
  look , i 'm not trying to move mountains here or start a campaign . 
  i just wanted to remind people to use spoiler tags when in discussion threads that deal with an unaired episode . 
  no worries , life goes on and i realize i might see a few hints here and there that i would n't want to see . 
  like piss . 
  an `` entrepreneur-minded '' person who wo n't to sit through something to get something good ? 
  best of luck mate . 
  hard to imagine you would need to since it is n't the focus of your documentary , it 's the gamers story . 
  games are part of fair use i 'd say because of their immense popularity . 
  you 're not modifying or making money from trying to copy their game , you 're reporting on their use . 
  i 'd imagine it 's more like making a product review via how it affects the user . 
  but ianal . 
  buy it used . 
  invest in lenses when you are able . 
  yes , tumbling . 
  nearly all of them deal with * drawing * on canvas rather than using touch to manipulate objects already in canvas . 
  i googled and asked colleagues but no one could answer , so i came here . 
  does smell travel in zero gravity ? 
  shit i think i 'll start convincing straight women not to support gay marriage . 
  some crack that caused friction and tension ? 
  no idea but i 'd go buy a lottery ticket !, 
  and knight rider !, 
  i got ta hand it to you , that was a good pun . 
  super rich kids :d, 
  i 'd recommend your friends spend time grading their footage , playing with exposures . 
  seems like the camera is on full-auto and they do n't post-process nearly at all . 
  but they sure got a nice rig and are working its maneuverability just the right way , 
  rode video mic is always a solid choice . 
  chraper ( but really impressive ) is the zoom h1 . 
  yes , that 's good advice . 
  i think she 'd remember that . 
  unless , you know , it was you . 
  could someone translate what kessler was muttering ? 
  [ here 's the poem ] ( http://www.everypoet.com/archive/poetry/rudyard_kipling/kipling_if.htm ) , props to / u/doyles _ law for posting it below . 
  finale preview spoilers ahoy !, 
  it 's not about the money , it 's about sending a message . 
  not really . 
  you can set it up so that you have a channel strip for each instrument you want to record into the loop , create a cycle and record . 
  each time you get the loop the way you want it , hit down ( to select next track ) and proceed to the next . 
  ... let us know when the challenges are actually posted . 
  yes !, 
  they 're back !, 
  google it , http://www.mac2sell.net/, 
  ca n't believe this was n't posted already :, 
  love the face portion , even the collar on the mother is handled ok , but the necklace is distracting and lighting could be better . 
  other than that , wicked !, 
  pov shots were meh , but the tracking shots were really nice . 
   no decision by the un can break the 4,000 year-old bond between the people of israel and the land of israel , '' prosor said . 
  quite a heap of bullshit . 
  if this was said by palestinians , it would actually be factual . 
  your dad was a damn pussy . 
  i imagine he was banging the mother and somehow let it slip he was getting you a buzz lightyear , she pestered him to get one for her child too ( what have you done for me lately ) , not wanting to spend so much cheese on both , he chose the family he saw a future with . 
  palestinians are semites . 
  it does n't * suck * by professional standards , and as a personal view i love the shot . 
  captures the feeling of being a kid in a diner imo .
