  - a huge thank you to everyone, 
  hello ,, 
  houssam can answer the first question when he wakes up , but i 'll address the donation questions . 
  as of now , [ we have raised $ 12,623.37 cad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6lwiu9l.png ) in donations , which is amazing , and something we are eternally grateful for . 
  when i was setting up the gofundme.com page ( which did n't end up attracting anyone to it so i removed it ) at the beginning of this challenge , it asked for a donation goal . 
  houssam estimated $ 12,000 as an amount that might be sufficient . 
  it was beyond my imagination at that point that we 'd reach such a sum , but here we are . 
  i 'm not sure how many operations grace will need , but each costs at least $ 1,000 as far as i recall . 
  on top of the operations , houssam tells me that the doctors fee is only billed once the patient is ready to be discharged , with doctor fees being also around $ 1,000 minimum . 
  hopefully houssam will be able to give a better breakdown of what 's ahead in regards to costs . 
  we have discussed that any money left after grace is in health will be donated to [ doctors without borders ] ( https://www.doctorswithoutborders.org/ ) , the only organization houssam has seen active in the disaster areas . 
  for me , i love to have lunch with colleagues on friday 's at morrison 's when they offer pepper steak . 
  i eat mine with potato wedgies and hot sauce . 
  the idea certainly is interesting . 
  i did some quick googling and made a wallet ( 1apnmpfjpbvjjoetkgpvza5vhgixj1jmao ) . 
  is the canadian law ok on this , i saw [ this article ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/11/federal-election-commission-deadlocks-in-proposal-to-allow-bitcoin-donations ) about the fec . 
  i wonder how the canadian government sides on this issue ? 
  i 'll let houssam answer his take on this , i 'm sure this journey for him will leave more people affected then just his and grace 's immediate circles . 
  for me , i actually tried my hand in creating an ngo in tanzania back in 2011 ( where me and houssam were also trying to establish a company , [ here 's a photo from those times ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jd4oibo.jpg ) ) . 
  that was a crazy experience and another story in its own right . 
  i had slowly begun by interviewing [ 20 street kids in mwanza ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j4mkjff.jpg ) ( and took them to eat afterward ) , as well as documenting a school next to where i lived in kiseke where over 1,000 students attended with roughly 20 teachers ( [ with only few rooms that had floors and even fewer with enough space ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9u6dj67.jpg ) ) where they had only recently installed running water ( no electricity ) . 
  the plan was to get the street kids shelter and organize them to get an education and life coaching , as well as raising money and constructing facilities for the school . 
  unfortunately because of the company ventures failing due to straight backstabbing and sabotage by our mutual business partner , we had to eventually pack up and leave . 
  it was a very heavy experience that in some ways i 'm still processing ( as i have yet to write that up into a story to properly share ) . 
  coming back to finland with only a backpack and suitcase took me a long time to build myself a home with work and re-inventing myself . 
  i do intend to help people and my long-term dream is to create videos on issues for online audiences . 
  when this tragedy happened , i had to do what i could to help . 
  thankfully the internet picked up the story and helped grace get the help she needs . 
  the thought of my friend alone in a foreign land trying to help a woman he loves became top priority . 
  now that things are much better , i 'm hoping i 'll be able to schedule my days a bit more regularly and try to find the time to get myself to the point where i can give more of myself to those in need . 
  thanks , your support is important to us !, 
  sounds like it is a sample with drums added . 
   show you how to cook up summer in the winter, 
  feels like all the highlights got washed out , perhaps a shorter exposure time would have added more detail ? 
  many like this type of effect , so i think this is more of a personal taste type of thing . 
  headphones and music player in the sauna ? 
   why is the synthetic food additive e300 bad , while the vitamin c in your freshly squeezed glass of orange juice is good ? 
  ( even though they are both the same thing . ), 
  i have a hard time believing that the isolated compound , ascorbic acid , is exactly the same thing as vitamin c. is n't there a bit of subtle difference between what is found in citric fruits and other grown produce and the chemically isolated compound ? 
  because vitamins usually act with other compounds , e.g. 
  vitamin b complexes do not get absorbed without the presence of iron . 
  put it this way - would pure ascorbic acid be efficient at treating scurvy and be no different in efficiency to citric fruits ? 
  as i asked in my other reply , i 'm genuinely curious if pure ascorbic acid is effective at treating scurvy compared to citric fruits or potatoes . 
   he says things that are false as though they are undeniably true . 
  / r/fullmoviesonyoutube is more appropriate for this type of post . 
  the video below this was titled `` diabetes '', 
  i had to double-check which one i was watching . 
  when has apple given the impression that they are killing off a product before releasing an updated version ? 
  i 'll upvote an orgy any day !, 
  the 64-bit a7 chip is a significant upgrade . 
  from what i 've read from devs , objective-c is able to take advantage of 64-bit processing out the gate . 
  as others have pointed out , it feels clunky . 
  it does n't feel that one thing leads into the next , it 's more go-stop-go . 
  do n't feel shame !, 
  it 's a very straightforward language , i picked up enough to be able to speak in about 3 months while living in tanzania and i 'm no language buff . 
  my greatest help , aside from asking and writing useful sentences into a pocket pad , was a book called [ `` simplified swahili '' by peter m. wilson ] ( http://www.amazon.com/simplified-swahili-longman-language-text/dp/0582623588 ) , written in the 70 's with the help of linguistic professors . 
  pick it up , do the exercises and you 'll be up and running in no time . 
  while you can do that , the lag is immense . 
  [ i actually recently asked engineers in their subreddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askengineers/comments/1qk064/how_much_wireless_power_would_you_need_to_make_a/ ) on how far out is the technology . 
  the amount of bandwidth required for a low-latency connection of hd video streaming is a couple magnitudes greater than what wifi can currently output . 
  what can i say , you should have done your homework before going head-first into this . 
  you 'll need a monitor if you want to get everything out of your mac . 
  [ here is a list of software to use your ipad as a monitor via airplay ] ( http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/how-to-use-your-ipad-or-iphone-as-a-second-monitor-ios/ ) . 
  also , i 'd say that learning the formal rules will help learning any modern slang or speech patterns present today , as you can understand its structure much faster with a foundation in proper grammar . 
  that was a concept taken all the way . 
  i thought this was / r/morbidreality for a sec , that 's where this belongs . 
  curtis goes in . 
  the depth of this article is breathtaking . 
  do you do daily stretching ? 
  like being on your back , bringing your knee towards your chin to have your leg folded against your chest and tugging it slightly to the other side ? 
  helped me a lot . 
  this is the type of shot a nature photographer dreams of catching once in a life . 
  amazing and awe-inspiring . 
  * how you doin ' *, 
  this first verse is crazy, 
   give me that late 80s early 90s old school, 
   feeling like my second album , so cool, 
   chiraq summer looking so cruel, 
   look shorty in the eye , told me it was no rules, 
   went to speak but was like never mind, 
   let my mind just sneak back to a better time, 
   when i was his age and if he 's ever mine, 
   thinking he would only think back to this and never find, 
   better times to think back to when it comes, 
   and he 's older in the presence of somebody young, 
   telling him the same things that he told me, 
   and he reacts the same way as that og, 
   but it 's old school , it 's like '03, 
   and this old man is my old me, 
   takes a long time to happen so fast, 
   to realize that your future is somebody else 's past, 
  it 's a slippery slope without knowing a persons background on where does `` my condition prevents me from accomplishment and i need professional help '' become a relevant explanation . 
  you 're worthy of your username , 
  best writeup on the issue i 've come across , it hit home . 
  mixing for 9 years and no monitors ? 
  using ipod earbuds ? 
  palestinian pain humanized on israeli tv ? 
  i doubt this is propaganda . 
  nice , perhaps lighten the shadows for more details , but this is nice and dramatic as it is , makes me look close . 
  do studies , like redesign ebay and document your process , or create a concept for a service and create its design with an emphasis on great ux .
