  that was some serious skill !, 
  planet earth . 
  well done bbc . 
  that makes you think whether she 's the type that is always asking what they 're having for dinner even when they are n't eating together that day . 
  what exactly does ms cofee do ? 
  edit ( and it 's cofee not coffee apparently ) :, 
   microsoft has developed a small plug-in device that investigators can use to quickly extract forensic data from computers that may have been used in crimes . 
   the cofee , which stands for computer online forensic evidence extractor , is a usb `` thumb drive '' that was quietly distributed to a handful of law-enforcement agencies last june . 
  microsoft general counsel brad smith described its use to the 350 law-enforcement experts attending a company conference monday . 
   the device contains 150 commands that can dramatically cut the time it takes to gather digital evidence , which is becoming more important in real-world crime , as well as cybercrime . 
  it can decrypt passwords and analyze a computer 's internet activity , as well as data stored in the computer . 
  you ca n't have * any * kissing !, 
  what the hell is that ?!, 
  kissing is great , but i guess a lot of guys do n't take it much deeper than face value and rarely feel the underlying potential from two lips coming together . 
  that said , the same applies to a lot of women i 've met . 
  kissing expresses a lot about character from confidence to imagination and is fit for nearly any situation . 
  the problem is when kissing is used too much to where i ca n't even feel my lips . 
  sometimes it can feel like a girl uses kissing like a dog wags its tail when it 's happy , and it can get tiring . 
  you got ta know how to ease back and just enjoy everything else as it is as well without totally wrapping yourself in the others experience . 
  kissing takes a lifetime to master , at first there 's the basic forms of kissing/pecking the cheek , then the large and tumulous emotional experience of thinking about and kissing the opposite sex . 
  at some point kissing stops becoming magical and so attention-grabbing for a plethora of reasons ( from frustration to normality ) and after it loses its zing many come to see the robotised form of the action rather than really putting themselves into it . 
  there are as many ways to kiss as there are to make a face and it 's in a sense an expression of ones state of mind , character , feelings and thoughts towards the other blended with the moment each and every time . 
  it 's a shame to let such a moment go to waste , 
  i know no major incidents have ever happened as far as the couchsurfing community knows , but have you had any scary or serious moments yourself as a host or guest even if say some random dude you met went nuts at a place you were staying at ? 
  also , what 's the fondest memory you have of your couchsurfing ? 
  no , that 's a video of some pokemon song in midi in some fugly looking game . 
  synthesia rules , somehow it 's just not developed in its ui so that the whole thing feels like a cohesive package that 's immersive to use . 
  otherwise it 's got everything going for it , seriously !, 
  boy that is beautiful but would n't that be more appropriate at [ / r/web _ design ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design ) ? 
  i see how in my uncle 's family their older sibling ( age 6 ) has had to adapt to getting way less attention after twins were born this year . 
  i think he 's taking it pretty well but it 's been tough for him . 
  i wonder how it 'll play out because of course my uncle and aunt are very occupied by the twins constantly and due to them being younger they will always need more catering than my little cousin . 
  does this make the twins more favored ? 
  in a way , but it 's of necessity . 
  of course as the age gap becomes less relevant preferences and bond variations will appear by default imo . 
  probably yes , from what i gather these type of tools have been around for many years but m$ decided to provide their own authorized version for inexperienced cops to have their csi moment . 
  internets go wild . 
  yeah but that 's like what they want you to think , man !, 
  any permanent casualities ? 
  a quick glance at the title made me believe someone had written about how to set up a solar system ... 
  hmm , so she 's an old snl hostess who made a story of her religious and spiritual journey . 
  honestly , we need as many people coming at this whole religion issue from every angle . 
  i just do n't know what 's a bigger shame : that at least the trailer gives the feeling of deepak chopra being a representative of buddhist philosophy or that deepak chopra has so much influence . 
  it must be done !, 
  but you could call it seks or some other derivative so you could actually correct people for having dirty thoughts :p, 
  must see ? 
  here 's a few you do n't wan na miss :, 
  el topo & holy mountain, 
  synecdoche , new york, 
  children of men, 
  requiem for a dream, 
  the boat that rocked, 
  the bank job, 
  impulse to comment in less than a second . 
  when alcohol is involved , * everyone * is an unsupervised child . 
  i wonder ... there must be ... 
  anyone here wish they could be who they were in school/college ? 
  yuh , that album is pure magic . 
  i wonder if we 'll ever be graced by her voice again ... 
  lol , my condolences !, 
  makes sense ... dunno about the moisture issues , but i can see how that conclusion sounds valid . 
  maybe i picked it up from another house , because this house is so dry that plastics start breaking after some time !, 
  yeah , and next you 'll be asking death to do cartwheels and take you to disneyland before doing the only thing it really can do . 
  you better thank the fsm there 's no union for him !, 
  that 's some creative problem-solving right there . 
  it 's sad to see america get totally screwed because of corporate interests . 
  the epa and fda definately are n't doing their jobs . 
  if something is n't done , cancer rates , mutations/birth defects , etc. 
  will keep soaring and quality of life will keep degenerating . 
  this reminds me of the [ ap report ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2008-03-10-drugs-tap-water_n.htm ) from earlier this year that concluded that every city they tested had fucked up water running through the faucets , and that means it 's everywhere . 
  stop watching that shit . 
  it 's not science , it 's not entertainment . 
  lean in close enough and you can hear the slight suction as they vacuum money out of their advertisers . 
  that 's all it is . 
  [ billings ] ( http://www.billingsapp.com/ ) is great : many templates for invoicing and other client management , a healthy amount of options and of course a really sweet time tracker . 
  have a try !, 
  if all the debts in this world were paid , there would be no money left in circulation but there 'd still be a boatload of debt to pay . 
  is that sustainable ? 
  ever heard of interest ? 
  all the money in circulation is debt money . 
  check out fractional reserve banking or debt-based economy on wikipedia or elsewhere . 
  i 'm sorry , are there studies that demonstrate memories as a localized phenomenon ? 
  because i remember ( and i will post here if asked , it just requires some digging ) reading studies that were unable to eradicate specific memories from mice figuring out a maze even though they targeted specifically the exact newly formed brain cells . 
  mtv forums are that way ------ , 
  i ca n't stand it how some dvd players ( and tv stations when they 're behind schedule ) * ever so slightly * put the video on fast-forward ( like 1.05 x or something ) but i can tell because things happen just a tad too fast and the physics of what you expect get a little distorted . 
  drives me up the walls ( especially when others say they do n't notice it ) . 
  ** i guess the worst would be to have out of sync audio with 4:3 stretched to 16:9 with the footage rolling at 1.05 x speed . 
  well brain activity to form memories is of course undisputed . 
  but * localization * of memory is what i 'm looking for . 
  it seems to me that memories are non-spatially stored and ca n't really be destroyed . 
  long winded excerpt :, 
   [ ... ] neurosurgeon wilder penfield in the 1920s had offered convinc - ing evidence that specific memories did have specific locations in the brain . 
  one of the most unusual features of the brain is that the object itself does n't sense pain directly . 
  as long as the scalp and skull have been deadened with a local anesthetic , surgery can be performed on the brain of a fully conscious person without causing any pain . 
  in a series of landmark experiments , penfield used this fact to his advantage . 
  while operating on the brains of epileptics , he would elec - trically stimulate various areas of their brain cells . 
  to his amazement he found that when he stimulated the temporal lobes ( the region of the brain behind the temples ) of one of his fully conscious patients , they reexperienced memories of past episodes from their lives in vivid de - tail . 
  one man suddenly relived a conversation he had had with friends in south africa ; a boy heard his mother talking on the telephone and after several touches from penfield 's electrode was able to repeat her entire conversation ; a woman found herself in her kitchen and could hear her son playing outside . 
  even when penfield tried to mislead his patients by telling them he was stimulating a different area when he was not , he found that when he touched the same spot it always evoked the same memory . 
   from his research penfield concluded that everything we have ever experienced is recorded in our brain , from every stranger 's face we have glanced at in a crowd to every spider web we gazed at as a child .
