  what of all the children with leukemia who no longer face a painful death sentence or the paraplegic who can communicate with the outside world ? 
  our ability to marvel at photos from galaxies far away or livestream questions to scientists aboard the international space station ? 
  to celebrate leaks that further our fight for more transparent governments and use drones to show injustices committed by big business ? 
  we have high standards and low tolerance for crap . 
  the middle men are dying . 
  a revolution of force would only bring more savagery , not more enlightenment . 
  the balance is increasingly tipping in the peoples favor , but the journey is long and fraught with sacrifices . 
  society is by every metric better today than ever before , unless you 're talking about being a rich white male . 
  i 'm not saying there arent seeds of truth in the rants of mr robot , but it 's such a simplification that its high school level sophistry . 
  does it help you understand things better ? 
  does it give you an actionable perspective through which to better the world ? 
  no , it 's angry and basically saying everything is rotten and people are fucked . 
  pardon me for not being blown away . 
  a third of kenyas gdp is generated through mobile banking , so dont lump all phone use as developed world privilege . 
  edit : downvoting me does nothing to prove otherwise . 
  if what i say is false , reply with sources and show that i 'm wrong . 
  listen , as a small pro media producer , creative cloud has been a positive game changer . 
  instead of having to fork over 1-2k a year for each bit of software , i pay 50 bucks a month and have access to all of adobe 's latest software , plus ios tools that helps me capture color palettes and patterns with my phone . 
  you can purchase a photography package that gives you just photoshop and lightroom for $ 20/mo i think . 
  if you want the pro tools , be ready to pay , and still this is probably the cheapest pro sw on the market right now . 
  and yet , panasonic is asking $ 99 for their gh4 firmware update . 
  grr ... 
  how ? 
  annually the subscription for photoshop only is 240 usd which is still a fifth of the price of purchasing the cs6 equivalent . 
  there has n't been much competition for years in regards to photoshop vs. everyone else . 
  * per app * . 
  i 'm actually saving thousands . 
  fallout and fallout 2 , no question . 
  always heard good things about grim fantango too . 
  adobe used to sell each app separately for 1-2k each ( photoshop , illustrator , premiere , after effects etc. ), 
  so you 'd have to fork over close to 10k if not more to get the apps you need , and not get the latest features when they roll out new versions . 
  now its 50 bucks a month for all of them , always up to date . 
  i think this says more about your worldview than how developers approach business . 
  thats not true , apple usually holds a second event after iphone releases where they announce new ipads . 
  more like duskanddawn , amirite ? 
  this is a 100 mb gif . 
  wow . 
  [ watch this and you 'll prob be slack jawed . 
  all you need to do is deliver pizza apparently . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y1ya-yf35g ), 
  no , very obscure . 
  synth pads , calm but nasal narrator , ken burns panning on photos . 
  yea , this got ta be good . 
  good ` ol macba, 
  hooray for you . 
  most of us just need a quick multiplication . 
  would be kinda sweet though if it supported numbers/spotlight style formulas , like ( 100-5 ) * 2 . 
  well , if you listen to beats 1 radio , you 've sometimes been listening to a pre-recorded segment . 
  they also give you lists of already broadcast content you can stream at your leisure . 
  that 's the essence of podcasts , pre-recorded radio . 
  wo n't happen . 
  reason ? 
  mfi , made for iphone program . 
  no sauce ? 
  wtf ? 
  serious doubts on that cheese and butter . 
  worked for me !, 
  thanks . 
  everything was on . 
  turning off , rebooting , turning on , rebooting , did the trick as / u/blaow _ hs instructed . 
  the fact of the matter is that any phone can be turned off by holding down the power button . 
  no matter how siri behaves , phones need to comply with fcc/eu regulations that they can be turned off after x amount of seconds . 
  i just selected the option `` cancel my purchase '' ( available apaprently for all things within 14 days ) and it immediately said that it will be refunded . 
  yup . 
  `` nothing you say will change my mind '', 
  i was positively surprised by the quality of the episode , i really liked the movie , but like / u/theverdictsin i had n't seen it in some time . 
  good acting , solid storytelling , always awesome watching the nzt sequences with the `` superthinking '' . 
  looking forward to episode 2 !, 
  [ i think it would be quite uncomfortable to say the least ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqexusq.jpg ), 
  great , especially since apple music does n't copy any new songs that exceeds their 25,000 song limit so now i have no way of enjoying my new tracks by syncing via itunes . 
  `` a sun cross , solar cross , or wheel cross , a cross inside a circle , is frequently found in the symbolism of prehistoric cultures , particularly during the neolithic to bronze age periods . 
  the actual significance of these symbols in the prehistoric period is not known '', 
  just turn off autocorrect , it 'll still spell check . 
  look closer . 
  a hiphop instrumental in a songwriting subreddit ? 
  i figure the camera will be out of this world , perhaps integrating that swedish company 's tech that they bought up not too long ago , which uses two cameras to achieve 3d abilities . 
  encrypted backup to itunes is the only way . 
  restore to new phone . 
  ] ( http://www.fidlee.com/android-support-vs-ios-support/ ), 
  ios 9 , which came out this month , supports iphone 4s , a phone that came out in 2011 . 
  talk what you want , but the batteries last fine and are replaceable with tools , i 've even replaced many screens for friends when they broke their phones . 
  have yet to break one ( knock on wood ) , change models each year by selling the old and getting nearly all my money back each time ( ~ 50-80e loss ) . 
  hard to say that for any other manufacturer . 
  ultimately these days the choice is more ecosystem and preference than anything else , but being all `` the other phones are crap '' does a disservice to everyone . 
   create a design brief, 
   content analysis and research, 
   inspiration/references gathering, 
   brainstorm and sketch, 
   refining, 
   initial concepts delivery, 
   revision, 
   delivery, 
  good titles , now write what you mean by those words . 
  otherwise i learn nothing of your process . 
  just my 2c . 
  / r/makinghiphop, 
  iirc snow leopard was the last os x version that supported downloading rosetta binaries . 
  has n't been available for a while , just gives a faded app icon with a \u00d8 icon . 
   support for arbitrary-resolution multiple external displays, 
  never going to happen as a default feature preinstalled .
