  thanks for this ama !, 
  ftfy . 
  * shudder *, 
  thanks , kernel !, 
  gold . 
  how does one become a manager of a band such as metallica ? 
  what was your history prior ? 
  funny to see cracked linked as a resource in / r/psychology , but it has a great presentation . 
  information is a drug , in one newspaper you have more information than our ancestors came across during a whole lifetime !, 
  good point . 
  maybe there 'd be a special hotspot corner that would summon a symbol wheel/grid or something . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  detects movements between letters and figures out the most common thing someone would type . 
  kind of like learning to play by ear , knowing the intervals you can get the tune . 
  buy a used macbook pro from ebay , use boot camp to run windows on it . 
  they make the most stable and efficient windows computers imo . 
  also lets you dabble in os x , it has some great webdev programs . 
   i [ ... ] spent hours carefully creeping around my house , trying not to offend my furniture . 
  can we get a t-shirt with this ? 
  psilocybin has a very distinct experience curve with onset , peak and come down . 
  i always feel as if i get what i 'm ready to handle on some level . 
  lsd leaves your body before the trip even begins , the experience comes and goes in waves and can leave a slight impression for days . 
  and the trip itself can be relentless . 
  you forgot to take your medication . 
  what the fuck does your link have to do with the title , what the hell does your title even mean ? 
  you do realize your link has nothing to do with 32:10 curved monitors , right ? 
  currently very basic :, 
  - macbook pro late-2009 15.4 '', 
  - m-audio keystation 49, 
  - logic studio 9, 
  - blue albino usb microphone ( my baby ), 
  - sennheiser hd 205 headphones, 
  - shitty altec lansing 2.1 speakers, 
  wavearts plugins , tubesaturator , melodyne, 
  synths : sampletank , rob papen collection , absynth5 . 
  this is like , a message from hollywood telling us how they 're going to depopulate the earth , man !, 
  like it 's already happening with the avian flu !, 
  it was all a lab !, 
  who was vaccine ?!?!, 
  wake up sh ... [ gets dragged away ], 
  i liked that movie . 
  fuck tv , period . 
  live without it . 
  anxiety is curable , tell him to look into meditation . 
  giving him a bj would n't hurt either , 
  in no specific order , here 's something to get you started , there 's some great suggestions on this thread and i 'm trying not to repost . 
  filestube.com is a great resource for finding rare albums :, 
  young d boyz - straight game, 
  rappin ' ron & ant diddley dog - bad n fluenz, 
  dre dog - hate you with a passion, 
  brotha lynch hung - season of da siccness, 
  above the law - uncle sam 's curse, 
  knocc out & dresta - real brothers, 
  blac monks - secrets of the hidden temple, 
  bloods & crips albums, 
  cj mac - true game, 
  jayo felony - take a ride, 
  mac dre - young black brotha, 
  doctor - setripn ' bloccstyle, 
  outkast ( first 3 albums ), 
  the pharcyde - labcabincalifornia, 
  kanye west - college dropout, 
  the roots ( many ), 
  seagram - souls on ice, 
  street military - do n't give a damn & next episode, 
  ghost dog : way of the samurai ost, 
  a.g.a.s - sailin ' da south, 
  big mello - wegonefunkwichamind, 
  black moon - diggin ' in dah vaults, 
  dred scott - breakin ' combs, 
  gangsta dre - gang banging poetry : the sequel, 
  kokane - funk upon a rhyme, 
  mood - doom, 
  paris - guerrilla funk, 
  ugk - too hard to swallow, 
  watts gangstas - real gangstas, 
  xzibit - at the speed of life, 
  2nd ii none - 2nd ii none, 
  20-2 life - up 4 parole, 
  k-rino ( earlier stuff , especially tales from the black book ), 
  the geto boys - the geto boys, 
  gza - liquid swords, 
  oak cliff assassin - a hit on da hitman ? 
  pete rock & cl smooth - soul survivor, 
  pete rock - petestrumentals, 
  rappin 4-tay - do n't fight the feelin, 
  south central cartel - south central madness, 
  spice 1 - 1990 sick, 
  my old gym had a sign, 
   if you 're too tired to re-rack your weights , do n't do your last set . 
  cook , eat more protein and natural fat . 
  you 'll feel more full . 
   drowning is death from suffocation ( asphyxia ) caused by a liquid entering the lungs and preventing the absorption of oxygen leading to cerebral hypoxia and myocardial infarction . 
   ** near drowning ** is the survival of a drowning event involving unconsciousness or water inhalation and can lead to serious secondary complications , including death , after the event, 
  i think i 've heard about that fabric torture as well . 
  well that makes sense now . 
  awesome monitor and idea , shame the vertical resolution is only 900px . 
  future , here we come !, 
  people mirror your actions and gestures to build and maintain rapport . 
  set the frame , lead the game .
