  true , it 's verdana , no ? 
  you mean sweeden ? 
  boss should hire you instead . 
  how exactly would thr flag retract each time ? 
  fyi lightroom merges photos pretty well as well nowadays . 
  hanging leg raises and landmine twists are the goal for great abs if you ask me !, 
  maximum range of motion , several sets to failure !, 
  lots of protein , not really counting calories but try to keep it reasonable and so that i feel a little hungry . 
  try my best to abstain from sugary foods , curd instead of ice cream , fruits instead of candy . 
  cook food myself . 
  routine is my own , lots of compound lifts , upper/lower split , 4x a week for hitting all body parts twice a week . 
  push/pull one after another . 
  out or curiosity , how is it possible to openly call for volunteers to make calls on behalf of the sanders campaign without trolls screwing it up ? 
  that piggie took a bow at the end there . 
  self-incrimination . 
  lawyers exist for a reason and legal proceedings are their own animal . 
  basically a compressor ? 
  fyi apple laptops since 2011 are hardwired to the indicator light , meaning you can not pass electrical signals to and from the camera without activating the green light as well . 
  2 people shy of 300 died . 
  too little too late . 
  apple leads with accessibility features for decades now . 
  i think you mean fps . 
  hz is the refresh rate of the actual screen which is way above 24 . 
  good ` ol denial . 
  still very early stages . 
  that 's high-speed video pulled from a magnified high-bitrate source . 
  imho we 're getting there , but still off by a decade or so . 
  what sort of gimbal did you use ? 
  first time i hear that it 's been discontinued afaik . 
  if the device is on standby it doesnt require much pushing , a simple formula could account for battery drain with high accuracy , in use also an estimate drain could be used but honestly pushing out a few numbers should n't have a real effect on battery life . 
  great stuff !, 
  proud of y' all doing something about all this ( finland ), 
  would be interesting to see if that would remain after a restore , could just be a sw issue ? 
  apple sells tens of millions of devices each quarter . 
  imagine all that free storage they 'd have to give out . 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  guess people do n't like math . 
  google servers make up for ~ 50 % of all internet servers . 
  they are in a much better position to offer storage than apple . 
  plus , it 's not 15gb per google product . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would love to have a lot of free storage space from apple , but the reality is is that server space is not free . 
  apple is a business , i do n't find it likely that they will just hand out free icloud storage space when you buy a product . 
  just is n't feasible . 
  dunno if pointing out that all messages go thhrough a central data center to be the best marketing message . 
  sure , we know the messages are encrypted and impossible to intercept , but does the average joe ? 
  they say this every year !, 
  no one has ever tried so hard to look so bad . 
  lots of protein to keep your nitrogen balance high . 
  [ jeff cavalier talks about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz3ag-ocxte ) . 
  yes , but as 13th floor and other sci-fi movies and stories have shown , decartes ' quote does not give any solid footing either . 
  either believe , or do n't . 
  actually , lacking words for colors influences how we actually perceive color , as research with tribes has shown ( ca n't select a blue square amidst squares of green ) . 
  source ? 
  switch off gps , or it will drain your battery completely . 
  even if the camera is switched off . 
  magic lantern can fix this , but i personally never use gps on . 
  [ youtube mirror ] ( https://youtu.be/menwmrqjtb0 ), 
  not mine , searched for it when the original source did n't load on mobile . 
  the annoying thing is that the facebook-bought app moves manages to autodetect cycling but does n't record the data into healthkit . 
  no idea why , it has the capacity to write pretty much all other data it records . 
  please , tell us more about something you know nothing about . 
  you got my attention the moment you swept away all concerns for a highly complicated subject with half a sentence . 
  kids cry . 
  youtube exists . 
  next !, 
  subscribe to itunes match for a year for $ 25 and have cloud access to most of your music ? 
  all those calls to the processor showing/hiding elements will cost battery life , but mobile chips are getting more and more efficient . 
  if only the os 's would n't get so much more severely bloated each release !, 
  finnish tech !, 
  did you read the article ? 
  they mention the flattening of the poles , but it 's only a 10 km difference . 
  do you have any idea how large the sun is ? 
  yea fuck the customer who wants to use it to record themselves in decent quality off the bat . 
  getting gold on reddit . 
  more valuable for marketers i 'd imagine . 
  iphone 6 onwards have nfc to make apple pay possible . 
  it 's just locked to that function and apis are not likely to be released afaik . 
  [ edit : here 's a source for the downvoters ] ( http://www.cultofmac.com/296093/apple-confirms-iphone-6-nfc-apple-pay/ ) . 
  launchpad . 
  completely useless . 
  i use notification center for weather , world clock , tweeting occasionally as well as calendar ( using a widget ) . 
  google `` talvivaara mine finland '' for another perspective . 
  lots of privatization and shortsighted decision-making abound nowadays . 
  perhaps recording the data with a wireless chest heart monitor to show them ? 
  constant thirst , tiredness , weakness and need to urinate are also signs of overtraining . 
  if your grip strength is severely reduced , this is another sign . 
  rest adequately !, 
  sure , because devs decide the product roadmaps / s, 
  steve jobs of x ? 
  is this a thing now ? 
  really well made video , great motion graphics and content . 
  you do realize that the steering wheel , handles , knobs and dials are all part of the car 's user interface , right ? 
  use proxy footage ? 
  store projects on an external hdd ? 
  imo lpt 's help streamline your life . 
  this also minimizes the risk of knocking anything over when groggily making a cup in the morning . 
  all those moments saved add up . 
  [ weird , but true . 
  ] ( http://www.digitaltrends.com/apple/steve-jobs-the-godfather-of-fonts-as-we-know-them/ ), 
  [ yes , new antibiotics ] ( https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=new%20antibiotics%20nature ) .
