  - ireversi for some worldwide othello ass-whooping . 
  - worms for killing time and trying to finish all the challenges . 
  pretty decent port imo . 
  r/web _ design , thankyouverymuch . 
  yeah , in an alternative universe . 
  here he 'd still be who he is . 
  i was n't getting enough deep sleep in my cycles , alcohol makes me sleep really superficially , most of my good sleep happens between 3 and 5 , stuff like this . 
  really invaluable , the app is perfect in what it does ( unless you sleep on a futon ) . 
  oh , universe , how clear your message and how it rings true !, 
  unfortunately my clogged schedule does n't allow me to grow by learning a new skillset . 
  i just need to get this * done * , but thank you sincerely for telling me how it is , because that 's exactly what i should do if i only could . 
  seriously , opening your own business in a country where you do n't speak the language in an economic recession does n't leave you with much free time at all :d, 
  this site will be so simple/minimalist that drupal is the antithesis for what i 'm going for . 
  thanks for playing though , 
  sweet website , really nicely executed !, 
  i 'd recommend darkening the body text though , it 's a bit of a pain to read the tos on the cart page ( sorry , wo n't order anything but i figure i 'd check your process ) . 
  you messed up your `` main site '' link pretty badly , 
  that 's 793 too many !, 
  seriously , who needs or deserves to be worth over a billion ? 
  if you end poverty , maybe . 
  but i have a feeling such a person would give it away anyway . 
  nice site , but this artists website will be even more simple , 
  yes , that is off-topic , 
  thanks for sharing though . 
  i think i read an article about this , it 's not totally an uncommon thing for some mothers to have . 
  it 's unfortunate it went on for as long as it did , but you handled it like a champ . 
  good for you and i wish you the best . 
  yeah , reddit 's not going to fill itself with 4chan jokes all by itself you know . 
  nextgen looks to be quite the beast !, 
  sorry , i abstain from teh flash . 
  thanks for the tip though !, 
  congrats , you have nearly as much karma for this comment as i have in total . 
  * vigorous clappping *, 
  logitech mice are awesome . 
  i make imaginary deadlines so i can become stressed for not meeting them . 
  he 's suggesting chicken mcnuggets are a good enough subject for a circlejerk . 
  hey , down the line one of her kids ' kids will marry one of yours . 
  * unless ... *, 
  tall girls can only be stunning or beautiful , cute is reserved for the shorter stock . 
  yes , i do so wonder ... 
   the chick in front of me regurgitated spaghetti and milk all over the seats . 
  it was my first experience with the flying spaghetti monster ... 
  i broke my funny bone . 
  ah , got ta love fellow professionals talking . 
  bah , if you can listen to a sob story you 're qualified . 
  most will drink sugar syrup for a chance to connect with another human being , 
  [ these kinds of pull up systems ] ( http://www.amazon.com/iron-total-upper-body-workout/dp/b001nd04u4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=sporting-goods&amp;qid=1268484707&amp;sr=8-1 ) work really well with minimal risk of falling . 
  of course having your own backyard is a blessing that should be utilized to its fullest , 
  that should n't happen . 
  fault is either in the midi controller or your mac 's logic board . 
  who * likes * needles ? 
  - comment submissions ( such as all redditstories and bestof 's ) do n't scroll to the comment in question, 
  - the back/reload/forward buttons are useless and i constantly exit the reddit submission when trying to go back from a comment link by clicking the big back button in the top-left, 
  there are many faults with that app . 
  i wish i could view more than 100 links per page ... 
  be sure to notify apple as well . 
  if and when you get it back , you might want to consider investing in [ undercover ] ( http://www.orbicule.com/undercover ) , it 's worth the investment . 
  no matter how fast you absorb the information it has nothing to really do with procrastinating , does it ? 
  stereo audio , has headset plug , has vga output w / adapter . 
  oh right , this is trolling !, 
  a movie about a wedding is quite different from a wedding video , 
  nice try , amazon . 
  no dice !, 
  probably more like . o ; _ ' o, 
  with that kind of mentality i can imagine you 'll have a hard time finding anyone to spend the rest of your life with . 
  what are you expecting , roses and singing birds for decades ? 
  partnerships are about the ups and downs , sometimes the ins and wrong-hole outs . 
  wtf ?!, 
  sounds like she uses mens underwear just to keep that beast in control . 
  i mean seriously , the back of your throat ? 
  this is no labia i know of !, 
  had sex with a woman i should n't of . 
  that 's nice info , but it 's still a movie no matter how you look at it . 
  your ignorance is amazing . 
  i bet you think being a scientist consists of patting other scientists on the back and that everyone involved in economics is `` in on * it * '' . 
  mac : [ mailplane ] ( http://mailplaneapp.com/ ) has been a god-send , i hope you will find it suitable for your needs . 
  multiple accounts , drag-n-drop attachments coupled w / optional auto photo resizing , etc. 
  iphone : sync gmail with the mail app , easily added in settings . 
  best setup that i know of . 
  would you agree that playing these rationalizations in your mind prevents you from truly being in the moment , enjoying it and discovering where it leads you both ? 
  are you afraid to step into unimagined territory , or put in another way , are you afraid of ending up in a situation you do n't know what to do and the only way you 've convinced yourself you can go is by having a picture of it beforehand in your mind ? 
  where do the limits of authority go ? 
  fucked up shit , my friends . 
  i 'm happy you have a wife and did not mean to offend you , but your story went `` i really liked this girl and i had ideas of spending the rest of my life with her but we had an unfortunate incident and i could never face her the same afterward '' and that led me to comment that with that kind of an attitude does n't really create life-long partnerships . 
  now chill , we have some redditing to do . 
  the state wins by having a drug war . 
  6 weeks for muscle growth !, 
  do n't get disheartened by a lack of instant growth , you 'll notice strength increases pretty fast though , typically in the 2nd to 3rd week . 
  as for exercises , squats , deadlifts and other [ compound exercises ] ( http://skinnybulkup.com/compound-exercises/ ) are what you should focus on religiously . 
  make yourself a good program using resources like [ starting strength ] ( http://startingstrength.wikia.com/wiki/faq ) to your advantage and get the most out of your time at the fitness center . 
  good luck !, 
  this performance sends chills down my spine !, 
  you need :, 
  - imaginarium of doctor parnassus, 
  - where the wild things are, 
  - fantastic mr. fox, 
  - the people speak, 
  enjoy and get better !, 
  go work at an oilrig and you 'll never have this again . 
  sword fight !,
