  [ many analysts ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/connieguglielmo/2012/07/17/apple-analysts-still-betting-on-1000-share-price-next-year/ ) project up to $ 1000 a share , and although i doubt that , there is no reason to believe apple wo n't achieve 800 per share before dropping . 
  my bad , you were clear with your statement . 
  my intent was to say market performance and `` pure '' innovation are separate from one another and expectations for apple are unrealistic , which in turn seems to reflect in how well they 're doing in terms of product lineup and market performance . 
  like bill hicks said of non-smokers ; `` i 'd quit if i was n't afraid i 'd turn into one of you '' . 
  step 1 : set up great lighting . 
  this can not be redone in ps from a normal photo . 
  but , darken bg , add vignette effect . 
  usatoday uses a separate layout for mobile devices . 
  they use a proprietary system to figure out what the browser client is and redirects accordingly . 
  you would still turn left to merge with the highway below to go that direction . 
  just sayin ', 
  we 're talking about two icons in relation to how that intersection is in the real world . 
  note that picture has nothing from the actual google or apple maps . 
  i do n't know that intersection but i 'll bet you it 's properly marked on both maps . 
  what is up with the vignetting ? 
  i 'd tone it down a notch . 
  tried it and uninstalled it . 
  sub-par graphics , too repetitive . 
  ca n't beat the current price though , 
  camera + and snapseed . 
  what more do you need ? 
  in * the ape and the sushi master * , frans de waal explains that the apes saw the japanese do this ( iirc they didnt have enough salt to flavor the potatoes ) and one started to mimic the behavior and continue to do so even though the humans have since stopped . 
  fascinating book btw . 
  if this is a reuters story why in fsm 's name would you link to fox ? 
  nu-uh , this is more proof that obama is ruining the economy for farmers . 
  off to / r/morbidreality with you !, 
  this is the one . 
  take it to an apple store !, 
  awesome shots !, 
  if it was off we 'd likely have more people waking up or snapping out of it . 
  dream rationality is far removed from daily interactions . 
  i 've had dreams where i drive from the back seat using the power of my mind , worked as a slave in a nazi sweatshop , had people change and women fall in the throes of passion from a single glance . 
  totally understandable . 
  the rabbit greens as it spins . 
  not exactly evidence , but i 'd be surprised if it is n't relatable . 
  makes me sick thinking about it . 
  air pressure , palagoon . 
  air pressure . 
  did n't apple hold a press event when they released the rmbp where they demoed ios 6 with the maps app ? 
  so much fud going around ... 
  a desktop app for a mobile world . 
  it 's about as subtle as a kick in the teeth . 
   i am a romney supporter . 
  if you disable location services for the camera app , this will of course be avoided . 
  that 's what i do n't understand : anyone who can access information can see romney is a terrible leader and not fit for presidency . 
  how could anyone with half a brain cell want this guy to be chief in command ? 
  not to mention , apple is one of the largest unix developers in the world . 
  celtx is more than a page to write on though , it has storyboarding , location and production notes built in . 
  its character sheets ask questions that can aid in fleshing out a wholesome character . 
  but of course , talent trumps all . 
  celtx is a powerful tool nonetheless . 
  that is quite the exceptional time lapse . 
  743 usd and mot waterproof ? 
  cover up the windows for a more flat response ? 
  seems like the room is n't really `` acoustified '' . 
  would kill for that jacket . 
  that center-aligned logo in the header goes over navigation links depending on window size . 
  i 'd recommend using some css media query to reduce its size past a certain point so it does n't overlay . 
  honestly those thumbnails of your work on the portfolio page could be bigger to entice me more to click them . 
  also can feel a little overwhelming with so many options per row . 
  about page text is tiny in relation to the header , could use more line spacing . 
  proportional width rather than fixed width would service it better imo . 
  blog is interesting but again , the text size is tiny . 
  a solid effort !, 
  depends what you mean . 
  the simplest general-purpose non-destructive way is to enable flex tool and use the flex tool . 
  what the flying fuck is this doing on / r/awesome ? 
  i notice that when i have trouble falling asleep it 's because my body does n't have enough water . 
  i drink a few glasses , relax my muscles and let my mind wander and i 'm out fast . 
  ymmv . 
  oh , and exercise and f.lux . 
  i get to work on creating experiences with companies and individuals , to express a thought into the world . 
  he did n't use the word wrong tho , a critic is someone who gives critique , so he would n't mind a critic giving some critique , 
  where are the stars ? 
  there 's no central point of focus , everything gives a sense of blur . 
  where 's the * umf * ? 
  compressed cabbage video . 
  i 'll stick to gopro hero 2 * thankyouverymuch * . 
  thanks for your input . 
  a few questions :, 
   proprietary connector between the lights and the boxes, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  it would seem it 's a standard lighting screw fixture similar to what a normal c-stand would have . 
  unfortunately my idea is n't to have one now and then , i want to purchase a kit so i can use it whenever i want instead of renting each time . 
  you 're recommending strobes , but i 'm thinking about continuous lighting primarily for video purposes . 
  what kit would you recommend that is n't going to kill me financially but would be a worthy investment ? 
  like stage 1 for continuous lighting and a stage 2 for strobe/flash additions ? 
  the [ nikon sb26 ] ( http://strobist.blogspot.fi/2006/05/for-few-dollars-more-nikon-sb-26.html ) was recommended by strobist , their gear recommendations seem on point but again , it 's for strobe lighting . 
  i 'm * very * open to suggestions . 
  thanks for your response !, 
  definitely i 'm thinking video first , as i want to run a home studio where i can make videos . 
  you 're recommending strobes , but i 'm thinking about continuous lighting primarily for video purposes . 
  what kit would you recommend that is n't going to kill me financially but would be a worthy investment ? 
  like stage 1 for continuous lighting and a stage 2 for strobe/flash additions ? 
  the [ nikon sb26 ] ( http://strobist.blogspot.fi/2006/05/for-few-dollars-more-nikon-sb-26.html ) was recommended by strobist , their gear recommendations seem on point but again , it 's for strobe lighting . 
  i 'm * very * open to suggestions . 
  what would be some serious equipment you would recommend i buy that i could get online with eu shipping ? 
  i 'll keep the ikea idea in mind for now , 
  i 've heard pretty good things about the superzooms , but read the reviews and look at sample images : they work best at medium focal lengths , you 'll get a lot of zoom slipping ( walking around makes the zoom extend ) , they 'll be more prone to breaking , etc. 
  prime lenses are the best in terms of quality , the more focal variation a lens has the more problems start cropping up .
