  does that command line created fusion drive automatically optimize file usage based on drive speeds and file access frequency as the real fd ? 
  there was talk of some other file system to replace hfs , i think it was called zfs ? 
  seeing as apple sometimes goes the extra mile to get where they need to go ( intel transition as an example ) , is it reasonable to think that at some point they 'll bite the bullet ? 
  does hfs + with corestorage have some innate limitations that devices in the future will run up against that will require a new format ? 
  if only it was ram thats taxed . 
  have you looked at the activity monitor with several tabs running ? 
  my new rmbp 13 '' even slows with chrome and i think its just because of all my bookmarks it syncs . 
  meh , with tech theres always the next big thing around the corner . 
  with the refreshes apple has made to the mbp already this year indoubt that we can expect another refresh before 2016 . 
  yes , with the video settings . 
  i dont usually take photos at 1/50 if im trying to get the best possible image . 
  i dont actually , except now tv/av when i 'm taking photos and video at the same event . 
  all i 'd really need is m1 and m2 . 
  to be fair , even apple products have such model numbers but have more humane versions that are commonly used . 
  for example my iphone 6 64gb space gray is model ng4f2zd/a, 
  look up core audio . 
  that is why . 
  i did , specifically the [ full 404 page manual ] ( http://gdlp01.c-wss.com/gds/8/0300009238/01/eos6d-im-en.pdf ) , pages 203-209 that cover filming video in manual mode . 
  no mention of having two separate settings for one mode , iirc that 's the whole idea of having separate modes . 
  c1 and c2 do not have manual settings options afaik . 
  if you know better , please share your knowledge . 
  good job linking to the aftermath rather than the actual fight / s, 
  i think you 're confused as to how dropbox/gdrive works , theres a copy stored on each computer you have dropbox installed on . 
  so locally you save no space but you have a copy in the cloud accessible from anywhere . 
  adding/removing will then propagate to all computers that sync with your account . 
  ** edit ** / u/pokemonredblue pointed out that [ dropbox does indeed have a selective sync function ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/en/help/4456 ) that can help you save space . 
  til . 
  til , amended comment , 
  went to the main developer page , was right there . 
  you 're welcome ? 
  lines written by nas , he got credits for it and everything . 
  ... to toggle the dnd switch . 
  ( clarification ), 
  doesnt work for me . 
  perhaps because i have finnish keyboard layout ? 
  has been gone from the main menu for a while , only accessible from the store . 
   all in all , there 's the * rumors * and leaks for atv * [ which ] * are through the roof * ( abundant ) * . 
  [ here 's the link ? 
  ] ( http://www.msnbc.com/hardball/watch/jon-voyage--farewell-to-jon-stewart-500593219520 ), 
  soldered ram and ssd for faster speeds and smaller required volume . 
  [ edit : ssds are relatively easy to replace apparently ] ( http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/macbook_pro/macbook-pro-retina-display-faq/macbook-pro-retina-display-13-how-to-upgrade-ssd-storage.html ), 
  [ sweet , til ] ( http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/macbook_pro/macbook-pro-retina-display-faq/macbook-pro-retina-display-13-how-to-upgrade-ssd-storage.html ) . 
  you 'll be fine , do n't worry , you 'll get used to it . 
  its nice to hear them live , but i do so appreciate being able to hear them on demand . 
  had this issue with my mbp when i lived in tanzania , shocks from anywhere on the metal frame . 
  never hurt me or the computer really . 
  earthing the comp or your wrist will take care of it . 
  fyi you linked to the end of the video . 
  someone teach this man about manual exposure settings !, 
  keep it for 10 years and then sell it to a collector . 
  original ipods are already going for a good price online . 
  meh , its a preference thing . 
  i do multimedia production and use the trackpad on my imac , much more ergonomic than a mouse for me . 
  ( gdq is a game related youtube channel ), 
  kwami done goofed and exposed his reddit account to the media guy , 
  it might look good , but usability suffers from it . 
  using a phone , especially with one hand , means parts of your palm come into contact with the sides of the phone . 
  not only are users of the phone more prone to unintentionally activate actions , they also have a worse grip . 
  this has been pointed out by many users as well as reviewers , such as mkbhd . 
  the phone sold bad enough that samsung recently dropped its price . 
  how does a phone wear out evenly ? 
  [ i found these that are decently priced for 4.99 ] ( https://sellfy.com/p/kxtr/ ), 
  caffeine app + sleep display hotcorner, 
  clean your computer ? 
  p3 footage might be more performance intensive . 
  hdds are user-replacable on the new rmbp 's btw , learned this a few weeks ago . 
  sure , the benefit is crazy better read/write speeds . 
  definitely a case of diminishing returns , but the size of the rmbp ssd 's are also about half of a normal 2.5 '' drive , enabling a slimmer design and more space to use for batteries . 
  second-hand phones are quite affordable and well supported . 
  iphone 5 can be bought for a couple hundred in good condition and still receive official updates for at least the next two years . 
  not possible to see with your bare eye quite so vividly ( these photos have ~ 30 second exposures ) , but in the middle of nowhere you can see the milky way somewhat . 
  edit : some people trying to call bs but sorry , your eye will not make out the fine detail and colors of the milky way in the same way that cameras can photograph ( p.s. 
  human night vision is monochromatic , aka black and white ) . 
  i 've been in the middle of nowhere near the equator and seen the clearest of skies , and yes it 's stupendously glorious but you 're lying to yourself if you think you 're seeing the clarity and detail you get from a photo . 
  it 's still an awe-inspiring and potentially life-changing experience !, 
  ssd comp w / at least 1gb of gpu . 
  import into lightroom , go through them while pressing p or x on the keyboard to pick the good ones and disgard the obviously failed ones . 
  perhaps mark w colors or a rating those that are especially good or require touchups in photoshop . 
  after that , edit the good ones until ready . 
  apply general develop settings to non-picked photos , see if any manages to rise above their humble beginnings now that they get great develop settings . 
  select all non-picked photos , delete . 
  export to dropbox , review on three different devices , do final adjustments , done . 
  source : photographer/multimedia designer, 
  evernote for voice memos , notes . 
  so you 're already disappointed in a product that has n't even been officially announced ? 
  take a breather and wait a week . 
  yea , things used to be so much better . 
  if you take that talk as serious discourse on world matters , you 're way out there . 
  we 're healthier and freer than ever before . 
  saying otherwise is akin to saying vaccines make us sick . 
  just because you did n't live in the times of illness does n't mean it was n't reality . 
  go live in a developing nation amd see for yourself how much we take for granted . 
  what we do with our health and freedom is another question , but people were n't better equipped to know `` the real world '' and how to function any better before ( unless you go back to tribal living ) . 
  these rants ( incl . 
  eliot 's ep1 one ) are juvenile and shallow . 
  the real world is more complex than black and white and the fact that we are having this discussion proves the point . 
  but see the fact that we have the ability to self-reflect to that degree is something that was once the privilege of the uppermost classes . 
  now we have infinite resources of information to develop ourselves . 
  sure , people in masses consume and are docile , but before those people would be dying young working 18-hour days for a pittance with zero social mobility . 
  it 's not just wanting to not lose the comforts , it 's the advancements !,
