  2 years to obsolescence is sicker than repeatedly giving babies puke medicine . 
  and yes , obsolete by design has been a trend but you can join me in watching that mentality fade with our dwindling resources . 
  congrats on finding it , next time it 's best to go to [ tomt ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tipofmytongue ) , those guys are total pros at finding what you need . 
  [ here are instructions ] ( http://www.softweigh.com/video/diy.html ) on how to do those yourself for those who are interested . 
  arc is the natural progression of the track , payoff is the final part that releases all the buildup ( the reward , think `` let the beat drop '' section of the boom boom track by the black eyed peas ) . 
  arc starts at 0 , builds up and up to the climax ( another word for payoff ) and then it levels back out ( or stops there , or whatnot , i hope you get it ) . 
  as soon as i bought my first mac i bought a logitech mouse with two side buttons i use for expose and spaces and a 4-way scroll wheel . 
  aside from the magic mouse , which does seem pretty nifty , apple totally sucks balls at mouse design . 
  yeah , i was dissapointed when i did n't see dots orbiting a bigger ball . 
  * what 's the dirtiest place you 've done it in ? 
  * ever been caught ? 
  what happened ? 
  * have you ever tried your utmost to resist the urge ? 
  what happened ? 
  * do you have a significant other ? 
  what do they think ? 
  * is it just public bathrooms ? 
  * are you pedobear ? 
  how do you view the world ? 
  yes !, 
  been a long time since i last saw this . 
  should be mandatory viewing for teenagers . 
  i 'm all for philosophical rigor but this goes a bit too far . 
  i suppose eyes are n't meant to function as sensory organs either , right ? 
  i never thought i 'd see portugal . 
  the man 's lyric in text like this . 
  [ context ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oni60pgtaae ), 
  screw context , i want my outrage !, 
  lol , it 's locked 'till april 2010 . 
  well , semi-protected . 
  [ anyone able to edit it ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sean_hannity ), 
  narrated by joaquin phoenix !, 
  we 're talking about our organs here , not animals and what we do with them . 
  * organs * !!, 
  everyone just * happens * to use their hands for manipulating objects but it 's not like there 's anything * innate * in our hands to do that . 
  we just happened to be the most successful mammals but it has nothing to do with our dexterous thumbs , you know ... 
  yah , i want my babelfish !, 
  that 's some reality right there . 
  do n't do crack , kids . 
  you need to get out of your box more . 
  right , i suppose our stomach * decides * to break down food into smaller constituents other organs can harvest for energy is merely a choice on its part as well . 
  c'mon , are you honestly not getting my point ? 
  i get yours , but i think it 's absurd since form and meaning are intertwined at the evolutionary physical level . 
  it 's no merely coincidence and preference , there 's a specific purpose and meaning for why things are the way they are and if you cancel out that layer of meaning then of course all you 're left with is meaningless mass/material , but as i said it 's absurd . 
  please do blow my mind and give me a solid argument for organs not possessing purpose . 
  i came here to recommend te g10 as well , i heard such great things about it . 
  [ there was an article a short while back ] ( http://www.luminous-landscape.com/reviews/kidding.shtml ) comparing the g10 to some 70,000 dollar camera 's photos and experts were unable to consistently tell apart . 
  he was being too convergent . 
  many a genius have had horrible handwriting . 
  darwin was notorious for being unable to read his own notes ... 
  fiber actually makes shit runnier . 
  protein gives it a whack . 
  oops , my first upload :d, 
  fixed . 
  you also fail to consider the fact that this is a video trying to raise awareness and discussion about the topic . 
  you try doing that with a pair of hairy legs illustrating your point !, 
  in all seriousness , although i agree with what you have to say * but * the general consensus is that looking at a naked female body is much more pleasant for both sexes , although of course the male form is beautiful as well . 
  i think the author of the video is more neutral than what you imply with your ranting and honestly i do n't think your approach really adds anything to the discussion . 
  i forgot a `` but '' there , edited . 
  i 'm sorry , but there are scientific studies that show that looking at a female body is cerebrelly pleasing for both sexes . 
  perhaps . 
  i guess everyone who is n't actively seeking male nudity to be displayed has according to this logic . 
  rebel , i saw your correction but i still see a big flat rant that propagates the whole fail meme . 
  the whole discussion is about nudity in general . 
  the guy is a photographer and he has his vision that he displayed through his picture choices for the video . 
  should we actively pursue negative discrimination ? 
   so of course those dirty words sex and sexuality/erotica etc have absolutely nothing to do with your art nor your perspective . 
  this is the type of talk i think that really flattens the whole discussion , you know ? 
  it 's not you saying `` it is evident that your sexual thoughts and the sexual culture around you affects your body of work and preferences '' but the way you phrase it makes me think * you * have issues . 
  i know many artists and craft all types of media myself and i understand there 's an overemphasis on the female form versus the male , but i think the way we present both forms currently in the mainstream contributes greatly to that imbalance . 
  do you honestly think this video and discussion would go further if there was a more equal display of male/female ? 
  and i 'm sorry , from now on i 'll stick away from commenting on my own submissions until really necessary ... it tends to carry too much weight and i really want people to talk about this rather than to simply state what they think . 
   your comment above about `` hairy legs '' is not a `` perhaps '' pointer to your cultural prejudices, 
  this is reddit , c'mon !, 
  i myself have hairy legs and i love 'em , would n't trade them for the world . 
  in this day you can talk to the author of the video and maybe he 'd be interesting in making a revised version , and better yet it 's easier than ever to make videos like this yourself . 
  the author clearly said in the beginning that too many people fail to distinguish between pornography and nude art . 
  he talked about what nude models told him of their experiences . 
  could he of covered more and done things differently ? 
  sure , but i think he did a great video and that 's why i posted it here . 
   everybody can tell you how to do it , they never did it . 
  * contacting * not commenting . 
  i really do n't recommend contributing to that slopfest . 
  i told you , op discussions this early in the game are destructive : /, 
  well , perhaps it 's because nearly all hollywood movies are color-corrected to have a blue/orange look ? 
  they 're complimentary colors in the color spectrum which is why . 
  seriously , whip out a color picker and go check out some trailers . 
  low saturation , polarized contrast . 
  that 's the hollywood look . 
  jibberwalk - destroyer of breakfasts ... 
  this is something that 's been rolling in my mind for some time , you seem to have taken it a fair share forward too , which is excellent . 
  i do n't have the time to be part of the * core * crew , but once the site is up i 'll definitely come take a look and see how i can contribute . 
  be sure to let us know !, 
  i dunno if it 's a trick to prevent physical cringing or just my way of doing it but i often have words spill out of me when i think of something stupid i did or even the inaction in a certain situation , i 'll think about it and half-singingly say `` well was n't that just wrong '' or something . 
  cursed self-damaging attitude !, 
  cool , but how do i get it to read the text ? 
  i dunno , saying `` well now ... '' and standing there half-expecting something takes the cake . 
  ehh , warm up and stretch afterward twice ( once after finishing , the second after a few hours ) is my suggestion . 
  amazing how people keep forgetting the title of the thread ...
