  also improved camera with 4k@30fps and full 1080p@120fps . 
  i just hope it has a decent mbps rate . 
  otherwise such speeds can churn out pretty potato-quality that ca n't really be salvaged in post . 
  yes but its frustratingly inconsistent . 
  sometimes works , sometimes shows alternative glyphs . 
  yes , even when the cursor is blinking . 
  yea , why would editors , motion graphics and 3d artists ever need a good gpu ? 
  and the iphone 6/6s does n't ? 
  sure its less , but curved is curved . 
  edit : ok , iphone has * rounded * corners . 
  my bad . 
  return for refund ? 
  import tariffs , different taxes , etc. 
  the retina 5k imac is touted even in the introductory video as a suitable workhorse for pro photogs and videographers . 
  there is no excuse for not beefing up the gpu ( which remained unchanged with the last update ) . 
  macbook pros , same issue and even includes that pro moniker you mentioned . 
  ** edit ** so downvoters think normal graphics work does n't need a great gpu ? 
  go ahead and [ switch illustrator to cpu mode and see how it feels ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5nbm9vf.png ) , not very responsive . 
  the difference in lightroom and photoshop is even more extreme . 
  this is borderline apologist behavior . 
  i 'm heavily invested in the mac ecosystem and it simply upsets me that apple does n't up their gpu game to the benefit of everyone . 
  [ here 's that introductory video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0p6qkzm-7e ) where they talk about the imac 's 4k video editing capabilties and use by a pro photographer . 
  jraphical interchange format ? 
  it could very well be the audio slowed down , if recorded at a high enough bit rate . 
  at this point in their careers , i would not be surprised , their production is pretty top-notch . 
  this should be a clear sign to all aspiring musicians to not be so anally retentive about getting pure recordings . 
  as long as it sounds good , it 's right . 
  [ here 's what i see when i tap and hold on your comment in landscape ] ( http://i.imgur.com/llfnnuq.jpg ) . 
  i 'm also not able to rotate to portrait until i exit the context menu . 
  hmm ... 
  i could have sworn it did n't use to !, 
  my bad , that does work . 
  share sheets still disappear unfortunately . 
  do it , runs better than 8 as far as i remember . 
  recently restored due to glitching of app updates , ca n't think of anything negative performance-wise . 
  whoa . 
  you might have just changed my life . 
  wonder how a p4 would have reacted , if at all . 
  triggered . 
  touching . 
  [ also a painting by da vinci ] ( https://anguscarroll.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/adoration-of-the-magi-da-vinci-copy-by-david-jean.jpeg ), 
  [ this lyrics breakdown video is crazy ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=epzfiyhp-za ), 
  the knick featured this method . 
   despite the improvements in the chemotherapy of echinococcosis with benzimidazole derivatives , complete elimination of the parasitic mass can not be achieved in most infected patients, 
  they do n't want you to answer straight . 
  the trick is to keep pushing until it starts feeling good again , then it starts to feel great . 
  work at it . 
  it 's always tough in the beginning , but remember you have good intentions . 
  nothing wrong with asking for permission . 
  perhaps start with people walking dogs ? 
  relentless nipple pinching ( hers ) while having sex . 
  went with it , kinda became a chore . 
  relationship did n't last too long . 
  walking dead, 
  big bang theory, 
  agents of shield, 
  community, 
  parks and rec, 
  agent x, 
  learn , travel , live for 3 centuries . 
  you do n't know what you do n't know , go and find new horizons through people , places and books . 
  i do n't always whip out my dick and piss on people in public ... 
  you might have a damaged battery due to the cold depleting lithium cells . 
  if restoring does n't fix the issue , take it to repairs . 
  quite the assumption . 
  we talked about it , and it was n't a dealbreaker . 
  we still see now and then as friends , there just was n't enough chemistry to keep the flame going . 
  if anything it 's made me pinch nipples more during sex  however with her it was basically if i was n't pinching then her enjoyment was always , regardless of all else , not as high as it could be . 
  did n't want any clamp-related aides jumping in on the action either . 
  hard to focus on my enjoyment or the act itself when i 'm constantly thinking if i 'm pinching or not and how hard . 
  great stuff , thanks !, 
  should be made even worse by more bad us decisions to really ramp it up . 
  stricter drug laws and more free trade agreements should do the trick . 
  help hinder their economy further and make illegal activities even more profitable . 
  thats always been there with the prev . 
  connector . 
  ridge forrester ? 
  tried it , really shitty and has n't been updated in ages . 
  super basic and not worth trying imo . 
  first episodes were great , but i felt the season lost focus and became comical in its setups ( guys standing around , ninja this and that fluctuating between bows and smgs ) , the hand was a weak antagonist group ... punisher story was awesome until the anticlimactic ending episode . 
  the fighting became repetitive and a weak way of moving the plot forward , totally lost interest and finished the season with spite . 
  will not watch another season if it 's ever made . 
  raise shadows . 
  if wildlife is your focus , go bigger on zooms , your 24-105 will do for general photography . 
  wildlife does n't come close to humans , so unless you want a dot in your photos to be your focal point i suggest even something like the [ tamron 150-600mm f/5 .6 -6.3 ] ( http://www.amateurphotographer.co.uk/reviews/lenses/tamron-sp-150-600mm-f5-6-3-vc-usd-review ) . 
  it wont make you a superstar photographer . 
  you need to learn to use the apps , does not include a magic button . 
  rest assured , the world had never been less broken than it is today and never more aware of the fact that brokenness exists . 
  pessimists are alone , optimists are two people shy of a threesome , 
  assuming we do n't have new space transit capabilities in the next 75 years . 
  such a powerhouse episode , definite top 3 this season . 
  edit : my bad , pretty sure that 's verdana . 
  i think you should consciously create a brand identity , not just throw something together . 
  what differentiates them from other gaming companies ? 
  if the company was a person , what kind of personality would it have ? 
  myriad pro is the default illustrator font . 
  this just looks lazy , even the kerning seems inconsistent . 
  in other words , learn more about brand theory , typography and logo design . 
  start with establishing a conceptual identity for the brand , use that to sketch ideas of its visual presence , and only then go to the computer . 
  make it work in black and white and in tiny sizes , then scale up and add color .
