  the site thoroughly lists its sources for its claims and is very clear imo . 
  * `` might as well write something now that i 'm here '' *, 
  guy was backing up and acting very submissive , notice they do n't really charge until he keeps backing up to them walking up . 
  i understand he does n't want to hurt or get hurt , but he could have been more assertive . 
  yeah if you could not post more `` videos '' that 'd be great . 
  coffee ( started at 23 ) and running ( started at 20 ) . 
  niche market , expensive licensing and manufacturing costs . 
  it 's not writers that are the problem , it 's studio execs and producers too scared to take bets on originality that stifle the creativity of productions . 
  directors and writers fight for their art , but when millions that do n't belong to you are at stake , execs and producers usually get the last word . 
  key words : more inclined !, 
  i 'm handsome as fuck and care for equal rights and general equal treatment of everyone . 
  they presented the new dock in wwdc , talking about its glazed appearance . 
  if you watch the yosemite preview video iirc they pan out from the dock to show the whole desktop . 
  so new dock is definitely coming , but it 's no secret . 
  it 's an advertised change . 
  edit : [ it 's even the thumbnail for the official youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq7kqwbqeii ) and [ it 's featured prominently in the os x preview page ] ( https://www.apple.com/osx/preview/ ) . 
  literally said `` motherfucker '' the moment i read the title . 
  gj op , hope you find the owner , and if not , congrats on the purchase , 
  yes . 
  first time off the cuff . 
  you should exercise more . 
  also people avoiding debts went westward . 
   in july 1920 , carton de wiart was appointed an aide-de-camp ( adc ) to the king , and promoted to brevet colonel . 
  [ 25 ] he was active in august 1920 , when the red army were at the gates of warsaw . 
  while out on his observation train , he was attacked by a group of red cavalry , and fought them off with his revolver from the footplate of his train , at one point falling on the track and re-boarding quickly . 
  like an indiana jones movie . 
  these are survival movies , not suicide movies . 
  sorry is the man who would try telling this joke out loud to someone . 
  poor bunny tried to steal his secrets ... 
  fuck that !, 
  chess !, 
  not simple , but easy to start and keep advancing . 
  puzzles , live games . 
  dayum , that was crazy . 
  good luck with the car clean up !, 
  numbers 31:15, 
   `` have you zlet all the women live ? 
  16 behold , athese , bon balaam 's advice , caused the people of israel to act treacherously against the lord in the incident of peor , and so the plague came among the congregation of the lord . 
  17 now therefore , kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman who has known man by lying with him . 
  18 but all the young girls who have not known man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves . 
  we are all in your mind . 
  wake up already and let us go . 
  what ? 
  did you see the announcements in wwdc ? 
  cook runs a much tighter ship than jobs did . 
  carcassone, 
  galaxy on fire 2, 
  hell froze over ? 
  yeah , what repercussions could it have to go against your clients ? 
  dayum , # 12 is me , and i submitted that yesterday !, 
  the pace of the internet never ceases to amaze me . 
  i guess someone would fabricate something like this ? 
  my name on french girls is seeminglyporouslizardperson . 
  aperture was discontinued , not fcp nor logic . 
  i did read your post , i suppose i misunderstood what you meant by discontinued . 
  the old fcp code base dates back to the early 90s when apple bought the program from a third party , made it mac-only and continued building it to take full advantage of their quicktime codecs . 
  at some point they apparently decided to start over to create what they imagined as the next evolution of nle software , which became fcp x. i imagine that apple would say cornerstone fcp x features would have been impossible to build into the old version . 
  by the time that 's released , no one will own physical media anymore . 
  they being the team led by randy ubillos at apple . 
  just like logic and logic x ( albeit more radically ) , the big driver seemed to have been to streamline everything as much as possible , so definitely many old ui conventions had to go . 
  apple is notorious for moving forward and abandoning the past , the new quicktime x has to convert old qt files before they can be viewed ( ?!, 
  ) , logic x does n't natively support 32-bit plugins , etc. 
  imo if you need guarantee that software will work the same for a long time to come , i recommend premiere . 
  just in time is replacing just in case , and the world is a better place for it . 
   i mean , even microsoft has a longer support cycle for windows phone . 
  you mean like how they released windows phone 8 after a year and did n't offer upgrades to windows phone 7 users ? 
  tech moves forward at blazing speeds , but imo apple does a better job than others to provide users with updates and availability , i mean the app store has various versions to offer depending on the ios version the user tries to download with , on top of the fact that the iphone 4 , released in 2010 , still runs the latest ios version today . 
  compare that to e.g. 
  the samsung galaxy nexus ( released in 2011 as an official flagship android phone ) did n't receive the 4.4 kitkat update , nevermind the 2 . x androids that are still being sold . 
  what a life of a servant to a nation more concerned with its international oil suppliers ? 
  in finnish we call ' \u00e5 ' the ` swedish o ', 
  if by `` good movie '' you mean `` constant gore and death without cutting away '' , then yes , a + flick right there . 
  [ new survey says 3 times as many samsung users switch to iphone than the other way around ] ( http://www.imore.com/new-survey-shows-42-iphone-customers-upgraded-older-iphone-only-7-left-samsung ), 
  oh i watched the whole movie , but as far as survival stories go it did n't hold me in suspense and leave me feeling like i just watched something awesome . 
  but that 's just me , do n't spoil your day because someone has different taste in movies , 
  funny that the only thing that echoes todays world is the accessorized dog . 
  because it 's a comic strip that is influenced by life but does n't adhere to it . 
  or do you speak to deer as well ? 
  damn , that was 5 years ago ? 
  sorry , on mobile . 
  what 's with the bishop move ? 
  no protection , theres no benefit from this except imo the blunder when queen does n't take with the next move . 
  how is this a valid puzzle ? 
  ok , i am blind . 
  thank you . 
  no sound ? 
  must be the ghosts blocking your connection . 
  dude with the 5 it 's easy because the screen comes off immediately . 
  i 've replaced 4 and 4s screens and you had to disassemble them from the back . 
  i 'd say order the pentalobe screwdriver ( less than a dollar ) from dx.com or somewhere and brush it down if even a little bit . 
  to answer your question , markets ( competition ) drive prices down , which id fueled by demand . 
  love that building flicker at 1:24 , like the matrix was starting to fail around the awesome moves that guy was pulling . 
  nothing in life is free . 
  keep producing !, 
  good start . 
  try to make each cut count to advance your story . 
  i found this to be a tad boring and did n't get past the two minute mark . 
  also audio felt way flat . 
  what would motivate a stranger to watch this entire video ? 
  tell a story , get me to care .
