   large-scale scientific reviews have determined there 's no reason for people with normal blood pressure to restrict their sodium intake . 
  now , if you already have high blood pressure , you may be `` salt sensitive . '', 
  as a result , reducing the amount of salt you eat could be helpful . 
  edit : although fast food/microwave `` grub '' etc. 
  does have too much salt . 
  cook your own food and use as much salt as you want . 
   chomsky is an unrepetant liar and academic fraud, 
  i guess that 's why he 's one of the most renown thinkers of our time . 
  anyone supporting the illegality of drugs supports organized crime . 
  there 's no middle road on that one unfortunately . 
  the grin on my face from reading this is priceless . 
  what a fitting way to crystallize the difference between spiritual and religious experiences and scientific ones . 
  we should also note that this happened quite some time ago and the mental health profession has gone through several `` era 's '' since then . 
  but this was definitely an incident that not only put the spotlight on them , but also accelerated their leap towards mathematical models . 
  adam curtis ' * the trap * deals with this phenomenally . 
  holy shit , the new reflection eternal is out !, 
   i think the hardest part was telling all the girls who would have undoubtedly slept with me that it was n't true , but that at least i was n't in on it . 
  fool !, 
  for 16 you 're excused , but it really sounds like this :, 
   she had been having a good night with me , but then i remembered i actually do n't have a garage as it 's technically a storage room , so i apologized and excused myself . 
  never did understand the look on her face . 
  noooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  with cells my brain fucking stops . 
  hey brian , he - hey brian !, 
  get out of your basement more often . 
  it 's going to take a lot of work to get my jaw off the floor with this one . 
  wow !, 
  everyone can tell you how to do it but they never did it . 
  only two tracks i did n't feel on the entire album . 
  some songs blow me away . 
  definitely one of the best albums of 2010 so far . 
  that does n't merit you one bit to be a be-all and know-all to all styles . 
  if you ca n't see the game ferguson is playing then you 've got a long way to go , especially if you do n't consider the context of friggin ' hosting a late night talk show . 
  it 's late , i do n't know you , yada yada here 's some thoughts that relay what i 'm trying to say :, 
  there 's hardly one way of doing anything in this world , and worldviews get shattered one way or another in order to advance . 
  what you thought you knew a year ago pales in comparison to today . 
  the hardest thing for fish to see is water . 
  mastery seems effortless in action . 
  i dig [ x plastaz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiia2i29pz4 ) . 
  that 's what she said . 
  i 'm no expert , but my guess would be because their music is full of social commentary , bongo flava generally is more party party , 
  duh , imagine you 're saying it to your father then . 
  what do you want the portfolio to do ? 
  generate new work or just display your work and project details ? 
  how long does it take your friends/colleagues to accomplish tasks you want people to be able to do on your site ? 
  where are the sticking points ? 
  i 'd say your visual palette is decent , especially for a developer , but i 'm confused as it seems you 're merging a blog with your portfolio into one big page . 
  i 'm all for one-page layouts but you need to be super clear on what is for what , it took me a while to orientate to the organization of stuff and i 'm still not convinced i got the whole picture . 
  rock on though , keep at it !, 
  go hunt for the evidence and you 'll find a handful of people claiming to be experts who are rejected by their peers and have nothing to show for their theories except a few cherry-picked examples that omit huge facts that do n't conform with their `` theories '' . 
  i even listened to graham hancock for some time until i realized he made the mistake of never reading joseph campbell 's * the hero with a thousand faces * and make the same connection . 
  as ieattime said , familiarize yourself with occams razor . 
  there is no grand conspiracy , there 's just a bunch of monkeys doing their thing . 
  right . 
  but you do understand that your claimed first-hand experience of said artifacts does nothing for making this more legitimate , no ? 
  when there is something to show ( and yes i know about the starchild skull etc. 
  and i 'm not convinced ) , i 'll be there looking at it . 
  if these things are real , either the people who have them do n't know a thing about how to break a story or then the government , no sorry the * shadow * government , is so good at what it does we need to reconsider the term `` coincidence '' in history . 
  most likely , these things do not exist . 
  or am i simply to take your world for it ? 
  wtf does this perspective add to anyone 's reality ? 
  there 's more life than this ? 
  d'uh . 
  that the fabric of our society is run meticulously by extraterrestrial beings who have supernatural powers ? 
  right . 
  that really makes my life * fulfilling * and * more realistic * . 
  too much bs , not a drop of solid evidence . 
  i believe ( and science shows ) there is life outside of our planet , but nothing will come of this until there is something undeniable presented . 
  what artifacts are these , besides the starchild skull i mentioned ? 
  seriously , give me a run down . 
  lloyd pye is so full of it anyone with a basic knowledge of science can have a great laugh by watching a clip where he lays out reasons humans are not primates . 
  the video has been removed probably because of the laugh it gave ( [ here 's a site that had it ] ( http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread486402/pg1 ) ) . 
  [ here 's discussion i quickly found googling ] ( http://www.museumofhoaxes.com/hoax/forum/forum_comments/1960/ ) that talks what little a person can of the claims mr. pye puts forth of his amazing and mystical skull . 
  you do realize that your beliefs require a shadow government , as anything federal can be followed with a paper trail , right ? 
  you 'd have to have quite the system to cover this kind of stuff . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  no evidence , not real . 
  you can believe anything you want , but the moment you claim you 're right about something , you better have something more to demonstrate it than memories of what you saw with your father when you were younger . 
  and sorry if i come off condescending , i 'm not a master at expressing myself through reddit discussion . 
  are saliva and scat considered sexual fluids ? 
  right after getting sunburn , i apply cheap hand cream onto the burnt areas and sleep with a t-shirt , after every shower etc. 
  i do the same thing . 
  redness goes away gradually for two days , then all is fine . 
  no skin peeling , etc. 
  this might work too . 
  obvious , you could have oral or anal sex and not transmit sexual fluids , 
  if you want a good sample of answers from the `` girls of reddit '' you should post in askreddit , not seduction , 
  laziness can be a result of fear , even fear of success . 
  i 'm living proof , 
  did the dog end up walking up and looking at you longingly during long windy nights ? 
  sure thing . 
  you can even keep this one as well and compare responses . 
  demographics ftw !, 
  [ contrail facts ] ( http://www.af.mil/shared/media/document/afd-051013-001.pdf ) by the usaf . 
  explains the phenomenon and is not contradicted by any accepted evidence . 
  [ more on the wiki references section ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemtrail_conspiracy_theory#references ), 
  no , i think my one came first , 
  not to mention bonobo 's have been witnessed to spontaneously start drawing the shapes/signs onto the floor/into the sand when they want to communicate with their trainers . 
  but yes , limited success in relation to advanced linguistic capabilities . 
  wtf !,
