  may i present [ bodyrock tv ] ( http://www.bodyrock.tv ) . 
  best home workouts online right now imo . 
  what hands-on review ? 
  whoa . 
  first !, 
  [ here is my top rated playlist ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/?51fun0wdljurhoq ) , a pdf showing my top rated music ( 12 days ) that 's 54 pages in length . 
  enjoy my suggestions , 
  you do n't look for acid !, 
  acid finds you when * it * thinks you 're ready . 
  it aired in finland when i was growing up , 
  bah , you could only rob single banks . 
  start a bank and rob everybody !, 
  so would standing 8 hrs a day ( w pauses ) instead of sitting while working at your computer be a better option ? 
  it 's helped save a couple bass notes on a friends one track recording , the problem is that it clumps a lot of things together sometimes . 
  for example , with this bass recording it coupled some of the lower harmonics of the singing into the same `` note '' and thus you 'd get artifacts quite fast if you pitch-shifted more than a few notes . 
  other problem is that you have to be very precise in the in and out points if you only want to use it for parts of the performance , a clear transition is audible ( with the absence of some sound between the in and out points ) , so either transfer the whole take ( huge memory hog ) , find clear in and out points ( aka silence ) or then bounce the corrected part and cut it in with another track without any inserts . 
  no idea how it works , it 's magic . 
  unless you 're cloudkicker it 's kinda hard to say what 's going on in the mix , 
  upvote to you , too obvious for my brain : /, 
  but the research seems to say that chair-sitting is the silent killer , so if you 're standing and feeling the hurt , that i suppose is better ? 
  in short , it 's impossible to create such an app for the iphone unless you distribute it for a jailbroken iphone via cydia or something , and even then i ca n't imagine it 's possible to do something as powerful . 
  it 's never too late . 
  do it and enjoy the struggles . 
  give it everything you have . 
  i thought approximately meant exactly . 
  whoa , that 's an awesome costume !, 
  that was shitty constructive . 
  this film totally surprised me . 
  i thought i 'd be in for a comedy flick but instead i was in awe of what i saw , how the film grew from its premise , the way it unfolds is really fresh , it 's like they had their idea and ran with it . 
  one of my favorite comic book screen adaptions . 
  no step up , keep the sauce steady . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  a painter never complains about his brushes and colors . 
  end result is what matters , master a tool and make it express your vision . 
  i bought a blue yeti for 140e , have n't looked back since . 
  3 receivers , 4 modes , stellar quality . 
  i recommend , 
  [ dancing drums ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlu9w3tagec ) , ananda shankar . 
   if this were a philosophy paper , you 'd get low marks for defining away the question . 
  yes , definitions are the enemy of philosophy ... 
  cut off your balls . 
  testosterone is the leading cause of baldness . 
  yes , but discussing the pros and cons and how to 's is a bit different than `` oh i need no . 
  35 van gogh brown in order to paint that scenery '', 
  this is about * food * and * groceries * , not trash and take-away . 
  sennheiser 's lineup is impressive , i have n't bought a pair i did n't like . 
  do n't cost an arm and a leg either . 
  i have the hd 205 's right now that were like 30e or so when i bought them . 
  i 'd definitely make my wife pee her pants in a film with clive owen . 
  that bass line sounds very similar to seven nation army ... 
  damn , did n't expect to see a giraffe being dissected . 
  bothered me more than seeing a human . 
  the 3 minute limit for the competition put huge constraints on the vision we created . 
  did n't help that we realized it after principal photography :d, 
  see [ sony raymodeler , a 360-degree autostereoscopic display prototype ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bfkc-nkrfw&amp;feature=share ) . 
  they should get together . 
  fa-fa-fine !, 
  lol :d til . 
  forever alone * trollface *, 
  blunders ? 
  did the author of this article ever hear of kuhn or his book ? 
  at any point during the history of science every century brought about a whole new way of seeing what the `` big picture '' is and what science really is . 
  the article is lacking a real point , it does n't describe nearly anything . 
  so what does calling them blunders give to the article ? 
  how come these are the top 10 ? 
  what exactly were the blunders ? 
  the article poorly presents what it talks about and does nothing with itself . 
  what 's the point of this `` article '' ? 
  man has never gone to such lengths to rob a girlfriend from another m. . . 
  nevermind . 
  i play out hypotheticals in my mind all the time . 
  have perfect timing too . 
  23 year-old russian-finnish who studied in english all his life . 
  now doing my best to start my website where i 'll present tutorials and information to the masses as well as getting my album and mixtape done . 
  flu not helping . 
  try submitting a sample to shazam , otherwise / r/tipofmytongue could probably help . 
  not in the way you mean it , but * irreversible * . 
  also i 'm sure * a serbian film * would have a similar impact , but i 'm not going there . 
  please let us know how you feel about things after watching . 
  that was amazing . 
  ca n't believe how far we 've come , such things are so much more straightforward to pull off nowadays . 
  only need ae and a dslr . 
  one thing you still need is skill and talent , although that 's becoming less important by the day ... 
  i think it shows a normalized view of the wave and the post-recording wave is what 's actually there . 
  there 's that small wave icon in the bottom-right that enables you to see the waves larger . 
  i think it 's a logic thing , but i would n't be worried . 
  just get a clear signal and record it , inserts will get you to the finish line . 
  who needs the movie ? 
  let 's just edit the clips of the trailers together and we have most of the movie !, 
  is someone really watching all of these ? 
  what a let-down the movie will be :p, 
  it 's quite hard to tell them apart , according to the cdc the only real way of telling is by doing tests . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not more specific but i 'm unable to . 
  however , thank you very much for your comment . 
  does showering help the immune system or make it harder ? 
  i 'd imagine weightlifting could be beneficial whereas aerobic exercises such as running would make it harder to recover . 
  thanks a lot for your response , it cleared things up somewhat for me . 
  unfortunately that does n't include my sinuses , 
  prove it . 
  motives are a bit qwacky , as if bush and cheney got into what they 're doing to rape , pillage and make money and `` shield '' the banksters .
