  perhaps if you have a connection with xcode or something , through mac . 
  on mobile but judging from loading times [ this seems to be it ] ( http://www.indusvalley.edu.pk/library/e%20books/the%20animator's%20survival%20kit.pdf ), 
  hmm , so it seems to be . 
  my bad !, 
  durr ... 
  i remember checking there but i suppose it was for a video that was n't slo mo. 
  thanks !, 
  perhaps ( since i heard they worked on the usb-c standard quite a fair bit ) apple could create a flexible port that was compatible with both ? 
  who knows . 
  apple does have a tendency of ditching old ports cold turkey , and they make a lot of money from the mfi licensing program . 
  thanks for helping clear my nose , 
  i never understood autocorrect . 
  give me suggestions and show spelling errors with a red underline , do n't change the actual words for me !, 
  why not just hold onto cmd + r to boot into the recovery disk ? 
  or is this more for specific situations , like downgrading etc ? 
  wish id get a troll so i could troll back . 
  everyone has been silent or respectful so far in my experience . 
  we 're mostly all aware of this . 
  so what would you want to talk about ? 
  one of john oliver 's [ last field reports for the daily show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvuspksjfga ) concerned itself with gun control and how australia dealt with it . 
  you might find that interesting . 
  im not a big fan of the iphone version either . 
  a step backward indeed . 
  website . 
  was promoted here a few days ago . 
  google is your friend . 
  ** edit : ** [ here 's the link to the instructions , apparently you have to build the app and run it on your phone to find out ] ( http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/09/30/how-to-check-if-you-have-a-samsung-or-tsmc-a9-processor-inside-of-your-iphone-6s/ ) . 
  os splinters ? 
  two environments for content creation and consumption ( ios and os x ) , two for consumption ( watchos and tvos ) . 
  it 's exciting to see what ms is doing , but i think you 're bending the points by painting a picture that apple is behind because they have a specific nubmering scheme for os x. 
   different os splinters that all need to figure out how to talk to each other properly . 
  sure , airdrop needs work , but how are those lacking in relation to ms ' offering ? 
  please do , what are the problems you see with the iphone ? 
  lack of customization ? 
  i 'd say out of the three platforms ( wp , ios , android ) it 's the best overall package : biggest app selection , great security , steady updates , fast and no real bloatware ( besides stock apps that placed away in their own folder ) . 
  time is money . 
  did it , no regrets . 
  amazing machine , 
  dgpu on the $ 1500 model is pretty lackluster in specs compared to the rmbp in the same price range . 
  they can include a legacy compatibility mode to read and edit previous versions , but create a new system for the rebooted office . 
  [ there was a lot of discussion in 2013 about this from all over ] ( https://www.google.fi/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=criminals%20cutting%20fingers%20touchid%20apple ), 
  seemed like an evolution of the old silhouette ipod ads mixed with a 60 's / 70 's color palette , i like 'em . 
  rather have customers inconvenienced by a new format than stripping away functionality that some people rely on . 
  edit : to be even more clear : my suggestion is to have new functions with the rebooted office with its own format ( . word ? 
  ) , have compatibility for the older formats ( . doc and . docx ) . 
  why the confusion ? 
  you 're pretty vague with your `` problems '' but of course , no platform is a one-size-suites-all , but if you 're going to shoot down any platform it helps to enumerate its faults , rather than just saying it 's somehow bad . 
  that 's what i said . . ? 
  you know that 's not normal behaviour . 
  most sw issues are solved by restoring the phone , which is a couple button presses to format and bring back everything ( state included ) from an encrypted itunes or icloud backup . 
  makeup to make bradley cooper look older combined with a shallow depth of field . 
  hey , just a plug that the finnish meteorological institute [ ( fmi ) ] ( http://en.ilmatieteenlaitos.fi/open-data-manual ) offers open data access with a free api key . 
  hope to see you guys expand soon !, 
  did you ever contact apple or take your device to a genius bar ? 
  they have pretty good customer support , especially if you live in a place with an official apple store , many times they swap out faulty hardware on the spot , no questions asked . 
  even here in finland where there 's no apple store , i got my ipad replaced because the camera stopped working 10 months in and a new iphone because the front camera was cosmetically misaligned , even though it functioned perfectly , all through an authorized repair shop . 
  just saying , another benefit imo . 
  in any case , it 's a shame you had that issue . 
  it 's not a common experience , but for those who do experience it usually [ signing out and back in ] ( http://www.imore.com/ios-help-how-fix-repeat-icloud-sign-requests-iphone-and-ipad ) does the trick . 
  for those who ca n't get it fixed , usually contacting apple in some form resolves the issue . 
  my 6 has disabled hey siri by itself , removed some messaging apps ( like whatsapp ) by itseld , and one of my home screen folders keeps showing the second page . 
  might do a restore . 
  i 'd rather have my conputer lost than all my data compromised . 
  a few hundred for insurance vs. identity theft and losing clients . 
  edit : yes , i have undercover for better tracking abilities , yes i have a firmware password and a guest account to help my chances . 
  i was specifically replying to the guy above me who said you have to be careful not to lock it down too much . 
  i 'd rather lose the computer than allow my data to be exposed , both of which are possible to accomplish without losing the other , i was just saying . 
  make a black & white version that works in small size , then make the color version . 
  hey look , it 's greenscreen !, 
  at the bottom of those emails is an unsubscribe link . 
  unwanted email , aka spam , is illegal . 
  lose all her days ? 
  encrypted itunes backup and restore will be relatively quick and have everything back the way it was . 
  proper businesses do not spam . 
  you can report companies that spam to eu and us authorities , thus those who spam are shady and not in these jurisdictions . 
  so if you sign up for e.g. 
  adobe or the verge mailing lists/newsletters , it 's easy to opt out . 
  hey , that 's how i dry my laundry !, 
  everything i own is multipurpose :d, 
   even compared to the retina screen on the current $ 2,500 dedicated display , the new ones are improved , he says . 
  `` we 've given these a wider color gamut . 
  when is the cinema display going to see an update ? 
  i bought my 5k imac specced out in beginning of the summer and it 's been performing great for 4k video editing and 1080p motion graphics , lightroom handles raw like a champ and have n't had any heating problems . 
  sure the fan kicks in when i push it but its pretty quiet even at full speed . 
  shame i cant change up now , business leasing deal grr , 
  i have the m295x , no problems so far . 
  how about not making your phone vulnerable to security attacks ? 
  wheres the app download link ? 
  should be clear to see if visited with mobile device . 
  mural song is latest and greatest . 
  check his food & liquor album , the cool is a concept album with some great tracks ( check put you on game ) . 
  one of the greatest lyricists of all time imo . 
  i had twitter and whatsapp disappear by themselves . 
  when i went to redownload them it switched me to the updates page where it had the download progress wheel . 
  also one of my folders on my first home screen randomly shows the second page . 
  get that meeting . 
  not normal . 
  delete preference and cache files . 
  iphone 6 , feels smoother when going in and out of apps . 
  oh , and news app appeared !,
