  how about a small strip in front of the ventilation hole/area that prevents dust etc. 
  from entering ? 
  that would take a while to need replacement , no ? 
  how about a small strip in front of the ventilation hole/area that prevents dust etc. 
  from entering ? 
  that would take a while to need replacement , no ? 
  what 's your most beautiful memory ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i 'd say it 's either a galaxy ( which seems more likely ) or star-birthing clouds . 
  they exist within galaxies and birth stars . 
  the correct term is [ nebula ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nebula ) . 
  history channel can not be relied on for anything except brainless entertainment nowadays . 
  improbably catches ? 
  fits right in . 
  or badass . 
  so where are your tracks at ? 
  i had the exact same thing with one of my exes , it hurt even if we did n't use condoms/lube . 
  we saw many doctors but none of them could help . 
  best you can do is to ride it out , stopping before the pain starts hurting , seeing what it 's like afterward , and resuming if it 's ok . be there for her and hope it goes away . 
  i have no fucking clue what it is , perhaps it is a mental thing manifesting itself , who knows ? 
  i mean it 's definitely real pain and real inflammation , but perhaps it 's to do with their subconscious and childhood merging with their more adult , sexually-active self . 
  it goes away in time , but that might be a year or more . 
  keep fucking . 
  it 's an evolutionary thing , women look for men who can make them laugh . 
  * he * works for it , not the woman . 
  from an evolutionary perspective , that is . 
  is n't it against muslim tradition to have gravestones ? 
  from what i 've read over half of the bleach has dissipated from the bottle by the time you buy it . 
  the thumbprint of god, 
  it leaks through the plastic . 
  hot shit . 
  i ` maboutta throw your ass outta here, 
  judging by the username ... 
  finland gets its ass kicked every time when it comes down to it . 
  they 're still remembering '95 ( i think ? ), 
  when they had their moment , oddly enough chanting * den glider in * or something similar ( that 's swedish btw ) . 
  great playing though , shame there 's been so few next-gen selanne or koivu 's . 
  wow , that was so american . 
  ad revenue works to an extent . 
  do n't worry , it 's good for the baby 's immune system . 
  whoa , that 's a picture of life . 
  meh , i 'm enjoying louie much more than lucky louie , that felt so staged ( hmm , i wonder if that 's because it 's all on a sound stage ? 
  ) , whereas louie has a feel of realism to it that 's quite rare to find in other shows . 
  they 're on tv . 
  shit , i only watch mad men and louie atm . 
  tv is balls . 
  do n't let limiting beliefs sabotage yourself . 
  you are the alpha , the world is your oyster . 
  why would social conventions ever stop you from doing what you want ? 
  only afterwards will you be able to really know if it 's something you 'd want to do again . 
  even then , a couple more times for science ca n't hurt , 
  i mostly hunt for proper movies , otherwise i just watch random shit i come across or documentaries/lectures . 
  even 6 % seems overblown for me . 
  like , one thing led to another ? 
  whoa !, 
  current us foreign policy is making sure the growth is exponential but still i have a hard time imagining that the world has even 1 million * real * muslim terrorists . 
  ifitness is the shit . 
  and btw , i 'd recommend focusing more on barbell/free weights exercises then straining your joints with those isolation machines . 
  for sure , ifitness has an amazing list of exercises you can access by muscle , area , machine , etc. 
  probably a small punch on the shoulder , 
  go refurbished . 
  i 'd even recommend checking ebay with sellers that have a lot of positive feedback . 
  applecare will be less than a 100 , it 's a much more frugal choice . 
  in the end if there 's any issues , and you can ask for the serial number in advance and make sure it 's not stolen , you can always get apple repairs no matter where you are . 
  i saved over $ 500 on my macbook pro when i bought it with applecare , it was the latest edition at that time . 
  i had to take it to repairs due to a faulty logic board but the repairs were fast and i did n't have to pay anything . 
  i do miss my 24 '' imac though ... 
  [ nowadays in ohio it 's enough for a cop to judge that they were speeding to be able to give a ticket . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/travel/media/ohio-cops-radar-gun-ticket-drivers/story?id=10815868 ), 
  weird usa ... 
  jay-z 's verses do n't feel like they fit in , i love the fact they fuck around with the beat so much , it 's a real remix , 
  thanks !, 
  i appreciate going through the effort of actually going into my post history and finding that and then giving me a program that does what i asked for . 
  from now on i shall always link what i refer to as `` my previous post '' . 
  i am indebted to you , kind sir . 
  automator already has a built-in script to batch rename filenames , i was looking for changing text inside files . 
  [ textwrangler ] ( http://www.barebones.com/products/textwrangler/ ) does the job , found it via my [ other posting ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/d3hxv/anyone_have_a_find_replace_script_for_automator/ ) of the same issue . 
  operating systems should n't require their users to learn terminal commands in order to get such tasks done . 
  would work but i 'm dealing with multiple files , so textwrangler came quite in handy , 
  thanks for the advice though !, 
  this is n't about gender equality , this is about imposing yourself on other peoples . 
  there is nothing moral about trying to coerce people into your way of living , no matter how justifiable . 
  if your way of life is so much better you would n't have to use force to impose it . 
  and as said , this war is n't about morals . 
  good job !, 
  next time , try to be more articulate with the fr , as in who is saying what to who exactly , this is a bit muddy at parts , hard to say wtf is going on . 
  where are the comparisons ? 
  all i see is iphone photos ... 
  what happened three years ago ? 
  how did some of your boyfriends take it too far ? 
  are you happy with your condition ? 
  this is n't a couple of rotten apples , people die because of these actions . 
  perhaps when it hits you you 'll scream for reforms and change . 
  look at the nature of the stories told in this thread and look at your comments , you just come off as an asshole yourself . 
  this is n't about hating cops , it 's about hating the fact that the way things are run makes fertile ground for misuse of power that breeds/embraces police who act like they 're above the system . 
   they had the medal in sight, 
  poor choice of words . 
  [ mirror ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmivihtvnxa ) ( i believe ), 
  we need more quality content . 
  maddox might be fighting the good fight , but i 'm not digging the video .
