  place it in a cool place ( outside/in the entrance hallway if you 're in scandinavia , refrigerator if you 're in a warm place ) overnight and it 'll be ready in the morning . 
  use a knife to cut away the sides from being attached to the cake pan before removing . 
  use extreme caution when removing the cake from the pan . 
  enjoy !, 
  kinda , in finnish it 's * rahka * and quite popular as a snack even by itself over here . 
  it 's more quark actually :, 
  quark is a type of fresh cheese , also known as tvorog ( from the russian \u0442\u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0433 ) , topfen ( from the austrian name ) , biezpiens ( from latvian ) , and var\u0161k\u0117 ( from lithuanian ) . 
  it is made by warming soured milk until the desired degree of denaturation of milk proteins is met , and then strained . 
  dictionaries usually translate it as curd cheese or cottage cheese , although most commercial varieties of cottage cheese are made with rennet , whereas traditional quark is not . 
  it is soft , white and unaged , similar to some types of fromage frais, 
  [ yes , because it 's not like they do n't have programs ] ( http://www.invisiblechildren.com/programs.html ) in place already doing this . 
  if ic is merely a cover for covert us action , they sure went the long route . 
  how old are you ? 
  it 's a documented phenomenon that as we age the . 
  frequencies we pick up change , which is why some places have even implemented `` youth repellent '' sonic devices that adolescents find annoying but is unheard by older people . 
  try to get it repaired/switched for free ? 
  say that it should be compliant and turn itself off before something like this happens . 
  i produce music and work with sound a fair deal , i 'm no audio engineer or scientist but dampening/boosting certain frequencies ( e.g. 
  multi-band eq ) can change the sonic character of the entire sound a fair deal . 
  but regardless of the reason i 'm sure it was a weird feeling when you noticed something so commonplace had changed . 
  remove enough mid and high frequencies from an instrument and anything becomes a bass , 
  right , road blocks and sanctions have no effect on palestinians . 
  that 's why decriminalization is n't the solution , we need to regulate it and tax it like tobacco for example . 
  nothing gets better by living in the shadows , the only shadiness weed has ever had was due to propaganda and its ( recent ) illicit status . 
  only used mine for a week , then again i take a lot of photos . 
  did n't like it at all ultimately . 
  i think it 's a great thing christianity has nothing to do with the bible , i 'd imagine even more violence and hatred . 
  yes , historically the bible has been a tool for peace . 
  the only `` evidence '' for your view is cherry-picked passages and the `` it has so much potential if only applied right '' argument . 
  i hope one day you 'll see we will all be better off without religion . 
  * drops mic, 
  for future reference :, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grid_ ( page_layout ), 
  say yes ? 
  what 's the worst that could happen , not enjoy the situation ? 
  as warm_bagels says , be open to new experiences . 
  look up local couchsurfing events , go volunteer somewhere . 
  and do n't be afraid to seek counsel from a professional if you feel it 's out of your grasp . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  thank you . 
  where do you think apple gets its displays ? 
  hey op , you forgot about russia 's glonass navigation system . 
  except large doses of cannabis oil extract !, 
  kinda funny how each point he makes of why it wo n't succeed seem to imply exactly * why * it succeeded . 
  for example :, 
   certainly , it looks like a nice piece of equipment . 
  the iphone combines apple 's ipod music and video player with a mobile phone as well as having wireless internet access for e-mail . 
  instead of lugging around a phone for making calls , an mp3 player for listening to music , and a blackberry for checking your e - mail , you can do all three on one device . 
  even better , you only need one charger . 
  then, 
   first , apple is late to this party . 
  the company did n't invent the personal computer or mp3 player , but it was among the pioneers of both products, 
  analyst fail !, 
  [ hiring ] , not [ fore hire ] . 
  the `` hate cracked '' principle . 
   repeated fbi raids ended the millbrook era . 
  regarding a 1966 raid by g. gordon liddy , leary told author and prankster paul krassner : `` he was a government agent entering our bedroom at midnight . 
  we had every right to shoot him . 
  but i 've never owned a weapon in my life . 
  i have never had and never will have a gun around . '', 
  what they are trying to do is to commit fraud , embezzlement seems appropriate . 
  let them know that you will not stand for this and that you demand full accounting . 
  make copies of everything you can before and let them know about this . 
  inform * some * legal entity , whether a lawyer , notary or detective . 
  let them know you 've told and remind them that this is a business venture , not a conspiracy , and playing open is the only right way to go about this . 
  may i present a dear friend , mr. alcohol . 
  he has many stories but cant quite recall any of them with sufficient accuracy but he sure is fun !, 
  link to the full performance ? 
  coincidence or not , your name means `` boss '' in finnish , 
  i do n't know why i 'm surprised such a site exists . 
  he said do n't distribute !!!, 
  [ * ] thanks, 
  aaah !, 
  i had this procedure done to me when i was pre-teen , i thought `` no worries , how bad could it be ? 
  i should know what it looked like , my toe turned out fine . '', 
  holy shit it 's terrible !, 
  description : you see 2/3 's of the fucking toe removed . 
  recommendation : do n't watch . 
  trust me , you 'd notice . 
  they 're fine . 
  i had it on both big toes and endured with them for over a year , terrible since i was an active kid . 
  they operated one foot and the next year the other , i ca n't quite remember but i think it had something to do with lowering the chance of infection and relapse . 
  an odd thing is that on one of the toes a small side-nail appeared and has stayed ever since , i cut it every now and then . 
  it grows vertically but causes me no pain . 
  not sure , the operation was between '97 and ' 99 , so it might have been this treatment . 
  had the same vaseline gauze etc. 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  * shudder *, 
  first of all , props on the awesome progress !, 
  have you tried lowering the weight and increasing the reps to around 10 ? 
  also , rippertoe has [ this awesome way of explaining a lying barbell triceps extension tutorial ] ( http://vimeo.com/25983467 ) that took my triceps to a whole new level . 
  fluxing he reps is a great way to get past plateaus , think in terms of total weight lifted . 
  150x5x5 = 3,750, 
  110x5x10 = 5,500, 
  i recommend giving it a try . 
  either way , keep up the great work !, 
  yes except when you look at the official lyrics or official video it 's quite clearly spelled out as cray . 
  thanks for playing though !, 
  figure out the essence of what you 're enabling people to do and make it big and simple , as close to a 3-click process as possible . 
  think idvd where burning a dvd of movies involved dragging movie files into a box and pressing ` burn ' .
