  here 's three articles to check out :, 
  remember that ideally your website would be one big button that would magically know what the user wanted to do . 
  the closer it comes to that while still giving advanced access to those who want it is ideal . 
  for example , try creating analytics that allow you to see what are the top 3 ways people use your site , or 3 use cases you want to aim for . 
  create a simple 1-2-3 procedure to upload the media in that way and allow customization options as a slider that opens on request . 
  try to see if these 3 use cases actually can be made into 1 . 
  try [ a/b testing ] ( http://www.google.fi/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0ce0qfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.smashingmagazine.com%2f2010%2f06%2f24%2fthe-ultimate-guide-to-a-b-testing%2f&amp;ei=okmzt-ngk6xg4qtju6dfbg&amp;usg=afqjcneecl3hhkynke8sj1rkyzp0jgligq ) . 
  ama . 
  i think the last photo was the sexiest . 
  forget the haters !, 
  i give fines for crimes like mine , replying to trolls with limes as rhymes . 
  listen , sex is n't such a big thing . 
  it 's the most natural thing you could think of . 
  prostitutes are a fact of life . 
  you chose those experiences , there must be a reason why . 
  i think you not wanting to face yourself eye to eye with what 's inside of you and what your issues are that are calling for help , not the fact that you were with prostitutes . 
  you wo n't see them again and your experience to them was 99.9 % likely of no significance . 
  the way you 're speaking about the whole thing degrades them as women , so tell that to the feminist inside you . 
  get over yourself , stop bitching and maybe volunteer at a shelter or something if you really feel you 've wronged the earth so much . 
  do good , that 's always a smart thing . 
  but it sounds to me like you need to do some inner thinking and perhaps learn a thing or two about being human . 
  your shame is not because of what you did , your shame is because you feel bad about being you . 
  love yourself first before you ask it from anyone else . 
  potential girlfriends wo n't freak about the prostitutes , they 'll freak out about you . 
  he 's doing his thing , if you know what i mean . 
  pm me an email and ill send you a comprehensive list of tutorials tomorrow . 
  i recommend reading chapter 16 ( or it was ch16 in logic 7 ) on sound synthesis and tweakheadz.com, 
  clipping is when sound goes beyond +0.0 , going in the red means its close and not necessarily a bad thing ( e.g. 
  amazing answer . 
  [ best of 'd ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/t310o/kleinbl00_explains_the_importance_of_information/ ) . 
  or was it to harm bears ? 
  damn , submitted it before me , 
  hot damn !, 
  look at subreddit header image , notice some shots are posed . 
  for me it 's random because it 's between all the news and other reddit goodness , 
  i heard this song for the first time on the radio yesterday . 
  i 'm actually glad to hear others have heard this already , i just figured since last time it was submitted to / r/music it only got 58 upvotes that maybe this could find a larger audience . 
  so is physics , what 's your point ? 
  blue yeti r0x0rs my s0x0rs . 
  i have the yeti , i did n't even know they made a yeti pro . 
  i think the only difference is the xlr input , so you do n't need the pro version . 
  i 've used the yeti for three years for nearly all of my audio recording and it 's served me more than well in a wide range of settings , from parks to small echoey rooms . 
  i kept waiting for the drums to come in , latest time would be in 1:10 imo , would really take it up a notch . 
  you have a build up but it does n't go anywhere or give any reward , which really frustrated me as a listener , 
  ah , my bad . 
  in the spirit of this subreddit i should make drums and post them ? 
  i kinda thought this was also for constructive criticism , but yeah i realize now your track is a stem to be built upon . 
  my bad , 
  if you are about to buy a new car , buy the car they used as the show car before . 
  this will give you a car that has 1,000 km on it ( engine working well ) , checked for faukts , and nice accessories for the same price , if not cheaper , than a stock car . 
  reminds me of spider man comics where that one guy would turn half lizard . 
  if you can not relate to what he 's conveying then you most likely have not tried to creatively express yourself or spiritually find yourself . 
  or then you get what he 's saying but have incredibly unrealistic standards . 
  either way , he 's friggin 17 in that video and more articulately passionate than most will ever be . 
   `` we do n't know how far back it goes , not without a time machine . 
  cavemen and human ancestors -- we do n't know whether they clapped hands or not . 
  but you do n't find primates doing it unless they 've been taught to do it . 
  they do clap hands in the wild . 
  it 's not to applaud something ; it 's because they 're frightened or want to call attention to food . '', 
  does it ever reset ( reboot , os upgrade , restore ) ? 
  friend eh ? 
  then why are you trying to steal his food ? 
  - everything i 'm good at , i taught myself . 
  - i spent two years in foreign countries learning about business and the world . 
  - quit smoking , 144 days now bitches !, 
  - exercising 3 times a week no matter what ( fitocracy ftw ! ), 
  - working on my solo projects , living in my own home , master of my own destiny . 
  wish i could brag about finding my soulmate , but that 's still in the works , 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  replaced the div with an a but i 'm facing the exact same problem . 
  thanks for trying to help though , this is boggling my mind ... 
  does n't have any effect . 
  it 's basically an image and some text ( that used to have h3 tags for seo , but now it 's without formatting ) . 
  i gave up and used position : relative and jumped them up a line . 
  the problem is that there comes a p for no reason whatsoever between the elements within each a , which are 100 % width that cause a line break between each block ... 
  again , thanks . 
  if you 'd happen to know some tutorial to read up on this type of stuff please let me know . 
  for me , the tour-de-force perfoance makes up for what little faults there might lie with a closer inspection of the technical aspects of the poem . 
  i think you 're way off mark and dry with your brief analysis and ai beg you not to continue , to me its honestly depressing . 
  let 's leave it at different strokes for different folks and move on with our lives , ok ? 
  to me its just a shame you could n't share in my enjoyment of this performance . 
  skip excellent, 
  in tanzania , where i slaightered a few chickens , we 'd hold their legs under the boot and also the wings , then slit the throat and let the blood drain . 
  minimal movement because of the restrain . 
  i just found it odd that in tanzanian ( or at least in sukuma ) culture it was bad to cut the whole head off , you 'd have to leave it dangling by a little skin at the back while still cutting the spinal connection . 
  i guess it 's a harder way to do it , 
  that 's an advertisement . 
  i believe it 's q-tip with a generic tee . 
  ok , cool . 
  i went to egotripland.com and since i could n't find it in their store i made the assumption it was n't an actual product . 
  i 'm still skeptic because that text is clearly superimposed on that image and the store you linked to has the same picture and nothing else . 
  i hope you get your shirt !, 
  songs like that is what make me scared to listen to finnish music . 
  i do n't wan na hate but that 's pretty fucking weak . 
  [ this some real finnish hood rap ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m9i6fjdlum&amp;feature=share ) . 
  rap music is more than fronting . 
  i just did n't see how anything in that song would make anyone scared of visiting the most bourgeois place in finland . 
  [ onelook reverse dictionary ] ( http://onelook.com/reverse-dictionary.shtml ), 
  the full sensor of the 5d instantly makes all shots look better ( all other variables equal , that is ) .
