  you do n't need a conspiracy theory to explain the stupidity of humanity and you wo n't make the world a better place trying to convince people that there 's a shadowy hand controlling the world . 
  i suppose you 'd have to see it yourself for it to have the most effect , but honestly , what more will it take for us to say ` no more ' ? 
  that 's ridiculous , we are all one !, 
  audio support is quite lacking in imovie currently :p, 
  whoa , you must be fun at movies :d, 
  right , like racist cat , no ? 
  came to post andrew loomis , got more then i bargained for :d, 
  cheers !, 
  i think the problem is importing recorded audio clips : /, 
  in the professional world of video , audio is 99.9 % always dubbed in afterward rather than using the sound recorded on the spot . 
  this allows clarity , control and also more freedom for the actors . 
  my theory is that you ca n't import recorded audio clips straight into the imovie app , so what they had to do was export the clips , layer them onto the soundtrack mp3 , sync via itunes and then import that into the movie , they said as much in the vimeo comments . 
  ca n't wait to see their making-of !, 
  the crew are pro , i 'd figure they most likely redid the scenes from several angles . 
  being an actor is n't simply looking good and knowing your lines , it 's a very challenging profession where you 're expected to be able to give the exact same performance over and over again . 
  this 1\u00a01/2 minute film is n't so challenging , 
  1 ) my only impression of the g20 meetings is the burning cruiser, 
  2 ) assuming rioters would burn cruisers and buildings by themselves is quite a leap in faith , in the same manner i could say that the burning cruiser instigates protesters to turn violent, 
  3 ) masked vandalists are hard to distinguish , anarchists come in many shapes and sizes and most are more informed than the average joe . 
  i 'd say it 's unfair to assume they do n't know that causing damage only benefits the status quo , `` see , we 're protecting you from these lunatics '', 
  all said and done , i do n't think we have a clear cut case on either side . 
  i think it 's inappropriate for cops to take such measures though , they should be upholding the peace and nothing more . 
  if they had a peer-reviewed study that shows such actions like burning a police car calms protests then these actions would hold more credence , i know they 've done studies that show a trashed neighborhood is more likely to be littered by passerby 's than clean ones and i 'd figure this is an exercise in creating more public acceptance for whatever it is our ` leaders ' are planning in their meetings than making people ask serious questions of how are we running our societies . 
  what do you want to do with the cms ? 
  that is the question . 
  cms ' are tools , you would n't want to use drupal for a simple blog ( some might disagree ) and you would n't want to do a huge community site with wordpress either . 
  personally i use wordpress and concrete5 for my projects . 
  very flexible , very easy . 
  for small businesses it 's perfect , you can assign what areas they can edit , no dashboard , they just click , edit and save . 
  aww , that 's awesome . 
  thanks for being a good sport !, 
  if you ever write a memoir , be sure to let me know , 
  and if you come to barcelona , i 'll buy you a beer . 
  yeah , oil is natural and shit . 
  what 's with these wackos trying to get bp to clog a hole in the sea ? 
  what 's next , close off volcanoes ?!, 
  disregarding responsibilities that come with life and liberty ends up coming to kick you in the butt one way or another . 
  eat well before , snack/eat during drinking , it helps . 
  yeah , i 'm going to sip a beer for two hours :d, 
  hangovers are a meditative state of being closer to death . 
  ultimately metal wires , electrons and waves are nothing but information themselves . 
  no foam or carbonation = dead beer . 
  happy independence day !, 
  yeah , such restrictions are totally fine . 
  squigs , i hate to be short , but every day this seems more like a cover up than a clean up . 
  your username should be pbpeanutbutterpb . 
  peanut butter . 
  best revenge story , go . 
  this , my friends , is why i am non-dualist . 
  ah , teenage folly ... 
  [ nutrition , not genetics ] ( http://www.cheeseslave.com/2009/10/18/ever-wonder-why-did-indigenous-people-had-straight-teeth/ ) . 
  any nightmares ? 
  i had night braces for a year or so and have had many dreams of tightened and shattering teeth in my dreams . 
  pictures !, 
  free dental consultation via reddit !, 
  she had lit a dozen candles and was waiting for me in bed . 
  shame so few have heard of khayree . 
  man pretty much single-handedly created the vallejo sound in the 90 's . 
  [ a taste ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya5yqvk4-jo ) . 
   i thought wow was the problem , so i gave up wow . 
  i thought watching tv was an issue , so i limited myself to a few shows . 
  my next idea is that reddit is the issue , but if eliminating wow and tv did n't do it , why would eliminating reddit ? 
  there 's your fault in logic . 
  if you 're not doing what you want to be doing , you 're wasting your time . 
  replace it with as many things as you want , it 's not going to change the fact . 
  metronome idea is brilliant , thanks . 
  i 'm still memorizing the lyrics , this take is me reading which obviously makes it less fluid . 
  i 'm trying to figure out the mix and effects , what does watmm think the elements need to make it `` sit '' better . 
  how about posting some here and linking them to your blog ? 
  yup , very influential for its time . 
  i recommend checking the first albums for dubee ( mac dre 's younger brother , * aka sugawolf * ) , young d boyz ( * straight game * ) , ray luv ( * forever hustlin ' * ) . 
  khayree has some instrumental and compilation albums as well , the guy is solid gold . 
  this man has obviously never visited finland . 
  oh , and what a crock of shit . 
  you do realize that 's the jist of most romance movies , right ? 
  there are more people in this world who can bench press their body weight than can do a one arm chin up , so yeah . 
  it 's a tough cookie . 
  all of europe . 
  came here to post this . 
  amazing creature , where 's the bbc footage ? 
  [ careful there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/malkovich ) . 
  holographic universe , way of zen , power of now , tell me no lies . 
  watched the trailer , am intrigued . 
  will hate you for the rest of my life for bringing this to my attention . 
  i like how it 's clearly divided into two parts -- laying down the theory and then using it to explain `` paranormal '' phenomena , most of which has been debunked nowadays , elaborating the finer points as it goes along . 
  holonomic principle ftw !, 
  you are definitely worth your username . 
  amazing advice . 
  warning !, 
  stupidity ahead :, 
   relying on renewable energy for the future is a laughable idea . 
  the clue is in the name of our current energy source - fossil fuels . 
  these are fuels that `` fossilise '' millenias worth of `` renewable '' energy that fell on earth from the sun . 
  we have used that `` fossilised '' energy in a matter of decades , because the truth is that our lifestyles consume more energy than renewably falls on the usable land areas we could use to capture it . 
   we could change our lifestyles , but that would mean for instance, 
   * 80 % less travel - so you would have to be barred from living more than cycling distance from work -, 
   * less heat - so you would have to super insulate your home and keep it at the average temperature of homes a century ago , or around 12 c ( chilly ), 
   * less entertainment - the internet , tv and electronic games consume huge amounts of power overall , so it would be back to playing cards and knitting, 
   * less food choice - around 80 % of what we buy in the supermarket travelled to get to us , so forget that and eat local and seasonal , meaning no tomatos , spices , pepper , tropical fruits , tender vegetables etc etc, 
   hard to imagine us tolerating any of that .
