  side note : become interesting by doing interesting things . 
  hit the gym or exercise in general to improve confidence and health , do 2 minutes of power posing a day ( google power pose ) and remember this is a skill with infinite rewards . 
  you 're no victim of circumstance , you 're the captain of your destiny . 
  have fun !, 
  lupe fiasco - food & liquor, 
  xzibit - at the speed of light, 
  talib kweli & hi-tek - train of thought / reflection eternal, 
  i think there 's nearly anything of significance that is stated on cosmos that is n't backed up by research through and through . 
  a diverse plentitude of scientists advise productions of this type . 
   bank 's monetary analysis directorate, 
  i hear seth macfarlane was pretty instrumental . 
  i have to say i have n't used anything else after i got my parallel , such an awesome pen . 
  what a fucking douche trainer . 
  i wonder how many descendants you must have when your lineage survives four billion years . 
  would there be many ? 
  it hurts to even try thinking about it . 
  it sure is crazy how streaming/downloading a show illegally provides an ad-free experience ... 
  i wonder how much longer until they offer a way to pay for a service like that . 
  blue bar is the easiest thing ever to fix in post . 
  [ those minute differences add up and you ca n't always tell if it 's taken with a phone camera ] ( http://proof.nationalgeographic.com/2013/10/07/capturing-the-aura-of-the-scottish-highlands-with-the-iphone-5s/ ) . 
  had to check , willis is not dead . 
  most food is actually lost in the poorest countries due to the lack of infrastructure and efficient logistics . 
  [ amazing tedx talk by the photographer ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_kristine_glimpses_of_modern_day_slavery ) , lisa kristine . 
  these are the hands of a father and his two sons , forgot to put that in the title . 
  so simple and yet brilliant , thanks for sharing and educating !, 
  i do n't think there 's been enough evidence to really say us helped orchestrate anything regarding the ukraine situation , most of your links did n't even try to paint that picture . 
  even from the gif you can see the chicken is on a boat going at high speed . 
  in all seriousness , have you tried lsd ? 
  there 's [ research showing ] ( http://news.sciencemag.org/brain-behavior/2011/06/lsd-alleviates-suicide-headaches ) it can help cluster headaches , was thinking perhaps it could a similar effect on nerve pain perception . 
  truly sorry to hear about your pain , i hope science will soon develop ways to treat such things better . 
   your brain even does some extra processing to compensate for the blind spot on the back of your retina . 
  your eyes do n't actually `` see '' any data for that blind spot because there are no rods or cones there -- it 's the place where your optic nerve connects to the back of your eyeball -- but your visual cortex uses the surrounding information to intelligently predict what should be in that blind spot , and it fills in the missing data with its best guess . 
  if a line crosses through your blind spot , you 'll still perceive it as a continuous line , even though the initial data coming from your retina has that line broken into two pieces . 
  actually true only if one eye is open , normally the field of view overlaps each eyes blind spots . 
  not in this short film : a man walking into a bar . 
  most likely airport extremes have this covered , as it 's an apple product . 
  synchronicity , just [ took a photo of my friend with him yesterday ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ybwgahi.jpg ) . 
  look at what 's surrounding it . 
  also we have more bacteria than human cells , mostly in our intenstines . 
  it 's fine there , but not if it spreads out . 
  just because blood/meat has white blood cells does n't mean it 's devoid of disease-causing agents , especially when it 's been cut open in the open . 
  lens ? 
  looks dope , thanks for the tip !, 
  use curves to create contrast . 
  look at some color correction videos on youtube . 
  life is too short . 
  there are options . 
  create a 2.5 d scene by having various videos positioned near each other , but opacity 0 on all but active video source . 
  pan virtual camera ( with forced motion blur ) as the new source opacity goes up . 
  results in said effect . 
  quick translation :, 
  photographer went for a walk to see if grass snakes were out hunting frogs . 
  on his way home he saw this snake trying to eat a slowworm that was struggling to break free . 
  he slowly attached a telephoto lens and took pictures . 
  he gathered his nerves and switched to a zoom lens and made his way to about a meter from where this was happening , laid on the ground and propped his camera on his bag and snapped away . 
  the slowworm had given up the struggle and at the very last moment before being swallowed opened his eyes for the last time , the result being this photo . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.luontokuva.org/index.php/jasentiedote ) ( in finnish ), 
  nothing is possible if nothing is done . 
  you can not have any other certainty . 
  many people start learning new skills later in life . 
  whether it 'll turn into something they make a new career out of is secondary , whether you find a passion in it is what counts . 
  so if you do n't practice and go through the pain that goes into learning , you wo n't know if it 's something you enjoy becoming good at . 
  harrison ford was a carpenter until his 40s . 
  [ here 's more examples ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2010/living/worklife/05/16/mf.famous.career.after.50/ ) . 
  only thing that prevents personal growth and change are the stories we tell ourselves of why we ca n't . 
  you can throw examples of disabilities etc. 
  back at me but that imo is missing the entire point . 
  the world says no to us on a daily basis . 
  it 's up to us to persist in carving out our own place in it to live or succumb to its will and merely exist . 
  piggy-backing on this comment that another factor was the amazing artists and team ( including h.r. 
  geiger ) that had worked on [ jorodowsky 's unmade dune film . 
  ] ( http://blogs.indiewire.com/theplaylist/alejandro-jodorowsky-reveals-how-his-dune-inspired-alien-challenges-to-get-the-script-published-20140321 ), 
  alien was an amazing event combining talent , passion , logistics and timing . 
  with the ever-increasing ease of high quality technical productions , hopefully we will see more amazing events come together . 
  large challenge is distribution , but youtube and vimeo along with social medias seem to be evolving how we consume content , perhaps replacing all but movie theatres eventually . 
  you can actually take nuclear warheads in a carryon . 
  i had to take one when i was moving into my laboratory . 
  they stopped me but then looked at it and said it 's fine . 
  my experience as well . 
  i visited nyc last month and i was surprised i could make out some stars , especially away from manhattan . 
  it 's worth taking a trip to some place like vermont ( read a rolling stone article saying it 's close and sparsely populated ) and stargaze at least once in your life , 
  what will you use it for ? 
  ram i 'd recommend updating , with disk space [ this thread says around 120 gb ] ( https://discussions.apple.com/message/24807376#24807376 ) . 
  wild guess : pilot parallel pens ? 
  i think that 's digital vector work . 
  if what you say is true , how do you explain the creation of this documentary and the organizations that are featured in it ? 
  this is n't a one of a kind either . 
  raising awareness is one of the most effective ways of driving change . 
  how have renewables become so big so fast and the talk of `` energy independence '' etc. 
  become such big talking points ? 
  we have a loong way to go , especially from talking to doing more , but if you look at the trend , governmental action globally is more ecologically-minded and study-driven than ever before . 
  coal power plants are no longer being built in the us , even though they have the largest lobbying force . 
  [ here 's a good rolling stone article on some of these issues ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/obamas-last-shot-20140423 ) . 
  the biggest impediment for faster change is the attitude you put forward , we can not do anything , the wheels are in motion , etc. 
  thankfully there are many who think differently , and some of them have found their calling in fighting for the future of our children . 
  because face it , the planet will be fine , it 's what we hold dear that 's threatened . 
  i think it 's perfectly fine to focus on other things our fine lives have to offer , but i plea for you to try and frame the issue positively for yourself as you will talk about this with others , you may have an effect on things just by saying the right words to the right person some day . 
  xerox parc was done in mutual agreement between the companies , quite different from this situation . 
  and every computer had terminal workflows before the advent of guis , dos was not unique to any single company . 
  why not provide some scientific studies showing the benefits of such fasts and measured gains in blood purity ?
