  bonus is to tease her so that she begs for you to take it further . 
  and then you do n't . 
  until she 's begging . 
  then you give her a little more . 
  then she 's starting to lose it . 
  then you kill that punani . 
  it 's a sexy !, 
  core questions in philosophy . 
  the kind that gets you laid !, 
   how can someone else fix your problems, 
  / facepalm, 
  we humans love thinking we know it all , do n't we ? 
  give that intro a bit of reverb so it does n't cut so hard at the drop , it takes some of its umph away . 
  you have such steam with the beat i 'd consider making the intro longer and more elaborate , with this beat you can pull it off . 
  snare could use some fattening . 
  that ba-bop mouthsound is hit or miss , i dunno if i dig it , the beat has so much going anyway . 
  maybe the slightest touch of chorus could help the sliding noise embed itself more ? 
  give it a tad of reverb too !, 
  overall , real nice . 
  keep at it . 
   hussein we supported and created . 
  and then when we went to clean up our mess , america went ballistic . 
  oh , that makes so much sense now !, 
  that 's it !, 
  how could we miss this ? 
  the 90 's called . 
  except every side-scroll mouse i 've come across only has one speed for horizontal scrolling which frustrated the shit out of me . 
  multi-touch trackpads are the shit , seriously . 
  i have my logitech mouse connected to my mbp but end up using it quite rarely . 
  the closer they get , the further they fly . 
  my my , wo n't we one day find definite news of the day our planet will deride ? 
  humanity shall continue to be blind and be the cause of its own demise , nature will survive long after our time . 
  all must fall which once does rise , do n't worry for in death we all abide . 
  make most of this , live to breathe surprised . 
  let 's hear samples !, 
  get a hold of some sort of microphone and give us a comparison !, 
  give reddit a fair greeting . 
  oh , and say `` these pants smell like green lettuce . '', 
  i 'd suggest moving elsewhere . 
  oil spill areas tend to kill off their populations that much faster and nastier . 
  some mods have a hard time understanding what it is they 're supposed to be doing with their modding , 
  pannini is also a form of toasted bread !, 
  mmm !, 
  maybe for the last part he would have been all uncomfortable and shit . 
  whoa , look at the man on that woman !, 
  check out the [ jquery marquee ] ( http://remysharp.com/demo/marquee.html ) . 
   that , a basic preview tool , ftp support , code complete, 
  - flash, 
  - tables, 
  - outrageous hacks to keep things together, 
  - netscape composer , frontpage , dreamweaver, 
  - design in photoshop , try to bring it into html/css instead of just doing it nearly 100 % in html/css . 
  to understand : he 's the one asking him to type the numbers . 
  whatcha holdin ' there ? 
  oh , and hbd !, 
  although the numbers get bigger , is n't this the same news we 've gotten for the past 30 or so years ? 
  if you ever come to the mediterranean , i 'd show you around . 
  if you know what i wan -- mean . 
  now exclusively for reddit gold members !, 
  act now !, 
  who has time for hair when the sideburns take so much time and do so much ? 
  took me a sec to figure you had ** enormously enlarged your mouth . 
  wow that 's cute . 
  i 've seen cute but this is up there . 
  wild guess : you regularly dress up as a fairy to costume parties/halloween . 
  then again , being on reddit makes me think you 're smart and introspective , like to avoid clich\u00e9s and easy choices and does her best to out-do yourself , no ? 
  either way , enjoy your day , 
  no sir , you are one of a kind . 
  a gem :d, 
  salad , fuck yeah !, 
  ra-ra-rasputin , russia 's greatest love machine !, 
  get [ undercover ] ( http://www.orbicule/undercover/mac ) , when your laptop is stolen/lost , you 'll thank me . 
  if you mean the caves under my eyes , that 's mostly genetic . 
  living in party-hard barcelona does n't help though , 
  maybe i should slice some potatoes or cucumbers ... 
  smart , have a cookie , 
  what story do you tell others ? 
  who is they ? 
  driving for an hour every weekend for four months relates to this how exactly ? 
  there 's nothing that yelling in the theater ca n't ficx !, 
  nah , i was just ready to leave behind my old life to come start a new one here . 
  well that clears it up . 
  i ca n't see how you would think your original comment could be interpreted in this way by itself . 
   i met her every weeekend for about 4 months before i finally did, 
  you 've been slightly tanning without noticing ? 
  would explain them ending at the sockline . 
  funny how the ms paint one feels more complete . 
  only thing you have going is crisp masking and boobies , 
   be yourself . 
  everyone else is already taken . 
  logic has a built-in au manager that scans all plug-ins before activating them . 
  you can also disable plug-ins at a later date , re-check them , print out logs , etc. 
  if you go and install a dozen plug-ins and experience problems , not knowing which plug-in ( s ) is/are causing the issue , then i suppose you 'd have stability issues . 
  record is very new and does n't have the same polish as logic 9 . 
  with [ rewire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rewire ) you can plug reason 's synths into logic if you wanted to , so there 's no need for compromise . 
  with logic you can record , arrange , mix and master and the interface is very intuitive imo , it just take s abit of orientation but it 's mostly garageband on steroids when it comes down to the ui . 
  and logic has some amazing synths and two great samplers ( exs24 and ultrabeat ) . 
  pm me if you 'd want some tutorials . 
  that 's some impressive color changing . 
  has nothing on [ the octopus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh4y2pv-afw ) though ,
