  right , no propaganda . 
  [ this is innocent entertainment that real adults are mature enough to understand the difference between reality and television ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_aspects_of_television#negative_effects ) , it 's not like it affects our daily lives in any way . 
  how exactly will it play better with fcp ? 
  it seems to have the same codec ( h. 264 ) ... 
  thanks for the protip , 
  true , but my point was more general in that although chechens have suffered greatly as have iraqis , palestinians and countless other nations , it 's still not innocent to commit acts of terror toward the other , although it would be unrealistic not to expect counter-actions . 
  alas , there are no innocent parties in war . 
  there are many things i could highlight about that comment that makes me think you 've got your calibrations wrong , but i do n't want to come off judgemental . 
  lol . 
  all i 'm trying to point out to you and hopefully other redditors reading that comment is that from such a situation you have all the building blocks to take things further , you were already playing the mating game even if you did n't realize it , you were playing mr. nice most likely in her eyes . 
  what it takes is * initiation * , from what you wrote it sounds like you 're waiting for the world to make the first moves in your life . 
  and do n't think i do n't think you 're an awesome person !, 
  well fuck . 
  thank you google jesus , but now i 'm all : s, 
  roughly $ 850 vs. $ 500 for the 500 . 
  [ bestof 'd ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/bju93/happywaffle_tells_it_like_it_is_on_how_to_buy_a/ ) , bookmarked and upvoted . 
  golden advice . 
  ied 's and suicide attacks are n't innocent acts is what i was and am saying . 
  war brings out the worst in humanity and causes people to commit heinous crimes against one another . 
  killing is killing no matter who considers themselves to be right . 
  i 'm disgusted by the iraq invasion and the occupation of palestine as well as chechnya along with vietnam , korea , china , the entire continent of africa and all invasions and acts of imperialism over independent nations , but that does n't change the fact that whatever justification you have to go and kill yourself and/or others does n't change the fact that you 're killing and there 's no such thing as innocent killing . 
  defending ones land and independence is absolutely understandable and damn right expected from any decent human being . 
  complicated question , because if we say someone has the right to believe anything they want * as long as it causes no harm to anyone else * , how can we know that ? 
  where does the line go , as indirect influences of beliefs can go a long way especially in unusual circumstances ( like in a crisis ) for people to act in inhumane ways towards one another . 
  also , regulating belief as has been pointed out is quite near impossible . 
  i 'd say the biggest focus for society is to do its utmost to create solid moral and rational frameworks for its younger citizens to incorporate into their lives and help them make sense of things . 
  ultimately , are bad belief systems a symptom or a cause ? 
  ... and if you take away the other d , take the last three letters and put them in front of the other three , you get mondia , which is where ford 's marketing department got the name for the ford mondeo !, 
  j/k , thanks for sharing , 
  stick to fucking nature documentaries !, 
  that is definitely an idea , but it 'd be a shame if twitter deleted his account because he did n't tweet for x amount of months . 
  happened to me . 
  no , i 'd like to keep all of it on the server . 
  kudos for creative problem-solving though !, 
  you need to start cooking and baking more yourself , 
  any advice on how to do this in an oven rather than a microwave ? 
  ok , but what i need is an interface , such as the aforementioned htmlbox , for the user to edit the text . 
  the problem is n't lack of an idea on how to get the text to display but rather how to make editing of the file online , in a nice rich-text editor type interface possible . 
  thanks for your input though , let me know if you know how to get the text file edited online . 
  max . 
  i 'd treat him as a prospective friend , utilize this fruitful conversation to get to get more acquainted . 
  you both have things to learn from each other . 
  wtf was that two pages for ?!, 
  that `` article '' did n't end up saying much of anything . 
  in a drunken stupor that can make perfect sense . 
   britain , cyprus , gibraltar , ireland and malta, 
  yes it is . 
  dae find themselves trying to cup a breast of a female watching tv next to you ? 
  he already owns a macbook pro ... switching would only up his expenses . 
  edit : not to mention the whole price thing is out of whack . 
  is your time free for you ? 
  troubleshooting your way out of sudden crashes/errors can take the most out of your day with a windows machine , not to mention anti-virus and other security programs * and * the bigger electricity bill . 
  the price issue is mostly a myth , but if you 're convinced of a `` premium tax '' price difference then that 's exactly what it is : paying for the best . 
  read a lot about the business side of things , you need to know how to deal with clients and how to approach projects . 
  your target should be to eventually start your own business and hire others as you expand , but this wo n't come immediately . 
  so besides practicing solo and reading as much as you can ( about all design , not just the web stuff ) , the important thing is to get some projects . 
  you 're already in college , so you can bet your butt there 's people/departments/organizations that need web work . 
  they 'll commission you to make a cms for them , presentation sites , etc. 
  keep asking yourself what is it that you enjoy most , what do you excel at . 
  know your strengths . 
  also ask what you 're not so good at , what you dislike . 
  work on both of these areas , especially in the beginning you might not like something simply due to lack of experience , so keep pummeling at it for some time until you know how to do it and then you can really decide if it 's something you dislike . 
  creating your own website and getting involved with the design community is a good idea , have a portfolio and a blog you update every now and then . 
  submit your articles/tutorials to designbump.com and other such sites . 
  get to know the scene !, 
  imitate the best , learn from the rest , innovate and find your place . 
  good luck !, 
  what 's wrong with rising up against a totalitarianesque government that does n't listen to its citizens ? 
  right , voting and superficial majority rule makes everything alright . 
  your gov ' t is nothing but special interests keeping their power , there is no rule of law in the us as the law is whatever the judge says it is . 
  sometimes * you * are too easy to please that everything is fine . 
  nothing wrong with personal preference . 
  i 've never had big issues with my mac and ca n't imagine going back to working a pc full-time . 
  in the end , computers are tools that are made to enable you to do things . 
  whatever works best for the user , 
   everything is black and white to them , a perspective which has no place in politics, 
  that 's ideal , 
  destabilizing the system that has sinked its teeth deep into america since its inception could provide the incentive for the masses to then overthrow the `` conservative '' / teaparty gang if they were to establish power . 
  any change is for the better , even if it gets slightly darker before daybreak . 
  the documentation seems to be pretty sparse . 
  i looked at it , but have no idea how i can make that with external controls . 
  unless it 's lupus . 
  if you own name , then who help question ? 
  do n't ever ever forget rosemary . 
  that shit will bring out the best of the beef . 
  the problem is n't the amount of maths , it 's how it 's taught !, 
  math is the language of nature and not only does it enable you to deconstruct/understand reality , it allows you to think logically/rationally . 
  but you 'll never see that in a classroom . 
  do n't be in your head in social situations !, 
  train yourself to be in the now . 
  take a conscious in-breath and out-breath . 
  look around you . 
  do it again , this time focusing even more on the act of breathing , feeling the air go through your nostrils , your chest expanding , etc. 
  notice the difference in your perception . 
  listen and look by being present in social situations and it 'll give you all the material you need , no matter how stupid you might think , because i 'd wager the things you consider as stupid are some good material . 
  it 's how you come off as , so focus on being present , relaxed and confident that you 're enjoying/getting something out of the situation . 
  came here to suggest that . 
  the same scene haunted me for some time during my childhood , all i saw of the movie ( or remember at least ) is the threesome and the dick cutting . 
  nice try , mpaa . 
  my eyes , my eyes !,
