  now take your hate-filled language of `` thinking for yourself '' elsewhere , sinner !, 
  reminds me of the quote :, 
  * we do n't stop playing because we grow old , we grow old because we stop playing . 
   many of us , or some of us , or maybe even just a few of us understand that mj is harmful ( or could be ), 
  citation needed . 
  it 's the most harmless intoxicant known to man . 
  it is n't totally harmless , but * it 's * as close as you can get , making that point absolutely unnecessary . 
  it 's illegality causes more problems than the plant itself . 
  edit : also i 'd like to add that there is no plant known to man that has as many uses , medicinal and otherwise . 
  i also corrected a grammatical omission in the above text , highlighted in italics . 
   the flash engineering team has taken this on with a major overhaul of the mainstream flash player for a variety of devices . 
  mm-hmm , does `` overhaul '' mean removing code so that it runs on battery devices without killing the battery ? 
  how about actually rewriting the entire player , adding a compatibility layer and making it actually work efficiently ? 
  i for one welcome the death of the convoluted turd called flash . 
  awesome !, 
  i wonder if he 'll bring it back to modern times after this film . 
  or maybe the future ? 
  whatever jaa touches is pure gold as far as his track record is concerned . 
  he represents the peak of modern martial arts films , everything else pales in comparison . 
  may i remind you : no cgi , no wires , it 's all real . 
  harmony and disharmony . 
  [ a boy named sue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m89c3hwx3rq ) . 
  life is trauma , we come out kicking and screaming and we are sculpted by our experiences and it seems that the negative ones have a much more pronounced effect since most of us spend the rest of our waking lives unaware or even consciously avoiding the issues caused by said events . 
  the tragedy/trauma is our strength , for those who face them are more whole individuals , at least from my experiences . 
  adblock ftw . 
  alcohol stays in food for much longer than common wisdom imagines . 
  - twilights ( self-explanatory , if you really need reasons let me know ), 
  - transformers ' ( brainwashing , auto-industry marketing ), 
  - police , adjective ( so pointless imo , i 'm all for romanian cinema but that was just shite compared to the praise it got , it had a point but it was too stretched ), 
  - the saws after the first ( pure goreporn , self-torture to watch those , desensitizing ), 
  - the texas chain massacre remake ( pales in comparison to the first , hollywood cash machine , terrible acting and direction ), 
  - the grudge ( american version , same reasons as above ), 
  - reese witherspoon doggymovies ( self-explanatory ), 
  - hanna montana movies, 
  - most spoof movies, 
  - to conclude , all movies that leech of basic human emotions with a formulaic plot and production that adds absolutely nothing to peoples lives, 
  i 'm fine with downvotes , but how about some discussion ? 
  shocker . 
  for future reference : permalink -  bookmark . 
  perhaps next time skip the manning up and listen to your body ? 
  i actually liked avatar a lot , i found it to be a hallmark in cinema . 
  i do n't see why people are complaining about the plot , it 's one of the great stories , you know how it turns out but you want to see it anyway , and i felt the pacing of everything was just perfect . 
  in short , i hold avatar to be a pop masterpiece . 
  [ they did make a movie out of it in the 80 's ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_%28film%29 ), 
  i would have said that the other way around , but each to their own , 
  shit , finland just put a cop on parole for raping a 16 year-old . 
  twice . 
  seduced her to his home when he found out she had no place to go . 
  [ * do n't worry , i 'm a cop . 
  dyk : spotlight search can do calculations . 
  just hit cmd + space and write away . 
  c'mon , it 's only at 18 % !, 
  for windows : [ optipng ] ( http://optipng.sourceforge.net/ ), 
  according to body language experts , holding/resting your head in your hand ( s ) is a giveaway sign of boredom . 
   it is really like being in a box by yourself for a long period of time . 
  that 's like , exactly how i imagined it . 
  my fsm , fishy brings back memories ... 
  ah , how life 's black and white extremes can reveal the shades of gray never ceases to amaze . 
  hey , i 'm willing to accept donations . 
  i recently abandoned my circle of production equipment owned mostly by friends to go make it by myself in spain . 
  now i only have my mbp and dream of at least having something more than a pinhole mic and sennheiser headphones . 
  * do n't it always seem to go , that you do n't know what you got 'till it 's gone ... *, 
  i 'm spoiled , i used to live in finland where the water was as tasty as spring water . 
  now in barcelona the water is still potable but it 's heavy in chalk and chlorine , it tastes like shit to me . 
  wtf is cbt ? 
  how can the article not define it ? 
  from wikipedia :, 
   cognitive behavioral therapy ( or cognitive behavioral therapies or cbt ) is a psychotherapeutic approach that aims to solve problems concerning dysfunctional emotions , behaviors and cognitions through a goal-oriented , systematic procedure . 
  the title is used in diverse ways to designate behavior therapy , cognitive therapy , and to refer to therapy based upon a combination of basic behavioral and cognitive research . 
  i think you might have missed the idea . 
  everyone should read david bohm and karl pribram who , although bohm was a nobel-winning physicist , seem to go quite unnoticed by mainstream sources for their work in developing the holographic principle . 
  they independently came to the conclusion that ( bohm ) the universe is a holographic projection and ( pribram ) the brain functions like a hologram . 
  once they heard of each other they got together to advance their theories forward . 
  i am by no means a scientist but i find their research and theories fascinating . 
  i see this more as a philosophical postulation than a scientific theory , because of course it 's not falsifiable . 
  but your original comment about starving and convincing it is n't real reeks of not understanding the concept . 
  yeah , i read that and really enjoyed it . 
  i see the book divided into two sections : in the first he lays out the theory and work done on the holographic theory , and in the second he postulates how that could be used to explain all kinds of phenomena . 
  most brush off the book as some pseudoscience babble without ever reading it , which is truly a shame . 
  a true hologram is quite different from the stickers found in cereal packs . 
  from * the holographic universe * :, 
   one of the things that makes holography possible is a phenomenon known as interference . 
  interfer - ence is the crisscrossing pattern that occurs when two or more waves , such as waves of water , ripple through each other . 
  for example , if you drop a pebble into a pond , it will produce a series of concentric waves that expands outward . 
  if you drop two pebbles into a pond , you will get two sets of waves that expand and pass through one another . 
  the complex arrangement of crests and troughs that results from such collisions is known as an interference pattern . 
  any wavelike phenomena can create an interference pattern , includ - ing light and radio waves . 
  because laser light is an extremely pure , coherent form of light , it is especially good at creating interference patterns . 
  it provides , in essence , the perfect pebble and the perfect pond . 
  as a result , it was n't until the invention of the laser that holo - grams , as we know them today , became possible . 
   a hologram is produced when a single laser light is split into two separate beams . 
  the first beam is bounced off the object to be photo - graphed . 
  then the second beam is allowed to collide with the reflected light of the first . 
  when this happens they create an interference pat - tern which is then recorded on a piece of film ( [ see fig . 
  to the naked eye the image on the film looks nothing at all like the object photographed . 
  in fact , it even looks a little like the concentric rings that form when a handful of pebbles is tossed into a pond ( [ see fig . 
  but as soon as another laser beam ( or in some instances just a bright light source ) is shined through the film , a three-dimensional image of the original object reappears . 
  the three-dimensionality of such images is often eerily convincing . 
  you can actually walk around a holographic projection and view it from different angles as you would a real object however , if you reach out and try to touch it , your hand will waft right through it and [ you will discover there is really nothing there ] ( http://imgur.com/7wpkj.png ) . 
   three-dimensionality is not the only remarkable aspect of holo - grams .
