  my sympathies , that sounds terrible . 
  why did the man attack you ? 
  all the best to you . 
  everyone 's entitled to their view , but i feel that if you do n't at least * listen * to your heart and know your emotions you ca n't get the most out of life . 
  . . and i 'm grinning ear to ear , 
  very true , but life does n't end in a graded report card . 
  those who follow their hearts , wherever that may lead , do not lose over an analytical and rational life . 
  both are base perspectives that are not mutually exclusive and can either be fulfilling or not , depending on how one goes about living . 
  i 'd say the op should go to some social gatherings with people his age and get social . 
  there 's a lot of interesting people out there , even if you have to weed them out . 
  i recommend couchsurfing and meetup.com . 
  bike in the right if you hike you will fly !, 
  no , it sends me elsewhere because espn doens ' t want this content to show elsewhere . 
  vocal training, 
  i just thought it sounds interesting as a rhyme . 
  nonsensical at heart . 
  say what ? 
  who has n't ? 
  mj was , is and will be the king of pop . 
  utterly heartbreaking . 
  [ has nothing to do with these comments ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkatgwksejc&amp;nr=1 ) . 
  buy me a dslr with a few lenses so i can get my multimedia productions properly under way !, 
  relationships where both do n't feel satiated will either fail or be on some level miserable . 
  hopefully no one requires anything extreme to get their socks off , but if ones so is timid about sexual acts beside the missionary it can lead to serious problems down the road . 
  opening yourself to new sexual experiences is n't irresponsibility , and from what i 've seen as time goes on most people open up more and forsake the bs holding them back . 
  rock solid proof aliens are trying to kill us . 
  see ? 
  cannabis users are helplessly addicted to the evil weed . 
  poor souls , going to hell and all . 
  considering your logic i 'm sure we could all beat everyone from caesar to jfk . 
  what do you think about reversi/othello ? 
  for the edit part , you could also use a program like wiretap pro . 
  whoa , the original . 
  impressive . 
  yet another effort succumbs to the jukebox effect :p, 
  the hair is way cut . 
  use the refine edge feature and refine with eraser tool instead of going at it with pen or lasso . 
  or paint the mask . 
  proportions are n't quite ideal , lighting is as different as possible ( color correction & levels ) . 
  note : i have changed my thinking several times over , i am not as inclined towards conspiratorial thinking as i researched a lot about the subjects ( books are indispensable forms of acquiring solid information !, 
  ) , ` the new ' represents my current interests and latest bookmarks . 
  i hope most of them work . 
  if anyone could bother making some css/javascript to make that more ` viewable ' i 'd appreciate it . 
  also , i 'm trying to figure out a way to make pdf printouts of the pages and automate downloading the video content of these pages . 
  if anyone has a script/program/idea on how to do this , i would be very pleased to talk about it . 
  trust me , i 'm not . 
  i 'm not really a connoisseur of porn . 
  a video here and there , the occasional erotic literature ... 
  i prefer my imagination and the real thing . 
  yeah , once your life spirals out of control you just have to , you know , let go . 
  i hope you 'll never have to face the realities of addiction with the people you know . 
  any ideas where ? 
  i 've heard of wget before ... 
  i 'm not much of a coder aside from html/css so i do n't even know what to do with this info :p, 
  thanks though , i hope one day i 'll be able to get this handled as i am a little paranoid of losing a lot of these websites as time goes on . 
  if the world was fair we 'd have to settle for what we have . 
  the built-in inequality of nature not only allows us exceptional individuals , it also allows us to overcome the scarcity mentality of survivalism with abundance and morality . 
  just go bald when it 's time . 
  really . 
  tblop.com ... what more do you need ? 
  welcome to the world , seriously . 
  everything is encapsulated in a lifestyle nowadays , but that does n't mean it 's solely one product . 
  we 're all a fractal of the brands we use daily and at least apple genuinely enables people to produce culture if they are so inclined , and consuming media is the most pleasurable . 
  i do n't want to argue my points , i just wanted to mention that i feel you have a bit of tunnel vision going on . 
  you 're obviously not a lawyer , good for you  i think the correct term is `` cruel and unusual punishment '', 
  oh , want to invest in my stocks ? 
  doubling guaranteed with a two month turnover !, 
  well they too bend over and take it , as i doubt anyone is building their own technology . 
  build your own pcs ? 
  bam , that 's taken as a lifestyle with a huge industry behind it . 
  the thing is , people choose their tools and they make what they do with them . 
  i use my computer to create music , graphics , web code and soon to master photography and edit video . 
  i do n't smack apple 's logo on my work and most probably could n't tell exactly the tools i use to produce my results . 
  the ability to do is key , thankfully apple manages to merge ( for me , at least ) great functionality with aesthetics and top-class engineering . 
  we all combine various producers ' products from clothes to kitchen itinerary that create our personal and collective environments and there 's no other way about it , unless you do everything yourself ( mad props if so ) . 
  moping over the fact that we to some extent all bend over and take it is missing the point , none of us are as versatile as all of us , anti-fanboyism can be as fanatical as fanboyism itself . 
  let 's just use our tools and get on with it , shall we ? 
  never when coming down . 
  never . 
  edit : / sarcasm, 
  dude . 
  that illuminati shit is nothing but a huge industry of books and documentaries they want you to buy . 
  you really think if such a thing existed such material would exist , would have to rely on petty examples with huge interpretations ? 
  symbolism is real . 
  archetypes are real . 
  artists and people use them . 
  even illuminati/nwo/reptilian stuff has become part of music ( peep the new reflection eternal with jay electronica for an example ) . 
  do n't worry , the boogieman is n't out to get you . 
  this shit scares people and honestly can make someone not enjoy life anymore . 
  the less you read of it , the better off you will be . 
  study some science or history rather than listen to these nutters . 
  i did for a few years ( check my submit history for my bookmark collection ) and i do n't feel that much richer because of it , except i now * know * it 's misdirected angst/energy . 
  i was being sarcastic , it gives me a lot . 
  whatever rocks your boat , i suppose . 
  blood and bone had some good stuff ( starring michael jai white , same guy playing detective here ) . 
  outside of hollywood though , best stuff imo is coming from thailand with tony jaa 's stuff . 
  ca n't wait for ong bak 3 !, 
  i want my twinkie the kid movie , now !, 
  i never say this but ... 0wned . 
  my sarcasm detector is n't working .
