probably from standing so long waiting for their turn . 
  hatred is soo 20th century . 
  it 's not because she possibly did . 
  very nice , reminds me of dj shadow 's endtroducing album . 
  definitely hone it in , it does n't feel like it 's far from completion ( unless you find somewhere new to take it ) . 
  have you seen [ peaceful warrior ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qss3cxgs2gq ) ? 
  i was looking at that sideways for a moment and was about to start slandering your skills until my epiphany :d, 
   i was promoted to one of the 6 key positions weeks before it was shut down . 
  i saw everything happen . 
  what does that mean ? 
  what led to fall of the site ? 
  props for sticking around until the next month , 
  the worst thing we can do for the planet is not do anything about our current infrastructure of huge factories and dozens of product lines for each and every compartment of products you can imagine , pumping out streams of said products to aggressively market , have left-overs that are more readily destroyed haphazardly or simply dumped into land/sea than give to those who might benefit from them , then spend more resources configuring your factories to make the same products slightly modified * next year * to keep the cycle going . 
  these type of articles and `` humans are bad for the planet '' bs get my blood boiling . 
  humans are beautiful and we 're wising up ( just not fast enough ) . 
  big industries know ( as in they have the data to judge their impact ) yet they do n't act . 
  that 's sick . 
  and the planet will be fine , we 're just eating our own tail as it is by not taking care of the conditions which facilitate our existence ( and of other species ) . 
  edit : took out offending title . 
  ok , watch [ food inc. ] ( http://www.rodostube.gr/video/486726e2248b57b/food-inc ) , [ the corporation ] ( http://video.google.ca/videoplay?docid=3203253804055041031&amp;hl=en# ) , read up on some of these assertions that you 're spinning to me as fact and then try telling me that humans are bad for the planet . 
  of course it 's not productive to pollute the environment with byproducts from our processes , but we have technology ( read : methods ) to do things in such a way that they do n't cause harm to the environment ( check [ cradle 2 cradle ] ( http://www.google.fi/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;ct=res&amp;cd=3&amp;ved=0cbuqfjac&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fen.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fcradle_to_cradle&amp;ei=297msrzai4jj-qapgqn5bg&amp;usg=afqjcnerqjaxjkc2n_rmgtr98wsy3x5_fa&amp;sig2=qu-zc1nii9r_5wgrhqeseg ) ) . 
  we have n't expanded into every single nook this planet has even though we 're in each continent . 
  do you have any idea how large the world is ? 
  do n't forget that there are animals who either profit from our ravishing or are not greatly affected . 
  the squids and jellyfish are growing in populations , as are some deep sea whales ( huge fuckers ) , due to the change in the food chain , mainly us wiping out their predators ( tuna and sharks ) . 
  the earth is 2/3 's ocean and a huge portion of the planets species reside in that place which we 've only scouted 2 % of . 
  humans have been around for a very small time . 
  if we totally ravage the planet of the resources that are beneficial to us and we die , the planet will go on with other forms of life . 
  evolution might spring up species that clean up the mess we made or it might even spawn species that are dependent on our bisphenol a , who knows ? 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's arrogant to say that that which was created by this planet ( humans ) are hazardous ( omg they exhaust carbon dioxide ! ), 
  when it 's clearly ( evidence-wise ) the habits and structures we have that are causing our own demise . 
  sure having less people around would make this problem smaller in scale/impact , but not by much . 
  we need to learn how to live responsibly with what we have and if we do n't it wo n't matter if there 's 2 million or 20 billion of us , in the end we will perish if we do n't wise up . 
  humans breed and that wo n't change as long as we exist . 
  it wo n't stop . 
  instead , use your energy to find the best solutions and spread the word ( because it 's unlikely you 're in a position to actually do anything about it with how you 're spewing your message ) and you might actually help . 
  using less water when you shower wo n't stop monsanto polluting the water with their pesticides or plastic factories from dumping their excesses into the nearby lakes and streams . 
  fact : we have the technologies to rid ourselves of oil dependancy . 
  fact : we have materials and methods to do everything either so that it can go back into the natural ecosystem or cycled in a technological system . 
  fact : we have enough food to feed everyone on this earth twice over . 
  fact : all humans could comfortably fit into south america ( land-wise ) . 
  fact : we are running out of time . 
  fact : we will suffer great damages before we change our ways radically . 
  fact : humans will survive in one form or another for a long time to come . 
  fact : decreasing populations is achieved by increasing the standard of living in `` developing '' countries . 
  but hey , i have * no problems * whatsoever if you never reproduce . 
  that 's your choice , and frankly with your problem-focused and `` we 're a scourge to the earth '' attitude it seems it 's for the better . 
  one of my lucid dreams started with me and my friends stuck in some nazi warehouse moving around boxes of fragile glass ( big swastika flag hanging from the wall of said warehouse ) . 
  i drop my tray and shatter the glasses onto the floor . 
  people stop and look toward me , then through the crowd a commander/high-ranking guard comes barging through , takes out his pistol and proceeds to point it toward me in one swift motion . 
  i remember covering my face with my hand as protection , pleading for my life . 
  he proceeds to shoot me several times , through my hand and into my face , into my body etc. 
  ( probably 3-4 shots in total ) . 
  i feel my face lying coldly against the floor , all the sounds fading away , the nazi yelling orders for everyone to get back to work , the slow commencement of feet shuffling ... and i 'm thinking to myself `` i 'm dead . 
  this is what it is ... but it ca n't be !, 
  i ca n't be dead , i 'm in a dream !, 
  i 'm in a dream ! '', 
  and so i open my eyes ( in the dream ) , get up to the horror of the nazi ( for some reason i 'm standing taller than i did before i went down ) and proceed to walk towards him like a towering terminator/superman . 
  with a horrified face he continues to shoot at me to no avail , i grab him and throw him across the warehouse . 
  people start running in all directions as more guards come to face their doom . 
  i do n't remember the end of that dream ( or if it even had one , must 've slipped back into normal mode ) but i imagine i liberated the warehouse and went on to destroy the third reich by myself . 
  vocals need work in the mixing , they get drowned at times by the instrumentation and also they have n't been tweaked to remove that god-awful room presence that 's felt in there ( experiment more with soundproofing and mic placement ) . 
  otherwise , i liked the instrumentation quite a bit but ca n't give too much feedback on them since they 're fairly balanced and i do n't have monitors to hear this on right now . 
  biggest sticking point is the vox . 
  yeah , i doubt they 'd freeze in the middle of the guy taking it out ... more reasonable would be right after or before an action . 
  seeing as your solution to the big problem ( in essence ) is `` die '' i 'm surprised you have * any * time in your day . 
  holy shit that sounds like a ton of awesome . 
  nothing like that over here in scandinavia unfortunately , at least on halloween : /, 
  awesome ama , thanks a lot for doing this !, 
  there is no evil , only stupidity !, 
  illegalize , there 's a word i can get behind !, 
  gah , i was afraid this would be what it is when i saw the title !, 
  it 's ignorant and unscientific to believe we can learn everything we can about another planet from earth . 
  sure those environments have similarities but how will you discover missing pieces without a presence on that which might yield untold stories about its history . 
  mars used to have water and conditions similar to earths when life formed , there are many factors that make it possible that mars might have had bacterial life first that got thrown onto earth after a meteor impact on mars . 
  maybe that 's what caused the meteor belt ? 
  i want to reserve a vacation in the mars hotel ( or the cheaper martian hostel ) during my lifetime !, 
  i 'd say philosophy redefines questions by examining issues ( for example to showing x is n't a problem because of y , and thus y is the issue at hand ) and thus it 's instrumental in all human striving . 
  i watched some interview where a philosopher talked about working with scientists to figure out some stuff together ( tomt ) , it was quite fascinating . 
  i 'd say philosophy is self-help in the passive sense that by redefining you break and remake concepts that shape your world , but that 's only a certain part of philosophy , a lot of issues lie in very abstract or niche corners . 
  book sex ? 
  that 's some old school flavor right there . 
  simply awesome , that guy has some serious focus and skill . 
  i 've never seen a 180 turn like that !, 
  ok , so this is the reverse-engineering of religion through various channels and is n't directly about confusion ( confusion = god meme ? 
  ) , but this is definitely worth watching for some brilliant logic and insightful commentary . 
  yeah , not sober , stuck inside , and burning because of some drunk idiots foolishness . 
  it 's not as if the institution of `` guardians '' is bad , protection is a valuable thing to have in society and it 's even better when it 's an institution with a strict code and ethical procedures . 
  you can guess where things have gone wrong , 
  yeah i poop on the lid for the same reason . 
  do it !, 
  you 're really that challenged ? 
  yeah , thank the lord for our great system which does n't send sons and daughters falsely away from their families to live eternity ( read : rest of their existence ) alone in a concrete box . 
  thankfully this is n't privatized and it 's not like anyone is making any money out of it !, 
  exactly how and to what end ? 
   the babble says, 
  brilliant !, 
  iirc christianity gave us the dark ages , not the enlightenment ... 
  dunno why you were downmodded , electromagnetism runs this joint !, 
  anyone else start humanizing that clay so much there was a moment of oddness when suddenly half his `` skull '' is removed at the end for the hat ?
