  - all of this is voluntary . 
  - there is always more . 
  - you are the adventure . 
  i heard that back in the day people would disburse a chunk of cash and carefully remove the bills that were in the middle ( between the first and last ) . 
  after x seconds the machine would think you forgot to take your money , it would slip the cash back in and return the full charge onto your account . 
  i hear that nowadays that trick has been disabled :p shame . 
  now that 's what i call thinking !, 
  that phone was kick-ass . 
  got me into reversi , 
  dried herbs ? 
  heresy !, 
  funny how such things can be true and untrue at the same time , depending on how you look at things . 
  i think it 'd be ridiculous to say that no one in education cares about their students , even at the highest level . 
  path to hell is paved with good intentions ... 
  you 've never heard of [ dream theater ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dream_theater ) or youtube descriptions , i guess :p, 
  internet has yet to implement sarcasm api 's , it 's all filtered out due to the ever-prevalent assholepatrol \u2122 . 
  you must be the overachiever of your class , no ? 
  true , but is setting a sense of norms avoidable ? 
  we 're all human after all . 
  in the ib ( international baccalaureate ) they have theory of knowledge classes that are mandatory despite your subject selection that deals broadly with epistemology and ethics , which i think is somewhat representative of what we need in our educational systems . 
  but if we continue on a path of training people to become box-checkers instead of critical and abstract thinkers then we have huge problems down the road . 
  the influence he 's had on music speaks for itself . 
  why berate a man who has given his best to the world ? 
  respect those doing it and hope that one day you 'll find it inside yourself to pursue your passions with every fiber in your being . 
  i 'd rather watch a heinously fat chick dance then hear the lamentations of a depressed , weeping , i 'm - good-for-nothing man . 
  but yeah , rather stick to the healthy side of life , 
  hopefully i 'll have my cash by monday so i can continue going to the gym , had to pause for a week because i could n't pay my monthly dues :p, 
  let us know what needs to be done !, 
  you do n't have to fear shit , russia has bigger fish to fry than finland . 
  finland is ** obsessed ** with russia as its problem ever since the wars . 
  finland 's largest minority group ( after swedes , who practically own and run finland ) are russians and the history of finland ( besides the wars ) is defined by involvement with russia . 
  finland is a very xenophobic society in general , although that has been decimating the last few decades ( thankfully ) with the introduction of somali and kurdish refugees that are now already in their third generation and have integrated despite the odds . 
  in finland if you 're a foreigner you 're a drain on society if you 're on welfare , if you 're employed then you 're robbing jobs from finns . 
  lose-lose . 
  i 've read predictions that finland needs roughly 2 million foreign workers in their workforce to be able to continue being competitive in the markets as the majority of the finnish work force will retire in the next twenty years and does n't have the necessary workforce to replace them . 
  and as for that sweden owning finland comment : finland was a part of sweden for over half a century ( edit : i meant millenia ) and during that time it was a crime to speak finnish . 
  swedish is still finland 's second official language and you must learn it in junior and high school , unless specially exempt . 
  nearly all swede-finns are upper class and their political party has a large influence . 
  and yes , i 'm a russian who spent 17 years in finland , did the finnish army and bawl over laughing every time anyone mentions russia invading finland . 
  finland 's a great country that would be greater if it did n't try to hold onto its self-created identity so much . 
  finland is corrupt , although less directly ( see the election funding scandal from last year ) , the people are some of the coldest i 've ever met . 
  it 's just another country freezing its ass off in the northern hemisphere , thinking the world revolves around it , 
  ram is n't too expensive nowadays but sure shows its difference in computer performance . 
  video links i found in the download :, 
  curren $ y : `` rapper weed '' http://www.bit.ly/pinum, 
  tanya morgan : `` posted '' http://bit.ly/4qlaus, 
  emilio rojas , scheme , and astonish : `` helluva year '', 
  truck north and big pooh : `` dutch dalton '', 
  kith , chip tha ripper , mikkey halsted , and donnis : `` fresh academy '', 
  amanda diva : `` i can see '' http://www.bit.ly/6bknuk, 
  skyzoo and rhymefest : `` crack the code '' http://bit.ly/dn6u04, 
  curt@!n$, hollywood holt , and u-n-i : `` so cold '' http://bit.ly/1pqjjt ( full video coming soon ), 
  bun b , glc , and bj the chicago kid : `` happiness before riches '' http://bit.ly/aiegup, 
  do n't confuse reality with the internets . 
  exactly , the self-identity is poor little finland against the tyrant sovi ... russia . 
  k80b , your framing of the issue is admirable but it 's not merely `` oh look at how russia is stone age compared to finland '' which i admit is rampant . 
  crime and immorality is n't shielded from the accusations , to the quality of weather !, 
  all i need to demonstrate is for you to think of a russian woman living in finland . 
  analyze that archetype and tell me finland is n't scapegoating . 
  making such a point stretches it though , finland is an awesome place to live and has a lot going for it , the problem is that people really do n't feel the gratitude of their circumstances because everything is the way it is . 
  i personally believe that this combined with the lack of sun for much of the year is the reason finland is in the top 3 worldwide suicide rates . 
  of course the term uppper class is highly subjective and in finland no one lives in absolute poverty , the state does theoretically support every finn with a house and 300e of money to buy basic necessities , although finland is a very expensive to live in , a basic home-made salad with meat can easily run you 10 euros . 
  i like your cherry-picking of my comment and expecting me to merely parrot back responses to the things you feel addressing . 
  i love humanity and am doing my utmost to put out material to facilitate communication . 
  de pasa nada , let 's move on . 
  i really do n't hate finland , how can i ? 
  my identity is forged by my past and i do not abhor people , but from my perspective i 've seen sides not usually discussed . 
  this issue cuts straight through the essence of my identity , even though i do my best to transcend imposed limitations . 
  i 'll be the first to admit i 'm just another monkey with too big of a brain for its own good . 
  intense like saw sequels , pusher triology or a serbian film ? 
  no , i remember this . 
  it was a psychologist who was haunted by a serial killer who said something about being able to pick a victim merely by their gait , she researched it and found that there was some truth to it . 
  interesting points , but chomsky is chomsky . 
  they just had an hour long interview with assange for example . 
  i 'd rather have more npr then fox , ` namsaying ? 
  so you 're still a student trying to cover it up ? 
  i appreciate the time and effort you put into your responses . 
  i 'm far from offended , 
  and as far as the russian woman living in finland i attempted to conjure the stereotypical `` whore '' imagery usually associated with russian women , as the fashion culture sticks out a lot in a country like finland , where genders are more androgenous . 
  but great job , keep working your english , you had me going for a fluent writer/speaker , 
  we had an awkward pictures thread ? 
  hey man , thousands think the world is flat . 
  we just do n't get it , you know ? 
  * they live *, 
  if you 're not willing to give time to become good at something then you 're not willing to give at all , do n't fool yourself . 
  same for me in spain . 
  solid game , congratulations on a great night !, 
  [ put you on game ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znqq0uzwufg ) . 
  slippery slope , i would n't mind though if we got some tight funk and breaks into this subreddit as well . 
   no one has asked this , but it is inevitable , but what sort of new predictions does this theory make ? 
  an important thing to remember is that theory is brand new . 
  he published it january 2009 so much of the work over the last year or so has been with solving the theory . 
  just like general relativity , it 's highly nonlinear and thus very difficult to solve . 
  physicists have solution techniques which bla bla bla ... 
   so what does it predict that other theories do n't predict ? 
  to my knowledge , people are just starting to work these out . 
  mostly it is because the theory is brand new , much of the literature is in solving it and trying to find new solutions . 
  from these solutions , one can find new observable things to look for . 
  of course , bla bla bla ... 
  if you ca n't say what it predicts , just say it .
