  i 'm not trying to make you feel bad , just know that your sentence did n't make much sense to some folks , including yours truly . 
  yeah , who would want to ingest chemicals ? 
  but seriously , we 're better off using natural products , 
  this is why i love reddit . 
  i had these sentiments and come here to find this as the top comment , articulating beautifully the pitiful propaganda that this time issue is . 
   ... the pitiful propaganda that is time . 
   ftfy, 
  no matter how complex of a dream you may have , in the end it 's all in your head . 
  you are constantly experiencing the universe as if you 're its center . 
  everything has and can be expressed in frequencies . 
  life is inevitable . 
  unfortunately it is n't nin :( thanks for helping tho !, 
  does n't hurt to google / [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_matter ) your question , ya know ? 
   dark matter plays a central role in state-of-the-art modeling of structure formation and galaxy evolution , and has measurable effects on the anisotropies observed in the cosmic microwave background . 
  all these lines of evidence suggest that galaxies , clusters of galaxies , and the universe as a whole contain far more matter than that which interacts with electromagnetic radiation . 
  the largest part of dark matter , which does not interact with electromagnetic radiation , is not only `` dark '' but also , by definition , utterly transparent . 
   as important as dark matter is believed to be in the universe , direct evidence of its existence and a concrete understanding of its nature have remained elusive . 
  though the theory of dark matter remains the most widely accepted theory to explain the anomalies in observed galactic rotation , some alternative theoretical approaches have been developed which broadly fall into the categories of modified gravitational laws , and quantum gravitational laws . 
  share share share !, 
  has n't stopped the pirates before  you 'd think there 'd at least be a screener available by now :p, 
  had plans to go to tanzania and run a business with a friend , they fell through , was stuck in my old life , friend recently moved to spain , asked if i want to come and start a business there , accepted . 
  now 7th month in barcelona and loving it . 
  just have to push myself a bit more to work and achieve instead of constant partying . 
  it 's a nice problem to have , 
  if i had access to a pre-release of any movie i 'd definitely make that available , 
  seriously , there is no good quality release of iron man 2 . 
  the `` screeners '' you refer to are telesync 'd . 
  who are you as a person ? 
  do you lead an interesting life ? 
  are you the prize ? 
  you 're giving a lot of logic , where is your * feeling * ? 
  you 're very in your head . 
  you want statistics , you want methods . 
  you fail to realize we 're * human * and to us * truth and reality change constantly * . 
  demonstration :, 
  you meet your dear friend and feel great , seeing him after eight hours of work and a long meeting you 're happy to meet someone you can be level with and just relax . 
  for some reason you two end up in an argument over a debt he owes you . 
  you exchange heated words and part ways . 
  now you 're only processing negative things about him , thinking about how stupid he is . 
  you might tell yourself he 's a good human being on some level but you 're pretty much thinking what a drain it is to have friends who can be so bone-headed . 
  you get a call from a girl you 've been talking to . 
  suddenly your mind lets go of the anger and feels tranquil , focused . 
  you pick up the call and lead the opening well . 
  she asks if you 've ever seen the show at the local park , you say you have n't . 
  she invites you to join her and her friends tomorrow . 
  you agree and end the call . 
  now you 're mind mills over the girl . 
  you 've been keeping at bay but your mind naturally thinks of you with her , thinking how her positive characteristics meld with your personality . 
  you get home . 
  as you are opening the door you 're not thinking about the chores that await you that you grudgedly thought about earlier in the morning , instead you feel a sense of being on top of things . 
  you walk in and sweep a stack of papers you 've been meaning to throw out for a few days as you walk toward the kitchen . 
  after having a bite to eat , you sit down at your computer . 
  you shake the cursor and what is this ? 
  before you even consciously acknowledge exactly what you 're seeing ( friend ? ), 
  you have adrenaline shoot a little in your body . 
  you feel yourself tensing as you see your friends face on the computer , you were editing photos of your camping trip last week . 
  `` you were mad at him when you saw him last , you have good reason still to be angry '' goes the whispered monologue inside your mind . 
  you close the program and go read reddit . 
  the reading does n't help though . 
  your mind is arguing with your friend . 
  how could he possibly not want to pay that ten bucks ? 
  we agreed he 'd pay me back when i paid for our food . 
  the headlines go scrolling past as you look for something that catches your attention . 
  10 ways to make your life more fulfilling . 
  i lost my best friend today to cancer ama . 
  you 're frustrated at the circles your mind keeps doing around the subject and your friend . 
  you let go . 
  you relax a little and feel your anger subsiding . 
  you remember how he once paid for your cars repairs and that you never paid him for that . 
  sure , he was on the road trip with you and had to get home but 150 bucks is n't chump change . 
  you remember the great times you had together , the camping trip last week . 
  you decide to make amends when you see him next . 
  you notice there 's no food and go shopping . 
  from across the aisle you see your friend . 
  what a coincidence !, 
  you feel elated and happy at the sight of him as you 've been thinking nice things all the way to the grocery store . 
  he sees you and seems to become slightly upset and uncomfortable . 
  you go up to him with a smile and you see a slight confusion in his mind . 
  you apologize for your behavior , you guys shake hands and talk some crap . 
  next day you go to the park and fuck everything up because you try forcing your expectations and frame ( aka your reality ) onto the situation and do not catch the waves rippling in the moment . 
  ok that was a wall of text but i hope you understand that rationality and pure reason are products of the intellect . 
  without words to manipulate symbols we are creatures in the moment , living . 
  whatever you think the world is , that 's what it is . 
  by observing , you affect . 
  the i that goes to sleep is not the i that wakes up , if you think things are cut and dry then i 'm sorry , you 're cheating yourself out of the wonders of the universe . 
  ** tl ; dr ** you ca n't have it all your way . 
  if you think you know what the world is and what reality is all about then you 're preventing your own growth . 
  i 'd suggest checking out david deangelo 's double your dating ebook and especially his man transformation series . 
  that sounds positive and exciting . 
   the country , in its first world cup since 1966 , lost all three group games -- including a 7-0 defeat to portugal . 
   the broadcast of live games had been banned to avoid national embarrassment , but after the spirited 2-1 defeat to brazil , state television made the portugal game its first live sports broadcast ever . 
  snap !, 
  but after the supreme court ruling that stated that having under 30 grams on your person is not a crime i thought police do n't bother with petty things , except facilitation/selling and public smoking ( and that quite leniently ) ? 
  excuse me , but i think if a woman came up to him with genuine interest he would make her turn away unless she desperately wanted him . 
  i mean , do you think in the ideal world women would go extra miles just to see if the guy deep down is a great guy ? 
  would you try to see the `` classic '' side of a run down cadillac when you 're out buying a car for yourself ? 
  his problem is n't his race or if he 's repsonsible . 
  his problem is that he hates himself and thus others . 
  he feels he 's wronged and disadvantaged and and and and, 
  live like a winner , be a winner .
