  we have plenty of oil in the ground , but its more expensive than ever to get it in a tank due to economic factors ( see eroei ) . 
  your site mobile ux is pretty bad . 
  it 's also smaller and lighter than a phone and has straps that might take most of the impact , meaning it should have less of a risk of cracking . 
  but these new curved displays counter any benefits and make me imagine dropping it even once could be tragic . 
  thats why his lineage rules the world, 
  i 'm cracking up , what a video !, 
  they replaced mine for free just because of that small aesthetic issue , and i 'm in finland and outside the us we usually do n't get the magical apple service . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  jimson weed is datura , no ? 
   ~ ~ news website ~ ~, 
  press release archive page, 
  simple games like board games etc. 
  will typically run on even the oldest hardware . 
  carcassone runs on the first ipad/iphone 3gs . 
  scrabble i think had the option of linking tablet and smartphones for one big game ? 
  normally yes , but it seems / u/captainnono `` spends his life driving '', 
  with great dj hosts and programs hosted by the likes of josh homme , elton john , dr. dre , etc. 
  for me it really is a lot of fun to listen to . 
  did n't ever really like internet radio and do n't listen to normal radio , beats1 is fresh and has already helped me discover new artists and records . 
  siri ca n't control volume , ~ ~ shuffle music , ~ ~ play playlists and is in general is quite inept at local music . 
  after 8.4 though i can ask it to play certain artists , genres , moods , etc. 
  `` play me some blues '' or `` play me some workout music '' ( usually horrible edm ) and chart toppers , but i agree the functionality leaves a lot to ask for . 
  any word from ios 9 testers if things have gotten better ? 
  ** edit ** apparently shuffling works via siri , iirc it did n't work for me on ios 7 ( had n't tried before ) , but now i tried and it works . 
  yay !, 
  sorry , it can technically play playlists ( if you ask really nicely , my success rate is about 50 % ) but it ca n't put playlists to play in shuffle . 
  take light affairs seriously and serious affairs lightly , i.e. 
  if you take good care of the small stuff , the big stuff will sort itself out . 
  thanks , obama . 
  you do n't lose the space , it needs the space for unpacking the installation file and having room to move files around . 
  that space comes back ( and can even increase after redundant system files are deleted ) . 
  solving your problems ( random music library deletion is not a feature ) is most likely as easy as plugging your phone to a computer , backing up to itunes ( encrypt to keep passwords as well as app and any health data ) and restoring . 
  if restoring your phone does n't solve the issues , you need to take the phone to repairs . 
  not sure , iirc i 've always had to give email pwds again . 
  [ encrypting stores the following ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-gb/ht203790 ) that unencrypted do n't ( health data does n't go to icloud regardless ), 
   your saved passwords, 
   wi-fi settings, 
   website history, 
   health data, 
  kinda hard to accomplish when you dont even have the units available to sell . 
  imo the `` exclusive '' rollout was a mistake . 
  next version will prob have a more traditional release . 
  battery life . 
  and that whole rewriting software and losing control over their soc , yeah . 
  it 's definitely over normal , but everything in that photo has a similar over-red/over-orange hue that i think allows these photos to get away with it , it gives them a certain `` look '' that at least the client was very appreciative of :d previous photographers all went bw because of the horrid lighting . 
  thanks for the feedback though , i understand where you 're coming from and something i need to always look out for to avoid bayhem , 
  funny that i 'm angry at the people filming with their phones but the only reason i 'm seeing this is because someone behind them is doing the same . 
  rip the ears of those who attended that event . 
  awesome !, 
  i do stand corrected , it works now for me too . 
  time to doubt my own memories :p, 
  wb is actually at its absolute setting . 
  i suppose a mask could push it further ... will need to try next time !, 
  most people do not buy their mac chargers from the online store and an even smaller fraction of those users leave reviews . 
  this is an issue . 
  lightroom mobile syncs smart folders to the web via creative cloud that you can access with mobile devices . 
  does not need lightroom cc to actually be running on your computer at the same time . 
  your one sentence description of the issue makes it hard to pinpoint what you 're getting at . 
  aka day 's last cardio session, 
  damn that stuntman had seen some shit . 
  aka positive problems, 
  til !, 
  [ found this great article that explained it further for me ] ( https://photographylife.com/how-to-get-accurate-canon-colors-in-lightroom ) , new import preset created !, 
  thanks . 
  that dynamic range in film . 
  1 ) is easy , dont eat out of bowls with something inside . 
  there was that small chunk that was removed . 
  as it was the only piece , it prob tasted the best . 
  actually # 3 is the easiest to have today because there are cases that give the iphone wireless charging capabilities . 
  the idea i suppose would be to keep your phone in that case throughout the day . 
  many of those cases have additional features ( e.g. 
  more battery and/or space ) so you 're not just carrying it to have wireless charging . 
  lazy . 
  no masking to account for building depth , i.e. 
  you have half-blurred buildings in the image . 
  how are we to feel we 're looking at a 3d representation when you applied a blur like this was a 2d image ? 
  compared to when ? 
  even in the skate or die times his voice was as hoarse as it is today . 
  what is true finnish culture that is somehow independent from the rest of the world ? 
  even karelian pie has rice in it !, 
  how about the muslim tatars that have lived in finland for hundreds of years ? 
  i understand your point , but you did n't answer the question of what is true finnish culture that nationalistic finns are so scared of losing ? 
  imo that has never existed , as finland never had the time to truly develop a culture distinct from all others as even the language is barely a few hundred years old . 
  this is n't to say finland lacks culture , but that finland 's culture is multicultural from the get-go , although the saami might disagree but i doubt that immonen was referring to their way of life/culture . 
  tatars were an example of muslim culture coexisting and even feeding finnish culture even before its independence as a counter to / u/ofermod 's contrast of finn vs. arabic culture . 
  and yes , i 'm wondering what the tfc is that true finns feel is at risk of being lost . 
  and yes , i mean finnish as we know it today . 
  distinguished gentlemen , indeed . 
  so please define in some way this finnish culture that is at risk of being lost . 
  there is a grave danger in using concepts without defining them , as it provides carte blache reasoning to attack whatever is seen at the moment as a threat , e.g. 
  swedish-speaking professors . 
  geez . 
  the lust for money is the root of all evil, 
  i was not ready for that . 
  rip meek mill 's career . 
  easier said than done . 
  even educated upperclass moms in california are not vaccinating their kids because of unfounded beliefs . 
  imagine the struggle of convincing someone in poverty that everything their ancestors believed in is not true . 
  thats not just belief , thats part of their identity . 
  awesome writeup once again !,
