  how do you consume ? 
  with cigarette ? 
  yeah , that sounds like the solution i 'm in need of . 
  thanks !, 
  [ / r/tipofmytongue ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tipofmytongue ) are pros at this kind of stuff . 
  and i thought we had seen the last of the greats . 
  bravo !, 
  update : in addition to real terminations there have been reports of scam emails . 
  however , we have additional information which proves without a doubt that rapidhare is indeed targeting distributors of copyrighted material more aggressively by terminating their accounts . 
  we will publish this in the coming days . 
  we removed the quotes from the email we posted here earlier to avoid confusion . 
  update : a rapidshare spokesperson just confirmed that they are indeed terminating accounts of copyright infringers . 
  `` i can confirm that we reserve the right to terminate the accounts of users that do not act according to our terms and conditions , '' we were told . 
  funny how much the legs resemble the muscles in the arms when she 's sqweezing the life out of that melon . 
  sexy . 
  mathematics has been unable to provide proof of pure randomness and thus expresses it in terms of probability . 
  there can always be a higher level of order , i.e. 
  a pattern . 
  i 'd recommend watching the bbc documentary [ the secret life of chaos ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hackykflius ) , it 's a great review on chaos theory and its history as well as many other related topics . 
   you have to write php in your templates , wtf is with that !? 
  shame it 's got $ 250 price tag and extra for some modules . 
  looks pretty sweet though . 
  they got a great intro video , 
  i 'm interested , definitely gon na look into this . 
  anything special i need to know or be warned of ? 
   someone said that this was a hoax and i agree . 
  i did n't realize we had a detective among us . 
  ama ? 
  reads like something ricky would say . 
  i 'm sorry , but having sparse kicks and a wobbly bass does n't make it dubstep . 
  this having more than one snare is enough in itself to classify it as something else , this song is more prog pop rock . 
  do n't worry , be happy , 
  have an upvote . 
  i told her to stroke it in tillicum . 
  [behance.net ] ( http://www.behance.net ) - fucking awesome, 
  [ deviantart ] ( http://www.deviantart.com ) - check their daily deviations, 
  http://www . 
  download the commericalsound plugin , duh !, 
  it only has one button , you ca n't go wrong . 
  now i just have to find children to be my kids ... 
  aspartame is poison , steer away from it . 
  use natural stevia if you want an awesome low-calorie sweetener , and organic honey is quite nice , although it has calories . 
  but i 'd steer as much as possible from artificial sweeteners . 
  splenda is alright , but the recommended doses are [ ridiculously small ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/splenda#health_and_safety_regulation ) :, 
   splenda usually contains 95 % dextrose and maltodextrin which the body readily metabolizes , combined with a small amount of indigestible sucralose . 
  sucralose is derived from table sugar ( sucrose ) through a patented , multi-step process that selectively substitutes three chlorine atoms for three hydrogen-oxygen groups on the sugar molecule . 
  the tightly bound chlorine atoms create a molecular structure that is remarkably stable . 
  [ 11 ] sucralose itself is recognized as safe to ingest as a diabetic sugar substitute , [ 12 ] [ 13 ] but some splenda products may contain sugars or other carbohydrates that should be evaluated individually . 
  research as of 2003 suggested that the amount of sucralose that can be consumed on a daily basis over a person 's lifetime without any adverse effects is 15 mg/kg/day , or about 1 g for a 70 kilogram ( 150 lb ) person . 
  this was revised downward in 2008 to 9 mg/kg/day , or about 0.6 g. 
  stevia is n't an artificial sweetener although there is a synthetic version as well . 
  and just because something is artificially manufactured does n't mean it 's inherently worse than a natural counterpart , it 's all about the structure of the chemical in question . 
  one of the greatest alive !, 
  i just watched the razor 's edge with bill . 
  fantastic film , highly recommend it . 
  that pain vs. the pain of extensive dental surgery once all your teeth are in bad shape . 
  you choose . 
  the wife ? 
  ingrown toenails during my childhood . 
  very painful , having to change socks daily due to the puss that would leak from the wounds , not being able to walk without feeling discomfort and any form of sports was painful . 
  classmates did n't understand it , thought it was strange i was in pain by merely walking . 
  got surgery on it finally , all is well now . 
  these stories are heartbreaking . 
  splenda safety consumption level is at 0.6 g/day for an adult . 
  wiki it for citations . 
  i do n't understand why people do n't see the damage all the propaganda this tv show pushes onto its viewers . 
  the ticking timebomb scenario to justify torture , that terrorism is an actual , constant threat thwarted by intelligence and counter-terrorist agencies , etc. 
  it 's sickening . 
  ** protip : ** open bags upside-down to re-season your chips for extra flavor . 
  that said , try eating dried fruits instead , 
   but the few times i have hinted at her doing the same she has been really against it . 
  i usually just let it pass because she is very giving when it comes to other areas . 
  talk about it when you 're not in the heat of the moment , when you feel you 're both very `` aware '' or in other words actively in the moment rather than in reaction-mode . 
  this is about the health of your relationship and communicating your desires as well as having them fulfilled . 
  if you keep this issue from her ( and it is an issue , no matter how minor you want to play it off as ) , it will only eat at your relationship . 
  your goal should be to have a perfectly satisfying relationship . 
  you can not have this without talking about it with her , you can not have it without her acknowledging and satisfying your desires . 
  most likely she 's got pre-conceived notions or a few bad experiences that are stifling her sexual explorations and empowerment , help her through these things . 
  act , do n't be passive on this issue !, 
  the headphone masterpiece ( the album ) was recorded with basic arrangements at his home on a 4-track tape recorder , it is arguably the only prominent instance of the lo-fi aesthetic being applied to contemporary r&b music . 
  i was going for that and felt it was right , but succumbed to the auto-spellcheck . 
  make a name for yourself , make beat tapes , visit [ audible hype ] ( http://www.audiblehype.com ) and read up on things . 
  as i said , make a name for yourself . 
  make your own website , publish beat tapes using tunecore.com to get everything on itunes , amazon , etc. 
  and promote the hell out of yourself , befriend everyone who you come across and network with other aspiring musicians/producers . 
  this is n't a one-man game , the more people you know and befriend the more you 'll get recommendations to work in projects , through time the projects will get larger . 
  i hope you get the picture . 
  all chechnya has left are women and children , it 's heinous what russia has done in chechnya , although that by no means justifies these acts of terrorism . 
  the story is complicated , but there are no innocent parties in war . 
   but what was i supposed to do , ask for her number ? 
  have a pleasant conversation descend into a mating game ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  her to suggest a blowjob ? 
  she was giving all the signs , what are you , afraid of coming off creepy for wanting to make new social contacts ? 
  even if it does n't work out romantically you could still make a new friend . 
  get your head out of your ass !, 
  what were your reasons ? 
  nearly all the 500d 's i 've found on ebay are going for roughly 500 euros . 
  who produces the program ? 
  what is it about ?
