  awesome freckles , 
  belongs more to r/wtf if you ask me . 
  get the genius of photography ( bbc4 ) and masters of photography documentary series . 
  and get some books . 
  i 'd recommend canon 550d , just remember to read up on the ef vs. ef-s lens types . 
  get a few prime lenses , a telephoto and a macro as well if you can . 
  ditch the kit lens . 
  i recommend joining [ r/photography ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/photography ), 
  happy shooting !, 
  be sure to get uv/nd/etc . 
  filters and one good lens to start with . 
  extra batteries might be handy . 
  hope they made a good choice !, 
  not to mention digital copies are far more environmentally friendly than their physical counterparts . 
  or paranormal activity , which budgeted around 15k . 
  she 's got some dope recipes and it 's nice she puts in work to make the instructions clear and the food look delicious . 
  two forks up !, 
  shit , i hope this movie exists . 
  i want to see this . 
  ok , so i moved to spain a few months back . 
  well who cares what city , right ? 
  acutally , spain is not just one country , it 's a collection of provinces that have their own culture and habits . 
  barcelona resides in catalunya , which not wants to identify itself as an independent country but has its own language , catalan , which is a mix of many languages and hard as fuck to learn . 
  now i do n't speak spanish , but i 'm avid to learn it . 
  the city organizes free lessons , but i have yet to get myself on one . 
  why ? 
  classes start in september , or it 's only for non-eu citizens , or it 's only catalan , or they do n't understand english . 
  if i had enough money i could pay for lessons , but i unfortunately ca n't . 
  i 'm picking up spanish talking with people who live here , but i 'd really need the theoretical basis to get the most out of my interactions . 
  ** tl ; dr ** sure , but sometimes it 's friggin ' hard . 
  managed to implement multitasking without removing performance , yet this will only be for 3gs . 
  hmph . 
  i wonder what will the 2g iphone get ? 
  iads ? 
  run far away, 
  nde 's to my knowledge occur when there is no activity in the brain so i do n't get all these theories purporting body activity to be the cause of the experiences . 
  alternatively ( and imo easier albeit a tad slower in stream ) use [ hotspot shield ] ( http://www.hotspotshield.com/ ) . 
  whoa , i just had an idea last month for an instrument that would mimic the human `` voice box '' . 
  future , here we come !, 
  it just kept growing and growing !, 
  tell me about it ... 
  at least you 're not thinking about crying babies . 
   people are turning their back on god and as a result the whole world is going so crazy even the animals are losing their minds and it needs to stop so let 's put jesus back into our children 's textbooks it 's what the founding fathers would have wanted, 
  youtube comments never cease to amaze :d, 
  now that 's a proper wipe-out !, 
  what we need are documentaries about science that are accurate and still entertaining to combat the nonsense , there 's no other way about it . 
  * we could always force nations to undertake science lessons for several years ... *, 
  hey now , [ positive thinking and optimism ] ( http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=50849 ) have been scientifically proven to be worthwhile !, 
  also , [ teach yourself to be lucky ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/3304496/be-lucky-its-an-easy-skill-to-learn.html ) , 
  life is for living !, 
  have a great day . 
  yes , we have reached the epitome of science documentaries . 
  let 's keep showing them the 80 's stuff every time some new pseudoscience video comes up . 
  seriously , we need to get proactive , not retroactive . 
  power to bill nye , but he 's history on top of which we need to build better stuff , because the bs ` ers are getting more and more sophisticated by the year , science and rationality ca n't take a sideline and be happy with its certainty and rightness , it needs to assert itself but in a much more appealing fashion than dawkins and although great strides are being made , the best is yet to come . 
  i hope . 
   every child is an artist . 
  the problem is to remain an artist once he grows up . 
  burden of proof lies elsewhere , my friend . 
  you really dropped your story after the whole `` turn off the tv '' incident . 
  look , it seems you 're mulling the thoughts around without realizing the obvious truth : you are a fucking ape , ok ? 
  a monkey . 
  do n't place too big of a burden on yourself . 
  everything 's just perky , you 're breathing are n't you ? 
  as for the anxiety and other negatives , i 'd say pick up meditation . 
  and by meditation i merely mean ( at least for starters ) on observing your breath . 
  do n't try changing it or controlling it , although you will and that will lead in time to interesting discoveries , just force your focus to observe the various components of your breathing . 
  that is the essence of life and that is what transcends thoughts and holds the key to self-control , - understanding and - realization . 
  take it easy with the 'd . 
  analyze , live and only then go back to the microscope . 
  like watts said , hang up once you get the message . 
  sounds pretty nice albeit it 's obvious they 're new to the game . 
  where is their mixtape/album ?!, 
  nothing on their myspace either :p, 
  lupe is one of the most underrated rappers of our time . 
  that man spits fire and does it intelligently and with style . 
  [ this is one of the most amazing freestyles ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moobven_vho ) i 've ever heard . 
  no , everything performers do during their shows is spontaneous . 
  they 're born with it . 
  i can only imagine how his mind was racing after the call with gaga , `` right this way , here , play the piece '', 
  not as refined of a performance as his first , but that kid handled the pressure like a champ . 
  technically , did jason have the mic on him or was the audio leveled in post to make it sound so balanced ? 
  in any case , wonderful music , 
  the kind you never set foot in . 
  think of the kind of presentations you could do , the motion videos to show your portfolio ... the possibilities are endless !, 
  obviously old steve had been downing a few and was in the mood for some ` sparring ' and ultimately these responses and following internet discussions will tilt the conversation in apple 's favor . 
  seriously , anyone who does n't see how this ups apple 's stock and helps re-enforce their message needs to read more chomsky and watch adam curtis documentaries . 
  the points raised about cost and member amount ( although 2,000 * could * be manageable , i 'm sure of it ) , also seasonal fluctuations would affect the infrastructure . 
  i 'd say the main thing is to figure out what this island would be , from its location to what it would offer , imo nurturing its inhabitants to expand upon the initial infrastructure to suit the needs of the evolving community and facilitate a sustainable ecology . 
  the longitude of the island ( s ) will greatly affect what crops and animals can be cultivated , it 's important to be able to be as independent as possible from external necessities . 
  figure out what reddit island should be at the start , figure out not only how much it will cost to get it to that point but also logistics and work force and then we can start figuring out how to get the required capital . 
  this is an excellent idea but seriously , without direction all the money in the world wo n't make this a success . 
  there 's been great advancements since the inception of this idea , the main thing now is to try and build a consensus to strive for . 
  no one is sipping pi\u00f1a coladas in a while , now is the time to crystallize as much as possible what this endeavor initially will be . 
  is the reddit posts , chat room and overview pages enough to collaborate this endeavor or should there be some sort of wiki-style website ? 
  i can do a promo video if needed , this idea is dope . 
  that 's a tight track right there . 
  it 's during a hangover that that food is gold . 
  idiots !, 
  it 's now consensus in science that salt does n't affect heart disease :,
