  it hurts to read such pure ignorance . 
  and the same actress plays nucky 's first wife !, 
  bad-ass !, 
  stay positive and enjoy your wonderful life , 
  lived in tanzania for a year , only suffered from malaria . 
  with artemisia it 's not bad . 
  serengeti and zanzibar are wicked awesome , the people are friendly and they know how to party . 
  everything on dreamhost . 
  malaria is technically a parasitic disease that prevents iron from metabolizing in your body . 
  basically feels like a bad flu . 
  artemisia is an herb-based medicine that forces iron to be taken in by the body . 
  reason people die from it is because they cant afford food or the drug ( 1 dollar for whole treatment ) or dont believe in western medicine . 
  the disease itself wasnt so bad , albeit unpleasant . 
  theres actually a lot of different malarias that target different organs and one is nothing unless its the worst - brain malaria , which is quite rare . 
  usually you have 2-8 malaria strains in you when you get sick . 
  the more the merrier as they fight each other for malarial dominance in your body . 
  this is a page i 've only started to work on , so it 's not optimized . 
  hard to work when theres 8s waiting time for each page request . 
  will go down in size as i get closer to completion . 
  depends , but ons ' are not too enjoyable . 
  knowing someone and their preferences and them knowing me is a much more powerful experience . 
  you obviously have no idea how science functions . 
  theory is not a light word , even gravity is a theory . 
  without evolution , biology makes no sense . 
  watch cosmos at least , or do some actual reading . 
  check out skeptic resources for some tools for forming solid opinions . 
  kinda goes against the whole idea . 
  i think folders would be replaced by personalized grouping . 
  the title of this post so bad ? 
  yeah that 's fun until you notice that aperture has somehow managed to lose the original jpeg file masters and you end up with only preview size remains of your best photos . 
  did you add those bent power lnes in post ? 
  great pic !, 
  4s was a big jump in camera quality , as well as 5s . 
  times square , so ghetto . 
  technically it would not be an open audience and facebook would be streaming the video . 
  you do n't have to support someone if you disagree with their opponent . 
  how can you promote gayness to a kid ? 
  we do n't choose our sexual orientation . 
  gay awareness can help people from an early age to understand there are different sexual orientations in life . 
  use the same lesson to warn against pedophiles . 
  check out the comic here ] ( http://www.comicbookresources.com/?page=article&amp;id=19043 ) to see how heavily `` inspired '' the movie was from steven moore 's creation . 
  fyi alan moore is of no relation . 
  apparently steven taught alan how to write for comic books . 
  collaborated together often . 
  `` pause the music on my mac '', 
  korben dallas . 
  probably not . 
  earlier homonids invented clothing before us sapiens ' evolved . 
  wow . 
  squash looks fantastic . 
  [ here 's a great introductory video i found , under 2 min ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gqsakz71tu ) . 
  if you 're curious about the court markings , [ i found this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xse7szmdce ) answered my questions . 
  star wars last hope, 
  you do n't really need to deal with itunes to setup or use an ipad . 
  yup . 
  [ vlc method ] ( http://ioshacker.com/how-to/transfer-videos-vlc-ios-without-itunes ) . 
  theres also a plethora of paid and free apps that do syncing of all media . 
  gaah tell me which one it was so i do n't have to find out myself !, 
  so you 're saying op 's environment just does n't cut the cheese ? 
  ye , common and lebron put together . 
  simple 4/4 with some glitching . 
  nothing difficult for any decent rapper . 
  shit beat tho . 
  great stuff !, 
  many of the shots , especially in the beginning , reminded me of wes anderson 's style . 
  lead reminds me of sam rockwell . 
  the build-up to around 8:20 felt a bit deflated with the voiceover not being particularly deep ( er ) , somehow felt it could have been more powerful . 
  from storytelling to framing to color correcting , this is a great short . 
  keep them coming !, 
  for you perhaps . 
  average android user might find the app more appealing and those users define market share %, 
  when you 're at your computer , plug in the phone asks in itunes backup the phone and restore . 
  whole thing takes 15 minutes and entering your password a couple times . 
  alternatively you can continue to have a bad experience and complain about it . 
  are you jailbroken ? 
  because if not then restoring from your backup will have your phone working as it was . 
  move it lower ? 
  bigger ram eats at battery life . 
  adding ram means the computer uses more power and battery life will decrease by some amount . 
  ram draws power all the time but more when it 's being accessed for read or write actions . 
  graphics and gameplay wise ? 
  smash hit , asphalt 8 , brothers in arms 3 , infinity blade iii . 
  gameplay ? 
  threes , hoplite , chess.com , spaceteam ( requires min . 
  2 players ) , wordbase . 
  it uses airplay to stream , but without mirroring , i.e. 
  it feeds the media so that the appletv plays it like native video content . 
  not op but there are so many great painting apps that 's it 's really a matter of choice . 
  procreate, 
  sketchbook, 
  paper, 
  art set, 
  layers, 
  adobe draw, 
  artrage, 
  brushes, 
  imo the tech is not quite there yet , wacom display-like quality that is . 
  using a bluetooth stylus and tablets still has some lag in it . 
  i 'd give it another 2 years before someone comes out with the killer combo , but for now it 's really close , but not quite 1:1 . 
  surface pro is n't a tablet per se , more of a laptop than anything .
