  kegel exercises are another thing you could practice . 
  why would vlc respond to f8 ? 
  it does n't , and i need my play/pause for itunes . 
  thanks anyway , the above commenter gave me the answer . 
  d'uh !, 
  how did i miss that ? 
  thanks !, 
  really ? 
  i always saved that judgment for those crying outside of bathroom stalls , 
  kanye west - college dropout, 
  the mere thoughts scares the fsm out of me . 
  better pay the fare . 
  that is some brutally awesome honesty . 
  most people do n't get so psychologically addicted . 
  did you clean the mess ? 
  that 's pure emotion and talent right there . 
  beautiful music !, 
  even regardless . 
  show me studies that confirm what you 're saying , because i 'll bet you you wo n't find anything . 
  this is a very rare case of severe addiction . 
  hey , that 's 1999 !, 
  censored colors was amazing !, 
  i wish these social issues would n't be relevant anymore , but alas i think ratm and such bands will grow to become to true voices of our generation as the societal hierarchies we 've grown with as humanity for literally thousands of years collapse at an ever-increasing rate . 
  i never said we 'll have no government/establishment , i meant evolving to the next phase . 
  our current model for western society still has its roots in imperialism and archaic religions . 
  they are poets , have you looked at rocha 's lyrics ? 
  i think you never even checked [ their wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rage_against_the_machine ) or read up on [ zach de la rocha 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zack_de_la_rocha ) life . 
  your words reek of someone who just does n't know/understand what they 're talking about . 
   movements come and movements go, 
   leaders speak , movements cease, 
   when their heads are flown, 
   'cause all these punks, 
   got bullets in their heads, 
   departments of police , the judges , the feds, 
   networks at work , keepin ' people calm, 
   you know they went after king, 
   when he spoke out on vietnam, 
   he turned the power to the have-nots, 
   and then came the shot, 
  they make music , you know . 
  edit : replaced lyrics with something from ratm . 
  i was quickly copypasting since i suffer from multitasking . 
  apologies , downvotes are deserved while spewing ratm to be ` weak ' or 'em pty with their words ' is not . 
  the shallowness of that mindset does n't even get boots wet . 
  this wo n't be a ready-made instant solution . 
  you see , all - isms have failed and are in the process of losing their power . 
  we know not the answer yet for we have yet to embark on the journey , for the veil still holds . 
  look around and you 'll start to see the cracks and form a picture of how hard it 's going to hit . 
  we 're so dependent on oil you ca n't even imagine . 
  we 're witnessing the beginning of the end as the eroei ratio decreases at an ever increasing rate . 
  it 's sugar industry propaganda to get you to buy more sugar !, 
  your contribution was nullified by your excusing , honestly . 
  everything is up for grabs . 
  what works is what we 'll go with , that 's all i can say with certainty . 
  study what has happened to other societies that have fallen and you 'll catch the general trend . 
  more succinctly , i 'd say there will be a general trend away from centralization and constant expansion . 
  we 'll turn to growing produce locally and having a more egalitarian societal structure . 
  focus will be again more on the individual and his/her group , rather than institutions and big ideas . 
  specialization will give way to a more general lifestyle . 
  i 'm not saying religion and poltical ideology are going to dissapear , but they sure wo n't have the level of influence they do now . 
  we 're talking about central infrastructures failing , from electricity to police forces . 
  once the oil is gone , everything will stop and resume in ways no one can predict or model . 
  it 'll be up to us . 
  cracks such as economies starting to fail . 
  greece is up in revolt already as today 's headlines show . 
  we 're a global economy that 's taking a big hit because the eroei is coming closer and closer to that magical 3:1 after which things start spiraling very quickly downward . 
  dependence on oil is a bit misleading as everything from pesticides to paint , transport to vehicle production is all made from oil . 
  there are no substitutes for these to keep things `` as they are '' . 
  i 'm not saying we 're witnessing the beginning of the end of us , but this is the last arc of the colonial-imperialist mindset . 
  the way things are going ( i.e. 
  massive exploitation of resources and unsustainable production ) can not be maintained , it will come to a standstill once the pillars required to keep things going start breaking down due to the increasing price of oil . 
  i 'm not saying we 're doomed , i 'm saying we 're nearing a time of great change . 
  we will come out on top but it will be a tough time and i think we 're going to lose and suffer collectively a lot , but we 're used to that , eh ? 
  no treatments or remedies ? 
  i 'm sorry , i never knew there was such a requirement for pointing things out . 
  my advice is to become as self-knowledgeable as possible , learn about nature , survival , leadership , societal collapse ( to read the signs ) , etc. 
   there is plenty of oil left , it will be harder to get to as time goes by , but it will be there well after we find an alternative . 
  source ? 
  i can hear it even when i 'm outside the house , never mind the room . 
  not recommended if going to a concert with checks . 
  my cuil meter is going haywire ... 
  right , because you 'll never find forms of incest in the rest of the animal kingdom ... 
  that 's some solid advice !, 
   autotune for piano, 
  exactly . 
  thorough . 
  i 'm bookmarking this in my `` instructions for living '' folder . 
  do you mentor ? 
  yeah , deep down you both knew it would n't really matter . 
  it was a nice show this time around !, 
  lol , did she assist you when you got fired for sexual harassment ? 
  buy physical gold . 
  it 'll always have value , even if everything falls apart . 
  the wall was the magnum opus , dark side was the masterpiece . 
  both r0x0r my b0x0rs . 
  got anything more reliable that people will pay/trade for no matter what the circumstance ? 
  the more devalued these fiat currencies become the more valuable gold becomes , so i ca n't see a possible ` lose ' scenario outside of something happening to the actual gold you own ... 
  huh ? 
  yes , but gold is a rare metal that has had value for thousands of years . 
  if societal infrastructure were to break down , commodity markets would cease to exist in their current form , thus making all your investments and stocks null .
