  eventually he got his way and succeeded . 
  even managed to buy back his dog . 
  you have to give it all as if success was as important as breathing and giving 110 % to it in order to fulfill your dreams . 
  this can mean losing everything else in your life . 
  how can you format when theres a firmware password ? 
  not a firmware pwd . 
  you goose . 
  helmets are a must . 
  there 's the [ hit air ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx_yir5ckdm&amp;feature=fvwrel ) motorcycle airbag jacket that 's a great addition to the helmet * and has a system which does n't cause it to falsely inflate * . 
  i ca n't tell what 's real and what 's rendered !, 
  read his biography and get back to me on that one . 
  edit : anyone who doubts sj 's influence on the modern tech landscape seriously needs to read up on their homework . 
  looked like a missile to me . 
  [ kickstarter page ] ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/metawatch/metawatch-strata-the-smartwatch-for-the-iphone-4s/ ) . 
  that is awesome , i 'm really psyched that they reached their financing goals . 
  this has been on my mind for a while and i 'm happy they managed to keep costs down . 
  i ca n't quite justify the purcahse yet but i 'll either cave once it 's released to the masses or wait until the 2nd generation . 
  this sentence has caused me to virtually downvote you . 
  well , the thing is that pretty much all wysiwyg content creation models that do n't export static content ( i.e. 
  video , raster image ) will have piss-poor performance . 
  stack ten years of development of new features on top and you have something that will not be able to scale down very easily . 
  yes and yes !, 
  i truly believe you 've created something awesome that can only get better . 
  scrollable content and better image support are the only things i found gripes with . 
  tell me , is there a way to prevent any image i insert to become the background besides making it a bg img for a div ? 
  maybe change it to require a class identifier or something ? 
  thanks a metric ton and keep rocking !, 
  awesome !, 
  ca n't wait  thanks for the awesome !, 
  the reptilian overlords take great measures to cast their underlings in roles that confuse us normal folk . 
  it 's as absurd as the drama it portrays . 
  i think it 's neutral chaotic , in the sense it shows all these different ( comic-based archetype ) characters trying to gain/maintain power/order and prove a point , it 's all mixed . 
  but i do n't know , it nearly should have been a two-parted movie ( or definitely longer ) because so many important scenes were shown so little . 
  but it 's couch critique , and i think to paint someone like christopher nolan as a * bad director * is ridiculous . 
  kinda funny because steve and woz used to take clown gigs for kids parties to make ends meat . 
  some some studio monitors for a true flat response . 
  you wo n't get crazy bass , but it sounds like you do n't want that . 
  roland makes some nice minimonitors with 3 '' woofers , check em out . 
  your shit sounds retarded . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-19312679 ) . 
  that is reaching for perfection . 
  wow . 
  [ unfortunately , i know you 're wrong . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_to_silence#united_states ) . 
  ** edit ** please read fta :, 
  law enforcement officials do not have to tell civilians the truth on any subject . 
  they can make any promises and claims they like in order to induce a person to incriminate herself or himself or to allow the officer to perform a search , and law enforcement officials are not bound by anything they promise to suspects or witnesses ( i.e. 
  promises of aid or protection ) . 
  [ 21 ] raffel continues to be upheld in u.s. courts despite the apparent contradictions with miranda, 
  fortunately , i live in finland , 
   law enforcement officials do not have to tell civilians the truth on any subject . 
  that is not the same , they ca n't legally charge you with something you did n't do , although that happens a lot too ( see : planting evidence , false statements ) . 
  they can however tell you you 're being arrested for no reason and when you do n't comply because you want an explanation they arrest you for resisting arrest . 
  yup . 
  precisely someone so hopelessly moronic would run and lie his way to a position of power . 
  we ( collectively ) do n't scorn this , we give them medals !, 
  wtt flopped ? 
  did i miss a memo ? 
   the uploader has not made this video available in your country . 
  me too , elemeno . 
  me too . 
  a flop is a flop . 
  you can think the album was weak , but as far as a flop goes , this was a huge success . 
   the album debuted at number one on the us billboard 200 chart , selling 436,000 copies its first week . 
  and, 
   watch the throne tour that spanned october 2011 to june 2012 , which became the highest grossing hip-hop concert tour in history . 
  personally there some tracks there that i really dig and some i really do n't . 
  life 's a mixed bag , take it or leave it . 
  she does not look happy . 
  if you look closely you can see he gained everywhere but his wrists . 
  pack that muscle around the forearms and it 'll do the trick !, 
  as a finn who was born in the soviet union and lived some years in the states , i can say i have never come across that word . 
  the whole `` you 're gon na wish you had more hands '' was such an in-your-face `` nod '' that it turned me off to the whole damn movie . 
  yes , and federal express sounds like it 's a part of the government , no ? 
  i 'd say the ultimate donation would be engineers andconstruction/farming machines . 
  his point is valid but we 've also been throwing money at these issues at well and it ends with the wrong people . 
  engineers and tools . 
  living too close to a well could also expose you to more random incidents as more passer-bys pass . 
  not to mention syudies have shown most obese people have faster-than-average metabolism due to their size . 
  yes , and if we all have 1 % of our income we could house and feed the poor . 
  cant wait for automated cars , 
  bullshit , it 's been considered a good news source in europe when it is known and never as a tool for propaganda ( except the channel has changed ) . 
  problem was not many knew of its existence . 
  they did real reporting . 
  edit : mobile grammar fixes . 
  she said it could n't happen . 
  hospital break , this saturday on xyz . 
  but then you 'd have idiots voting for him thinking he supports those positions : /, 
  hey man , you seem like a really smart and nice guy . 
  what things interest you , do you have some favorite hobbies ? 
  rock on !, 
  you can edit the post and append links to the proof . 
  where 's that `` ya man , start your engines '' from ? 
  i have that on vs racing on the iphone as well ... 
  yes please !, 
  what are your requirements ? 
  like , what do you want to be able to do with the computer you get ( besides code from home ) ? 
  well , if you really do n't need mobility i 'd say go with the imac . 
  more screen real estate , better performance . 
  just wait ( like i am ) for the new release , should come soon and bring next-gen features . 
  if you go for a laptop i 'd recommend , unless you really hate external hard drives , to go with the 13 '' macbook air .
