  it sounds like this is something that bothers you as you 're so vehemently fuming over others celebrating love , which is n't limited to couples but of course ( imagining you 're from the states ) is marketed toward couples ( naturally ) . 
  why do n't you take this day as a chance to express your gratitude toward the people you do know and bond with them , as well as perhaps make strides to finding a significant other if that 's what you truly want . 
  do n't be so petty !, 
  love and embrace life and it will open its arms to you . 
  nice focus , brilliant background ( maybe more white ? 
  ) , solid shot !, 
  go see your doctor , just in case . 
  how can you * not * be sure ? 
  it 's been a while since i last gazed my eyes on thee , 503 . 
  [ read this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/azc3w/males_of_reddit_how_do_i_a_female_make_myself/c0k6l08 ) !, 
  step outside your comfort zone , talk with everyone you meet and take their phone numbers . 
  even if you talk for just a second , say `` i really enjoyed talking with you , let 's change numbers so we can go out for coffee or something some day '', 
  everyone loves talking to strangers but most do n't have it in them to do so . 
  try it out and i bet you 9 out of 10 experiences will be pleasant , do n't let that 1 override the positive in your mind !, 
  i 'm sure it 's an issue as it 's an issue for everyone , but my advice for long-lasting results is to learn the art of making friends with * anybody * . 
  alternatively , start by talking to strangers from your area online . 
  couchsurfing.com has meetups all around the world , meetup.com has a lot of great people and events . 
  people know bare quality when they see it . 
  has the sidebar for bookmarks and i need the add-ons for web development . 
  i wish they 'd optimize memory usage , having 10,000 + bookmarks slows this fucker down . 
  same with keeping the same instance open for days with several tabs . 
  * one day ... *, 
  because we as humanity still keep discovering new species , 
  simply put , it 'll get you to your best shape of your life . 
  very intense program that delivers . 
  do it and you wo n't be disappointed . 
  thorough . 
  thanks for the heads-up !, 
   redditit killz nazis . 
  ` * grammer nazis not encludid . `, 
  ftyf . 
  you do n't earn any points by being indecisive . 
  have options and plans but do n't be locked into it , live in the moment . 
  did you just whole thing ? 
  [ drawing on the right side of the brain ] ( http://www.drawright.com/ ) is a fantastic resource for learning about `` seeing '' which is more valuable than any technique . 
  if you want instant results with painting , i 'd recommend checking out [ bob ross ] ( http://www.bobross.com/ ) , your first painting will be amazing , guaranteed . 
  most of all : ** practice , practice , practice . 
  ** buy some moleskines and pencils ( varying shades ) and start drawing the world around you and what pops into your head . 
  do n't be embarrassed about not being good when you start , the main thing to remember is that through quantity you get quality . 
  good luck !, 
  i dunno , once i get the activation cracked i 'll let you know , 
  on a more serious note , everyone who has ever used it say it 's hands down the best language learning software/tool they 've ever used . 
  very natural and easy progression . 
  as for results , i 'm not too clear but as i said , those who use it say they feel they 're getting their moneys worth . 
  here 's one that is guaranteed to shock you ( and i 'm not kidding here ) : tap water . 
  [ seriously ] ( http://environment.about.com/od/waterpollution/a/tap_water_probe.htm ) . 
  we ca n't even agree 100 % with ourselves , how do you expect to get that out of others ? 
  take what works , leave the rest . 
  her work helps people evolve beyond their limits and can exponentially increase drawing/painting talent . 
  that said , it is a shame she puts down people with such statements . 
  andrew loomis ' books are another awesome resource that i find to be quite the authority regarding drawing . 
  he was a living god imo , 
  that username does n't exist !, 
  any chance you could scan it and upload via imgur ? 
  why does purple wish to be hurtful ? 
  the sight of silver makes me shiver . 
  orange ... is fucked . 
  what , are you saying you 're not man enough to code it in html5 and css3 w / jquery ? 
  no , seriously , do it in flash . 
  well , you 're wrong about the last part . 
  i think i imploded with the cringes this gave . 
  ouch . 
  unless she knows her shit , 
  private error , major problem wants a word . 
  that is one tripping cat . 
  who gave it acid ? 
  no , it would go through but the music would keep playing . 
  that was really original and fresh but fuck inkjet printers and fuck hp !, 
  what a waste of potential , ink and plastic . 
  except for their indigo branch . 
  they make excellent digital offset presses . 
  i defragged once , ruined my filesystem and i had to restore from backup . 
  never again . 
  this thread has some of the best discussion i 've seen in a long time . 
  excellent job reddit !, 
  oooo let the rumor-mill build up some more . 
  let 's see what 's released and what happens . 
  life goes on . 
  how could thinking about things change anything ? 
  and procrastination leads to riches , 
  my impression that is that if you 're dedicating a chapter of your life to experience together you might as well try and learn about yourselves through each other . 
  reality is what you make of it . 
  sometimes that requires starting afresh and/or radically changing . 
  do n't settle for your misery comfort zone , you got ta take charge of your life and * do !, 
  why do you have to hide your feelings , your experience from your fantastic boyfriend ? 
  what the fuck do you have to lose ? 
  when in doubt , go the rediquette route . 
  despite what some are saying , yes , this is an example of alpha behavior , but nothing ginormous . 
  alpha is about being centered and independent . 
  having an answer to her every question is an example of this , just do n't get too wrapped up about asserting yourself at every corner , have fun !, 
  who the fuck is that guy instructing the woman ? 
  reddit , we have lessons you wo n't think of in con college !, 
  well , especially if you kill them . 
  yup , no defense bonus in these kinds of situations . 
  i see what you did there . 
  * the slower you eat , the longer you live . 
  dtb - death to biggotry . 
  the problem pervades humanity and is one of the main reasons we are stuck in this rut . 
  we view others as separate from ourselves to the point of objectifying the world around us rather than seeing how much we truly share as humans and as beings on this planet . 
  it is our blindness to our humanhood that allows us to commit such atrocities against one another and the world .
