  i do that and it breaks the domain . 
  i looked at the codex docs but they all require putting files on the root of the . com . 
  it 's just an redirect address , not hosted , so how can that work ? 
  after querying the database to replace all instances of the domain , wordpress just kinda breaks . 
  shows the front page ( instead of my under construction plugin ) without any css . 
  it says to delete wp-content/cache but no such folder or similar file exists . 
  but the issue is that wp links everything as foo.com/baz , i need it to be bar.com as you said . 
  i tried running a sql query to change all the url 's manually and did the same for the files , but it still breaks the install . 
  here 's how i formulated it at wordpress.org :, 
  so i have a wp install at hollowgram.net/stereochemistry and i want it to be configured to stereochemistrymusic.com . 
  the domain directs and permalinks work , i.e. 
  stereochemistrymusic.com/events is the same as hollowgram.net/stereochemistry/events , but i want to make the links within wordpress to direct toward the . com rather than my subdirectory . 
  installation was automated by ipage installcentral , i tried following the codex instructions but that resulted in everything breaking ( query database to replace values ) , i do n't have a wp-content/cache to delete though . 
  how can i get wp to reflect the . com domain ? 
  everything seems to be in place file-wise . 
  btw site is cloaked , if you want to view then login with viewonly/viewonly as user/pass . 
  no hacking !, 
  ok i tried installing via the . com but it only switched into http://stereochemistry.hollowgram.net/ instead of http://www.stereochemistrymusic.com, 
  thanks for trying to help , i think i need to find big help :p, 
  not , it had a talkbox/vocoder . 
  big difference . 
  bah , his bad grammar makes it more believable . 
  i 'm not buying your story , mr. english !, 
  where are your upvotes ? 
  privet ... ti zdesh sam sibe ? 
  somtimes we do it all the time . 
  tomorrow in the news : road to adhd cure cracked by scientists !, 
  i wonder if it would be an awesome or annoying feature if reddit automatically searched for names/concepts in the link/title and printed out related info such as this ... 
  thanks for that btw . 
  makes saving to hard drive that much faster , 
  just buy the most expensive monster cables and you 'll be fine . 
  this might be the beginning of the end for the sandwich giant . 
  stay is a really well made track , i just feel you put a bit too much post-production vibrato into her vocal , it really works but you put it hard and it feels like it 's on/off rather than smoothly fading in and out . 
  here 's my [ soundcloud ] ( http://soundcloud.com/hollow-gram ) , i produce music and mostly rap , but i 'm always in for new things . 
  if you get ideas for which you 'd want my input , feel free to contact me . 
  from your own description it has a sensual atmosphere to it , it 's more delicate than the thumping kick it has imo , i think you could find something that pushes the track forward but give it more edge/groove/magic . 
  thanks for checking out my tracks , 
  [ quincy jones - summer in the city ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pd9wmhkmj6e ), 
  karma 's a cinch . 
  i 'd suggest going with an audio interface , a motu 828 if you have the money or m-audio fasttrack if you 're on a budget . 
  i do n't understand what benefits an internal card has over something you can have next to you and adjust as you go along , they always have more connectors and are more hands-on . 
  but that 's just me . 
   learned about how to go through customs with a bunch of camera equipment, 
  as someone who is probably going to need this knowledge in the future , could you elaborate ? 
  yeah , e = mc2 is just five characters as well , surprising it took einstein to write them down ... 
  in other words , summaries do n't account for the hard work to arrive to solid conclusions or even predictions , 
  scale 1-10 , 4 . 
  never heard of 'em . 
  every trick has its time and place , you ca n't use any of them for every occasion . 
  wow . 
  now i have the ultimate reason to convince everyone chrome is the best browser atm . 
  if only they added a bookmarks sidebar i 'd be shitting rainbows . 
  i fuzzily remember a firefox extension that replaced all ads with kittens ... 
  educated guess would be the prospect of guaranteed karma . 
  surprised there 's no wikimedia article explaining the design of the most inconspicuous x. 
  imagine the porn sites ... 
  you mean the toolbar ? 
  i have so many folders it would take me many times longer to scroll through the list to add a single bookmark . 
  with a sidebar all i need is to scroll to the right point and add away . 
  lol , upvotes to you good sir . 
  i 'm not trying to insinuate sedditors have autistic tendencies , i merely thought that the post had interesting insights into the far side of the spectrum and gain confidence in the fact that, 
   after a few years of coaching myself , i 've managed to just turn off the analytical part of my brain when it starts to get overwhelming , and as a result i do n't have problems around people . 
  and although there are underlying patterns ( shown well by mehow 's microloops , dicarlo 's ladder ) , i think a lot of sedditors are seeking validation and over-analyzing . 
  i 'm hoping some sedditors will read this and find the inspiration necessary to let go and enjoy themselves . 
  addictive drums has a fair amount of `` beats '' that you can use and modify . 
  but honestly , i do n't know if you understand that there 's no problem that you can say `` give me a drum that has a swing like this '', 
  what you can do is google midi drum grooves and then take them into your daw and drag the notes to correct corresponding sound triggers . 
  if you want something that you have in your head , why not record a basic beatbox of it and then reconstruct it by punching in the drums ? 
  if you have logic you can enable flex mode for the beatbox , make a groove template from it and attach it to drums . 
  but yeah , there 's no program as of yet that i know of that you can select parameters and it builds a groove for you . 
  would be wicked . 
  `` insert a 2 bar fill here that starts a little slower and speeds up and intensifies '', 
  i would recommend watching some videos of drummers , going to shows and talking to drummers , reading articles etc. 
  and trying to get a feel for it . 
  basics are not that hard , plus it 's quite easy just to start messing around and quanitzing , trying to make a cohesive sound . 
  study the structure of songs , etc. 
  do n't search for the button !, 
  lol of the week . 
  for future reference , the best thing to do if you drop handheld electronics into water is to put them in a bag of rice . 
  after turning them off of course , and removing the battery if possible . 
  the surrounding dryness will attract all the moisture ( aka water ) from your device . 
  safest is a couple days . 
  dude , just release some tracks as an lp or ep , 5 will even do . 
  just have it out there and let the people decide if it 's worth buying . 
  well there 's a challenge for you , create records without using copyrighted samples . 
  i feel what you 're saying , but do n't create reasons for not exposing yourself . 
  at least create a [ soundcloud ] ( http://www.soundcloud.com ) page . 
  enjoy , and keep creating !, 
  submit a video and i 'll upvote :d, 
  great stuff , really inspiring you were able to do this by 20 . 
  keep 'em coming !, 
  edit : how hard was it to clear the samples ? 
  con air !, 
  2 space girls , 1 cup, 
  hate to break it to you but the us was built pretty standardized all around and only within 300 years . 
  go to europe at least and have your mind blown . 
  and as others have said , it 's not merely about scenery , it 's about experiencing life . 
  you think not going somewhere totally new wo n't give you fresh experiences and perspectives ? 
  just buy the ticket and take the trip , use couchsurfing to network with locals and you can complain what a waste it was when you get back . 
  seems a bit more humane than the glue thing mentioned earlier .
