  doctors say there 's nothing out of the ordinary , physical therapist says it 's ok and common ... anyone else have this and figure out a way to alleviate it permanently ? 
  this is no place for visionaries or for the leaders of tomorrow . 
  you wing it until you 're fucked , understand ? 
  wait until it 's released , try it , ( most likely ) you 'll be amazed . 
  seeing is believing , and they put in a lot of work to make the os more efficient and lean . 
  judging from your comments , i imagine you 're not a programmer . 
  so trust the programmers who say , it 's gotten better . 
  or suffer with a slower-than-possible ipad , not our loss . 
  he had a gun when he was driving the ambulance ( throws it away instead of killing himself ) , why not let wolfgang take some shots at the helicopter engines ? 
  not different parts , it 's made from [ the trichomes ] ( http://www.420magazine.com/forums/how-grow-marijuana/71982-what-trichomes-trichome-101-a.html ) of the flowers ( buds ) , so more like a concentration , thus making it more potent . 
  [ try psd mockup websites ] ( http://www.instantshift.com/2015/04/15/free-apple-devices-mockup-psds/ ) , using something [ like this ] ( https://www.behance.net/gallery/free-apple-devices-mockup/13809759 ) will allow you to compose the layout you want , with the screens displaying what you want . 
  your point is valid , that is an issue . 
  personally i use google music to have my own little music cloud , but music will hopefully bring that functionality in soon . 
  btw you need to put http : / / for the link tag to work . 
  no , the ( free ) service works by you selecting the music on your computer you want to be able to stream ( up to 25k tracks iirc ) and then you have access via any device . 
  but no way afaik to use mobile devices to add music to the stream . 
  all that work and you didnt flip the image to have the tent logo non-mirrored ? 
  no one has mentioned raising the low-point ( darks ) of the rgb curve to `` fade '' blacks . 
  big part of the look you 're trying to achieve . 
  [ bernard puride live with king curtis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrulc2d5x5g ) performing memphis soul stew , one of my favorite records of all time . 
  every artist on that song gives it their 110 % . 
  * edit * here 's a list of the artists :, 
  king curtis - saxophone, 
  cornell dupree - electric guitar, 
  jerry jemmott - bass guitar, 
  billy preston - electric organ, 
  truman thomas - electric piano, 
  the memphis horns :, 
  wayne jackson - lead , trumpet, 
  andrew love - tenor saxophone, 
  jimmy mitchell - baritone saxophone, 
  edit 2 : whoa , thanks for the gold !, 
  i recommend checking out the whole live at fillmore west album , 
  well , he did state that removing the confederate heritage from official sc governance would be one step . 
  he outlines several ideas that point toward accepting the past and moving beyond it to help the situation , as well as not using `` mental illness '' as a cop-out for these events , talking about how trillions were spent to `` protect '' americans from terrorists but that money is n't being invested adequately to guard americans from themselves , i.e. 
  investing in education , mental health services , etc. 
  is it possible that shark killed that whale ? 
  wonder if the light scratches on its snout came from the feeding or something else ? 
  wow , if only more panel discussions could be so civil and stay on point . 
  imo both are good moves and [ will help the economy ] ( http://www.economonitor.com/dolanecon/2014/01/03/the-economic-case-for-a-universal-basic-income/ ) , a healthy middle class is necessary for a healthy economy . 
  investing in citizens pays back in the long term more than anything else . 
  meaning ? 
  their stock would take a huge beating if they spend hundreds of millions on this . 
  edit : whelp , they did it . 
  let 's see how the market reacts . 
   legalization means you can have as many drugs as you want and do whatever the fuck you want with them . 
  legalization is n't an all-or-nothing proposition . 
  for example , you could n't legally resell drugs to minors , or drive vehicles on state roads . 
  legalization means regulation instead of treating anything related to it like a criminal offense . 
  search apple swift - taylor, 
  next !, 
  public officials have a different level of privacy than you or me , in weiner 's case it 's something that conflicted and damaged his ability to do his job as a us representative . 
  amidst the drama elected representatives do pass laws that define how society functions , so politics is important . 
  not being involved is what the upper class dream of . 
  your site crashes my iphone 6 via amrc . 
  might be the carousel . 
  go south on beaver to get to pound town !, 
  that is basically the new macbook . 
  you shut up with your opinions . 
  the ux has many faults though , just with basic user expectations . 
  [ useronboard ] ( https://www.useronboard.com/how-applemusic-onboards-new-users/ ) covered the signup process confusion quite adequately , but there are many confusing aspects from a user perspective :, 
  - in my music , going to playlists and selecting to view apple music playlists only , tapping the new button creates a * local * playlist . 
  and i have no way of selecting a playlist to be an apple music playlist . 
  - hearting a song and selecting `` add to my music '' are two distinct functions , to a point . 
  find finding those hearted songs/albums/playlists is something i have n't been able to figure out yet , how come it is n't in my music or for you ( the tab with the heart symbol ) ? 
  there are of course many good things about the new app , i 'm loving beats 1 , up next , etc. 
  and i 'm going to give it more time , have n't been able to even get my computer itunes library to sync to icloud , keeps throwing errors . 
  i 'm sure in time it 'll mature and become a much better and more intuitive through refinements . 
  but seriously , why is n't hearting a song the same as adding to my music or for you ? 
  [ this is an image i 'm very fond of that i took with an iphone 4s back in early 2012 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jrqkg.jpg ) ( light color processing in snapseed iirc ), 
  yes !, 
  yes , i went through and replaced the characters ( it actually first deleted the umlaut and then the a , so pressing backspace on \u00e4 made it a and then it removed the glyph . 
  now it works !, 
  i guess that 's the way pdfs always render them ? 
  i did copy the content from a source pdf , will have to remember this in the future . 
  strange that during my 15 year career i 've never had this come up until now , even though i 've worked with many finnish sites before . 
  the more you know ... 
  i think it was mostly to scale their server loads , the new icloud music library is still failing to sync with my itunes library ( 214 gigs of music must not be the easiest to process ) . 
  when siri gets all those new tricks it will probably hammer their backend even more , this way they can dilute the impact into two distinct events rather than have everything be strained in one go . 
  thats not how passwords in systems with even a basic level of security work . 
  passwords create unique md5 checksums after encryption , and when you attempt to log in your entered password checksum is then matched against the checksum the server/router stores . 
  we do n't have the full story nor an album to listen to , but it might have been that he recorded the vocals elsewhere and then imported those into the daw . 
  also if you eq the vocals to emphasize the important high-mid frequencies for the take ( logic also has match eq which helps this tremendously ) and add effects ( like distortions , modulations , chorus , reverbs , etc. 
  ) , even run it through a guitar amp , goes a long way . 
  me and my friends watched a seagull swallow a piece of aluminum foil about a fifth of its size last weekend . 
  was strangely impressive and twisted . 
  for me its the speed and fluidity . 
  sure , image gallery swipes take a while to learn ( pull down when viewing images and ordinary swipe for everything else ) and it could be frustrating to try to tap a link in a comment only to collapse it ( fixed in last release ) , but the speed , simplicity and customization ( night mode , saved searches , shortcuts , fonts ) make it a winner for me . 
  eh , computers lower the barrier for entry . 
  digitizing trades allows practically anyone with a computer to give it an effort and learn . 
  i started with netscape composer and photoshop 5 back in 1996 and now support myself by doing multimedia production professionally . 
  tools do n't make the artist , but without the tools there is no artistry . 
  a cheap dslr , usb microphone and laptop today is capable of so many things when you learn how to . 
  wow , that quality brings back memories of realplayer on a good day . 
  what game is that ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , [ the zoot suit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoot_suit ) . 
  video could be a third of its length . 
  good effort tho . 
  ftfy, 
  running out of * cheap * oil .
