  source : lived there for a year, 
  las cuevas del sorte on gignas is really dope , atmospheric and has a lot of variation . 
  one night it might have dj 's spinning house , the next night a live flamenco show . 
   jayz is supposed to be a critic of popular culture, 
  what ? 
  any way to sync progress between iphone and ipad ? 
  doing a hard reset might help . 
  do you live in a cold country and used it a lot in cold temperatures ? 
  i did that with my old phone and i think i damaged the battery , sometimes it would switch off at 25 % if i was doing something that used a lot of processing power . 
  your habit of watching game walkthroughs or peoples habit of posting screenshots with no description ? 
  biggest obstacle is mindset . 
  boldest thought is that you can make it work . 
  i could feel brain cells dying as i watched that . 
  ifixit.com for future reference . 
  not to mention identical audio waves between how we used and we used . 
   camera + : after purchasing , i realized i need to toggle between photo and video mode . 
  what ? 
  fine art ? 
  yeah i felt that as soon as the giant duck flashed on the screen . 
  track concept is solid , but everything feels slightly not-quite . 
  keep at it though !, 
  why not use the native camera app for basic filming ? 
  you can access it straight from the lock screen . 
  yeah . 
  i think camera + is amazing for quick photo editing ( and timer photo taking ) , but the built-in functionality is the best for nearly all photo/video capturing . 
  took about 1.5 years , was 75 kg at my heaviest but cut down to 64 kg and started to bulk again . 
  in the beginning i worked out 2-3 times a week with a starting strength program , then started trying different stuff before settling on a 4 week routine . 
  nowadays doing 3-4 days at the gym and/or other sports ( e.g. 
  climbing , swimming , running , bicycling ) . 
  gained weight first totally dirty , see food diet basically . 
  nowadays eating cleaner and with protein/gainer shakes . 
  having a distribution deal with one of the major labels did n't hurt either . 
  that song got major radio play . 
  drag the audio you want to sample into logic , double click it to open the audio editor and select the `` file '' tab ( track selected by default ) . 
  now you can zoom in , highlight portions and listen to them ( by pressing space or the speaker icon ) . 
  enable looping if desired . 
  go to edit -  create new region . 
  once you 've created the samples you want , one way to easily map them to a midi keyboard is to open the media bin that has your splices , dragging them onto a track , creating a software instrument track and opening exs-24 , pressing edit and dragging the splices from the track to the edit view . 
  [ a video that goes into more detail ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmfcf-npcpa ) . 
  do n't put an electric guitar straight into your mac microphone port !, 
  it 's a line-in , meaning that it has electricity flowing through it , meaning you can damage your guitar and you will have noise interference !, 
  a guitar signal needs amplification in order to be properly audible . 
  get a usb audio interface . 
  magic trackpad ... no problems here , 
  m-audio fasttrack and presonus audiobox are two popular and low-budget options . 
  others : motu ultralight-mk3 , alesis io2 , rme fireface . 
  investing in quality preamps imo is better than dumping a thousand on an audio interface when you start out . 
  if you want a nice balance between the two i think the apogee duet ( although we 're on a logic subreddit , i want to point out this is a mac-only interface ) has pretty amazing preamps ( but costs $ 595 retail ) . 
  i recommend reading [ tweakheadz ] ( http://www.tweakheadz.com/ ) and properly getting into audio production basics if you want to take it up a notch , otherwise imo you 're wasting your money on equipment you wo n't know how to use or spot the difference in quality . 
  read the tweakheadz 101 , 
  [ kanye ] ( http://www.looktothestars.org/celebrity/kanye-west ) helps chicago youth , is chairman of the dr. donda west foundation and donates/fundraises for many charities . 
  jitouch if you use a trackpad . 
  logmein , remote access to your computer, 
  evernote , great for taking notes etc. 
  and organizing it all, 
  dropbox , share files, 
  transmission , bittorrent client, 
  he actually burnt the first version he wrote of the book , quite like the master in the book . 
  he started reworking it , and as you pointed out , died before being able to completely finish it . 
  only book i 've ever read where i feel like i 'm literally seeing the scenes before my eyes . 
  brilliant literature . 
  no childhood . 
  you can at least disable it in the au plugin manager ( under logic -  preferences ), 
  i trust your word , cuddlemaster2 . 
  i find it very strange that she 's looking up into the fill light instead of straight at me or down ... it seems like a stolen moment rather than a proper portrait . 
  just my two cents . 
  technically i think it 's really nice . 
   close friends, 
   in 60 minutes, 
  something tells me the author does n't know what `` close '' means in this context . 
  storm raiders ( free right now , featured app ) has appletv support , same with metal storm games . 
  real racing 2 and the asphalt series has support . 
  nova 3, 
  fifa 12, 
  modern combat 3, 
  jocking the bitches , grabbing my date . 
  kill reverb . 
  get at least [ a microphone dampener ] ( http://www.amazon.com/auralex-mudguard-isolator-dampening-charcoal/dp/b004vm5r7y/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1377790304&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=microphone+shield ) if no other acoustification/isolation will be feasable . 
  electric guitars are easy if you 're only recording audio in , percussion especially can be tricky with microphones in a non-treated room . 
  read up on tweakheadz , [ here are ] ( http://tweakheadz.com/acoustic-room-treatment/ ) two [ good articles ] ( http://tweakheadz.com/assembling-your-recording-studio/ ) to read . 
  run dmc , pearl jam , janelle monae ... ron howard . 
  this will be dope . 
  classic song but absolutely the wrong subreddit . 
  / r/music , / r/listentothis ... not / r/videos if the video itself is a slideshow . 
  since when has n't britain been up for participating in combat operations called for by the us ? 
  iirc he was n't random but a threat to dick jones , so he took care of him . 
  you 're asking for windows features but do n't accept windows ways of fixing a problem ? 
  per-application volume control is not ideal for most users . 
  you can use your dashboard to set up a world clock display . 
  wtf ? 
  yes , the 4 did nothing . 
  do n't downplay the camera improvements before you get a chance to use it . 
  as a designer i would give the source files for an additional fee . 
  or todd . 
  they had an agent watching over him . 
  awesome update , loving it , but here is a little pedantism from a designer perspective :, 
  alien blue icon is a bit too up , it 's no longer center-aligned :(, 
  would be nice if the splash screen would be flat without the radial gradient , feels a bit out of place , same with the gradient on the blue bar on the ipad version and gallery view . 
  it feels like you guys went for the flatter look but left these parts untouched . 
  a great update , ca n't wait for more !,
