  if a piece of holographic film containing the image of an apple is cut in half and then illuminated by a laser , each half will still be found to contain the entire image of the apple !, 
  even if the halves are divided again and then again , an entire apple can still be reconstructed from each small portion of the film ( although the images will get hazier as the portions get smaller ) . 
  unlike normal photographs , every small fragment of a piece of holographic film contains all the informa - tion recorded in the whole ( [ see fig . 
  ghetto workouts ftw !, 
  zen by alan watts . 
  [ yes yes , but of course none of this has anything to do with reality ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8aurpr68ue ) . 
  fuck you and your horrid sign-up-for-mynewsletter spam . 
  you sir , are a tool . 
  as an environmentalist i hope you realize all your self-saving equates to pebbles on a beach in comparison to what 's happening to the earth and the only way true progress can be made is if we rally people to protest and take over the governments and corporations that are totally wiping out our resources and habitat at en ever-increasing rate that will tip carbon emissions over the edge by around 2015 ... 
  good story , relevant to the topic . 
  whoever downvoted you should review the reddiquitte . 
  i 've been in arguments , made love , fought ... pretty much anything i 've done while sober . 
  fighting was n't initiated by me ( except perhaps once ) . 
  oh , and there was that one time i ate hashish and ate people ... 
  yah if it has a symbol it must mean it 's occult !, 
  they 're all in on it !, 
  scientists warn us that irreversible catalysis of global carbon emissions will occur within the next 5 years unless we peak our oil use in 2015 and end it totally by 2050 . 
  we 're talking extinction-level event here , folks . 
   but recent climate studies suggest that the fourth assessment report underestimated the potential severity of global warming over the next 100 years . 
  `` we now have data showing that from 2000 to 2007 , greenhouse gas emissions increased far more rapidly than we expected , primarily because developing countries , like china and india , saw a huge upsurge in electric power generation , almost all of it based on coal , '' field said . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/02/090214162648.htm ), 
   the pace of global warming is likely to be much faster than recent predictions , because industrial greenhouse gas emissions have increased more quickly than expected and higher temperatures are triggering self-reinforcing feedback mechanisms in global ecosystems , scientists said saturday . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/02/14/ar2009021401757.html ), 
  edit : and why ** now ** is the time to act , because there is a critical turning point :, 
   based on climate model studies and the history of the earth the authors conclude that additional global warming of about 1 \u00b0 c ( 1.8 \u00b0 f ) or more , above global temperature in 2000 , is likely to be dangerous . 
  in turn , the temperature limit has implications for atmospheric carbon dioxide ( co2 ) , which has already increased from the pre-industrial level of 280 parts per million ( ppm ) to 383 ppm today and is rising by about 2 ppm per year . 
  according to study co-author makiko sato of columbia 's earth institute , `` the temperature limit implies that co2 exceeding 450 ppm is almost surely dangerous , and the ceiling may be even lower . '', 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.giss.nasa.gov/research/news/20070530/ ), 
  old school . 
  outkast has produced such gold from the start it never gets played out . 
  eroei is a definitely a great asset in combating the age of oil , 
  i do n't find it unreasonable to suggest that there 's a critical turning point from which there is no return and that we 're doing everything to head past that line . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it 's fruitless to try and not fly or to not consume as an invidiual . 
  of course it 's important to try and live as ecologically as possible but that it 's not enough in the bigger picture . 
  we need to actively seek to stop allowing governments and corporations to ignore the imminent threat of depleting our resources and hurdling us into an age where living conditions are n't suitable for humans . 
  but i suppose we can just sit back and wait for things to pan out ... 
  i just tore out some of my hair ... 
  drugs play a huge role in funding organized crime . 
  remove that and not only do you limit their market ( and help those in need rather than to treat them as criminals ) , you do make it that much harder for such organizations to thrive . 
  did ending alcohol prohibition reduce crime ( esp . 
  organized ) in america ? 
  in many ways it did and changed things for the better . 
  just because we ca n't get rid of crime by legalizing does n't make the idea of legalization any worse . 
  yeah , i was wondering about that . 
  what happens ? 
  sustainable life in 2010 . 
  we 're advanced . 
  he is the liquor . 
  dude , stick to the traps . 
  you 're trying to tell us that saw could never happen because such behavior would be suspicious ? 
  :d :d, 
  that wallet is like an achilles heel for making the house of cards fall :d, 
  illustrator traces as well ( prett decently too ) , costs a bunch but can also be downloaded for free . 
  true , but i was merely pointing out that overpriced software can do the same thing as the free equivelent , 
  whoa , too good to be true . 
  no one will ever believe you . 
  interesting ... 
  `` hey , nice to meet you . 
  did you know my attraction to you is based on my higher cognitive functions ? '', 
  you do disservice to your username . 
  have you researched the topic at all or are you feeding off of what other people are telling you to believe ? 
  the science is quite clear on the general themes , what 's happening is beyond the conservative estimates made three years ago . 
  but i 'm getting the feeling you think there 's a major conspiracy at work here and/or has more to do with money and regulation then actually showing that our actions have consequences and that the earth can not sustain such pillaging and pollution for much longer at this increasing rate ... 
  palestinians are semite people . 
  zionists are anti-semitic !, 
  at least they 'd be unified and science could nudge in ... 
  nevermind . 
  * sigh *, 
  that is some sad truth right there . 
  it echoes so many wrongs in our world . 
  this is not exclusive to america , even though world drug policies stem from the us , enforced by the wto worldwide . 
  i bet you say that to everyone with a face . 
  * blushes *, 
  any chance of having the tracks individually ? 
  anyone else put their cursor between the last two to make a more uniform line ? 
  / r/music would help more . 
  also , listing bands you already listen to could n't hurt . 
  how about trying out apps before deciding to drop money on them ? 
  whoa , i thought this would be a scientific article/slideshow about * our * nails . 
  interesting twist , 
  that 's so sad . 
  how original can you be with such a concept ? 
  definitely , and it 's great to see you 're not close-minded about it . 
  it is a shame that there 's a prevalence of pirating the cheap apps . 
  as an entrepreneur spending every euro into food and rent , i unfortunately ca n't spend even .99 cents to see if something 's worth my time or not . 
  which is why i have mostly free apps and a couple paid on my iphone . 
  it is nice to be able to check out if something 's worth investing in though without taking the plunge . 
  even a 30 minute no-charge-if-deleted would work just as well , but perhaps the future shall bring solutions . 
  are you not able to cut off the piraters from your server ? 
  i know finland when i see it !, 
   there is a longstanding myth that adolf hitler was vegetarian but recent research suggests that he ate at least some meat, 
  that was relevant . 
  because ` back in my day ' in fact does n't exist . 
  there is only now . 
  you came to be a split second ago and all your memories are implanted . 
  enjoy your stay . 
  downvoted !!!!!, 
  nice message . 
  have you tried [ chord house ] ( http://www.looknohands.com/chordhouse/ ) ? 
  unlike your race , your loneliness is something you can control .
