  the army is going in on it because it 's apparently quite effective . 
  have/would you consider trying it to help your situation ? 
  great job !, 
  i 'd recommend writing articles related to wordpress ( dev , resources ) and jobs ( how to frame the listing , how to choose , what to look for , etc. ), 
  to diversify how google can find your site . 
  you 're in a competitive niche but you 're using wp and you have meta tags set , all you need is more content to propel yourself higher up . 
  great work !, 
  reflectors , deflectors , uv filters for your lenses ( around 20 usd ) , green screens , lighting equipment ( led lamps , cfls , does n't have to be too expensive ) . 
  i 'd recommend using ebay and dealextreme for these things . 
  i bought a 55-250mm lens ( around 200 usd ) and the added focal lengths are amazing for video . 
  ** but !, 
  ** the # 1 thing you can do is go out and film !, 
  you have more than enough equipment to make some good material . 
  i use adobe 's creative suite ( photoshop , after effects and premiere ) for my post production ( logic for sound ) , but find something that works for you . 
  through quantity comes quality , so make a youtube/vimeo account and make it a goal for yourself to shoot , edit and post at least one clip a week . 
  make mini-bios of your friends , interview local business owners and make promo videos . 
  just get out there and do !, 
  ninja edit : http://strobist.blogspot.com/, 
  and for me to get high tonight the police evidence locker would be a great resource !, 
  hmm is that dbvolmeter us-only ? 
  ca n't seem to find it in the finnish app store . 
  this is like the story of jason russell , make something nice and with good intentions only to mess it by masturbating in public . 
  1 ) reverse pinch in default camera app . 
  3 ) zoom !, 
  a lot of people are giving their input on the app itself , so here 's my 2 cents :, 
  camera + 's clarity feature is killer . 
  i do n't take photos with camera + , i like the speed and hdr functionality of the default app ( not to mention its accessibility ) , but for post-processing i go to camera + pretty much 100 % of the time . 
  clarity imparts some hi-pass overlay , sharpens the image , brings out the shadows and in general does things i ca n't do in iphoto ( getting back to that later ) or other apps ( although hdr fx , a new app , has some nice manual controls but still does n't match the quality of one-click clarity ) . 
  the effects are nice and varied , i only use the ones that come with the app ( though the extra filters look more tempting every day ) and a dealbreaker is that i have opacity control over the effect . 
  layering several would be nice without having to save and re-import , but i rarely find the need to do so . 
  unfortunately with camera + 's vignette ( in borders -  simple ) you do n't have opacity control , but instead captioning ( anyone even use that ? 
  ) , which is a shame . 
  this is why usually after the initial work in camera + i save the image and open it in iphoto where i do final color corrections and ( rarely ) highlight/shadow/contrast / brightness fixes . 
  the brushes in iphoto are awesome although rudimentary but can really help achieve focus in a photo . 
  afterwards i set a vignette if deemed necessary , give the photo a name and viola , photo finished . 
  usually all of this takes 1-3 minutes depending on the photo , most of the work is done imo when compositing the picture , then i merely enhance the story captured with the tools mentioned . 
  you got it serviced in dar es salaam or ? 
  it 's probably confirmation bias but i swear i knew the moment i saw this it was the 550d . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  i was merely illuminating op that you can achieve bufugly digital zoom in the default camera app as well , not only 3rd party apps . 
  one point i can think of is the comparative resale value after 4 years . 
  great way to start the day o_o, 
  dude i do all my sessions with 3-5 sets lifting heavy and i gained 4 kgs in a month , for biceps i have four routines each having 3-5 sets and they growing nice . 
  when i started out i worked out only twice a week and made serious gains . 
  they 're so talentless they 've starred in countless blockbusters . 
  let the world have its talking_sandwich goddamnit !, 
  good try , but the production and acting quality clearly shows a lack of experience making films . 
  it 's hard to pinpoint but the acting lacks umf and the edits sometimes lack purpose ( one example is the traffic lights , going red to green and then a dark fade , why ? ) . 
  no shot really pans ( hallmark effect for high production ) , colors are kind of all over and there is n't a feeling of fluidity to the story , the hit and run happens suddenly and we cut to them outside the car just staring right in front of the body ... could have explored the psychological outcome of the hit , i.e. 
  trippy guy goes all nuts , drivers tries to calm them while the guys in the back jester etc. 
  now there 's no tension except for the direct plot point which makes it feel two-dimensional . 
  i do n't want to discourage you , i think it 's awesome you guys did this , i 'm sure it was educational and fun and i think you should keep pushing for a more professional end result at all costs . 
  get 110 % out of the material when filming and push it 110 % in the editing room . 
  nice , a proper reel . 
  props for all the work with glc !, 
  i export the audio into logic and use compressors/denoisers etc. 
  in it , export and import into premiere , make that my audio source . 
  if i have audio and music i export separately so it 's easier to move forward if i end up doing more edits in premiere . 
  3 pages is too much and this crashed alien blue twice trying to read this . 
  bad site , good article . 
  actually i talked with god , he said all of dat is totally cool with him . 
  i asked to confirm and he said fo sho , them righteous punks got it all twisted . 
  protip : after saving the first file , go to finder , cmd + c to copy and hit cmd + v as many times as you need files . 
  rename accordingly . 
  then just open up each file and splice out the parts not relevant to the song in question . 
  good , for a while i was thinking this photographer trapped an animal , killed it , stitched it into that position and composed the shot . 
  glad to see mr. occam is doing fine and dandy . 
  apologies if anything is unclear , i translated this from finnish . 
  first , take 4 eggs and 2 dl of sugar . 
  beat the eggs and sugar until fluffy , strain 1 dl of wheat flour , 1/2 dl potato flour , 1/2 spoon of baking powder and stir/mix until even . 
  put baking paper on a tray and spread the dough evenly . 
  place in the oven pre-heated to 175 c for about 15 minutes . 
  follow the dough , it 's ready when it becomes golden colored . 
  once ready , get it out and flip it upside-down onto a new tray that has sugar spread on it . 
  remove the baking paper immediately , if it 's stuck to the dough , use a wet cloth to dampen the paper before removing . 
  take a springform cake pan ( cake pan with a removable bottom ) , place baking paper at the bottom , shut the cake pan . 
  use the pan to cut the circle shape from the dough to be the bottom layer of the cake . 
  save the remaining dough !, 
  make some dampening liquid . 
  1 dl of milk , 1/4 tsp vanilla sugar and approx . 
  1 tsp sugar . 
  dampen the dough you just placed in the pan . 
  take approx . 
  1 1/2 bananas , cut up into pieces , place them on the bottom . 
  take 2 dl of curd and 1 disk ( approx 130-150g , can be more  of white chocolate . 
  melt the white chocolate and mix it with the curd . 
  add 3 tbsp of sugar , 1 tsp of vanilla sugar . 
  take 3-4 discs of gelatin and put them in cold water . 
  as the gelatin is in the water , beat some whipping cream . 
  take the gelatin discs into a cup and put them into a microwave for 20-30 seconds . 
  pour it into the curd-chocolate mix and stir it well . 
  afterwards add the whipped cream and mix it until it 's a uniform mass . 
  spread it evenly on top of the bananas . 
  use the dampening liquid on the dough pieces left behind ( on one side only ! ) . 
  place them on top of the curd-chocolate-gelatin-cream layer with the damp side pressing into the layer and use the dampening liquid again on the top side . 
  afterwards , put a mix of frozen berries on the top layer ( make sure they 're totally frozen ) . 
  boil either 1/2 l of water with juice concentrate ( blueberry concentrate works awesomely ) or 1/2 l juice . 
  once it 's at a simmer , pour 2 dl of jelly sugar ( to make jello ) and stir . 
  once it starts to boil , take it off the stove . 
  let it cool down a little and using a tablespoon or something similar , slowly pour the soon-to-be-jello liquid onto the frozen berries to finish the final layer of the cake .
