gmd is far from functioning and nothing else in the us arsenal can stop icbms . 
  they did n't do a leukocyte count to see if it 's viral or bacterial first ? 
  what about kill all non-sunnis ? 
  i guess it 's ok then if i call for genocide of all the jews that believe in judaism , but say that those jews that are atheists are fine . 
  nice ad hominems , really proved your point . 
  dental black plaque a nasty time in european history when teeth were pitch black and nobody smiled . 
  [ the swede ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/3f/eb/7c/3feb7c49e50b8a5172550e55e2bd3839.jpg ), 
  and murderers like you make me sick . 
   had to check the meaing of vis maior , because i do n't speak latin . 
  and even if i did , i would probably refrain myself from using it in casual conversations because that would only make me look like a pretentious asshole . 
  but i digress . 
  the term and various others is pretty regularly used in croatia . 
  if it makes me look like an pretentious asshole , i guess it makes you look like an uneducated troglodyte . 
   check out some of those photos and decide yourself , what is and what is n't human : http://slwstr.net/pk3/2016/liczbyiobrazki i saw the photos , they 're defects like any other , does n't make them any less human than any other defects . 
   also , i 'm nobody to decide what is and what is n't human , because i 'm a dude . 
  the mother is to decide . 
  and that 's what this whole debate is about . 
  i guess if your mother decides you 're no longer human people would have the right to kill you . 
   and also nobody said that being a citizen is inherently linked with some duty to personally defend it . 
  it is still linked , that 's why all major countries still have clauses in their laws about military service . 
   the age of massive armies of untrained cannon fodder are over . 
  it 's more efficient to not murder millions with reckless military duty , instead letting citizens fuel the machine of highly trained professionals with their specialized work . 
  i defend my country by working honestly , and paying my taxes fully and on time . 
  it works while you 're fighting two bit middle eastern nations over which you have massive superiority , and truthfully it only works when you 're has a population large enough to have a large professional army . 
  poland with it 's population would have no chance against russia or the us without conscription . 
  and amazingly professional armies work so well that throughout the cold war all major players had conscription or draft . 
   your ancestors were fed some bullshit propaganda about duty and glory , back in xix century , when they were needed for another war . 
  and you still repeat this crap to this day . 
  grow up . 
  i should grow up ? 
  you should grow up , this boils down to you being an egoistical greedy man , wanting all the benefits of a system but none of the pain . 
  at least admit it . 
  http://www.telawiw.msz.gov.pl/en/consular_information/citizenship/zrzeczenie/ well you 're government 's embassy in tel aviv says you can . 
   two-thirds of the time a fertilized egg does n't attach itself to the uterus , and is flushed down next time the lady menstruates . 
  is that a human baby ? 
  should we make a little funeral every month for every sexually active female ? 
  vis maior  is that a human baby ? 
  yes . 
   should we make a little funeral every month for every sexually active female ? 
  so no . 
   also , what about the times where the embryo is so badly damaged , even if it could live a vegetable life on it 's own , there 's no brain , no face , it 's so disfigured it 's basically not human ? 
  who are you to decide what is and what is n't human . 
  i remember a period of history when certain groups of people did n't consider poles to be humans . 
  i guess it was ok to abort adult poles then . 
  i mean they 're not human so it 's not murder it 's only abortion . 
  ad hominems and projection . 
  fyi i do n't blow my loads into tissues and i do n't watch scat porn . 
  and also it 's not murder , there is a difference between haploid and diploid organisms . 
  sperm and ovums are haploids therefore it 's not considered murder , on the other hand zygote , embryo , fetus , and live human are all diploids . 
  sperm alone or an ovum alone will never become living diploid humans . 
  a zygote without external interference if everything goes right will . 
  you 're free to give up your citizenship and move to no man 's land . 
  nobody is forcing you to be a citizen of a country . 
  not if you commit abortion , then you also murder people . 
  if that clause is removed conscientious objection to military service should also be forbidden , and anybody calling on it should lose his citizenship for being unwilling to fulfill his duties to the state . 
  soviet union and china . 
  without the soviet occupation of eastern europe and the threat of communism spreading there would be no need for the marshall plan . 
  and without marshall plan you 'd have an undeveloped western europe . 
  so it would probably be better for the east , but it would be worse for the west . 
   i am not sure if you got all details , but chernobyl is nuclear powerplant with a nuclear reactor with nuclear fuel . 
  just like nuclear powered ship has nuclear reactor with nuclear fuel . 
  i took it literally on purpose and said chernobyl ca n't float , i was being a cunt . 
  but that said chernobyl is an ancient rmbk design with no failsafes . 
  modern reactors have failsafes and numerous other improvements . 
  referring to chernobyl would be like me referring to 19th century electric cars . 
   are you really accepting dozens of various nuclear reactors floating into your ports ? 
  we already had a us carrier anchored off our coast , we do n't really have a place where they can dock . 
  i would , for one chernobyl ca n't float , also it 's some 1400 km away from the adriatic sea . 
  if we compare electric cars to fossil fuel ones , and nuclear ships to fossil fuel ones . 
  you 'll see that nuclear ships are an already developed and functioning technology , no need to invest into battery research . 
  also if you switched all the ships to nuclear you 'd lower pollution much more than if you switched all the cars to electric . 
  not only because of the amount of pollution , but also because majority of electricity is produced from fossil fuels . 
  hydrogen can be produced by electrolysis , but the majority of hydrogen is produced from fossil fuels . 
  the real way to lower pollution is to switch the world shipping fleet to nuclear . 
  all ships put together create several times more pollution than all cars put together . 
  but due to irrational fears the only country in the world that still operates civilian nuclear vessels is russia . 
  i do n't know . 
  it ca n't be modernized by bringing computers into the mix . 
  computers make rigging an election a lot easier , with a paper only system you have to compromise thousands of voting locations , basically create a conspiracy involving thousands of people . 
  with the computer you just have to compromise one system . 
  the second problem is anonymity , as i said it 's impossible to guarantee integrity and anonymity . 
  and if the election is n't anonymous you could have a huge spike in cases of slow progressive schizophrenia . 
  it 's actually much much harder . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy_phvhe4os ) a video about estonian internet voting from 31c3 . 
  it shows how a state actor ( such as us , russia , or china ) can rig the estonian elections . 
  also why in general internet voting is a bad idea . 
  with the current cryptography it 's impossible to achieve anonymity , integrity , and confidentiality at the same time . 
  smallpox eradication program . 
  but heritage and ethnicity are important , they are what define you as an individual . 
  over here based on somebody 's surname ( and sometimes name ) you can make an educated guess with a huge degree of accuracy on who he 's voting for . 
  why ? 
  because certain surnames come from certain villages , and it is well know which village was communist and which was fascist during ww2 , and people are raised and educated by their parents and take on their parents ideology and beliefs . 
  if you read the article you 'll see that their planes have military transponders with iff , but those ca n't be used for civilian purposes only by the russian military . 
  article also says that airspace in russia belongs to the military , and civilian planes can only use predetermined routes , which means that lack of civilian transponders is n't a problem for russian airspace . 
  does anybody have the stats that compare home ownership between nato and warsaw pact europe ? 
  as others said they did n't have enough nukes , but also . 
  they did n't have an efficient delivery system . 
  no missiles only ww2 strategic bombers . 
  with the range those had , and the fact that they 'd have to drop dumb bombs . 
  they 'd be able to use nukes against targets in central europe , maybe ukraine , but they would n't be able to reach major soviet population and industrial centers .
