  and also ww2 nukes are a joke , we are talking pure fission devices ( not even boosted fission ) , fat man was 20 kt . 
  compare that to modern devices that range from 300 kt up to 1.5 mt. 
  and considering ww2 nuke weight and size you could n't use them efficiently at a tactical level . 
  what 's the polish stereotype about czechs ? 
  usually if several neighbouring countries share the same stereotype you can assume it to be true . 
  killing of offspring that are n't your own is also a reproductive tactic that exists in animals . 
  i guess if you find out the kid is n't yours it 's okay to bash his head against concrete . 
  the majority of the public . 
  nations are n't countries , so no it is n't citizenship . 
  kurds are a nation without a country . 
  nationality is not citizenship . 
   sure it does . 
  jails are a kind of necessary evil we inflict upon people to protect and deter others . 
  it therefore has the justifying characteristic of being a preventive and punitive measure . 
  i 'm sure this also is the thought behind sending them to iraq . 
  as you said same applies to deportation  jails do n't infringe upon the a priori rights like a right to life , to bodily integrity , and to food , water and shelter in the same way sending someone to iraq does . 
  sending somebody to iraq does n't infringe any of those rights . 
  plenty of iraq is peaceful and has food , water , and shelter . 
   the fact we sometimes have to treat people badly when we need to does n't mean we can treat people inhumanely when we feel like it . 
  we 're not doing it when we feel like it , we 're doing it because people committed crimes . 
  but is n't jailing him infringing on his right to freedom ? 
  the act is over but he is still going to jail . 
   it 's a terrible idea , because it is irreversible , crude , extremely costly and does not give the criminal a chance to reform or change . 
  the point of the capital punishment is that it 's irreversible and gives no chance to reform . 
  also some people ca n't be reformed , e.g. 
  psychopaths . 
   it 's outside of due process and does not help with the problem . 
  due process is what the laws say it is , if it says noncitizens can be punished by deportation then it is within the due process . 
  laws can be changed , they 're changed all the time even constitutions . 
   if anything , you are making the situation worse in the original country by sending these people back . 
  their country their problem . 
   there are also refugee conventions that prevent this , as once a country has granted someone asylum they are responsible for them . 
  there are conventions on human rights and still we jail people . 
   you ca n't just send them back , and it is quite clear that you have no notion or even cared to take five minutes seconds to think this through . 
  why ca n't we just send them back , give me a concrete reason . 
  it 's quite clear you did n't read my post . 
  what is so ** special ** about the right to asylum ? 
  and the whole idea of capital punishment is that people lose their right to life . 
  but we 've established that actions can cost you your human rights . 
  what 's so special about the right to asylum ? 
  you raped you 're a refugee , back to the warzone with you . 
  i guess you 're against sending rapists to jail since one of the basic human rights is the right to freedom . 
  it boils down to the fact that no country wants to feed 200 000 invalids after the war . 
  the majority of the banned weapons are weapons that maim instead of kill . 
  it has nothing to do with morality but with economics . 
  [ mk-54 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w54 ) in the davy crockett ca n't take out a small city since it 's only equivalent to 10-20 tons of tnt . 
  key part is getting the shit together . 
  for one uk is like 30-40 % ( number has been pulled out of my ass ) of eu defence capability with the french probably being another 30-40 % . 
  and uk is leaving according to their referendum . 
  and even with the uk the current state of the majority of militaries in the eu is abysmal . 
  with the current state of preparedness , if eu tried getting their shit together only after russians attacked , by the time they did it russians would be sunbathing on atlantic beaches . 
  and in regards to nukes , if the s-500 actually turns out to be capable of intercepting large ballistic missiles like icbms and slbms , france and uk will lose their nuclear deterrent , unless they either increase the numbers or develop better delivery systems . 
   every decent sized country has a knitting scene larger than the `` racing scene '' . 
  proofs , please . 
  that reminds me i can use knitting needles as a deadly weapon , i think we need to restrict access . 
  since i ca n't really source a proof for racing scenes , there is n't a central database of competitions . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_motor_racing_tracks here you go these are some not all of the tracks for racing by country . 
  i 'd say we can safely assume that every country with a track obviously has a need for one and that there 's a racing scene . 
   we already are . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:new_york_city_soft_drink_size_limit_protest_sign.jpg from what i understand from the picture since you did n't really source it , just linked a picture . 
  that 's a limit on portion not number of calories you can buy . 
  you 're still legally allowed to buy infinite portions , and you do n't need a license to own food . 
  i 'm fine with being limited to buying bullets only in packages of 30 under . 
   the discussion should be what is best for society overall . 
  see that 's a problematic one . 
  almost anything can be sold under the label `` for the greater good '' , `` best for society '' . 
  considering that dangerous people will always find a way no matter what tools they have , it would be better for society to ban dangerous people than to ban the tools they use . 
  very few people is an understatement . 
  every decent sized country ( i mean 2-4 million people and upwards ) has a racing scene . 
  i know that in croatia there 's a rally event that uses ladas , it attracts quite a lot of people from all around . 
  you get croatians , hungarians , slovenians , austrian , pretty much all neighboring countries , as racers and spectators . 
  and that 's one event , there 's more . 
  and i 'm pretty sure you have a vice , be it tobacco , alcohol , cannabis , or worse . 
  all of those are dangerous and considering the damage that alcoholism does to families , alcohol should probably be the first thing banned on this planet . 
  but we 're not going to ban alcohol because some retards ca n't control themselves and destroy their livers and their lives . 
  eating too much and getting overweight presents a serious cost on society , especially in countries with free healthcare , are we going to limit access to food to control obesity , sorry sir you used up your oligosaccharide allowance for this month , you need an type 3 license to get more . 
  and in regards to firearms , they are a tool as any other , all tools have a capacity for misuse . 
  one of the first thing that happens when you restrict firearms is a fall in firearms related homicide , the next thing that is a spike in knife related homicides . 
  shit even nukes are tools like any other , and to prove that just look up the usage history . 
  nukes have been only used twice for war , but they 've been used dozens of times as tools for peaceful purposes . 
  well while you 're at it you have to ban ownership of all machining tools . 
  every decent mechanical engineering university is equipped with tools to manufacture firearms . 
  and all the blueprints you 'd ever need are available online . 
  because people enjoy car racing . 
  there are plenty of race tracks available for use , you 've just got to pay . 
  production plays a big role in wars , and for one you 're underestimating russian military production . 
  another thing the first few months of war are fought on stockpiles until production ramps up and has n't there been an article recently how germany only has 2 days worth of stockpiles . 
  and considering the libya campaign france has a week worth of bombs when bombing libya , not fighting russia . 
  would eu be able to even stop the first russian advance . 
  raw manpower takes time to train , russians have conscription still ongoing which means that the majority of men are already ready for a war . 
  eu could fight russia if it actually invested in it 's military , but to make up for the lack of investments throughout the last two decades it would take much more than 2 % of gdp . 
  one of the biggest problems with the west is that they 've managed to convince themselves that the fall of the soviet union was the end of history . 
  that no more progress will be made but all countries will become liberal democracies , and no more threats or wars will happen . 
  as we can see china is growing in power , russia is having a resurgence , and even in europe there is a rise in illiberalism , not to mention the rise of muslim extremism . 
  icbms themselves are really expensive . 
   russia has several ballistic missiles which use conventional warheads by default which ones ? 
  you 're probably thinking of tochka and iskander missiles which are n't icbms but srbms . 
   it also makes it far more difficult for the enemy to fight , and you never know which incoming warhead is nuclear , if any . 
  it also makes it more likely that the enemy will launch a nuclear strike , since he ca n't know if it 's a nuke or not and it 's better to play it safe . 
  a system that has the range of an icbm will have the cost of an icbm which makes it impractical .
