  he done it to grab votes from ukip bigots . 
  last time i went to sweden - uppsala in fact - i had to get my insurance to pay for a helicopter to safety because it was just way too intense with all the violence in the streets . 
  every time i see the swedish flag i suffer from an episode of ptsd . 
  you probably wo n't find much support for it in europe . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion on it but i do n't think it 's needed unless it 's for a medical reason . 
  i appreciate it 's done for religious/cultural reasons but it 's a bit weird to unnecessarily chop part of a sex organ off . 
  the uk used to ( still does actually ) do this . 
  it 's 65 for men and 61 for women . 
  it 's a bit outdated , especially since women tend to live longer . 
  they 're making both genders 65 from next year ( and increasing to 68 eventually ) . 
  one of the theories is that men used to marry younger women in previous decades so this allowed them to retire as close together as possible , but i am not sure how true that is - anyone ? 
  i have an irrational hate for john barrowman . 
  they own the second biggest supermarket in the uk , asda . 
  that was a take-over , though , rather than setting up here . 
  yes , unless i 'm in london because it 'd be weird since you get off using the middle door and not the front . 
  drunken brits abroad are an absolute embarrassment . 
  i ca n't go to places like amsterdam because i get really annoyed at all the stag do 's full of drunken brits being loud . 
  i was in the highlands of iceland in october and there was a bunch of drunken brits sharing our coach , and even started being rude when asked to quieten down . 
  they are everywhere !, 
  chip butty . 
  chip barm . 
  older people from the south of the region do it a little bit but it 's not common . 
  i am no expert on it but i feel for a country so wealthy there should be universal health care . 
  health care should be a right and not a privilege . 
  in my region if the uk ( top of north yorkshire , bottom of the north east england ) it 's common to drop the letter t in some words , like water and waiter . 
  they become ( kind of ) `` wah-eh '' and `` wai-eh '' . 
  it 's also common to drop the h in front of some words like home becoming ome . 
  people even confuse the article and say `` an ome '' rather than `` a home '' . 
  those are not unique to my area but they 're really common here . 
  people here have a confused accent . 
  it 's a kind of hybrid yorkshire one with a north eastern one , spoken like someone from liverpool ( maybe only brits will understand that ? 
  lagom just sounds like what it means . 
  it 's even better spoken with a swedish accent . 
  the word lagom is great . 
  i wish it was used in english . 
  we have a clothes shop in the uk called bon marche , and it sells cheap clothes . 
  those are staple 90s classics here in the uk . 
  aye but the uk and denmark have permanent opt outs from joining the euro whereas the others do n't . 
  i like the eu but i like how some countries are standing their ground with the euro . 
  are n't some countries purposefully not joining the european exchange rate thingymajig so they do n't have to use the euro ? 
  i believe sweden is purposefully avoiding joining despite being obliged to . 
  yes they did . 
  i do n't know what i read !, 
  i 'm no economist but what would happen to the euro is germany or france messed up and their economy started to suffer ? 
  does that then impact the rest if the eurozone ? 
  it seems risky that some economies in the eurozone could affect the rest . 
  has greece 's debt crisis negatively affected the euro value ? 
  edit : nothing to see here ... 
  i came here to be angry at all the brit-bashing but you have surprised me . 
  thanks r/askeurope !, 
  we just tut loudly . 
  they 're not massive here but people still buy into their shit . 
  recently i 've noticed people pay `` psychics '' to come to their house and predict their future or some bollocks . 
  cheers !, 
  i always get a strange anxiety about language when travelling but i 'm english and everyone learns is these days !, 
  i 'm going to poland in a few weeks . 
  i always try to speak a little of the local language but i 'm failing with polish !, 
  i 'm going to krak\u00f3w , so do you think english will get me by ? 
  i at least learn the local saying for `` do you speak english ? '', 
  which almost always comes back a `` yes '' . 
  in the uk there 's a difference between legal drinking age and legal age to purchase . 
  legal drinking age is 5 , as long as it 's at home or on private premesis . 
  outside of home a 16 year old can have alcohol ( beer , cider or wine ) with a meal as long as they'e accompanied by an adult . 
  the legal age to buy alcohol here is 18 , so that often comes hand in hand with the drinking age . 
  it 's illegal for someone to buy alcohol for anyone under 18 , so i do n't know what happens if a parent buys their child alcohol to be consumed at home since they only need to be 5 ... 
  i think these are sensible as they largely leave the responsibility up to the parents but also protect kids from buying alcohol too young . 
  are you a british citizen ? 
  if so you can come back when you like . 
  if not then like you said we do n't know . 
  i imagine it will be based on being a current resident in the uk to whether eu citizens are able to live and work here following brexit . 
  i very much doubt the government will open it up to people who used to live and work here in the past . 
  it might be something along the lines of you having to be a resident within the past 6 months to be able to remain a resident following brexit . 
  if your parents live here then you may be able to come back because of that . 
  i do n't want to talk about it . 
  it 's the limescale in it i think . 
  a friend of mine lives in lincoln and the water is horrible . 
  it almost tastes dirty ( i know it 's not ) . 
  she has to use filters to drink it . 
  i live in teesside and we get the nice water . 
  a but further down south and it 's horrible . 
  i never knew water could taste so different . 
  it 's even worse in the east midlands , where it tastes like feet . 
  i 'd probably add copenhagen and amsterdam to that because it 's easy to get from sweden to copenhagen via malm\u00f6 . 
  amsterdam is a little de-tour but i think people doing a road trip around europe should visit . 
  i assume the op is going for 3 months ( ? ), 
  so there 's so much more that can fit in during that time , maybe even go over to venice , ljubljana , budapest , bratislava , vienna , prague , maybe then back down to munich , up to berlin and so on ... there 's probably more time to do other things if they plan it well . 
  like / u/tonygaze i 'd suggest staying longer in barcelona , too . 
  maybe not for 12 days , but longer than 2 . 
  it 's a big city with lots to see . 
  maybe you could extend it to 3 to 5 days ? 
  it 's close to the beach as well , but you could save that for the islands flights are cheap and less than an hour from barcelona to the balearic islands but from the islands to venice they 're about 3 hours and not as cheap ( cheaper ones will be with budget airline planes that resemble flying busses and will take off at stupid times ) . 
  if you 're into getting wasted and partying into the early hours then the main islands will be ibiza and majorca ( with the well known magaluf or `` shagaluf '' - beware of the over-representation of drunken british teenagers on their first holiday , you may have to step over some of them in the streets ) . 
  although the islands have a reputation for hosting hoards of drunken teenagers/20-somethings , spewing up the streets , eating disgusting food and causing trouble , they actually have some beautiful scenery , historic sites and much less rowdy nightlife in other areas . 
  majorca is also a popular place and pretty picturesque . 
  just do n't get confused with the other popular spanish iclands , the canary islands , because they 're the wrong direction for you ( in the atlantic , off the coast of southern morocco ) . 
  people say you can do venice in a day but i do n't think you can take it all in that quickly , especially when there 's masses of tourists there every day clogging up the paths and bridges ; if it 's not crowded when you arrive just wait until the cruise ships dock , releasing tens of thousands of people . 
  unfortunately you 'll find overcrowding of tourists a problem in most main european tourists spots at the time of the year you are going ... it ca n't be helped . 
  you could do venice in 2 or 3 days but could spend longer if you are a proper culture vulture . 
  my rough recommendations would be 5 days in barcelona , 4 on one of the islands ( maybe popping over to another one of them if you have time ) and 3 in venice . 
  edit : you could also use something like [ kayak ] ( https://www.kayak.co.uk/explore ) to find the cheapest flight deals ( you can change the currency on the home page ) .
