  it sounds like the uk just has really shitty build quality . 
  in the uk thread most people could hear their neighbours , whereas it seems elsewhere the build quality is a bit better so it absorbs the sound more . 
  in my last place i barely spoke to my neighbours but i knew almost everything about them . 
  i 'm glad to be out of there !, 
  having a massive whinge about anything . 
  you probably need to look at the practicalities of getting a visa or passport first . 
  being outside of the eu/eea makes it much more difficult to be able to work in europe . 
  in the uk for example , one of your parents need to be british otherwise you have no chance unless you can fill a job on the tier 2 list , which is a list of jobs open to international applicants ( and usually requires specific skill sets ) . 
  in some countries you can get a passport from having grandparents who came from there ( i believe italy is one ) . 
  apart from the uk and ireland you 'd also have a hard time if you never spoke another language . 
  there are international organisations that operate in english but they 're not overly common , and you 'd have a bit of a nightmare with things like sorting utilities out without getting someone to help . 
  the only other options are that you 're well off and can prove you can live here without state support or a company sponsors you , but you 'd often end up at the back of the queue after locals and the rest of the eu/eea and you 'd usually need to be pretty special for them to do that anyway . 
  [ middlesbrough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middlesbrough ) , ~ ~ armpit ~ ~ north east of england . 
  we get hardly any tourists here . 
  there 's quite a large amount of international students and immigrants but there 's little here for tourists to do and see . 
  the only tourists i have known have been from elsewhere in the uk , usually from nearby towns and cities . 
  the council closed the tourist information centre ; the reason being was for refurbishment of the town hall but there has n't been a temporary one put in place like with other services . 
  basically , it 's not needed . 
  the only thing i found people would travel here for is to bungee jump off [ this bridge ] ( http://i4.gazettelive.co.uk/incoming/article7908424.ece/alternates/s615/js30072953.jpg ) because it 's apparently the only bridge site in the uk that offers bungee jumping . 
  we have a few museums but they 're not great . 
  there 's a modern art gallery called mima ( middlesbrough institute of modern art ) , but the operational side of it has been taken over by the local university because of council funding cuts and it 's not very good ( but i am a bit bias because i do n't find any modern art gallery particularly interesting ) . 
  it 's one of those towns that used to be something ( the sydney harbour bridge was designed here , for example ) but now it simply just exists . 
  i 've heard people call it the detriot of the uk . 
  i genuinely do not know why i am still living here ... 
  in one way or another it is n't free . 
  it is still paid for , usually from taxes . 
  most european countries have high taxes in relation to the usa . 
  germany , for example , has insurance but health care is still heavily funded by the government . 
  i think one of the major differences is that everyone is entitled to the same level of health care regardless of they 're rich or poor . 
  i ca n't speak for all of europe but that 's for countries that offer universal health care , which is most of them with a few exceptions in eastern europe . 
  in the uk everyone is entitled to the same treatment regardless of what they earn . 
  we pay 20 % income tax on anything over # 11,000 ( around $ 14,000 ) and it rises to 40 % when you earn over # 43,000 ( there 's more but i wo n't bore you ) . 
  i believe an average earner will hand over around 30 % of their income to the government , and people who earn more hand more over ( unless you are really rich and use loopholes to avoid tax ) . 
  we also pay something called national insurance which is just another form of income tax . 
  on top of that , with lots of exceptions , we pay vat of 20 % on things we buy ( like in the usa you have tax added at the checkout , our tax is usually included in the price but 20 % of that figure goes to the government ) . 
  that was amazing . 
  i had to watch it to the end . 
  i work for a social landlord and it 's very stressful . 
  not only do i work with inefficient skeletons adopted from the local council , who do 4 hours of work a day and spend the rest of the time floating around , the stereotypes of the tenant base are largely true . 
  i get shouted at daily because i wo n't arrange for a tenants light bulb to be replaced , and the sense of entitlement from people who do not contribute to society is amazing ; `` it 's my right '' . 
  it 's also got even more shit with the harsh welfare cuts to most of our tenants and the industry as a whole . 
  we lost over 100 staff because of that . 
  but it pays well , i have a 15 % pension but only pay for 6 % , get bupa insurance and work monday to friday . 
  those are the reasons i 'm staying for now . 
  it 's a means to an end . 
  google and chrome . 
  come to think of it google own me . 
  i use android , chrome app , youtube , google maps , google docs , google sheets , google keep , android pay , gmail , google translate , google rewards and google news . 
  british , english then european . 
  i 'm not patriotic , though . 
  definitely sarcasm !, 
  haha . 
  allowing the general population to vote on whether to leave the eu . 
  no one knows english but they still come to the uk . 
  the worst offenders are those nordic lot . 
  they come here in their own little communities and do n't learn the native language . 
  this is why brexit happened people !, 
  erm , * cough * . 
  edit : / s in case anyone was thinking i was being a bigot !, 
  there 's [ boomf ] ( https://boomf.com ) , which is customised marshmallows . 
  i 've never used it so ca n't comment on the taste but it might cheer someone up to get some unexpectedly with happy memories on them . 
  we 've always been very close to the usa where media is concerned . 
  the biggest music , films and tv in the world are usually american and british . 
  it 's probably because english is the global language so more people can access the media . 
  it 's very developed in the uk on the scale where hollywood films are often made here ( although obviously not in hollywood ) . 
  the uk often works closely with american film makers . 
  tv is also really well developed . 
  we have internationally recognised broadcasters and produce content shown around the world , but i 'm sure you know this already . 
  both industries are heavily centred in and around london , with some film studios in other cities . 
  manchester has a good presence for tv since major departments from the big broadcasters reloalcated there . 
  whatsapp and facebook messenger are the biggest in the uk . 
  basically facebook own messaging platforms here . 
  i 've seen loads . 
  i 'm quite a big fan of european cinema . 
  my favourites are german . 
  the princess and the warrior , goodbye lenin , run lola run , the edukators , the wave ... 
  i could go on . 
  i also love pan 's labyrinth , the girl with the dragon tattoo , city of god ( brazilian , though ) and loads more . 
  if you 're there in a weekend or during school holidays then avoid them unless you want to be stressed at the amount of kids in the museums , particularly the natural history one . 
  david smith is more common than john smith in the uk . 
  similar . 
  almost all temperature is in \u00b0 c , except when holiday companies want to make things sound exotic and say it 's 80 degrees and they mean \u00b0 f. 
  we measure distance in miles and feet . 
  height is usually feet and inches . 
  weight is in stone ( 14 pounds ) and pounds . 
  but increasingly people are using the metric system , except for distance which is almost always miles . 
  most toiletries are in ml . 
  food is now usually advertised in g and kg but some places still show the old oz and lbs equivalent , probably for older people . 
  drinks are measured in ml but we still have traditional units like pints . 
  we do n't use money . 
  we still trade in women and rice . 
  mine are usually awkward british politeness gone wrong . 
  me : hi , how are you ? 
  them : i 'm good , you ? 
  me : i 'm fine thanks , you ? 
  them : ... 
  church and state are not fully separate here . 
  christianity is the biggest religion , but no-religion is the second biggest category now at 25 % . 
  i reckon it 's even higher than that if you include people who identify as christian but do n't really follow it . 
  in practice there are not many devout christians .
