  yes , at the moment being in the eu helps ( i am worried that it may go tits up when we come out ) but there 's so much of this doom-and-gloom that the uk will become unstable and fall once it leaves the eu that i am just not believing it any more because we simply do not know . 
  we predicted a recession on the eu vote but it never happened , the economy actually grew and it 's prediction is to continue to grow . 
  like i said previously , i want to stay in the eu but this is the uk - one of the strongest economies in the world - so it 's not just going to let it 's main industries run away to frankfurt or paris . 
  this is just it , though . 
  no one has a clue what is going to happen , even the british government . 
  there 's been crazy suggestions of things like london visas and brits opting to be a british or eu citizen . 
  we just do n't know . 
  the usa and japan are the biggest economies in the world and they 're not part of a union like the eu so it 's not going to unrealistic to suggest that the uk might just be alright in the end . 
   saying exactly . 
  i 'm a fan of the eu but there has been an awful lot of `` saying '' following the result . 
  if worse comes to worse the government will suck up the costs . 
  its london . 
  it 's practically its own country now and it has such a long established history with finance that it would be stupid of the government not to look after it . 
  on top of that it seems like we are going to continue to have a `` you do me , i do you '' relationship with the usa , who clearly have a presence in london . 
  why can not you into nordic ? 
  haha , awesome !, 
  it 's so true . 
  this is parliamentary debates over the past 70 years summed up in 4 minutes . 
  it will still be london . 
  the british government will make sure of that . 
  london brings in nearly a quarter of the entire gdp and many , many headquarters within the uk are based in london . 
  i hate that brexit is happening but london is going to be protected one way or another , even at the expense of the rest of the uk ( which is shit ) . 
  that 's all our government do . 
  it 's boring . 
  the highest power in the hierarchy ( except monarchies because they do n't really operate the same as they used to ) is always blamed when things go wrong . 
  support for the european union ... 
  i read the title as gynecology and wondered why it was so popular in america . 
  people still use voicemail in the uk but , like other places , some kind of message is usually sent instead ( sms , whatsapp etc ) . 
  russia is loving this and trump is playing right into their hands . 
  ireland is just like the uk but uses euros and kilometres . 
  in my area the average salary is around # 17,000 ( around $ 20k ) which is terrible compared to the uk average of # 27,000 ( around $ 31k ) . 
  people here get excited at # 15k jobs . 
  the cost or living is pretty much the same as most other parts of the north and council tax is higher than many large cities , including many london boroughs . 
  houses in shit holes might be cheaper but in decent areas they 're not much different to elsewhere in the north . 
  there 's just no investment in the area . 
  this is teesside , north east england . 
  georgian is a beautiful written language . 
  i feel that things are getting a lot easier in the uk now . 
  the government are clearly having a mass overhaul of the administration side of things , but they are a pain to get hold of . 
  a lot of things can be done online now . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i filled a paper form in or spoke to someone on the phone to apply for or amend anything . 
  i follow an account on instagram that posted [ this ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bpipqpoaki_/ ) image , which suggest that northern europe and the uk are the easiest places to do business with and it gets harder as you go south , so maybe the italians are right after all ? 
  i am not sure automation is going to destroy employment . 
  it will , like it has in the past , shift industries but we have a low unemployment rate in the uk , one of the lowest we 've ever had , despite the population growth and despite industries shifting to automation ( 1 check out assistant can control 10 self service check outs these days ) . 
  some people will gladly be idle , and those who wo n't , like you said , will likely go into more creative and humanitarian fields . 
  these things do n't make money . 
  if i was given a basic income and if it meant i could work part time and earn the same as i do now i would almost definitely go part time . 
  but that means i would be paying less tax . 
  if we all done that there 'd be less tax revenue to fund the basic income so it would have to come from somewhere else . 
  they 're not well paid for what they are but they are lifelong careers and better paid than working in a shop or an admin job , and much more respected careers . 
  i have 3 friends who are social workers , 2 nurses and 2 teachers . 
  they all pretty much hate their jobs but the money is enough to keep them in it . 
  they used to love their jobs and went in for the right reason but it 's not really the job they hate it 's the bureaucracy and the general public who make their life harder than it needs to be . 
  i am pretty sure that if they were told they could earn the same wage , topped up by a guaranteed income , working fewer hours or in a different job then they would . 
  less stress and the same income would win it for a lot of people . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ did n't ^ ^ downvote ^ ^ you , ^ ^ not ^ ^ sure ^ ^ why ^ ^ someone ^ ^ else ^ ^ did ? 
  since i was young i have wanted to visit russia but my feelings have changed . 
  over the past decade or so i have grown to dislike russia . 
  i 'm shocked at how such a large ~ ~ and powerful ~ ~ country is going backwards . 
  what shocked me more is that russians actually agree with the policies and practices putin has in place ; he apparently has 80 % + approval ratings ?!, 
  i just think it 's a government who is stuck in the past and desperately wants it 's empire back . 
  i think it 's a great idea but in the uk , and and assume other countries , i do n't think it would work because there 's too many people who would use this as an excuse to not work . 
  i also think it would see a drop in jobs that are necessary for a country to run , like nursing , teaching , social work etc. . . because why would people put up with these jobs which often pay less than average wage when they can have a much easier life in a less skilled job that gets topped up by a basic income ? 
  to some degree the uk already has a kind of basic income . 
  people out of work are given benefits and those in work earning below a certain amount get their income topped up by the government ; this is known as tax credits ) . 
  it 's just people who earn over a certain amount ( i do n't know the figure/criteria off the top of my head ) get little or no additional financial support from the government . 
  although i would love it to be a thing , i do n't think it 's practical . 
  i guess you mean universal health care which is a `` staple '' in most of the west . 
  i agree . 
  america spend loads of its gdp on health care so it 's crazy how sometimes people ca n't afford to get treatment . 
  a friend of mine had to struggle for months because he never had $ 300 for a dentist appointment ( i think he needed a filling ) . 
  he was fresh out if school at the time , worked in panera bread ( i think ? ), 
  and had no family to help . 
  if that was the uk it would be # 20 . 
  # 54 maximum . 
  we should have a referendum . 
  generally , countries considered western are those that share european culture or were established by europe . 
  so we have most of europe , the americas and most of oceania . 
  it 's more of a term , probably coming from ancient times , to define similarities in culture , politics , language etc rather than a physical divide , since the actual west does n't include most of europe ; if you take it from the prime meridian then most of europe is in the eastern hemisphere . 
  we have loads of these here , too . 
  they 're awful but people watch them and genuinely believe them . 
  it 's totally baffling to my mind how people find them entertaining . 
  we have things like made in chelsea , the only way is essex , geordie shore , desi rascals and loads of others . 
  what 's worse is that they often produce famous people who everyone loves and buys their perfume or work out dvd . 
  sigh ... 
  the british version of jersey shore . 
  it 's some drunken people who would normally be nobodies getting drunk and making a fool of themselves on camera . 
  people watch it , though . 
  yeah but people listened to their albums . 
  album sales are falling massively now . 
  people can stream them but looking at numbers if streams on places like spotify suggests people mainly listen to the singles or popular album songs and ignore the rest . 
  that 's a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it . 
  generally places like the ural and caucas mountains , capian and black seas and such are considered the borders of europe but there is n't clearly defined borders . 
  it depends on which country or organisation you ask but they 're usually around those areas . 
  cyprus is pretty much in asia but it 's considered european and is part of the eu . 
  yup , very true . 
  some of the bands i have been listening to for years now release albums around 35 - 40 minutes long , whereas their older stuff was around an hour . 
  people 's attention span for music has changed . 
  it 's music and it 's influence in the music world . 
  although i am not a fan of most of the british legends i respect their place in music history and their influence is still apparent today .
