this may be just to allow a guest country each year , like with australia ( who have been twice now ! ), 
  it 's not , hence why she would n't say the things she did publicly however , what she said pre-referendum may just have been because she had to say those things . 
  she was chosen - kind of !, 
  - to lead the uk out of the eu so she ca n't publicly support this worry . 
  she would look like a weak leader if she talked about doom and gloom , so she has to keep her `` stiff upper lip '' and get on with the task she has been set . 
  but hopefully we wo n't be heading for a `` hard brexit '' after all . 
  i honestly think people in the uk feel the same way about gibraltar , we do n't think about it until someone mentions it . 
  i actually thought this was r/askeurope and not just europe . 
  i unsubscribed from r/europe as well because of all the brexit stuff . 
  not sure how i ended up here !, 
  it 's all brexit . 
  i do n't go there any more . 
  who cares about respect when there 's money to be made ? 
  exactly . 
  germany and france . 
  now , i am not suggesting that other places are n't targets but they 're not as much as places like france , germany and the usa . 
  and as far as i am aware most of these attacks are not from refugees . 
  the op is making it out that if they take in refugees then there 's almost a guarantee of a terrorist attack . 
  i do n't mean to be rude to hungarians here but would these islamic terrorist groups be concerned about hungary ? 
  i mean they 're about attacking large cities , tourist destinations and anywhere they can in france . 
  it 'll still be english . 
  most countries learn it as a second language ( or maybe a third ) . 
  is there many counties in europe who do n't teach english as a second language ? 
  i hate how english speaking nations are shit with foreign languages but it 's because the world is catered to us already . 
  the rest of the world is not suddenly going to switch to french or german to please the eu , and i imagine skills in french and german in places like the nordic countries are a lot worse than english ( some people there speak better english and brits !, 
  well hollywood is n't really know for its historical accuracies . 
  i wonder if an american will kill hitler and win the war ? 
  this is misleading . 
  lloyd 's is planning on opening offices or branches in parts of the eu because they * may * lose 4 % of their profit * if * they lose passporting rights . 
  of course , we have no idea if they 'd even need that because we have no idea what will happen . 
  if anything the government will look after the finance industry over most others . 
  they are just preparing in advance . 
  i voted to remain but i 'm bored of all this panic reporting . 
  absolutely and whether people like it or not a fair whack of european society has roots in religion , from architecture to our values . 
  there is n't excessive numbers but there are more reported after the brexit vote because thick people think it 's acceptable , which of course it is not . 
  i am all for getting rid of religious education in the preachy sense but i think it 's important to teach religion so people are not naive and ignorant towards it . 
  it 's one of those `` if '' clauses anyway . 
  they might not even need it . 
  it looks like no 883/2004 is about social security and free movement . 
  are they basically just asking to show national insurance contributions ? 
  it wo n't surprise me if the government do n't offer some kind of package to financial organisations to cover the cost of getting licencing in other countries . 
  one thing we can pretty much guarantee with brexit is that the uks much loved ( by the government ) financial industry will come out alright . 
  who are the biggest ? 
  do they sing in icelandic ? 
  i imagine this would be a stumbling block for the global market , although it is changing . 
  i really love samaris and \u00c1sgier , for example , and prefer their icelandic stuff even though i do n't really understand it . 
  who are the biggest ? 
  do they sing in icelandic ? 
  i imagine this would be a stumbling block for the global market , although it is changing . 
  i really love samaris and \u00c1sgier , for example , and prefer their icelandic stuff even though i do n't really understand it . 
  who are the biggest ? 
  do they sing in icelandic ? 
  i imagine this would be a stumbling block for the global market , although it is changing . 
  i really love samaris and \u00c1sgier , for example , and prefer their icelandic stuff even though i do n't really understand it . 
  i think it would be awful for people to be european citizens in the same sense that they are german , french or italian . 
  it would also be a problem with visa rights across the world since someone living in germany can visit 158 countries visa-free but someone in croatia can visit 143 . 
  i 'd assume we 'd have to go with the weakest link which would mean some countries would lose visa rights . 
  then you 'd have another issue with schengen . 
  will irish citizens be able to become european ones with the same passport as someone in the schengen area ? 
  also , it would be quite pathetic for the eu to do that just to spite the uk ... and also pointless since the uk has one of the most powerful passports in the world ( joint 2nd after germany and sweden ) . 
  i 'm all for the eu but not total homogenisation . 
  also great . 
  i thought they would have been more successful that bj\u00f6rk but evidently not . 
  icelandic music is great . 
  will this even be an issue ? 
  many people go to australia to do this and they have strict immigration laws already . 
  i am pretty certain that the uk government , even if they go with a `` hard brexit '' will still allow required workers to come here . 
  people need to get over that brexit is going to mean completely closed borders . 
  the uk is too internationally involved for that . 
  we are not north korea . 
  takk . 
  then the european economy would collapse and russia would annex france . 
  eu nationals in the uk at the moment are going to be really handy bargaining chips for this . 
  i reckon that the uk will take the stance if give us x or we 'll send them back . 
  not that i necessarily think it 's a decent thing to do but i can imagine it happening . 
  american chocolate is usually horrible but reese is absolutely delicious . 
  technically , yes , but if it 's that easy who knows . 
  if any country attacked any country in nato the rest of nato will get involved anyway . 
  it 's what nato is for . 
  surprise , packaging manufacturers do n't want this . 
  why care about the environment when there 's money to be made ? 
  good on france . 
  i hope this spreads across the continent and then the rest of the world catch on . 
  well could many armies ? 
  if russia attacked the uk half of the world wouldhelp anyway , and we 're close to most european countries and the usa . 
  everyone wants to love in denmark . 
  sweet danish loving . 
  yeah baby . 
  what 's germany ? 
  i did n't know they had a bit of france and denmark . 
  i am . 
  eeek . 
  i 'm so danish . 
  homogenic is one of my favourite albums from bj\u00f6rk . 
  i 've noticed that . 
  it used to be really anti-russian but now it hates the uk . 
  who 'll be next ? 
  ... drunken football hooligans, 
  i think we need to have a better term for the apparent `` far right '' of europe . 
  they 're not really far right , they 're more like just a bit more right than the centre right parties .
