  england 's system is alright , but in some areas it has issues with class sizes , where parents ca n't get their kids in local schools . 
  some people blame immigration for this but that 's an easy excuse . 
  the issue is that more funding is needed for an increasing population . 
  one thing which is happening is that schools are becoming private academies in the hope to make them better , but all this is really doing is privatising education ( tory dreams ! ), 
  teachers have very little power to discipline unruly kids , so you often have classes with little shits making it worse for everyone , particularly in state run comprehensive schools and academies . 
  i 'm really happy the government extended compulsory education to 18 here . 
  in the past it was 16 so sometimes kids would just stop eduction then . 
  now they have to go on to college or a vocational course . 
  like in many other areas , grades come mainly from exams ( although not always now ) , which i always think are one of the worst ways of seeing how good someone is . 
  exams test memory not intelligence . 
  when i was at school we were pushed to go to uni . 
  that push is n't as great now because degrees in many areas are becoming increasingly pointless and often end up worthless . 
  edit : as pointed out , this only applies to england . 
  the other three countries have their own systems . 
  most of the supermarkets in my area tried it . 
  all that happened is milk in plastic bottles sold out quickly and no one bought the bagged stuff . 
  it lasted a few months . 
  that 's pretty much the same as in the uk . 
  i think it 's seen as a shady business here because , sadly , most prostitutes are vulnerable in one way or another , like drug addicts , alcoholics or even people who have been abused . 
  we also have escort services which are legal , and many of these are clearly just prostitutes who are using a loophole . 
  haha . 
  go away . 
  europe is a continent and not a country . 
  the uk is good at rugby and athletics ( came second in the olympics , for example ) . 
  i do n't know their names because i 'm rubbish . 
  in the us when kids knock on someone 's door and say `` trick or treat '' , in the uk kids used to sing an old song instead . 
  `` the sky is blue the grass is green have you got a penny for halloween if you have n't got a penny a ha ` penny will do if you have n't got a ha ` penny theny god bless you '' . 
  but this is disappearing and the american `` trick or treat '' is taking over . 
  i think paris makes it 's own rules . 
  i was walking through paris when i was last there and loads of people on scooters just decided to take a shortcut over the pavement when there was traffic . 
  i was going to comment on this . 
  when i was a kid we sang `` the sky is blue , the grass is green ... '' but now kids are lazy and just say `` trick or treat '' . 
  i 've always thought that was quite a sad thing to lose . 
  i do n't run but i cycle at least 12km a day and the only time i do n't is it 's its icy , because that 's dangerous . 
  i even cycle in the snow . 
  on a similar note i 've noticed that in some countries , germany , france and iceland are the ones i 've experienced it , when the green man comes on traffic still turns into the crossing and only stops if people are crossing . 
  is that normal ? 
  in the uk the green man means absolutely no traffic will ( or should n't ! ), 
  pass the crossing . 
  assuming i could learn the language properly , japan , tokyo . 
  i 've never heard it used seriously in a political discussion here . 
  there might be the odd throwaway comment accusing someone of being a nazi but it only really comes up in the uk when we are competing with germany over something - usually football - and then it 's more of a joke/dig rather than being serious . 
  just english fluently , because i live in the uk and like most of the anglosphere we 're shit at foreign languages . 
  i can speak a bit of german and would find it relatively easy to go to germany and get around , order food etc but germans ( at least in major cities ) speak really good english so i never need to use german there other than the initial introductions followed by `` sprechen sie englisch ? '' . 
  i find it much easier to read and speak germany myself but find if harder to understand spoken german . 
  yes , true . 
  it depends if you consider scotland a separate country or not , otherwise i do n't like near any borders except the sea . 
  even so , it 's still 100 miles/160km to the scottish border . 
  it was hotel leifur eiriksson , right opposite hallgrimskirkja . 
  it was a nice hotel ( no lift but only 4 floors ) , i 'd recommend it . 
  it 's in a great location , too . 
  i booked through icelandair as a package . 
  ireland is really similar to the uk . 
  when i was in dublin i just felt like i was in another british city , except they use euros , kilometres and anything in england that is `` english '' , like english tea or an english breakfast , is just the same but called `` irish ... '' . 
  it 's just gone too far backwards for me . 
  i have always wanted to go but it 's off my list now . 
  that 's odd . 
  i flew to iceland for 4 days with a hotel and excursions included and it cost me # 450 / $ 505 , which ileus a good deal . 
  peri peri salt for the win ... 
  any british prudes turn into sex freaks after a few drinks . 
  nandos is boring . 
  the most popular programmes in the uk are soaps throughout the year , but other shows top them seasonally . 
  the main one is the great british bake off , which is a really surprising hit in my opinion . 
  something like 12-15 million people watch it . 
  i do n't like it . 
  i 'm more pretentious and rarely watch tv ... 
  swimming is n't huge in the uk . 
  not many schools have a swimming pool . 
  my old school did but swimming was optional . 
  definitely in the uk , but there are also some very liberal old folks here . 
  sometimes they sound bigoted but they do n't mean to be . 
  my nanna , for example , would say `` coloured '' and `` paki '' , but she was n't racist . 
  those were just the terms used when she was a kid . 
  she was actually very open minded . 
  to be fair , the usa is the size of a continent so that is understandable . 
  they 're not . 
  some of them are beautiful . 
  well , perhaps places like blackpool and redcar are a bit miserable ... 
  fake drugs ? 
  traps ? 
  can you ask the italian embassy in your country ? 
  you 'd have to open your borders and i do n't think that would ever happen with australia . 
  your customs are also very tight ( understandably , to protect the biodiversity ) . 
  if those things were n't an issue i do n't see why , hypothetically , australia would n't be eligible to join . 
  i have found your [ next tattoo ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-sbdvgotqx3m/ugpx9axiwli/aaaaaaaaaay/pwta4yn3cau/s1600/i-love-berlin.jpg ), 
  i 'm not sure what houses you 've been in here but anything like that is probably from a shirty landlord and is n't common . 
  this even winds up brits . 
  we have no idea why developers keep on installing them . 
  the worst ones are separate hot and cold , press and hold taps . 
  how the hell do you wash both of your hands whilst pressing both of the taps ? 
  the resistance gets stronger the further north you get . 
  go to newcastle in december and girls go out in bikinis . 
  it depends on what level of friendship . 
  politically the uk and usa suck each other 's dicks , but culturally the uk has far more ties with australia and new zealand , our cultures are very similar and people from those countries would fit in the others with few problems ( except the seasons are the wrong way around ) . 
  we do have a friendly relationship with canada and i think it 's about to get stronger but it 's not up there with australia , new zealand and usa . 
  we also have a strong relationship with ireland and we are very similar to each other , often to the point where it feels like the same country . 
  i have some italian friends and when they come here they dress like they 're going to northern norway in winter . 
  i 've never walked through peckham at all . 
  drug dealers in clear sight of everyone in amsterdam . 
  they are n't even subtle .
