  probabky salt , vinegar , ground pepper and tomatoe ketchup . 
  pineapple smuggling is still a big issue here . 
  people end up getting killed because of how rare they are . 
  as messed up as it all is it does n't change anything in regards to americans coming to the uk . 
  there 's not suddenly a threat of american terrorism because some orange pensioner with a vagina neck rues their country . 
  she is amazing . 
  corrected , cheers . 
  i think the internet in general is dominated by men . 
  i 've been online since the mid 90s and it 's always been this way . 
  of course , there 's parts of the internet dominated by females but it 's obvious men are over-represented online . 
  i do n't even know the full first verse . 
  that does n't work here . 
  lots of people have them on their door/window but the postman and leaflet delivery people just ignore them . 
  we still get them in the uk , at least everywhere i have lived . 
  i put them straight into the recycling bin . 
  they 're pointless . 
  mini-catalogues of cheap tat that no one needs , loads and loads of takeaway leaflets ... they even still deliver phone books here . 
  it 's an absolute waste of paper and ink and , yes , it 's bad for the environment even if it is recycled . 
  i think the only ones that i can understand are local companies advertising . 
  we often get leaflets for things like local tradesmen , landscape gardeners etc and this is probably the only way they can advertise . 
  everything is online and for the few who have n't got access to the internet via a computer or phone , i am not sure they need all this pointless junk mail anyway . 
  there 's a handful of them in the uk ; sunderland , brighton , london , manchester , plymouth , edinburgh , southampton , birmingham and their hq at some picturesque manor house between london and brighton . 
  they offer things like free `` stress tests '' and then will tell you that you 're stressed and likely to be possessed by an alien , ask you about your deepest secrets and if you ever leave their organisation they will sell the story to the daily mail . 
  i mean , they obviously have something on john travolta and tom cruise . 
  it 's pretty hilarious that the founder of this made-up religion ( for want of a better word ) wrote science fiction novels and self-help books . 
  ^ please ^ note ^ i ^ am ^ an ^ anonymous ^ internet ^ being ^ and ^ all ^ of ^ the ^ above ^ may ^ not ^ be ^ factually ^ correct , ^ just ^ in ^ case ^ they ^ sue ^ me ... 
  absolutely . 
  free speech can still be hate speech and hate speech does n't belong here . 
  i hate it when people use the `` freedom of speech '' excuse to allow them to be racist bigots . 
  i am very pro-conservation . 
  i have never heard of anyone being anti-conservation . 
  we may get people agreeing with fracking or building houses in the countryside , but i do n't think there 's many passionately anti-environmentalists in the uk . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of europe , though ... some places are a lot better at this sort of stuff than the uk . 
  beards are really fashionable in the uk now . 
  the trimmed homeless look is everywhere ; the kind that makes 16 year old boys look 30 . 
  cool story , bro . 
  only in chinese all you can eat restaurants . 
  for some reason wanting equality for everyone is seen as being a `` pussy '' . 
  i almost always use my card . 
  i rarely carry cash . 
  even the cafe where i work accepts cards now ( i do n't work in a cafe , i mean the cafe where i eat ! ) . 
  my local taxi company accepts payments via its app , almost everywhere accepts contactless , and there 's just no need to cash . 
  i do , however , carry about # 5 with me just in case there 's a time i need loose change , which is almost never . 
  iceland . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  the scenery is amazing ; like being on another planet . 
  the towns and villages are really cute and the people have this strange welcoming appeal . 
  they 're not over the top friendly , but not grumpy ... just a nice , happy medium . 
  but mainly for the nature . 
  i have never been somewhere so cold and often baron but still thought it was beautiful . 
  i love how protective of the environment iceland are and how they use pretty much 100 % renewable energy . 
  the only downside of their environmental love is the smelly hot water !, 
  when i was there the smell took a while to get used to and could easily be mistaken for foist . 
  the fact that they shower in hot water pumped directly from the ground is amazing . 
  it 's a shame it 's becoming a tourist hot spot because a lot of the beauty is taken away by hoards of tourists gathering around , and touristy-things popping up like cafes in the middle of nowhere and shops that employ people who do n't speak icelandic . 
  i am also a big fan of icelandic music ; bj\u00f6rk , sigur r\u00f3s , \u00c1sgeir , samaris , gangly ( same singer as samaris ) . 
  also , i have just started watching a tv series called case on walter presents ( channel 4 ) , which has proven to be great so far ... 
  i 've never really invested any time in iceland media other than music . 
  the only criticism is that it needs more trees , but i think iceland knows this already . 
  our guide told us a * ~ ~ hilarious ~ ~ * `` dad joke '' ... how do you get out of an icelandic forest ? 
  stand up . 
  it 's been a life saver when i 've been out in newcastle . 
  2 cheese pasties at 3am is better than any dodgy takeaway . 
  when you have a president who is a billionaire with companies who have went bankrupt multiple times you know you 're a bit screwed . 
  it 's a top news story here in the uk . 
  you wo n't believe how delicious they are . 
  this is the problem . 
  the real , unbias , `` make up your own mind '' news does n't sell . 
  `` princess diana sleeps with a muslim and gives you cancer '' sells shit loads , as shit as that is . 
  i used to read the guardian but since the brexit vote i ca n't tolerate it 's doom and gloom . 
  nope . 
  pasties . 
  gregg 's at 3am is always a delicious end to the night . 
  newcastle does lovely pasties . 
  the daily heil is more appropriate . 
  they will print whatever causes the most controversy and hate , but at the same time publish stories about some beach babe and her hunk . 
  it 's a ridiculous newspaper but , unfortunately , one of the most read papers in the uk and one of the top 20 websites worldwide !, 
  the daily mail and the guardian . 
  hahahahahahahahahaaaa ... hahaha . . hahaha ... 
  with the exception of major centres like london , paris , frankfurt etc i do n't see the need for token skyscrapers . 
  i actually love skyscrapers in the right setting . 
  sometimes i think they completely spoil the area , like the [ beetham tower ] ( http://www.beethamtower.org/images/beetham-tower-photo.jpg ) in manchester . 
  there 's no other tall buildings in this area and it sticks out really badly in my opinion . 
  a lot of europe looks `` picturesque '' so when a big , ugly glass and metal building pops up it just looks silly . 
  i do n't like `` an eye for an eye '' tactics . 
  also , americans spend a lot of money in europe so it would be silly to put things in place that could reduce american tourism . 
  most americans are hardly a threat , despite their president being a compete idiot . 
  look into the boring stuff first ; can you get a visa to live and work in europe ? 
  it 's not as simple as finding a job and moving . 
  in the uk , for example , you either have to gain citizenship or be skilled in a job that 's on an [ `` in demand '' list ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/tier-2-shortage-occupation-list ) . 
  in the eu countries have to show that there is a shortage of people in the entire european union before opening up the jobs more internationally . 
  so essentially the order is locals  european union/eea citizens  international workers , so you 'll be at the back of the queue unless you somehow get sponsored ( or are rich and can look after yourself ) . 
  an alternative is to see if you qualify for citizenship somewhere in europe because of your heritage . 
  primark ( penney 's in ireland ) . 
  although it 's not branded , lots and lots of people wear this crappy quality stuff made lovingly with child labour . 
  yup , this makes perfect and logical sense . 
  i think there should be a law somewhere in between , where there has to be strong evidence to retrial someone . 
  capitalism would die without adverts . 
  i do n't know the law well enough but let 's say someone got off with murder and found not guilty as there was no evidence , then of new , conclusive evidence came to light to prove that person was guilty can they then be found guilty ? 
  we do n't need any far movement .
