  i never understood that . 
  in the uk , except for some kind of charity event , i have never had someone pack my bags for me . 
  the checkout assistant might lend a hand but it 's not common that there are dedicated baggers in the main supermarkets here . 
  we have a lot of self-service checkouts in the uk , too . 
  they 're in most major supermarkets and we even have them in local convenience shops now . 
  although aldi is popular here , people tend to shop at tesco , asda , morrisons , sainsbury 's , m&s and waitrose ( the last 2 being more `` up market ) . 
  aldi is very cut back and not the typical experience in the uk , but it 's becoming much more popular now since it 's often a lot cheaper . 
  i 've started shopping there now . 
  the uk pretty much has the same mcdonald 's as ireland , except an english/scottish/welsh egg is an irish one . 
  mainly the outskirts of london , known as the home counties . 
  there 's lots of rich people in london , of course . 
  there mainly suburbs where a lot of people commute to london from . 
  house prices there are some of the highest in the country ( and probably europe ? 
  [ a couple of weeks ago ] ( http://www.primaryhomeworkhelp.co.uk/romans/images/soldiers/army.jpg ), 
  let us have a referendum on this and we 'll get back to you . 
  i upvoted you because i felt sorry . 
  do you think it 's because there 's high levels of english fluency in the nordic region that you benefit more from the internet ? 
  i have probably seen more people from the nordic countries than i have france on this sub . 
  aye but i did n't want to sound pretentious , haha . 
  it 's probably dependent on what you 're used to . 
  i like european cinema and most of it is german or scandinavian so i guess i 'm more used to it . 
  i find that with romance languages it 's harder to find where one word stops and the other starts , whereas with germanic ones they 're often much more clear . 
  swedish is a lovely `` bouncy '' language where every word is clear ( or at least the swedish i have heard ! ), 
  majority is the wrong word , i guess . 
  i 've changed it . 
  because what 's good for france might not be good for slovakia , for example . 
  however , it seems that more people in the eu are [ in favour of it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/eu_members_where_more_people_in_favor_of_the_european_federation.png ) than are against it . 
  dark green = highest % of people polled in favour , light green = less . 
  apart from a few central countries , there seems to be a clear divide here . 
  you could almost draw a straight line . 
  i can understand written french to some degree ( because a lot of it is quite obvious for english speakers ) but it 's much harder to understand spoken french and i am rubbish at the pronunciation . 
  give me a germanic language any day !, 
  it 's ever since the banking collapse and eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull firmly put iceland on the international map . 
  i was in iceland last month and our tour guide believes the massive increase in tourism is because of eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull , since it drew a low of attention to the country , and it essentially helped iceland recover . 
  and then iceland go and beat england in the world cup ( which was hilarious - i am english but i hate the `` holier than thou '' attitude england players and fans have ) . 
  i do n't know anyone who has a negative opinion on iceland ( ignoring the weather ! ), 
  there 's not many traditions like that , nope . 
  it seems most family type events are in the winter here . 
  we do go see family in the summer , have barbecues , some people will visit family at easter etc but there 's nothing really traditional other than the long holidays kids get from school . 
  i 'd eat it at christmas , just so my family have to try to pronounce it . 
  it 's probably down to numbers . 
  there 's going to be more french and german people on here because there are more french and german people in europe . 
  i think the uk is over-represented but that 's probably given to reddit being primarily an english language website . 
  i also feel that the uk often gets a tough time on this sub and also / r/europe , especially following the brexit vote . 
  i have had to `` leave '' that sub because of all the brexit doom and gloom . 
  i voted to remain but it was boring me reading about brexit and then about how other countries think the uk is now suddenly the worse country in the world . 
  i am only fluent in english but i know quite a bit of german and because of that it 's often easy to see similarities in other germanic languages like swedish and dutch , so learning other languages from the same group is easier . 
  also several countries in europe have multiple official languages so it 's not uncommon for someone to speak both ( or more ) the national languages and english . 
  once you can grasp how to learn a language , learning others becomes easier . 
  in saying that , some people just have to learn other languages . 
  hardly anyone outside of places like sweden , netherlands and iceland speak their languages , which is why you find such high levels of language skills , particularly english , but because of history some nations will learn more than 1 extra language . 
  iceland learns ( or used to ? ), 
  danish and english , some people in finland learn swedish and english at school , and i assume people in switzerland learn at least french and german . 
  in the uk , like the us it seems , foreign languages are not as prioritised because we 're lucky ( are we ? ), 
  that english is the global bridge language . 
  we also have that , only usually it 's sliced bread . 
  depending on where you live it will be called a chip butty , chip sarnie , chip sandwich etc. 
  yes they 're a problem but , in the uk at least , we have the option to opt out of all forms of marketing ( phone , email , sms , post , carrying pigeon ) . 
  we also have a service called the telephone preference service ( tps ) where we can register our number so companies ca n't cold call us . 
  a company you are not a customer of is not allowed to call you to sell you something . 
  the only thing these ca n't stop are foreign calls , so we may often get people from outside the uk calling to sell us something but they are extremely unpopular and people will probably just hang up on them . 
  the north east . 
  i have no idea where the name comes from . 
  in the uk we get a vile thing called a [ london pizza ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/o6wruw1gjtu/maxresdefault.jpg ) which is just chips ( large fries ) on top of a pizza and often covered in garlic sauce . 
  many places put the cheese on top of the chips and cook it that way . 
  that picture is a little extreme , there 's normally not that many chips on it . 
  so would these people change their local currency to euros ? 
  does that mean the eurozone is at a small deficit with stocks of former montenegrin and kosovan currencies ? 
  did the banks just switch the former currencies to euro ? 
  where do they get the euros from if they ca n't print them ? 
  i assume they get them from eurozone nations but how did it all begin ? 
  like in other countries , in the uk they are mainly for holidays . 
  in most places it 's not legal to live on a caravan site for more than 10 months in a year . 
  there are places where you can live permanently but they 're not that common . 
  there 's churches in some cities , yes . 
  they often offer free `` stress '' tests which are , of course , tools to try and recruit . 
  it 's not a recognised religion and it 's not a charity here ( like other religions are ) , but it does n't pay tax because it 's not-for-profit ( apparently !, 
  the only official forms people will accept in the uk is a driving licence or passport . 
  driving licences are the most common form people carry because they fit in a wallet , but if someone does n't have one then they 'd need their passport . 
  some places will accept one of the various other forms like `` validate '' cards , but not everywhere accepts them ( probably because they 're not familiar with them ) and if you just want to prove you 're 18 it 's better to get a provisional driving licence which everywhere will accept . 
  i do n't know what places would accept from outside the country . 
  they 'd definitely accept a passport and probably an eu driving licence but i am not sure about other ones . 
  we do n't officially need any documents to travel within the uk , ireland and crown dependencies but some airlines insist on it . 
  it 's a kind of mini-schengen . 
  they are all over in the uk . 
  in some towns and cities it 's bad . 
  in my hometown - middlesbrough , england - they 're scum . 
  there 's one man who carries a piece of paper with train times on , saying he needs to get to the next town as his girlfriend is giving birth in hospital . 
  he has been using this `` trick '' for years now and people still give him money and he is clearly on drugs or alcohol . 
  i was in manchester a few weeks ago and i seen about 10 in a day . 
  i was approached by a gypsy ( sorry , not sure what else i could describe her as ! ), 
  in manchester once and she forced a flower in my hand then asked me for money for it . 
  strangely , i have never seen one in london but that might be because it 's always too busy for me to notice . 
  there 's often posters up in town centres advising people not to give money to beggars . 
  it 's because we are sometimes referred to as northern and sometimes as western . 
  the united nations puts the uk in northern europe . 
  because we 're cold in the north . 
  cold physically and mentally . 
  freezing in some parts . 
  much more reasonable than england .
