  we wo n't be seeing the resurrection of nazism . 
  it 's because you 're not allowed to say anything that even remotely questions the eu on r/europe . 
  i wanted to stay in the eu but even i 'm bored of the constant down votes for anything anti-eu . 
  edit : but probably because the uk still does have a say ? 
  haha . 
  i 've never understood the fuss about being the first to get hold of an expensive phone which will be cheaper in a few months . 
  maybe i 'm danish at heart ? 
  the problem is people do n't see it this way . 
  they will blame the eu and open borders . 
  it was one of the main factors in the leave campaign for the uk . 
  it 's rubbish media reporting and politicians spouting lies but it 's clearly working . 
  in the uk , at least , people see angela merkel as some kind of eu queen so when she agreed to have a million refugees it rang alarm bells with people . 
  i wonder why the uk is relatively high compared to other large economies ( with a couple of exceptions ) ? 
  perhaps it 's because people get credit far too easily and struggle to pay this back . 
  the uk is low and it 's justified . 
  some roads here are terrible , particularly local authority ones . 
  they never spend money doing them up and if they do it 's rush jobs before the new financial year so they can balance the books . 
  this is the problem with a union like the eu . 
  when part of that union do n't want to follow some of the rules cracks start appearing ( hence brexit ) . 
  angela merkel is partly to blame for the divided in europe when then `` flood gates '' were opened for hundreds of thousands of refugees were allowed in with open arms . 
  now , i do n't necessarily disagree with any she done but much of europe clearly does . 
  too much has gone on , mainly linked to islamic terrorism and floods of migrants , and people are going to blame the eu . 
  i 'm curious that if a new eu law is passed does the uk have to sign up for it , considering it had no say and is going to leave ? 
  i bet people get bored after using it for a few days . 
  i have a smart tv that you can control with your voice and it 's totally pointless . 
  it 's quicker and easier to use the remote or cast from a mobile , and people also do n't think you 're wired taking to the tv . 
  most hotels i have been to in europe have this . 
  older or smaller ones often do n't but they 're very common . 
  i think they 're a great thing to cut down on energy use . 
  they 're also used as a tracker to check that you 're in the hotel room so the government know where you are . 
  the last bit may be a lie . 
  they 're also thousands of miles away , unlike most of europe . 
  i am not sure someone searching for dutch language wants to buy a danish language course ... 
  yes it 's an ad but you 'd think a company that sells language courses would get it right . 
  he should never have offered the referendum in the first place but he was quite sure we 'd vote to stay . 
  he genuinely put the country at risk to win a few votes from ukip . 
  i guess he did n't plan on the rising nationalism , further instilled by the terrorist attacks in europe and the fear mongering from the right wing rags telling everyone how evil those pesky eastern europeans were , coming here and taking our jobs , coming here taking our benefits ... no , our jobs , no , our benefits ... argh !, 
  til theres a mediterranean countries summit . 
  it 's an odd one . 
  yes , france partly borders the med but is much of france really mediterranean ? 
  i mean paris is as mediterranean as london . 
  houses or mile after mile of concrete flats ? 
  well we have n't left yet so we do n't know if there 's going to be a recession . 
  i agree that both sides exaggerated a lot but the leave one were viscous with it . 
  nigel farage became a poster boy for the leave side . 
  that 's awful . 
  is the result not enough proof ? 
  clearly brexiters were the one who were confused since they listened to these people . 
  i live in teesside and it is full of bigots and racists . 
  i 'd say most of the votes were because of immigration . 
  i ca n't count the amount of times i 've heard people think that it will somehow stop immigration from asia and those pesky muslims . 
  the area is a dump and there 's little investment . 
  people feel hard done by and need someone to blame . 
  lots of people here are really stupid as well . 
  the funny thing is that leaving the eu will mean the tories have the say in where the money goes and if people on teesside believe they 're going to get more then they 're being silly . 
  there 's no other word . 
  and for anyone trying to justify it , shut up ( although no one had yet !, 
  actually that one is also a legit one . 
  the only sensible ones come from denmark , finland and sweden . 
  i can understand why people outside of the uk would ask those questions . 
  the rest are funny ... except you netherlands , i used to like you !, 
  i have a very convincing german sounding voice , it seems . 
  i try to speak in german when in germany and always get a response in german . 
  unfortunately i am rubbish at understanding it and end up asking if they speak english anyway . 
  i always get a little bit self conscious when i go to a non-english speaking country because i feel really rude speaking english . 
  but , i have never been to a country where people do n't speak english , even if only a little . 
  irish is all over ireland , too . 
  go to dublin , for example , and road signs are in irish and english , but then everything else ( shop prices , menus , advertisements etc ) are in english . 
  it is . 
  it 's happening all the time . 
  i 'm totally bored if blaming ( the not yet happened ) brexit and i voted bremain . 
  have n't the tories wanted to do this all along , despite brexit ? 
  is n't this the idea of most of their publications . 
  they do n't mean to offend . 
  it 's kind of tongue-in-cheek . 
  does n't the nhs already sanction obese people for certain operations anyway ? 
  i believe they require people to lose weight before they 'd be considered . 
  i think this is a good thing for certain procedures . 
  why should someone get treatment when they show no signs that they plan to improve their health ? 
  they already sanction conditions like varicose vein treatment and force people to pay thousands to get them treated , or live with the pain . 
  the nhs should n't have to sanction anything but unfortunately we have a government who do n't believe in a public health service and clearly want to flog it . 
  this is exactly what they are doing . 
  when they see stats about failing a&e departments and trusts with large deficits it 's music to their ears . 
  people always suggest that reading somehow signifies intelligence , but when you have the likes of 50 shades of grey being one of the fastest selling books of all time i beg to differ . 
  i read now and again but modern life has put that to the back of the queue . 
  i prefer to read stuff online and learn new things these days . 
  is n't the agreement on place until 2050 or something anyway ? 
  i read that in reddit once but not sure if it 's accuracy . 
  spitting dummies , and all that ... 
  you 're forgetting abba and ikea . 
  the eu themselves posted something similar on their facebook account . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the eu had over 2,000 participants in the games and is made up of 28 countries . 
  it 's ridiculous to lump them all together as if they were one nation . 
  i 've said it a few times , but people keep trying to adjust the medal table to take the shine away from the usa and uk . 
  no he ca n't do that . 
  it 's discrimination . 
  he had no reason not to serve them other than his own racism . 
  is n't that essentially one and the same ? 
  just a phrase to suggest they are going to sell the healthcare system off .
