  it would also take away some of the ( relative ) neutrality some eu countries have . 
  if europe started to become even more homogenised then i see that as a bad thing . 
  i think it should remain diverse and the eu should focus on common high level issues affecting economies , politics and law ( to a degree ) . 
  it already forces many things to fall into a `` one size fits all '' category so it needs to rein that in a little and give members more freedom . 
  a joint military force is also a bad idea because european countries have different interests globally where their military is concerned . 
  the only way i 'd support it would be if it was simply a defensive military . 
  i would n't want swedes to get caught up in the interests of the french military , for example . 
  the bigger countries would be over-represented . 
  i think the unity of europe is going to be reliant on whether or not the uk does well outside of the eu . 
  if it does well - i want it to because i live here but i 'd still rather be part of the eu - then it could see the beginning of the end . 
  if it fails then it might strengthen unity across the rest of the eu . 
  the uk has always been eurosceptic . 
  there were opt-outs for the uk within the eu , we never signed up for schengen , we would never accept the euro and support for the eu was never overwhelmingly positive in recent years ( although it was still in favour of it ) . 
  we have always had a strong history of immigration , but when some eastern european countries joined the eu we saw immigration in numbers we have never seen before . 
  i have no issue with it but in some areas - mainly the ones who voted out by the looks of it - we hear stories about schools , doctors , hospitals etc `` bursting at the seams '' and people naturally blamed increased immigration . 
  you need to remember that the governments official stance was to remain a member and almost right up to the referendum everything pointed towards the uk staying a member . 
  you will get bigots anywhere . 
  the referendum results just gave them a catalyst to react because they thought the rest of the country believed what they did . 
  interestingly , when a referendum to remain in the eu ( ec at the time ) was done in the 70s , england heavily voted in favour of it , with the the scottish national party not wanting to stay and scotland and northern ireland only just voting in favour ( england 68 % , scotland 58 % , n.i 52 % and wales 64 % ) . 
  it 's strange how times change and that attitude has completely flipped around . 
   but he was convinced he was n't being unrealistic . 
  that is just it . 
  there 's often lack of realism . 
  my college told me i 'll be able to get an amazing job as a video editor ... they did n't tell me anything about that industry being extremely hard to get into unless you had connections to it already , lived in london and accepted you would need to work for free for years . 
  they are being pushed more but the uk still has a shortage of graduates in stem and specialised subjects to the point where these jobs are on a shortage list for international applicants . 
  if i could turn back time i would almost definitely have taken a stem subject but when you 're 16/17 and applying for uni you do n't think like that . 
  i think schools and colleges should be realistic . 
  if someone has a passion for the subject then that 's fine ( albeit an expensive hobby ! ), 
  but colleges need to lay out career prospects . 
  i think we 'll see a decline in some degrees because of cost and the government have pulled funding from quite a large chunk of healthcare ones ( nursing , radiography etc ) . 
  we do n't really have the idea of `` majors '' in the uk since students tend to study only one subject ( although there are exceptions ) . 
  when i went to uni ( 2002 ) there was a huge push to get at least 50 % of college ( high school equivalent ) students to go to uni . 
  consequently there was a lot of take up for media , arts , english etc. 
  we now have a shortage of things like engineers , it specialists , physics/chemistry/maths teachers etc , and too many people with degrees which are pretty much worthless ... hello call centres . 
  it is slowly changing but we still have less people taking stem degrees . 
  i want to shake 18 year olds and tell them their art degree will be pointless but i have n't got enough hours in the day . 
  everyone speaks english ( by default because no one speaks dutch , apart from a few ex-colonies ) but it 's more expensive to live in amsterdam . 
  in countries where english is not the main language you will be restricted a lot . 
  even though many european countries - especially northern europe - speak english very well , you would still need to speak the local language to get a proper job ^ ^ ( although ^ ^ exceptions ^ ^ will , ^ ^ of ^ ^ course , ^ ^ exist ) . 
  to be fair , i have visited amsterdam and any asian restaurant i have been to ask if they can speak in english to you . 
  well , all 3 times ( so possibly not representative ) . 
  come one now , we do have the czech republic/czechia ( depending on how international you are ) . 
  i came here to say this as well . 
  german is not that difficult to learn if you speak english . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm old enough to remember when smoking was allowed indoors in the uk . 
  they sectioned off pubs , where half was for smokers and half non-smokers but , of course , the smoke just drifted everywhere . 
  i am so grateful for the smoking ban here because you can finally breathe in pubs and clubs !, 
  was there an issue in the netherlands with `` coffee shops '' and smoking indoors ? 
  is smoking banned indoors the netherlands ? 
  i remember hearing lots of brits getting annoyed that their $ 30 trips to amsterdam might mean they had to smoke outside . 
  microsoft , android , visa , kfc gravy , google , south park ... judge judy . 
  i 'd miss it loads . 
  who is trump ? 
  i have n't heared of him . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's different in northern ireland . 
  although citizens there are governed by the uk they can opt whether to be an irish citizen or a british one . 
  so essentially you could have people ( full communities in fact ) born and raised in northern ireland , still living in northern ireland and still being part of the eu even though the uk ( including northern ireland ) is n't i do n't know what will happen . 
  i predict that there will almost definitely not be a hard border since there 's too much history for that to happen , neither the uk or ireland are in schengen and we have the common travel area within these islands . 
  perhaps the common travel area will still allow free movement between the uk and ireland . 
  i live in england but i am really confused about what will happen to irish citizens living in northern ireland ( those who are from northern ireland but have taken irish citizenship , not irish people who have moved there ) . 
  will they still be members of the eu and have the same rights ( free movement etc ) since they live in the uk , whilst everyone who is british does n't ? 
  it seems like a mess to me . 
  i did n't know where you were from . 
  i did n't even look to be fair . 
  slovakia was just an example . 
  brits may want to buy german cars now but if the price goes up massively then they wo n't . 
  they 'd want to buy cars that they can afford and if they 're not german ones they 're going to be japanese , british or american . 
  this could be the same for all kinds of imports the uk gets from the eu . 
  the eu would probably not collapse . 
  there are a lot more benefits than just economic ones but if the uk did do well then some counties may become more eurosceptic . 
  i understand what you are saying , yes , but the eu is not one country . 
  you can argue that it has a central budget but it is still made up of ~ ~ 28 ~ ~ 27 individual economies . 
  the uk import a lot from germany ( second to france within the eu ) and hardly anything from slovakia . 
  would germany really allow , potentially , such a large cut in it 's export ? 
  the uk will likely have the freedom to get stuff from anywhere it makes a deal with once it leaves the eu but it would be unlikely that germany could find a replacement for exports it makes to the uk . 
  the uk could potentially get the stuff it gets from germany from somewhere else in the world ( japanese cars instead ? 
  - ^ although ^ i ^ know ^ nothing ^ about ^ how ^ good ^ or ^ bad ^ cars ^ are ! ), 
  this is where , by some degree , the uk has it 's best bargaining potential ( with eu economies it trades with the most ) . 
  maybe if the uk was tiny and irrelevant but it 's one of the main trading partners - both import and export - with a lot of the eu , especially the larger economies . 
  the uk is the second or third ( depending on currency values ) biggest economy in the eu . 
  if the eu hurts the uk then it will , by default , hurt itself . 
  so , of course , there needs to be mutually beneficial agreements . 
  everyone is thinking that the eu is almost going to sanction the uk like it does with russia but that just wo n't happen . 
  yes , knee-jerk reactions . 
  i am not going to pretend that it wo n't affect things but we really do not know . 
  it would be silly for banks not to have contingency plans in place so of course there will be talks of moving , with some places jumping the gun and just doing it anyway ^ ^ ( except ^ ^ jamie ^ ^ oliver , ^ ^ how ^ ^ be ^ ^ blames ^ ^ brexit ^ ^ i ^ ^ do ^ ^ not ^ ^ know ) . 
  please do n't call me ignorant . 
  i actually agree with much of what you say , but the the reality is that we simply do not know what is going to happen and when we are out of the eu - in time - we may well become a nation who trades like the usa or japan . 
  no member of the eu is going to say anything other than it 's a bad move to leave otherwise they 'd undermine the eu completely . 
  the uk might do well outside of the eu or it might not . 
  it may not be immediate - is anything ? 
  - but everyone is acting as if the eu is going to become a third world country and every international company will jump ship . 
  it may have some short term `` knee jerk '' reactions but until we 're actually out of the eu and have proper plans in place we just do n't know . 
  it will all be determined whether this `` passporting '' thing for ( mainly ) the finance sector gets sorted . 
  just to reiterate , i am pro-eu , i am just bored of all this doom-and-gloom . 
  the uk , on reddit at least , has became the new russia where everyone loves to hate it . 
   sorry but your last paragraph makes no sense from economic prespective , japan and usa cant be compared to usa . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , but what i am saying is that countries do not need a union to be successful ; it could be as simple as the uk and usa remove tariffs for trade .
