  people probably call them that already , maybe even not knowing the difference between czechia and chechnya !, 
  we just call them `` czech '' . 
  english is a confused language !, 
  the uk and usa are n't really comparable because they are acronyms for countries which are unions , and even then you 'll often hear people just say `` uk '' or `` britain '' or `` usa '' or `` america '' rather than `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  but i know what you 're saying , czechia does n't sound right in english , probably because it sounds a little like `` check ya '' . 
  and lets just say macedonia :-p, 
  i seen a map on r/europe a while ago where it was called czechia ( in germany , though ) . 
  the map was an old one but i ca n't remember when from . 
  maybe we should just go back to bohemia , even though that 's the same as calling the netherlands `` holland '' . 
  i think it 's trying to bring it in line with most other countries , where it 's just one word . 
  we do n't call france `` french republic '' or poland `` republic of poland '' outside of politics ( or most of the other republics in europe in fact - is czech republic the only one ? ), 
  i asked someone from iceland if they liked bj\u00f6rk . 
  i was being genuine because i love her , but the girl thought i was taking the piss . 
  i am darkness . 
  it 's going great . 
  [ this man ] ( http://cdn.facilityexecutive.com/wp-content/uploads/dirty-hands.jpg ) touched my soul . 
  but really , it 's mild , not even icy most days , just dark and boring . 
   crimea has been russian for longer than ukraine has been a country . 
  it was peacefully handed over to ukraine until russia broke that agreement . 
   meanwhile go invade iraq or something , those brown people sure are in need of some nice european intervention . 
  irrelevant . 
  no one is comparing . 
  oh yes , definitely . 
  are you suggesting turkey should become more strictly islamic , though ? 
  you could say the same another other eurasian transcontinental countries . 
  these countries might not be aligned with western europe much , but they 'll share more in common the further east you go . 
  i just hate the idea of hereditary power , and in some cases wealth . 
  i appreciate that the british royals * use * less power than they once did but it 's a very outdated concept that someone is born into that kind of privilege . 
  unfortunately it seems like my opinion is not in the majority in the uk since people still like them . 
  i am not against people being born into wealthy families , though ... 
  i 'm just jealous !, 
   it 's own territory come again ? 
  i 'd consider it a transitional nation . 
  things do n't need to be so black and white . 
  i have n't been to turkey but i get the impression that istanbul is the most cosmopolitan and most european like city , whereas cities further east have more in common with the middle east . 
  i think the writing reform helped it look and feel more european . 
  it is a member of the council of europe and also the european customs zone . 
  it also - depending on who is in power !, 
  - wants to join the eu . 
  economically it seems more european than asian , but culturally it 's a bit of a mix . 
  if i had to be pushed i 'd say it 's more european than asian . 
  ireland has quite a different culture to the ukraine , for example , but they 're both european . 
  europe has a diverse range of cultures . 
  that 's an awful attitude ( in my opinion anyway ) . 
  i guess this is the fundamental difference . 
  in much of europe we have no issues with poorer people or disadvantaged people getting a basic level of healthcare . 
  you will obviously find people like yourself who thinks everyone should pay their way regardless , but on a whole everyone has access the same standard of healthcare ( and people can pay for alternatives if they wish ) . 
  the right to health is a basic human right along with housing , food etc. 
  we care more about society as a whole than individuals making it for themselves , although some governments would like to change that . 
  i meant next , sorry . 
  edited . 
  most people i know have a samsung with iphone being the next most popular . 
  i feel sorry for people who live in ireland and always get called `` british '' . 
  i was on a trip in iceland and a newzealander ( kiwi ? ), 
  was talking about his trip to the dublin in the uk ... the irish girl was not happy . 
  the uk is pretty much synonymous with england in some parts of the world , and by england they mean london and pretty villages . 
  british and irish people also need a passport to enter schengen , so it works both ways . 
  wales to waland . 
  it 's so lonely without the - land suffix like the rest of the uk has . 
  i never knew that but when you say the names together it makes sense . 
   \u00c6thelred i can imagine brits seeing this and going `` what the hell ? '', 
  and thinking it 's foreign . 
  yeah , geoffrey translates to gottfried . 
  douglas is a scottish one , so likely celtic as well . 
  maybe england just raped the world and stole names as it done so . 
  french is harder for people who speak germanic languages but easier for people who speak romance ones as they are similar , but french is a relatively easy language to learn . 
  for me i just struggle with the pronunciation so i never bothered to learn it . 
  oh , yeah , it 's clearly not enforced properly ( mentioned that in an earlier post ) but surely it will have implications if you ca n't support yourself any longer , like access to welfare if you 're not a resident ? 
  i ca n't think of any off the top of my head that do n't have other language alternatives . 
  english names are often derived from other languages anyway , but there must be some uniquely english ones ? 
  [ you still need a job after 90 days ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/move-live/index_en.htm ) , though . 
  i am not sure what the rules are if you can support yourself without a job . 
  i assume you have to prove this to the country you are moving to . 
  edit : not just a job , it could be for study etc. 
  all this means is that a passport is required to enter the uk and ireland . 
  it does n't prevent free movement . 
  you actually need to get a job or show you can support yourself/someone supporting you within 90 days of moving to another eu country , although this does n't really seem to be enforced properly . 
  [ this page ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/move-live/index_en.htm ) has a breakdown . 
  i imagine some of the common celtic names in the uk and ireland are not used much elsewhere , perhaps excluding other english speaking nations ? 
  things like aled , siobhan ( shiv-awn ) , niamh ( neve ) etc. 
  like the us there is n't a lot of emphasis on learning a foreign language in the education system here . 
  we do learn one , usually french , german or spanish , but very few progress on to being fluent in them . 
  we could probably tell you what our mother does for a living and what our favourite animal is but not hold a full conversation . 
  i read that only a quarter of brits were fluent enough to hold a basic conversation in a foreign language . 
  when i went to school we had 1 hour a week of language lessons which is nowhere near enough . 
  i continued to keep up with german after school and i do to some extent now ( thanks to youtube ! ), 
  but i am nowhere near fluent . 
  the reason being is the usa . 
  thanks to their influence the world already speaks english to anglophones do n't need to learn other languages . 
  it 's a sad truth . 
  i watched [ this youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xvkrh7mee0 ) about romanian last night . 
  it 's definitely a romance language but has a lot of influence from it 's neighbours . 
  i 'd get a scouse man in a tracksuit and a perm to go there and shout `` calm down , calm down '' and give them all a cup of tea . 
  pretty much just the same as the usa and probably other anglophone countries , where he is supposed to come down the chimney at night and deliver presents ready for christmas day . 
  he is dressed like the common , commercialised version in red and white . 
  he usually goes by santa , santa claus or less commonly father christmas . 
  most people open their presents on christmas day , but some will open one or two on the 24th . 
  in recent years this has became more popular ; this year i have seen loads of `` christmas eve boxes '' for kids , which i have never heard of before . 
  on christmas day we will have a traditional christmas dinner , usually with turkey ( or other meat ) and people will probably have alcohol . 
  then uncle knobhead falls asleep at 5pm after drinking too much and telling you he has a black belt in origami .
