  was it popular in germany ? 
  other mentions would be goodbye lenin and dad experiment . 
  i generally love european cinema , though . 
  pan 's labyrinth is one of the best films ever made . 
  we 'd probably use `` backseat driver '' as well , even outside of commenting on driving . 
  when i typed my collect it was in the negative figures , and other uk ones has 0 . 
  it seems people are down voting anything from the uk ? 
  hmm . 
  credit card swipe down their bum hole . 
  really old houses do but new ones very rarely do . 
  that 's all there is to say really ... 
  to be fair , pastry and bread are made from wheat which itself is a cereal . 
  so , people eating pastries and bread for breakfast are essentially eating cereal just in a different form . 
  just being a pedant ... 
  you guys in the nordics really love your coffee !, 
  i guess a lot of the world does . 
  i 'm just too british and love my tea too much . 
  haha . 
  we need to learn from germany and understand we need none of this !, 
  the uk is a mix . 
  some eat cereal , some eat toast , some have a full english ( but i do n't know a single person who makes their own full english ) . 
  haha . 
  same here . 
  it 's an auto pilot response because we know we really do n't care how someone is . 
  i 'm tongue tied here ... 
  that 's normal for italy , although i do n't know what the taxes are . 
  they should n't hold it for long , though . 
  they usually just need to take a record of it . 
  he might just be a night watch receptionist and more of a security guard so ca n't do all the administrative work . 
  edit : yup , max tax is $ 7 for 5 * http://www.turismoroma.it/news/contributo-di-soggiorno?lang=en maybe the hotel are asking for the duration of the stay ? 
  but even so 3 * is only $ 4 . 
  london will be ideal for that budget . 
  you will be able to afford a city centre apartment for a few months and maybe even have change for a mcdonalds . 
  the ones i have met definitely do . 
  i do n't necessarily think it 's a bad thing , i just think it 's a bit of a clash of cultures . 
  we are much more reserved in europe ( not everyone , though ... look at drunken brits abroad ! ), 
  and we 're not used to such over-the-top friendliness just for the sake of it . 
  someone once asked me `` hi , hows your day been ? '' . 
  i did n't know what to say because only people i know properly would ask that . 
  in the uk we just do the polite nosense ; `` hi , how are you '' , `` good thanks , you ? 
  '' , `` good '' ... then get on with it . 
  of course , it goes without saying , not every american tourist is like that . 
  the loud ones just stand out . 
  when they mess up the country our government hands money to the rich to keep them rich but then everyone else has to `` be in it together '' and suffer this austerity bollocks . 
  tax is an absolute scam when you have rubbish governments . 
  my dad fell for that scam back in the 90s . 
  we had a lovely tv until we tried to turn it on and realised it was a dud and some of the inside was missing !, 
  it 's crazy how people will buy crap off the streets when new stuff is really cheap now . 
  i was on a plane with an american last year and she moved to durham from essex . 
  she said she had too many problems understanding people from essex that it made her job difficult . 
  she said she hardly has any problems in durham unless it 's a really broad accent . 
  also if the public are against something it does n't necessarily mean the government wo n't do it . 
  i 'd pick the same except i 'd choose manchester over newcastle or glasgow . 
  they 're great cities but i think manchester has more to offer . 
  1984 , the lord of the flies and a midsummer night 's dream . 
  hopefully no one mixes the two together !, 
  do people drink-cycle anywhere ? 
  i cycle a lot and i have done it a few times and it 's pretty scary when you have less control , especially at night . 
  i wo n't do it any more , i promise lizzie !, 
  the north east of america seems the most european part of the country , whereas other areas ( specifically the south , perhaps ignoring some of california ) seem stereotypically american . 
  realistically , canada or new zealand . 
  if language was n't a barrier then north korea . 
  it 's the same south of the border . 
  the uk is full of binge drinkers but we just all know that drink driving is a dick move . 
  it 's probably because the consequences , such as being banned or put in prison , are enough to deter people . 
  i believe scotland has lower limits than the rest of the uk , too . 
  sms is really outdated and restricted . 
  things like whatsapp and messenger are much better . 
  i 'm the uk it 's much more common to get bundles with x amount of minutes and texts , with texts often being unlimited anyway . 
  the only time i text is people i do n't really talk to properly , like my landlord or my boss . 
  whatsapp is also much better for group conversations . 
  north east uk here ... our trains are from the 70s and go about 15mph . 
  we do have some high-ish speed rail serving a few towns on the way to scotland but even the planned high speed network from london misses this region out . 
  it 's annoying since the train was invented in this region and it probably has the some of the worst service in the country now !, 
  it depends where you go in the uk . 
  generally people are reserved ( until drunk ! ), 
  but polite and some people would start chatting to you on a train or something , but it 's not that common . 
  we like to get our phones our and pretend we 're doing something interesting than talk to a stranger . 
  i was in london this weekend and people on the tube do n't talk to you but i think that 's partly because it 's hard to know who is a tourist or not since it 's such an international city , but even on morning commutes people keep themselves to themselves . 
  i 've noticed that wherever i have been . 
  we do that pointless `` hi , how are you ? 
  i 'm fine thanks '' small talk bollocks but no one really cares how a stranger is doing . 
  but then we just binge drink and make our best friends that way !, 
  possibly more autonomy but not independence . 
  i was n't being wholly serious with that bit ( the nordic countries tend to top polls on pretty much everything ! ), 
  doubtful since iceland gained independence from denmark it would be going backwards if it were to once again be ruled by another country . 
  the nordic countries are close enough to have their special union which most of europe are jealous of , but not close enough to be one nation . 
  babel fish . 
  no one is saying europe is not to blame but , just because the uk is heavily involved in the middle east does n't mean sweden or spain have the same responsibility . 
  europe is , after all , a continent and not a country . 
  do n't take reddit opinion as the general feeling across europe . 
  if that was the case europe would be one country and angela merkel will be queen of the eu . 
  it 's not just about us created groups . 
  the usa , amongst other nations , invade countries in the middle east and that increases the animosity towards the west hence we see off-shoots of terrorist organisations . 
  the middle east is a mess partly because of foreign intervention . 
  as for the ukraine , i have no idea what you 're referring to . 
  i never knew america got the blame ? 
  indeed . 
  you 'll find a lot on reddit but probably not in the general population . 
  even those who are very pro-eu would probably not want to , essentially , become one country .
