  britain would be great again if the government started putting more focus on it 's people rather than business and it 's reputation . 
  i 'm not a strong socialist or anything but over the past few decades the `` people of britain '' are being overlooked . 
  it 's why brexit happened . 
  more focus is put on wwii than wwi in the uk , likely because it was more recent and seemingly more relevant . 
  if you ask most kids about `` the war '' they 'd instantly think about wwii , hitler etc. 
  both wars are treated seriously and with respect by the government . 
  i find the uk has lots and lots of divides . 
  rural and city , class ( eugh !, 
  ) , ethnicity and religious , north and south , country ( england , scotland and northern ireland mainly , wales often tags along with england ) ... there 's even divides on what football team people support , though this is less common now . 
  it was probably a bit of a sore topic for the government to include in the national curriculum to teach in schools . 
  i 've never seen one outside of a school , and even in schools they 're a bit old fashioned now . 
  christine and the queens is great . 
  she is popular in the uk , too . 
  ooh . 
  haha !, 
  it 's true . 
  brits even drink at the airport at 4am waiting for their flight . 
  i was in germany and a cheery man said `` wunderbar '' when i pressed the lift button . 
  he then started asking me questions in german but i could n't understand him properly and my broken german replies probably confused him more . 
  i did n't expect that in germany because it 's usually just awkward silence . 
  i also always thought that `` wunderbar '' was a bit of a myth and no one really said it in everyday speech . 
  i 'm in the uk so there 's way too many to list . 
  when i was in germany last summer my friend and i got sunburnt . 
  a german waiter did n't know we could speak german so laughed with his colleagues how english people are always red in the sun ... ha !, 
  definitely not posh . 
  you always find a drunken brit when you go abroad . 
  i found one in the middle of nowhere in iceland . 
  my views are all around his behaviour . 
  i genuinely believe that because he was forced into fame as a child that he was trying to relive his childhood when he was older , which explains his odd behaviour . 
  his music has always been big in the uk but his later stuff was n't as popular , like elsewhere it seems . 
  yes because they 're usually drunk in the middle of the day and causing a scene . 
  the only thing that instantly says `` eu '' to me is the european flag , but that 's quite obvious . 
  it 's where subo gets her beauty from . 
  cheeky nandos , mate . 
  iceland , particularly the south coast . 
  it 's like being on another planet . 
  although people may not admit it , ireland is extremely similar to the uk , particularly dublin . 
  apart from orwell and darwin , i 'm really enjoying a series of books called rivers of london by ben aaronovitch . 
  i 'm not huge in literature but i 've stuck with this one . 
  orwell is a classic . 
  he is still relevant now . 
  i have no answer but i 'm watching this thread for the same answers ... ich liebe deutschland 83 und jordskott . 
  second fattest ( developed ) nation on the planet . 
  where ? 
  london wants to be taken by france so it can stay in the eu . 
  please do it and i 'll move to london !, 
  gibraltar does n't even exist . 
  it 's the bielefeld of the uk . 
  another vote for brexit here . 
  or fat people . 
  the british and irish isles is full of fat women . 
  i feel the same . 
  winter is sometimes magical and summer is sometimes a bag of shit when you need to take 2 showers a day because you stink . 
  but then you can also fall on ice in winter or get skin cancer in summer . 
  i 'm such an optimist ... 
  declare war on ireland and ask ireland to fight with us at the same time . 
  i think this happened already . 
  3 for a fiver . 
  get your livers ready lads !, 
  london is amazing but i agree , this area is pointless . 
  it 's no tomes square and it 's just way too full . 
  a lot of london is too busy but that sometimes makes it fun . 
  it has the best views but unfortunately the tower as an eyesore !, 
  yeah , it 's one of those places that are fine to visit if your nearby but there 's no point in making a huge effort . 
  i expect people who practice paganism would think differently , of course . 
  one of the most overrated pieces of popular art in my opinion . 
  [ l.h.o.o.q ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/9e/dc/05/9edc0562d896244d7853ea561d795abc.jpg ) is better . 
  good idea . 
  my nephew loves watching kids shows on his mum 's phone so i 'll give him this , as long as the apps work !, 
  an ipad . 
  there is absolutely no point in one when you have a mobile phone and a laptop . 
  i 've used it about 5 times in total . 
  i 'd sell it but it 's an original one so i 'd get about # 3 since it has absolutely no use to anyone any more . 
  i just use it as storage for my music in case my computer dies . 
  it 's such a disappointment and most of the time you ca n't even get close . 
  i think you can get some special access ticket for `` out of hours '' viewing but considering a standard ticket is nearly # 15 i imagine it 's a lot more . 
  i throw 1isk coins instead . 
  that 's $ 0.0090 . 
  it 's the only use for a 1isk coin . 
  no idea . 
  no one wants to live there , even scummy people think it 's scummy . 
  it also floods when the river bursts it 's banks . 
  i do n't know how much it actually sold for but a neighbouring town had a house for # 750 ( $ 940 ) . 
  [ it 's not very nice ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2211319/is-britains-cheapest-house-middlesbrough-home-sell-just-750-street-available-1000.html ) and this area is full of crime , hardly anyone there works , it 's quite isolated because it 's on a side of the river with no bridges ( except a [ moving one ] ( https://the-transporter-bridge.wikispaces.com/file/view/tees.jpg/374565894/720x360/tees.jpg ) which only goes across a few times a day ) , transport is terrible and the area often floods ... so bargain to anyone who buys it !, 
  the average house price in my area is # 125,857 for a semi , which is around # 75,000 lower than the average uk price . 
  there 's quite a lot of old , cheap housing and the area is shit so prices are lower . 
  oh , i missed that one . 
  there 's a few of those around the country now . 
  it 's also the norm here in the uk . 
  very few people drive automatics . 
  amsterdam and prague . 
  they 're big enough to enjoy 3 days but small enough not to need longer . 
  apart from harrods , liberty and fortnum & mason , the rest can be found elsewhere in the uk . 
  selfridges is only in london , manchester and birmingham , though . 
  for chain music shops we pretty much only have hmv ( including fopp ) these days , which went bust then some shops saved . 
  there are others but they do n't have a large presence . 
  i often go to a shop to browse then go home and order it online cheaper . 
  a lot of retailers are struggling because of the internet , particularly music , film and book shops . 
  we just love to be ~ ~ difficult ~ ~ different . 
   for everyone who has also no clue about the imperial system the uk is so messed up with measurements .
