  they want a private one . 
  the tories hate anything that is nationalised . 
  they hate anything that the government might have to look after . 
  there 's a huge push to get people to buy their homes because if `` shit hits the fan '' and you own your home then the government do n't look after you , whereas if you do n't own your home they will pay all , or most , of your rent . 
  if you are talking about brexit , then it 's not about that . 
  the tories are hell-bent on making the nhs look bad so they can spout their `` told you so '' nonsense and sell as much of it off as possible . 
  it has already started to happen . 
  this is / r/europe all over now . 
  at least it 's taking the hate away from russia for a while . 
  i voted remain but the anti-british sentiment on this sub is horrible . 
  we do really well in the olympics and it 's still seen as a negative , with people looking for excuses to why the uk done the best in europe . 
  to be fair , as much as i hate it , the uk voted to leave . 
  she is not just deciding of her own accord . 
  there 's so much uk hate on this sub . 
  the uk is the new us . 
  i feel kind of special . 
  everyone knew this was coming . 
  the nhs is very unorganised . 
  some trusts are still paper based !, 
  it 's 2016 and gps ( or whoever needs them ) have to request paper files . 
  however , the nhs needs more money , not less . 
  screw the tories . 
  the nhs is one of the best healthcare systems in the world and it 's going to be sold out to the highest bigger eventually . 
  it will never happen in the uk . 
  if it does i 'll eat a burka . 
  should n't balaclavas and even fancy dress masks be banned , then ? 
  and lower wages . 
  although people in london seem to have less disposable income they have so much more on offer . 
  absolutely . 
  brain drain is a big issue here . 
  london wages and it 's monopoly on many industries is a big factor . 
  i live in the north east and too many skilled people move away to larger cities like london and manchester . 
  why would they stay here for a lot less money and a lot less to offer ? 
  i have just called myself unskilled in a backhanded way there !, 
  i did move to manchester for 6 years but i missed my friends and family , so i have am excuse !, 
  i wonder what the graph would look like if it just showed graduates in actual graduate jobs . 
  there 's plenty of call centre jobs in the uk , for example , and graduates can walk into these ( and often do ) . 
  is this just the government just trying to save themselves by showing they do actually care about this islamic threat ? 
  it 's a stupid and humiliating law for a relatively free country like france . 
  so does this mean things like samsung s health which can track your cycling using gps or even google maps sat nav are breaking eu laws ? 
  this was bound to happen . 
  if it was a one off attack it would n't have such an impact but because there has been several in france people just wo n't take the risk . 
  the chance of being involved in a terrorist attack are tiny but people wo n't care about that . 
  trying to steal the usa 's glory , too . 
  there 's a lot of shameless anti-americanism when you guys do well in things like this . 
  people have tried to alter how the tables are reported , like the silly `` per capita '' thing . 
  ... awaiting downvotes . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's just a pointless measurement to somehow discredit the best performing nations , usually trying to knock the usa from the top ( there 's a lot of anti-american sentiment when they win something ) . 
  if people want to choose a different measure they should work out medal potential against actual medals won ( came from another redditor who posted a link but i have forgot which thread ) . 
  i thought scottish university was only free for scottish residents ? 
  unless your country is paying the fees ? 
  yes , that would make more sense . 
  but what has population got to do with how good a country is ? 
  the more competitors , the more chances there are of winning a medal . 
  of course , it 's easier to get more competitors when there 's a larger population . 
  why does america having 314 million people and coming top in the medal table mean their 555 competitors are somehow less great ? 
  china have 412 competitors so by the `` per capita '' logic china must be terrible . 
  the family have been a bit silly here . 
  as soon as people find out where it is they 're going to destroy it . 
  a lot of people are quoting this `` per capita '' thing but i do n't think it 's fair to base it on population of the country when talking about olympic medals . 
  i 'd be interested to see a table based on the ratio of medals to competitors from each country . 
  the usa has 555 competitors in 30 sports , whereas the uk has 366 in 25 sports . 
  blackpool has about 8 of the top 20 most deprived areas in england and it 's a shit hole . 
  it has no real future and it 's traditional tourist industry is a mess . 
  on the other hand brighton is quite prosperous and a good place to live . 
  it 's close to london , pay is good , and it attracts more liberal people . 
  they are chalk and cheese and obviously the vote reflected that . 
  what is sad is that poorer areas like blackpool benefit the most from eu funding . 
  if people think that the tories will plough money into labour strongholds in the north they are ` avin a laff . 
  do n't reuters provide the news to other outlets ? 
  they were a bit slow with this one . 
  the only thing people seem to be affected by is holiday prices/currency conversion . 
  i do n't know anyone who has been financially affected . 
  maybe that will come and maybe prices will go up . 
  the media are complete `` doom and gloom '' reporters in the uk with brexit . 
  you usually see the key words `` may '' , `` could '' , `` might '' and the likes in their articles . 
  people should protest by wearing burkinis whilst playing pokemon go . 
  does n't denmark ( and the other nordic counties ) almost always come close to the top of lists of the happiest people ? 
  surely this is the inky real factor we need to take into account ? 
  what 's the point in being rich if everyone is unhappy ? 
  all it is going to do is make the quality of life for low earners worse . 
  imagine losing your job at 65 and having to look for one for another 3 years ? 
  no one is going to employ you at that age . 
  people with decent pensions will be able to retire earlier ( i 'm not sure about the rest of europe but in the uk you can retire at 55 if you wish , but ca n't get a state pension until 65 + ) . 
  i appreciate why retirement ages are rising , as people are living longer and pension budgets are tight , but it 's going to cause a bigger class divide in later life . 
  brits have to work until 68 ( at least most of the current work force will ) . 
  69 is too old . 
  increasing the retirement age is an excuse to pay less pensions . 
  lots of things are web based now so unless you 're a gamer or need specific software like photoshop then the desktop pc is becoming obsolete at home . 
  if governments , councils and large organisations started to use linux more then developers will develop more for it . 
  [ lots ] ( http://www.tecmint.com/big-companies-and-devices-running-on-gnulinux ) of big-name companies do use linux , too . 
  what 's in all these buildings ? 
  are they actually occupied/will be occupied when complete ? 
  krak\u00f3w is becoming a popular place for brits to visit . 
  i do n't know why paris is getting so much stick . 
  i loved it when i was there and could spend another month exploring the place . 
  the only areas i found crap were around the eiffel tower because it 's quite run down ( or was when i was there - the grass was dust ) and the moulin rouge area . 
  amsterdam is only good , for a tourist , for a few days . 
  any longer and it 's boring ( unless you plan on getting stoned or sleeping with prostitutes all the time ) .
