  however , i do think we 've started to lag behind in recent years because music is turning `` short term '' where it 's even more about being an overnight success than ever before . 
  i 've also seen adverts in other countries like 9,95 $ . 
  is that format popular ? 
  in the uk i 'd wrote $ 9.95 . 
  i 'm a fan of tom scott and i 've never seen this one . 
  will have a look for it , cheers . 
  that 's odd !, 
  it 's interesting that in a lot of countries 1,234 is `` one point two , three , four '' but in the uk in means `` one thousand , two hundred and thirty four '' . 
  we only ever use a comma to separate large numbers . 
  in the uk things are usually written like this : prices in shops : # 1.99 large numbers : 10,000,000 decimal places : 1.236 quotation marks for quotes in text : quotation marks appear `` like this '' . 
  if you go to iceland just do n't eat and you 'll be fine financially . 
  yeah but whenever the union flag is used internationally people clearly think `` england '' straight away , just like when people think of england they are really thinking of london . 
  i 've unsubscribed from both r/europe and r/unitedkingdom because of all the brexit doom and gloom . 
  almost always debit card unless places do n't accept it . 
  even the busses in my area have started accepting contactless payments . 
  i rarely use cash and i 've never used mobile payments because it 's so much easier just using my card . 
  no on can afford to visit . 
  in the uk the public look to them extremely positively . 
  the government also do publicly . 
  the strange thing is that veterans are not always looked after . 
  i work for a company who have services for veterans who are struggling and not all of them are old . 
  it 's not a major part for the company but the government should be doing this !, 
  there 's even veterans who are homeless . 
  i have only been to sweden and iceland so i ca n't fairly choose but even if i could i would probably pick iceland . 
  i love that place . 
  i love the country , the people and the music . 
  i loved sweden but iceland was like going to another planet . 
  we have a lot of people who dress like harley quinn . 
  i hate `` th '' sounds . 
  * free * and * three * are the same word unless i really focus ( and i am british ! ), 
  i 'm british and i have problems saying squirrel . 
  it sounds almost like `` skwir-wuuh '', 
  the answer to your question is no . 
  $ 300 a month is crazy !, 
  it 's clearly worth getting married just for more money . 
  how silly in 201 ~ ~ 6 ~ ~ 7 !, 
  i can imagine it 's quite frustrating having to get married if you do n't really want to . 
  nearly half of marriages in the uk end up in divorce now , so the odds are not in people 's favour any more , but if you 're married and split up you have responsibilities that you would n't normally have . 
  in the uk it 's not as substantial . 
  it 's just over # 200 / $ 235 a year in savings , but one of the couple has to be earning less than # 11,000 / $ 13,000 so it probably applies to things like stay-at-home parents , people in part time work etc. 
  i think it 's just an attempt at being conservative to try and preserve some good , christian values . 
  it 's nonsense to me . 
  controversial . 
  deep fried whisky . 
  happy hunger games , and may the odds be ever in your favour . 
  there 's just too many people wanting to be in london . 
  on top of that the government do n't care that rich foreigners are `` storing '' their wealth in london property . 
  my friend pays # 800 for a house share in central london ; for a small bedroom in a shared house !, 
  that 's crazy money , but if people pay then it wo n't solve the problem . 
  it further reduces traditional christian western culture by percentage and even militates against it . 
  therefore speeding up the dissolution of ` christendom 's ' remnants , habits , traditions , political leanings etc. 
  odd coming from someone in germany , since it 's lead by the christian democratic union ( christlich demokratische union/cdu ) . 
  i 'm not sure why mrs merkel would want to dissolve the christian faith . 
  i agree ( not sure where you are from , though ? ) . 
  in the uk the laws are silly . 
  if you want to claim benefits and live with a partner you are not married to you have to claim as a couple like you were married , but you do n't get the tax benefits unless you are married . 
  a friend of mine recently lost her long term partner ( 20 + years ) . 
  they have a child together . 
  whilst together everything they could do had to be done as if they were married , but when he died she was told she ca n't have a widows pension because they were n't married . 
  there 's actually 14 new `` towns '' planned in england to be built in the countryside to try and ease this apparent crisis we have . 
  we call them garden cities , which are like satellite towns for commuters to live in . 
  we also do have kind of rent controlled properties here . 
  council and social landlord properties are rented out at 80 % of the market value ( 20 % cheaper ) but if the market value is high like in london then these properties will also be high . 
  it 's not just houses , it 's land . 
  the land is ridiculously expensive therefore so are houses . 
  even social rent ( ~ 20 % cheaper than market rent ) in london is outside of most people 's budget to the point where people are having to move out of london altogether . 
  they 'd probably have to quickly build hundreds of blocks of flats to even make a dent , but if property prices went down in london lots of people would be in negative equity which we also do n't want to happen . 
  also put up a wall between northern ireland and make northern ireland pay ? 
  northern places . 
  the main places in europe are iceland and norway but it 's better to go to the north of these countries for better views . 
  you can also see them in sweden and finland and most places within and bordering the arctic circle . 
  you can only see then in the winter which is often a problem because you ca n't see them in poor weather . 
  if you choose to go to one of the nordic countries , which are the best places to see them , avoid the capital cities as they 're quite far from where you see them properly and bright city lights also ruin them . 
  most schools will teach shakespeare so that 's the closest we get to older forms of english ( even though some of his words were made up at the time ! ) . 
  some places will teach old english ( e.g. 
  as part of a degree ) but it 's not a common subject . 
  latin is also taught in some schools and universities but it 's popularity is seemingly decreasing . 
  in my school ( 1995-2000 ) we could learn latin but it was optional and hardly anyone done it . 
  they 're not that popular in the uk . 
  although people do use then people generally use trains or drive . 
  sometimes planes are cheaper than trains but you have to get to the airport first , so will need to use public transport or drive there and then you have the same problem at the other end . 
  i do n't know for definite but i imagine smaller planes are more popular to get between islands , but we also have ferries . 
  planes are the best way to get between great britain and northern ireland , though . 
  i never make them but this year i have . 
  i 'm going to get fit . 
  i am relatively fit already but i 'm letting myself go and i hate it . 
  this includes a better diet . 
  perhaps this is average graduate salaries overall and not average starting salaries ? 
  is the average salary is almost $ 70,000 for a graduate in denmark then i think i should be learning danish !, 
  god is angela merkel . 
  and that very fact was a massive reason the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  i do n't agree with them , but the country is full of people who do not like immigration . 
  [ being an island is the reason we 're not part of schengen . 
  ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm199697/cmhansrd/vo961212/debtext/61212-13.htm ) , apparently ... 
  it was probably one of the main reasons a lot of people voted to leave the eu . 
  ignorant people in the uk witnessed hundreds of thousands of refugees enter germany and other eu states and thought that this would be the fate of the uk if we remained in the eu , and they believed the hype spread by parties like ukip . 
  it 's not the only reason , but i reckon it was a huge influence in the decision for many people after seeing that angela merkel was going to allow 1 million refugees into germany ( personally i think it was the right thing to do but many do n't feel that way ) . 
  yeah , but not in the sense the op was referring to ( in english language ) . 
  if someone is telling you that they have nothing to say they might say `` i know nothing '' , but that is not synonymous with `` i do n't know nothing '' . 
  of course , they 're very common to use in speech and media and we know what that person means , but grammatically they 're often wrong .
