  the population is growing but christianity is getting smaller ... churches get turned into nightclubs and apartments these days . 
  i think the pope said it was a country full of militant atheists . 
  the uk is messed up since we use both systems , so no one really knows and just hopes for the best . 
  i think it 's acceptable at university level but not below that . 
  i do n't think university lecturers have the same level of responsibility and authority as school teachers . 
  i do n't know if the other 65 million + people feel the same , though . 
  i think it will have a big impact . 
  we 're already hated in eurovision . 
  what happens if you 're a black european ? 
  does your head explode ? 
  as soon as a user with a uk flair post something even remotely negative towards the eu they get a flood of downvotes , no matter how relevant the post was . 
  i do n't know if it 's got any better now , though . 
  i want to stay in the eu but i just ca n't handle the massive eu-circle-jerk that goes on in that sub . 
  reddit is meant to be about discussions but you 're apparently not allowed to comment on the eu unless it 's positive . 
  i have lots but one i think sticks with me is [ vater ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdjxkww_h1w ) by soap & skin . 
  i can understand and speak a bit of german but not fluently . 
  i 'm glad someone else knows of eiv\u00f8r . 
  i really love \u00cd tokuni by her . 
  the throat singing reminds me of med\u00falla by bj\u00f6rk . 
  it looks like most of the other stuff is on [ bbc 2 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/tv/programmes/genres/religionandethics/player/episodes ) . 
  i do n't know if it has to be 2 hours per week , but the remit says 110 hours per year , which is just over 2 per week on average . 
  yup , same . 
  i also had to unsubscribe from r/europe for similar reasons . 
  i wonder if the brit and brexit bashing has died down there now . 
  brexit must have gave russian redditors on that sub a bit of a break !, 
  it 's pretty much just on one channel on a sunday lunchtime . 
  it has to be broadcast as part of the licence fee public service remit , so it caters for religious people . 
  the bbc only has to show 2 hours per week and itv ( rival commercial network ) apparently broadcast an hour but i have no idea what it is . 
  we do get things like documentaries about religion but they are n't preaching types and they often look on religion as a bad thing . 
  there 's religious channels but they 're rubbish and hardly have any viewers . 
  that 's true but it 's absolutely boring now . 
  there should be a brexit sub instead . 
  i hate it . 
  too much brexit . 
  in the uk , indian and pakistani shop owners are very common to the point where it 's a bit of a stereotype . 
  the common type is to own a corner shop ( although not always on the corner ) in a residential area . 
  in my area everyone who owned one got referred to as `` boss '' , and then sometimes the customer was also called boss in return . 
  everyone was boss in shaffies ( my old corner shop owner ) . 
  i think any capital that is english language friendly beyond tourism will have this problem ... stockholm , oslo , copenhagen , amsterdam etc. 
  if anything it 's becoming anti-muslim . 
  right wing parties are gaining more support and it 's clear public opinion on islam is growing more and more negative . 
  also , just to add to this , the uk has a welfare system where if you are not earning over a certain figure ( i do n't know these figures off the top of my head ) then you get it topped up . 
  you also get a minimum income if you are unemployed ; job seekers allowance ( but you have to make sure you are looking for work ) . 
  most , often all , of your rent is paid and you get money for food and bills . 
  we also get free healthcare regardless of income ( although in england a prescription will cost around # 8 / $ 9 / $ 10 if you work , but can be free for low earners ) . 
  in this sense we already have a basic minimum income . 
  we just do n't pay everyone it in monetary terms . 
  you could not work a day in your life and still get money for food and water , bills and rent , but , of course , you 're not going to have much of a life . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i do have a really negative view of the uk workforce in this sense and feel like people work because they have to , not because they want to . 
  i do n't know anyone who wants to work , regardless of how much they are earning . 
  i 'd definitely pursue an alternative career in an arty field if money was n't a problem and that kind of stuff does n't bring anything into an economy . 
  therapy . 
  speak to them . 
  if a woman is getting pregnant and aborting a lot then alternatives should be discussed , like birth control . 
  i 'd love it but i think too many people in the uk would abuse it to either not work or work a lot less . 
  i 'm definitely pro choice . 
  i think that women can terminate if they want to , but some kind of list should be kept and if the same women are wanting abortions all the time then they should be referred to specialists . 
  there are some in the uk but it 's rarely an issue and there 's no real movements with any popularity . 
  polls tend to favour the royal family staying where they are , usually around 70-80 % . 
  i think this is because the royal family do n't exercise their powers like they would have centuries ago and they also `` hold '' the commonwealth together . 
  it 's as if they are here for tradition . 
  if they started meddling in laws and the daily life of people then the opinion would change . 
  if i was pushed i would say i am a republican just because i do n't like the thought of hereditary power and i would n't be too concerned if they were abolished , but i do n't hold these views with any kind of strength . 
  that i ca n't understand any of it . 
  i ca n't understand a lot of languages but i can often see a logic with it when it 's an indo-european one , even more so germanic ... 
  but finnish is obvious not part of this family . 
  it 's really good . 
  it 's the only place i 've found that streams decent programmes from other countries , rather than just abstract arty things . 
  i 'm currently watching an icelandic programme called case , which is pretty good so far . 
  there is a platform called walter presents coming to the usa . 
  we have it in the uk now . 
  it shows international tv , mainly european , with english subtitles and will probably be free ( supported by adverts in the uk at the moment so i assume it 'll be the same in the us ) . 
  it 's not as comprehensive as things like netflix but it has a decent amount of content . 
  i 'd give that title to icelandic . 
  i 'm english and i have a bad time with `` th '' when it sounds like an f. i pronounce * three * as * free * and * thought * as * fort * . 
  it 's more a lazy thing i developed . 
  for native english speakers it 's harder because we generally separate words than compound them . 
  i mean they 're not difficult once you learn them but they often get long . 
  yeah , i struggle with this as well . 
  i believe german is classed as a harder language to learn than most other germanic and romance languages ( ignoring things like icelandic ! ), 
  because of the sentence structure . 
  andalsocompoundwords . 
  edit : and the genders . 
  you need to learn words with their genders because there 's no real logic . 
  oh , i 'm not suggesting it 's a divide , it just feels a bit more different culturally . 
  it 's probably more to do with things like language and the way places look . 
  i think eastern europe is similar but i think it 's dissimilar enough to feel like you 're in a different part of the world . 
  the difference between , say , london and kiev is a lot compared to london and paris . 
  i liked the idea of graduating from school . 
  in the uk when we finish school there 's no massive deal made from it in most places . 
  you finish school , go to a prom ( these are relatively new to the uk - it used to be school discos ) and then you move on . 
  there does n't seem to be anything ceremonial in the uk to say to kids `` congratulations , you done it ! '', 
  we like to visit our children to see how they 're getting on . 
  but really , it 's probably because it is something slightly different to most of europe . 
  you can visit paris , london , barcelona , amsterdam etc and , although you will have a different experience , it somewhat feels familiar if you are from western europe already . 
  the interest i have in going to north america is the nature . 
  the usa and canada have some beautiful places to explore , but if i am being honest so does europe and it 's 10x cheaper and a lot quicker for me to get to somewhere in europe than it would be north america . 
  i 'd like to visit new york just because it 's one of those places you have to go to as a tourist . 
  it 's because we do n't have a city of skyscrapers to that extent in europe and it 's one of those `` tick box '' places where you can tick off globally famous landmarks .
