  we pretty much pay # 54 for most of that , except for the check up and clean . 
  samaris - black lights . 
  amazing band from iceland . 
  it 's not that low !, 
  qualified nurses start at # 21,692 , about $ 27,000 and it rises with experience . 
  the # 16,000 wage is for entry level jobs ( band 1 ) . 
  most qualified nurses start on band 5 . 
  you can see more here : https://www.rcn.org.uk/employment-and-pay/nhs-pay-scales-2016-17, 
  that sounds similar to the uk , except people in work almost always have to pay something towards it . 
  we have private dentists here but people do n't choose them unless they have insurance or can afford it . 
  nhs dentists are often hard to join in some areas !, 
  did n't i say pretty much the same thing ? 
  coming from outside the eu/eea it 's harder . 
  i believe you need to pay relatively high fees and take a series of exams ( written and practical ) . 
  on top of that the uk has rubbish wages for nurses in comparison to the usa . 
  it 's probably because health care here is state run whereas in the usa it 's mainly private . 
  do you just par for it when needed , or is there dental insurance ? 
  brexit happened . 
  i have no idea about other countries but i do n't think it 's massively common in the uk . 
  people do it , though . 
  i know a couple who met because of facebook but that was because they had mutual friends and got chatting that way . 
  people do send messages trying it on but facebook makes it hard to receive messages from people you do n't know . 
  it 's a legal requirement in most counties . 
  wow , eastern europe really do n't like gay marriage !, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  is n't the current danish government practically centre ? 
  also , our previous government - a centre-right one , just more centre than the current one ( apparently ) - were very pro-gay rights . 
  they , in fact , legalised gay marriage ( previously it was just civil partnerships ) . 
  people probably see ukip and think that 's the definition of the uk right but it 's not . 
  they 're much more extreme than the conservatives , who are the most popular party just centre of the right . 
  the uk is relatively liberal ( in the strict sense of the word , not the political liberal ) . 
  however , i fear after the brexit vote the new breed of politicians are taking things backwards . 
  i think the difference with nordic countries is that there is much more focus on people rather than in other countries . 
  it is a bit of a mouthful ... and until this map i 've never heard of it !, 
  can i just point out that only sweden has a left wing government at the moment . 
  both norway and denmark are governed by centre-right governments . 
  it 's easy to make the assumption that western europe ( or most of europe ? ), 
  is lead by the left but a lot of countries are actually lead by centre-right parties . 
  i can only think of france , italy and portugal who do n't fit , but there may be more ( i 'm too lazy to research ) . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2016/09/27/11/graphic-1.jpg ) is a good map . 
  if that happened the right would get stronger . 
  i 'd say mac but with a short , almost silent , a. 
  the uk is exactly the same as croatia , russia and greece / s, 
  yes . 
  it 's called the [ infinity bridge ] ( https://collabcubed.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/infinity_bridge_expedition-engineering_speirs-and-major_infinity-symbol_collabcubed.jpg ), 
  my family celebrate but there 's no traditions . 
  we just exchange gifts , have food and visit other family . 
  we 're not religious so there 's no church or anything like that . 
  we pretty much celebrate the capitalist christmas we all know and love . 
  i hate christmas . 
  the council are rubbish and all the decent people move away for better work . 
  i moved away , because i 'm obviously one of those decent people ( ha !, 
  ) , but moved back because my family are here . 
  of course , i regret that decision now !, 
  i live in middlesbrough , which is * slightly * better . 
  the entire region is a bit of a dive really !, 
  i took [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/grqsza8 ) of sunset over the town i work in , stockton-on-tees , north east england ( i do n't live there ) . 
  it was taken on my phone but i think it looks really nice , despite the town being a little bit of a dive in daylight . 
  in the north east of england people often say `` iya '' , said like `` hiya '' without the h. 
  i 'm kind of happy about that . 
  this year i 've seen things like `` black tag event '' at curry 's pc world and `` black fivedays '' at morrisons , which are obviously a play on black friday but last longer . 
  the only genuine sales are those where a retailer clearly wants rid of old stock . 
  i think it 's us led companies who introduced it to the uk . 
  asda , now owned by walmart , apparently started it in 2013 in the uk and other retailers cottoned on to it and now we have 2 black friday 's in the uk , one where people buy things they do n't need and the other where people drink so much that the nhs and police have to put on extra staff . 
  it 's a relatively new thing and i am stuck in this rut , or at least feel i am . 
  what i meant about my 20s compared to my 30s is that i do n't seem to be doing much more now than i did in my 20s but i have less free time to listen to music , watch films etc. 
  i 'm not depressed but i do spend a lot of time thinking about all the stuff i should have done . 
  they 're extremely common , to the point where they pop up before a programme starts on tv or news presenters might even mention what hash tag to use . 
  i 'm in my early 30s and going through a bit of a miserable time . 
  i have got myself stuck in a rut of thinking `` i should have done this and that and this ... '' . 
  i do n't think i 'm worthless but i think i should be doing better . 
  it seems a lot of people in their 30s have a kind of pre-midlife-crisis . 
  it 's an awkward age . 
  too old yo be young but too young to be old . 
  i also find that i have no free time any more , but i do n't do anything i never done in my 20s . 
  if you 're 30 you still have 35 years of working life left ( or there abouts , depending on where you live ) which is a long time , so a long time to make a positive change . 
  i wish i could take my own advice ... 
  it came to the uk rather suddenly in the last few year . 
  before then it did n't really exist . 
  the real black friday in the uk is the friday before christmas where people go out and get drunk . 
  i think places like russia and turkey top the uk for being the ugliest politically . 
  the uk has relatively decent politics despite brexit . 
  iceland was beautiful . 
  almost otherworldly . 
  however , i have yet to visit switzerland and that looks beautiful . 
  it will probably be my next holiday . 
  there 's some beautiful places in the uk in fact . 
  scotland has some amazing areas . 
  we had an advert here a while ago , more than a decade , which went `` danish bacon , danish bacon , yummy , yummy , yummy , yummy , yummy , yummy , yum '' . 
  i ca n't find it ( on my mobile ) but until then i did n't know that denmark provided a lot of bacon to the uk , despite a major brand being danepak . 
  icelandic is lovely to listen to , and it 's even lovelier when icelandic people speak english . 
  what do you mean ? 
  considering trump did n't win the popular vote but won the election and brexit was sold on a series of quite blatant lies i 'd say that is n't really democratic to begin with . 
  [ money saving expert ] ( http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/family/cheaper-weddings ) suggests the average cost is actually # 25,000 . 
  of course that 's an average cost and not everyone will be that stupid , although some will be more stupid . 
  it 's bonkers . 
  you can do that , yes , but lots of people go all out and hire venues , have meals etc. 
  i do n't have particularly rich friends but they have spent a fortune in their weddings , some are still paying for them 5 years later and they 're now divorced !, 
   there 's a good buffet one of the main reasons to go to a wedding !, 
  my friend has bright red hair and she has no problems going anywhere in europe .
