  i love the swedish word for cockroach , too ; kackerlacka . 
  it 's not dirty in english but it just rolls off the tongue smoothly . 
  i did n't go on a proper erasmus programme but it was arranged through erasmus somehow . 
  it was for 3 weeks in 2001 . 
  we exchanged with students at guc in uppsala . 
  we went to their college and they came to ours . 
  it was one of my most memorable experiences and i 'll go back if i could ( too old now ! ) . 
  it was the first time i 'd been out of the country without my parents and i loved experiencing sweden ( we also went to stockholm - stayed in the globe arena hotel ) . 
  at the time guc was temporarily based on an industrial estate which was really weird as you were n't allowed to take photos or record video ( guc is a multimedia and arts college ) . 
  i think the experience started my love of the nordic countries . 
  the uk 's `` cheers '' has morphed into something along the lines of `` lets get fucked '' , because we 're all binge drinking idiots . 
  yes , hence `` the late 20s '' . 
  vietnamese looks awful because all the words are short and there 's way too many diacritics ... there 's even diacritics on top of diacritics !, 
  turkey changed from arabic script to latin script in the late 20s . 
  i wonder how easy the change was . 
  i assume there 's few people alive today still to comment on the changes . 
  any turkish people on here know more about how easy/hard this change was ? 
  i live with a friend at the moment . 
  we share the rent and bills 50/50 , although i get two bedrooms since hers is larger . 
  we both separated with our ex partners at roughly the same time to moved in together . 
  in the next year or so i plan on getting my own place but for now i am enjoying all the extra money i have . 
  our rent is # 600 a month , which is actually high for the town i 'm in . 
  but would n't they drive the trucks of the country they are employed in rather that polish ones ? 
  polish trucks usually means a polish company . 
  the main ones i see in the north east of england come from eastern europe , usually with poland and croatia . 
  i also see quite a lot of dutch ones , mainly flowers . 
  pronouncing `` th '' as `` f '' in words like * three * and * thought * ( quite a common thing in the uk actually ) . 
  english is full of loanwords , but usually historical ones ( chic from french , delicatessen from german etc etc etc ) . 
  i ca n't think of many commonly used recent ones , though . 
  when i pronounce obvious loan words , like sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord , i try to pronounce them close to their original language ( and write the with their correct diacritic ) but people often look at me funny so i 've stopped doing it and given in to the british way of pronouncing everything as it would be said in english . 
  uk : most people would be fine with being called by their first name , but you get people who would get a little insulted by that , then you get the morning ones who get angry if you say miss instead of mrs. 
  i find it quite impersonal when i get called sir , but some people would like it . 
  i visited berlin for 5 days and took $ 500 . 
  i came back with $ 300 because i used my card a lot . 
  then i realised i got charged # 0.60 per transaction so all these small purchases cost me loads . 
  i 'm not sure if it was better with exchange rates and stuff , though . 
  since scotland is still part of the uk and it would not be a quick and easy exit from the uk if it ever did become independent . 
  on top of that it would not be a quick and easy entry to the eu . 
  furthermore some of the countries that are dead set against separatism like spain could try and block or delay scotland from entering . 
  so , yeah , it wo n't be scotland . 
  it 's more likely to be one of the ones waiting in the balkans . 
  the weather presenters for the bbc ( national broadcaster ) are employed by the met office ( the national weather service ) so are either meteorologists or have to go through training . 
  but the bbc are now abandoning the met office so i 'm not sure if the rules will be relaxed . 
  for the other networks i 'm not sure . 
  they probably base it on looks and cleavage . 
  but let 's be honest , for the few minutes the weather is on you do n't need to be a genius . 
  with training most good presenters could do it . 
  after all , they 're not going to overcomplicate a forcast meant for the public . 
  i do n't trink anyone in the uk would struggle with the 24 hour clock unless they were really stupid . 
  we use it as standard but we just do n't say `` twenty o clock '' , we say `` eight i clock '' or `` eight pm '' . 
  no but timetables are rarely written with am or pm whereas in the usa i believe it 's more common to use am and pm , for example . 
  1984 by george orwell . 
  it 's an amazing book and it 's still very relevant . 
  it 's my favourite book of all time . 
  both . 
  the uk is generally messed up with all systems of measurement . 
  imperial and metric and used together . 
  i hate tea . 
  it 's vile . 
  / lies, 
  i think brits share some of the same hatred towards the uk government as ireland do . 
  outside of reddit i 've never known any resent from either side , but i have n't been to northern ireland . 
  it 's interesting to see that hardly any union flags were flown in dublin but you seem the occasional scottish or welsh flag . 
  indeed . 
  i 've lived in manchester , salford and a few places on the north east and they all have different coloured bins . 
  some do n't even use bins for recycling . 
  they use boxes instead . 
  until recently my local council used heavy duty green bags ( almost like ikea ones ) for garden waste . 
  i did n't say it was ... 
  i guess it would be more accurate to refer to it as a former country of the uk than a colony . 
  ireland . 
  now if they choose us in return i do not know . 
  we have the bins at home provided by the local council , usually stored in the garden . 
  not all areas have them but most do . 
  in my town it 's a black bin for general waste , blue for recyclables and green for garden waste . 
  in some places it 's not physically possible to have the bins so people often just put bags out with their rubbish in , but that 's much less common these days . 
  you can take them to the local skip if you want , but you do n't get any refund from the council tax . 
  up north us a very general term . 
  most large cities in the uk are in the north they have no issues with their rubbish collection . 
  i do n't believe many people anywhere in the uk pay privately for their general rubbish to be removed . 
  i 've seen wheelie bins outside of farm houses in the middle of nowhere . 
  the local council collect it . 
  in the uk most places have several bins . 
  one for general waste , one for recycling and one for garden waste ( cut grass , weeds etc ) . 
  in my town general waste is weekly , recycling fortnightly and green waste also fortnightly ( alternating ) . 
  for items that do n't fit in the bins such as old furniture or electronics the council will also collect these separately . 
  that used to be free but now they charge ( around # 10 for several items ) . 
  the uk is getting better at recycling but other european countries are much better . 
  rule , britannia !, 
  rule the waves !, 
  realistically i do n't really have strong opinions on the commonwealth and former colonies . 
  i like those countries and the uk definitely has close ties with them . 
  some of them , especially australia , ireland and new zealand , share a culture which is very similar . 
  people from those nations would fit in the uk no problem . 
  definitely subtitled . 
  dubbing spoils it in my opinion . 
  i have always wondered if people find if weird when they hear an actor talk in an interview but their voice is different to the films they have been dubbed in ? 
  the closest thing the uk has is scots and english , which are almost mutually intelligible , but scots is not really considered a separate language . 
  people in much of the uk would not fully grasp scots if spoken quickly but they could probably understand the general gist and with more exposure would probably understand it fully . 
  i assume people who speak scots understand english with no problem at all , but that 's likely because everything we consume is in english in the uk ( excluding small pockets of celtic language areas ) i guess scots is to english what afrikaans is to dutch , yet the afrikaans is considered a separate language .
