  most things are metric , except distance ( miles ) , height ( feet/inches ) and weight ( stones/pounds , although more and more people are quoting it in kg now ) . 
  i think it 's the stubborn british attitude which is why people are not willing to change . 
  at least americans use one system and not a mixture of both like us confused brits !, 
  i 'm 6 foot/183cm , male , uk . 
  i think the only people i know who are sensitive about their height are small males , maybe 163cm or less ( 5 foot 4 inches ) . 
  absolutely . 
  look at the embarrassment english and russian fans were in france . 
  imagine if it was on home ground where the other nation will be massively outnumbered by russians ? 
  as much as a lot of world leaders clearly do not like him they will have no choice other than to accept it . 
  for the uk it might actually be a benefit . 
  obama said the uk would be `` at the back of the queue '' if the uk left the eu , but donald trump will in full support and seems to think relationships will strengthen , which might happen since both the uk and usa now have morally inept people running the country . 
  i do not like trump and i hate that the uk is leaving the eu , just for clarification . 
  i guess that 's the equivalent of `` mr professor schmidt '' ? 
  or `` mr teacher schmidt '' . 
  in english that would be weird ( not complaining , just an observation ) . 
  in school , until 16 , we usually refer to them as `` miss '' and `` sir '' , and occasionally `` mrs x '' or `` mr x '' , then from college onward we refer to them by their first name . 
  i went to a separate college and not a sixth form ( which is often attached to the previous school you went to ) so i am not sure if kids in sixth form continue with miss and sir or go by the first name . 
  in my college we referred to them almost exclusively but their first name . 
  university seems to be a mixed batch . 
  i have heard people refer to the lecturer as just `` professor '' , then sometimes as `` mr x '' etc. 
  this is my experience , anyway . 
  all news in europe only comes from the government . 
  all the news papers and tv news channels are state run and no one is allowed to be negative against the government . 
  this all started in 1984 . 
  yeah , the second and third instalment were definitely more like tv films . 
  they were still good , though . 
  i 'd second black mirror . 
  i do n't think any other series has had me thinking as much as this . 
  you 're kind of left with a weird empty feeling that 's hard to explain . 
  the only other show i 'd consider my favourite is nighty night by julia davies , but i do n't think it 's been influential or global like a lot of british comedy . 
  jordskott is really good . 
  i heared it coming back for another season ? 
  i also like the film adaptations of m\u00e4n som hatar kvinnor series . 
  the english remake was actually really good but they stopped at the first one . 
  mexican ( mainly burritos ) and indian ( mainly curry ) , so nothing european at all . 
  i do like fish and chips if you want a clich\u00e9 answer !, 
  we might get some kind of transitional deal where we continue to pay in and withdraw gradually as proper agreements are set up . 
  that , of course , assuming * all * trade between the eu and the uk would stop . 
  very few , despite the uk being unprepared for snow every year . 
  indeed . 
  although i could adjust to live in sweden , for example , there 's a lot of differences there to the uk . 
   ( this same girl traveled to england and could n't even name the capital ) my cousin thought england was the capital of london and that we lived in a country called london . 
  she is 24 !, 
  perhaps not a stereotype , but i get a bit annoyed when people refer to something as `` european '' , bulking every european country together like they 're one nation . 
  we may share some culture with our neighbours but most countries , especially ones further apart , have different cultures , traditions , languages etc. 
  i guess it 's the same type of thing people do with africa . 
  it 's very common in the uk . 
  you can buy it in pretty much all supermarkets and even a lot of convenience shops . 
  i like it but it 's hard to eat a lot of it because it 's too heavy , so usually just on one sandwich . 
  many of my favourite musicians are icelandic so takk fyrir , \u00cdsland . 
  skyr is also delicious , although the ones sold in the uk are made in germany ... 
  they sell it in the international section in some supermarkets so i bought a bar to check . 
  it was horrible . 
  i like reese , though , even if it is way too sweet . 
  wow , it seems kind of rude these days !, 
  that was hilarious to watch , because it 's weird watching grown adults do something i 'd normally see kids doing . 
  but it looks fun !, 
  no worse than the [ hokey cokey/pokey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edpdevkjaoi ) which is almost a tradition at all weddings in the english speaking world . 
  i never knew this happened ( the burning of irish nationalist symbols , including the flag ! ) . 
  is that common with loyalists on this day ? 
  to be fair , not all of them stayed for lunch and some just made flying visits . 
  extended family get-togethers are common . 
  before my nanna passed away half of the family would visit hers on christmas day and exchange gifts , have some alcohol ( not much , just a tipple ) and eat lunch . 
  since she died we rarely see the extended family now , which is really sad . 
  there was about 20 of us on christmas day , but now it 's just my immediate family ( parents , siblings and their kids ) . 
  and of course , there 's the traditional christmas food ; christmas dinner , mince pies , pigs-in-bankets , christmas cake ( it 's disgusting , i do n't know why it 's popular ! ), 
  the uk seems to be adopting a mish-mash of other traditions . 
  like this year people are putting together christmas eve boxes , where kids will get a box of presents to open on christmas even instead of christmas day . 
  i have never heard of these before . 
  some people would exchange one gift on christmas eve but not an entire box . 
  they 've been back for a while now , but they 're nowhere near as big as they were ... but since skin is popular in italy ( and on xfactor ) they do really well there . 
  [ skunk anansie - i believed in you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqldgavzhes ) - lyrics [ here ] ( http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/skunkanansie/ibelievedinyou.html ) - at the time of the song , around 2012 , the government announced a load of cuts across the country which were said to target poorer people more harshly . 
  skunk anansie have always had a bit of protest in their music . 
  [ m.i.a. 
  - borders ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-nw7hbaewy ) - lyrics [ here ] ( http://genius.com/mia-borders-lyrics ) - this is about immigration/asylum seekers and probably inspired by the recent refugee crisis . 
  the lyrics are not that amazing but the video is really good . 
  again , m.i.a. 
  often makes politically motivated music . 
  iceland has been my favourite country to visit in the world so far . 
  it 's like visiting another planet . 
  the only negative thing i have to say is that reykjavik is bloody expensive !, 
  each bank and building society has their own criteria , which is mainly based on a risk assessment ( although i would n't know the ins and outs of each bank ) . 
  in the uk we need a deposit of around 20 % , but it can vary . 
  there are government schemes in place where the government will lend you 20 % of the money for a property and you pay them back.this means people may only need a 5 % deposit . 
  the catch is that if you sell the property the government takes their percentage back ( so if you make profit they take a chunk of it ) unless you have cleared the loan already . 
  no interest is charged on the loan for the first 5 years then it 's only a small amount after , i believe 1 % + rpi . 
  there is also a mortgage guarantee scheme provided by the government so people can get a 95 % mortgage with a 5 % deposit and the government will act as a kind of guarantor . 
  this sounds similar to the one fannie ( hehe ! ), 
  however this scheme is coming to an end next year . 
  until the recession it was n't unheard of to be able to get 100 % mortgages but banks wo n't take that risk now , hence the government needed to step in because people really struggle to pull together # 40k for a deposit ( based on 20 % , average house price is over # 200k ) . 
  these scheme are , however , being blamed for house prices going up . 
  the uk has always had an issue where building is not moving as quickly as the demand and now more people are able to get a mortgage it makes demand much higher . 
  bloody hell , german compound words get long !, 
  daily . 
  i work for a housing association and a lot the people i deal with are immigrants , usually from eastern europe , the middle east and older people from pakistan and india . 
  we have a language line to use but it 's expensive so we 're discouraged to use it . 
  instead we try to use staff who speak those languages but we struggle with the eastern european ones . 
  however , they generally know someone who speaks english and they bring them to translate . 
  i have absolutely no problem with tourists not being able to speak the local lingo , but when people * move * to another country they should learn at least the basics . 
  the same goes for brits who move abroad and never seem to even try to learn the language .
