  * of course , i am not referring to scots gaelic here . 
  us brits have a hard enough time trying to understand each other let alone other languages . 
  on a whole it is handled extremely well in the uk . 
  as / u / - bungle - mentioned . 
  we even have tv shows about animal welfare and how organisations like the rspca operate . 
  there 's evidence that some farms are mistreating animals meant for food , like horrific images of battery chickens in poor conditions ( and this enters the food chain ! ), 
  the uk is generally a nation of animal lovers , but there 's idiots who will get into things like dog fighting and steal innocent dogs for bait dogs . 
  i think some people would value their animals life over another humans !, 
  british , english , teessider , european , human , mammal , animal . 
  i 'm not patriotic in the slightest but i am british . 
  sometimes i 'm not proud to be british ( football , brexit ) but i 'm british nonetheless . 
  brits or russians . 
  i 'm embarrassed to be british when i go to places like amsterdam or prague . 
  i do n't have any issue with any of our neighbours , land or sea bordered . 
  if they have a problem with us is another question . 
  a lot of pubs have a pool table or two , and most large towns and cities have pool halls . 
  i do n't see pool tables in pubs as much as i used to , though . 
  the local pool hall in my town - rileys , a national chain - closed down . 
  i think the chain went bust but some places survived . 
  i am not religious at all . 
  my family chose not to get me christened . 
  in school we were practically forced to believe , but i never did ( despite the school being secular ! ) . 
  i have an open mind but i feel that i am an atheist , that the unknown just has n't been discovered and human minds ca n't comprehend `` infinity '' , that we must constantly strive to find the answer of where it all began . 
  i would n't bash anyone for being religious unless they use it as an excuse to be stupid , like not allowing their children to have medicine or forcing their families to live hermit lives . 
  in the uk a lot of people will identify as christian ( usually protestant ) but in practice they do n't go to church . 
  religion is dying here , and `` no-religion '' is the second biggest category after christianity . 
  rent a car and drive on the right . 
  i 'd consider myself british first , english second and european last . 
  i do n't know anyone who would consider themselves european first ( the numbers will be tiny ) . 
  i love europe but i do n't feel like i am as part of it like those on the mainland . 
  people in the uk pretend to be but realistically it 's a nation of `` look after your own '' . 
  english football fans abroad . 
  i am so ashamed to be from the uk when we see the idiots that we did in france recently . 
  i see it as a popularity contest rather than a political one . 
  that sounds obvious but it 's almost showbiz . 
  i mean the idea of donald trump being electable is hilarious but it 's a thing and he could possibly be the president of the usa . 
  the closest we have is boris johnson but at least he is somewhat political . 
  we have a eurovision party every year and this song is played at least twice . 
  none of us like cheesy pop but eurovision is too much fun . 
  it could be any of those things depending on the job . 
  there 's no rules for interviews . 
  some work on the basis that you 're the best person and some work on the basis that your dad owns the company . 
  definitely dancing lasha tumbai by \u0412\u0454\u0440\u043a\u0430 \u0421\u0435\u0440\u0434\u044e\u0447\u043a\u0430 . 
  aye , i was taking the piss . 
  now he 's banning the burkini to try and win back some popularity . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that you 'd get a scholarship if you plan on staying in america . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely you 'd get a scholarship in the first place because even resident brits would have a hard time . 
  the only time i 've heard of it is when universities try a new course or a company pay for an employee to study . 
  much of europe has an agreement ( usually eu/eea countries ) that students from most european countries can study in another one for the same cost as residents as long as they meet the requirements . 
  outside of the eu/eea it 's much harder and you 'll have to pay international fees . 
  just rinse them under water . 
  i do n't know anyone who would clean fruit with soap . 
  i would never clean something like a banana , orange or anything i would peel . 
  if i am honest i sometimes do n't clean things like apples or pears !, 
  i have always been curious about swiss german . 
  do you guys understand standard spoken german but native german speakers find it difficult understanding swiss german properly ? 
   second person plural use is widespread either as `` yous '' or `` ye '' adding `` after '' to the present continuous ( a verb ending in '' - ing '' ) , a construction known as the `` hot news perfect '' or `` after perfect '' . 
  `` why did you hit him ? '', 
  -- `` he was after giving me cheek . '', 
  we have similar things in my area ( teesside , north east england ) . 
  `` yous '' is pretty much the standard of referring to a group of people here . 
  `` are all yous together ? 
  '' , for example . 
  we also slip an unnecessary `` after '' in some sentences in the same way you mentioned . 
   familiar from shakespeare , is the inclusion of the second person pronoun after the imperative form of a verb , as in `` wife , go you to her ere you go to bed '' ( romeo and juliet , act iii , scene iv ) . 
  this is still common in ulster : `` get you your homework done or you 're not goin ' out !, 
  that is less common here but drive for 15 minutes to north yorkshire and that kind of sentence structure is quite common . 
  come to think of it , the accent in my area is similar to scouse ( in tone and pace ) which i believe was influenced by irish settlers . 
  the accent and colloquialisms used in my area are a bit of a bastardisation of geordie ( which in itself probably owes a lot to scandinavia ) , yorkshire and seemingly irish ; we are pretty much the border between durham and yorkshire , and co. . durham had a lot of irish settlers in the 1800s . 
  the taps thing in the uk is a historic left over . 
  it was for hygiene to stop the water , fed from two different sources , from getting contaminated . 
  they 're obsolete unless you live in an old house with separate water tanks . 
  i hate separate hot and cold taps in places like public toilets and restaurants because you either burn your hand or freeze it . 
  no one is going to fill a sink to wash their hands . 
  the worse ones are press and hold separate taps . 
  they make no sense at all . 
  we do have mixer taps and they 're very common , just not everywhere . 
  however , i do n't know what type of shower you used . 
  even if the control were separate surely you 'd just turn the hot water up or down to get the right temperature ? 
  i 've never seen a shower where only hot or only cold comes out . 
  i have a teesside ( north east england ) twang . 
  there 's not much difference ( other than accent ) between standard english other than some regional words , which are more like slang anyway . 
  people in other regions of the uk would n't have a problem understanding us . 
  imagine toned down geordie mixed with yorkshire spoken by a scouser ? 
  it 's not the best accent and sounds horrible on tv . 
  the best examples i can think of are vic reeves and bob mortimer and paul smith from maximo park , if anyone knows them . 
  mine is not as harsh as most people here because i moved away to manchester for 6 years when i was younger . 
  someone called me `` posh '' the other day , but i would never get called posh outside of this area . 
  we could have the best song ever recorded and still not win . 
  then again , we usually send crap to compete anyway . 
  most ( if not all ? ), 
  eu insurance policies cover basic insurance throughout the eu , usually for up to 90 days . 
  basic insurance is usually third party . 
  in the uk people eat chips , cheese and gravy ... and sometimes garlic sauce instead of gravy . 
  it is awful . 
  everyone i 've been to glasgow there has been a sea of litter . 
  it really makes it look crap . 
  businesses seem to dump bags in the streets without bins , too . 
  they 're really uncommon in the uk . 
  universities have clubs and unions but not in the same way as fraternities and sororities .
