  there 's lots of massage parlours in soho , nestled between sex shops and clubs . 
  we can usually tell if someone is from the south or the north and we 'd probably be able to pick out main accents like new york and texas but we would n't be able to be specific with most accents . 
  i met a man from california earlier today in london and i would n't have any idea where he was from if he never told me . 
  it depends in the person rather than the accent i find , but in general americans sound a lot more informal . 
  your politicians do n't talk like they are in charge of a country , for example , whereas ours sound like they 've been media trained for decades . 
  but you guys are louder . 
  it 's a stereotype , i know , but it 's true for a lot of americans . 
  i think the accent just stands out more . 
  we consume a lot of american film and tv so we pick up the accents from there . 
  i think america get the wrong impression if accents in the uk . 
  americans are usually surprised at the variations in a county the size of one state . 
  my friend is from south yorkshire and he had some americas staying ... they said `` oh my god they still speak shakespearean here '' !, 
  haha . 
  i 'll be realistic and say that you 're probably not going to get to a level where you 'll be fluent enough to be a translator very quickly , and the locals will almost always be better since english skills are excellent in places like germany and even more so in the nordic countries . 
  but definitely learn a language if you are interested because it opens your mind and apparently makes you more intelligent !, 
  we have the same issues in the uk . 
  everyone else speaks perfect english so we never have to learn other languages and being bilingual is not common here . 
  we rarely need interpreters because everyone speaks english anyway and when we do need one they are usually someone from the country the language is from . 
  i find germanic languages much easier to learn and german rolls off my tongue rather naturally . 
  spanish , on the other hand , i bastardise that lovely language !, 
  if i remember correctly he had an illegal gun and did n't have a gun licence . 
  i do n't think many people in europe have been convicted of murder for killing an intruder , unless it was seriously over the top . 
  i think one man stabbed an intruder over 40 times in the uk , for example . 
  a burglar does n't deserve to die . 
  well , recently anyway . 
  well , recently anyway . 
  i used schei\u00dfe all the time and i 'm english . 
  i love that word . 
  when i was in berlin a cyclist shouted `` for fucks sake '' when someone walked in front of her . 
  is that common ? 
  it was weird that it was in english ( she clear a clear german accent ) . 
  awesome that newspapers use shitstorm !, 
  they 'd never do that here . 
  i use the word cunt all the time but some people think it 's disgusting . 
  in fact i am a proper foul mouth . 
  i was warned at work a few years ago for my swearing . 
  i do n't direct it at anyone and no one cares but it 's not professional . 
  it 's definitely part of our culture but the few bores make media outlets censor it to protect the poor and innocent children , who will probably already know more swear words than their parents . 
  the family friendly channels like bbc one and itv will be like that . 
  the reason is that the uk is full of idiots who pretend to get offended by things they 're not really offended by . 
  if someone said `` fuck '' on daytime tv and no one apologised these people with nothing else to do will write in and complain about how offensive it was . 
  but on networks like channel 4 and bbc two it will never be as big of an issue . 
  we 're actually quite relaxed in the uk but we pander to the minority of people like that . 
  yup , got it . 
  the kind of silent n. i always thought poutine was pronounced `` pou-tawn '' with a nasal n. . . guess not . 
  my french is not the best , but are they pronounced the same way or is poutine pronounced like it is in english ? 
  the bbc are pathetic with that . 
  they go all out for an apology if someone says bugger on the radio . 
  it 's boring . 
  in the uk the rules are really about context so people get away with saying shit during the day if it 's in context but not cunt . 
  is n't that also a meal in canada ? 
  chips with gravy and cheese . 
  these idiots just think that over half of the population agree with them . 
  they 're just thick . 
  apart from the american chains themselves , like tgi fridays , we have some american themed places . 
  a lot of them are independent , though . 
  most of the ones i see are themed like an old school american diner , with red and white seats , bar stools , serving tall milkshake etc. 
  the food is usually deep fried stuff , burgers , hot dogs ... the clich\u00e9 stuff you 'd imagine . 
  there 's also the occasional tex-mex place and we 've started getting taco bell in large cities , too . 
  in the uk it 's more common to see italian , chinese , indian and generic places . 
  i think it will fall and smaller unions will be made . 
  i reckon some countries will get fed up of it heading down a federal route and will want out . 
  also , it will heavily depend on how good it bad the uk does outside if the eu . 
  if it manages to do better or has no major impact then it could cause other countries to follow . 
  if the eu remained as a trading and peace pact rather than a borderline federation then i reckon it would be successful for much longer . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've had some repulsive independent beers in small brewery run pubs . 
  i had something called qed a few weeks ago that tasted like drains . 
  we learn this as standard ; it saves time writing , too . 
  in my school we would write in pencil until we could master it and then they let us use pens . 
  i write in cursive italics now . 
  i was being a pretentious teenager and it just stuck from there . 
  english is an annoying language because there 's no consistency with how letters and words are pronounced . 
  i guess it owes it to history , since english is a mash up of latin , french , germanic languages , greek and a mix of others . 
  i imagine this is a problem for anyone learning english because sometimes you just need to remember how the word sounds rather than trying to read it phonetically , especially since we do n't use diacritics - * cafe * is `` caf-ay '' but * safe * is not `` saf-ay '' . 
  i guess this is true with other languages but i would love english to be phonetic.if it was we 'd have to change worcester to * wusster * or start saying `` war-kester '' . 
  the foreign ones . 
  british ones are horrible . 
  the mainstream ones at least . 
  health care in the uk gets a lot of stick but it 's one of the best in the world . 
  whenever i have wanted a doctors appointment i can get one within a few days . 
  however in some areas it 's longer simply because of the larger populations . 
  in saying that i only wanted 2-3 days when i lived in manchester . 
  a big issue with it is that it 's so unorganised in terms of administration . 
  some areas are a mess with it . 
  unfortunately the current government are hell bent on privatising it . 
  i have a conspiracy theory that they are purposefully wanting it to fail so they have more excuses to sell it off . 
  a&e waiting times can be long , unless it 's life threatening of course . 
  4 hours is a long time and that 's their target !, 
  private health care is sometimes better but that 's because it 's more expensive and it can afford things like one on one nurses and private rooms . 
  ah , i never knew that . 
  a made up phrase we kept shouting ( yes , shouting like children ! ), 
  in sweden was `` welchen kackerlacka sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord '' . 
  i have no idea what the `` welchen '' part was since we said it like a german would say `` what '' - so kind of `` what cockroach buffet ? '', 
  ... steps slowly out of the room . 
   but we still have our gdp just like the war we 're going to beat you at that , too . 
  give us 5 years . 
  i 'm messing , i bloody hate german war jokes . 
  they 're so immature . 
  when i was in sweden i had some chocolate called plopp .
