  exactly . 
  an entire policy that wo n't make any difference to criminals obtaining guns illegally . 
  you always see british people drunk and loud abroad . 
  i was in the icelandic highlands in october and there was a drunken brit there . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  wtf . 
  it has an official video than is n't [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmtzqcsh6xk ) ?!?!?!?!, 
  i believe it 's true . 
  there 's a lot of safety features , like a separate fuse , an on/off switch on the socket itself , the live and neutral wo n't work unless there 's an earth connection , and they 're also both shielded so there 's no chance of electrocuting yourself when plugging in or unplugging something . 
  it feels weird plugging something in when i am abroad , because you plug it in directly into a live connection . 
  in the uk ( and some other countries ) you have to turn the socket on after plugging it in . 
  [ tr\u00f8llabundin ] ( https://youtu.be/lpifmzlicgm ) by eiv\u00f8r . 
  i also really like i tokuni . 
  she is releasing an album in english . 
  i 've heared a few songs and it just does n't sound the same . 
  faroese is a beautiful language , like icelandic . 
  decent plugs and sockets . 
  i know they 're perfectly safe , but i feel a lot more cautious around continental sockets than i do british ones , well , unless they 're unplugged and on the floor . 
  the word cunt . 
  it 's so lovely and harsh . 
  it can be used as a proper insult or just to greet a friend . 
  i really like christine and the queens . 
  perhaps she is n't the best of all time but i 'm not a huge follower of french music ( do n't know enough ) , but i have a soft spot for her . 
  on paper , perhaps , but about 1 % of people in ireland speak irish as their main language . 
  strangely , english is probably used in the eu because of america . 
  not directly for america but america are pretty much responsible for english being the global language , which is why most countries learn it as a second language . 
  unless ireland leaves then i doubt it . 
  the eu will probably keep english as the main language anyway . 
  it 's not the main eu language because of the uk , it 's the main eu language because it 's the main international language and most countries learn it . 
  there are adverts from the government , gps provide advice , and there 's gyms all over . 
  people just do n't pay attention . 
  the us is the land of extremes , though . 
  it seems to have some or the fattest people in the world and then some of the fittest . 
  pretty much the same in the uk , but i guess that 's not a surprise . 
   it 's about the soldiers , not the government ... and this was about the doctors and nurses , not the government . 
  it 's where people stay and where most tourists will go if they are first timers , since it close to the main natural tourist attractions . 
  i was in iceland for 5 days and we stayed in reykjavik but travelled out of the city on 4 of the days . 
  i 'm going to go back but next time i wo n't stay in reykjavik . 
  i 'm really craving some strawberries with chicken gravy now . 
  tesco do really nice ones . 
  over 60 % of people in the uk are overweight , with half of them being clinically obese ( the figures are n't so clear but these are the ones i see most ) . 
  we are apparently the fattest nation in western europe . 
  we have a big problem with it here , probably because we 're lazy , most people work in sedentary jobs , and shit food is cheaper than healthy food . 
  what i find worrying is that people tend to accept it , sometimes as almost normal . 
  overweight people are at more risk of developing other illnesses so this is putting a strain on the national health service . 
  i 'm sorry , but being overweight it not normal or healthy ( for most people ) . 
  i do n't want to fat shame and i 'm not expecting everyone to have a 6 pack or be incredibly fit but people in the uk need to do more to control their own weight . 
  `` i put the milk in first '' . 
  indeed . 
  the op is american so it makes more sense to refer to us$ . 
  in the uk rural areas , and smaller towns , were flooded with pidgey and ratata , but since the country is relatively small you do n't need to travel too far to get to a bigger settlement or city . 
  houses in the uk are relatively small . 
  the average national cost is # 220,000 ( around $ 282,000 ) but it varies massively depending on where in the country it is . 
  in london the average cost is over # 470,000 ( $ 602,0000 ) but in the north east it 's just # 127,000 ( $ 163,000 ) . 
  older houses are usually bigger with larger gardens and new builds are much smaller , there 's often less garden space and they 're more expensive . 
  i read that , on average , the uk has smaller living spaces than japan . 
  you can get approved for a loan ( mortgage ) before finding a house , so you know how much you can get . 
  the process of buying can be as quick as 3 weeks ( rare ) , but can take a lot longer if there 's a chain ( where to buy a house you need to sell your house , but the person buying your house also needs to sell theirs to be able to buy yours , and so on ) . 
  there 's loads of boring legal stuff to be done and people pay shit loads for it . 
  depending on the price you also need to pay a tax on buying a property , often called stamp duty ( but differs depending on the country in the uk ) . 
  the solicitor sorts most of this out for you . 
  yes , very popular . 
  i used to play with my friends - we 're in our late 20s and early 30s - and travel all over to find pokemon . 
  the fad has passed somewhat but people still play it . 
  i see people paying it in the cemetery opposite my house , which is full of pokestops . 
  dove is popular in the uk . 
  off the top of my head we also have palm olive , imperial leather , and lots of own brand stuff . 
  people tend to use shower gel and liquid hand wash . 1am on a saturday morning and i 'm talking about soap . 
  i think i need to reassess my life . 
  i work for a housing association and the dress code is smart . 
  some people wear suits but most people wear shirt , blouses etc. 
  some members of staff have to dress a little less smart , mainly those who are visiting houses daily because we have some absolutely scummy tenants . 
  we have the occasional dress down day , which is usually for some charity thing . 
  in my last job it was casual and everyone seemed to work better . 
  i 've never understood this need for smart clothes for business . 
  as long as people dress sensibly i find it makes people work better dressing more like themselves . 
  so romantic . 
  my mum got a letter a few years ago from some distance relatives in australia about her family history , which was unexpected . 
  we have n't had the chance to meet them ( i do n't think we will to be honest , it feels a bit weird ) . 
  we do n't really know much about our family history other than my mum 's side are from ireland and my dad 's side from scotland , so i 'm a bit of a celtic hybrid . 
  my mum 's side actually have a family crest ... 
  i have no idea if this means they were wealthy or it was just a thing . 
  same here . 
  there 's close to a million polish immigrants in the uk and i believe the highest amount of polish people in europe outside of poland itself . 
  polish people are also the biggest immigrant group in the uk , too . 
  we tend to see them working in manual jobs , most people see them as hard working , but the racists see them as `` coming over here , stealing our jobs ... coming over here , stealing our benefits '' . 
  roads are also only a guide . 
  i 've seen cars - and especial scooters - drive on the pavement in paris . 
  i do n't know how there is n't an accident hourly around the arc de triomphe . 
  are n't farmers in the eu subsidised because agriculture does n't pay well ? 
  i feel embarrassed . 
  i do learn basic phrases but i tend to learn them well enough for people to speak back to me in the local language then i kind of have a blank stare . 
  i can speak german ok but find it hard to understand sometimes . 
  but , english is a bridge language so if a french person went to poland they 'd probably speak english to communicate . 
  i love and hate being english . 
  we do n't need to learn other languages because you lot learn english instead ( probably because of america ) . 
  but at the same time i feel a bit rubbish that most people from the anglosphere never need to learn another language . 
  i love languages but there 's hardly any point in me becoming fluent unless i want to move and live somewhere else . 
  yup . 
  you 're meant to change them every 2 or 3 weeks but people keep them for months .
