  the uk has a lot of rural areas despite it 's size , but rural areas can be a 10 minute drive from a city . 
  the average salary here is # 26,000 ( $ 32,000 ) but a lot of that goes to the government through taxes and national insurance . 
  salaries are higher in london than elsewhere , and they kind of radiate out of london a little , where they are lower in the north and south west of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland ( although all these areas have pockets where salaries are better than neighbouring regions ) . 
  that the eu makes changes to prevent it falling apart . 
  i do n't know what changes though . 
  yup . 
  it was essentially the non-official campaigns from the likes of ukip and right wing media which won the `` leave '' vote . 
  yeah i think it had a big impact . 
  if a million refugees were allowed into germany people would think that was the fate of all of the eu . 
  on top of that the terrorist attacks in parts of europe did not help at all . 
  even though that had nothing to do with the eu thick pepper believed it did . 
  ukip even used it as some of their [ propaganda ] ( https://res.cloudinary.com/dods/image/upload/c_fill,g_center,h_500,w_1120/v1/uk%20politicians/pa-26625464_nbxweh.jpg ) where they had an image of a large group of refugees as if to suggest that was the fate for the uk if it remained in the eu . 
  there was also a leaflet printed highlighting where syria was and if turkey joined the eu how close the eu would be to syria . 
  people believed this bollocks . 
  i honestly think that a lot of people genuinely believed being in the eu meant we had to accept more people from the middle east . 
  its baffling . 
  money dust . 
  it was very ballsy and if you did n't understand what it was about it would be really insulting . 
  it 's such a shame it 's no longer made . 
  i believe one of the main writers died so that 's understandable . 
  i understand most other english accents across the world as long as they are speaking english and not a creole or local variations where words are changed a lot ( like scots ) . 
  another one here for daniel br\u00fchl . 
  i also like franka potente in the stuff i 've seen from her . 
  two of my favourite films , run lola run and the princess and the warrior , have her as the main character but i have n't seen any of her recent stuff . 
  the main reasons for brexit were idiots believing that angela merkel will let millions of refugees into europe and the same people listening to ukip . 
  panic . 
  panic . 
  the eu means terrorism . 
  we are leaving the eu on a bunch of lies . 
  have a [ proper crimbo ] ( https://youtu.be/mqbf7tiyato ) . 
  shared accommodation mainly . 
  people often arrange meet ups with other people . 
  they may be lone travellers who meet up with others taking a holiday in the same city . 
  they might just be large friend groups . 
  i 've been away with 9 other people . 
  it 's cheaper because you can get apartments or full rooms in a hostel . 
  or , as others have said , it might be guided tourist groups . 
  i meet up with friends in the town centre for about 5 or 6 hours . 
  we have a catch up and a few ( many ) drinks . 
  then i go to my mums and watch boring tv and listen to stories i 've heard seventy times already . 
  i stay there for christmas . 
  mobile phones . 
  it 's ok son . 
  we 're open minded and we accept our offspring may not always turn out like us . 
  except for language i do n't think we have as much in common with the usa as people think . 
  we have much more in common with ireland , australia , new zealand and then much of western europe than we do the usa . 
  they had good pr to make them appear american . 
  my children * ^ ^ * i ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ have ^ ^ children . 
  i really want to learn german properly . 
  i can speak a bit but from my recent ( ish ) trip to berlin it 's pretty rubbish . 
  i can read it no problem but that does n't necessarily mean i understand what i 'm reading !, 
  i 'm just too old now ( 33 ) and have no time . 
  close . 
  some unknown scottish one where everyone holds hands and no one really knows the words except for part of the chorus . 
  may or may not have been mentioned in the op . 
  i think the main reason many people do n't travel outside of the usa is because the usa is the size of a continent and the climate and scenery changes dramatically . 
  you get tropical climates in the south and skiing weather in the north . 
  you can see mountains in one part of the country and dessert in another , and you can visit a metropolis or be in the middle of no-where . 
  basically they have everything in their own country already . 
  if europe became a country i imagine it would be similar here . 
  about 2 times a year , less than i want . 
  it 's really cheap to travel in europe if you book in advance so i hope this remains the case following brexit !, 
  i would go a lot more but i have trouble getting people to go with me . 
  i like colder , northern places but everyone else likes the sun . 
  this year i have only travelled once to iceland , but it 's because i travelled about 30 times within the uk . 
  i read that they are [ pointless ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/9912822/dna-ancestry-tests-branded-meaningless.html ) anyway . 
  yes , definitely , but because we are not directly connected to the mainland it 's not uncommon for people on these islands to refer to continentals as just `` european '' . 
  we have dunnes in the uk , too , but only a few . 
  i agree with penny 's / primark . 
  the quality is rubbish . 
  i bought some jeans and the stitching was inside out . 
  then i bought some more ( in an 'em ergency ' when i was in london and spilled vinegar all over me jeans ! ), 
  and the legs were twisted . 
  i also bought some socks and one was much smaller than the other . 
  they have really crap quality control . 
  my friend always wishes buy cheap , buy twice . 
  bilingual pole-dancing robots ? 
  kind of . 
  our manager usually buys us a something . 
  not much , maybe a box of chocolate or sweets . 
  we also get to leave early on the last day , so we essentially get 1/2 day holiday for free . 
  we get a lot of gifts from our contractors , suppliers and customers but we 're not allowed to accept them . 
  they end up getting raffled off to the entire business . 
  ah , interesting . 
  i thought it was because i looked stoned ( 26 hours with no sleep because we thought it would be fun to hunt for the northern lights and not sleep ) . 
  i love this picture !, 
  it even has a gregg 's in the background . 
  thanks for being massive pissheads , europe . 
  do n't do it . 
  i got searched in keflavik ( near reykjavik ) airport . 
  it was just a spot check . 
  they even took a swab off my hands and belt , no idea why . 
  nothing happened , but just an example of how easy it could be to get caught . 
  amsterdam is a popular place for people to visit and as some drugs - mainly marijuana - are tolerated there the airport is obviously more suspicious of people carrying them on board . 
  the reason i 'm surprised is that free movement is a huge part of the eu and it was one of the biggest , if not the biggest , reasons people voted to leave in the uk . 
  i 'd expect the uk to be the top in here . 
  china . 
  it 's interesting , but not surprising , that immigration is the top concern . 
  i 'm surprised that there 's a lot of countries who see it more of a problem than the uk . 
  i tell every kid i see that santa is not real because i 'm a miserable bugger .
