  they just ask anyone if they want drugs . 
  i also had a similar experience in berlin . 
  i forgot the area name , but it has schwarzlicht minigolf . 
  that wud be grate but we are tu prowd tu chaing . 
  russia is sore that it 's not as powerful as it used to be and wants that back . 
  it 's really weird that someone from germany or france can get free university in scotland but someone from the rest of the uk ca n't . 
  on top of that there 's quite a lot of unitary authorities , which are towns and cities independent of a county . 
  i imagine very few people have been to every administrative division even just on the mainland . 
  i came back from holiday last week and went though a biometric passport control , as did almost every other eu passenger . 
  there was 1 lady assisting hundreds of people . 
  the border checks are very basic for people inside of the eu/eec . 
  they might do random checks and ask people their purpose for visiting , but i think that 's just `` routine '' . 
  it 's people from outside who have issues , with having to fill in forms and going through proper passport control . 
  [ salford precinct ] ( http://salfordonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/salford-shopping-city.png ) . 
  i was traumatised when a young child stole my # 1 from my tesco trolley , with a pair of piers , the time i went there . 
  it depends on the area . 
  in close knit communities there 's not a huge split but in larger and more diverse areas there 's much more of a split . 
  however , it 's generalising too much . 
  i know crazy and liberal old people , and bigoted and evil young people . 
  in the uk i 'd say the split is more about rural and urban than based on age , but unfortunately there 's a lot of bigotry in poorer urban areas . 
  on a similar note , if someone from an english speaking country spoke your language can you tell where they are from ? 
  an american , australian and english man ( this is n't a joke set up ! ), 
  all spoke german , can germans tell where they are from ? 
  i would n't be able to tell if someone was from france of belgium , or germany or austria . 
  that we are all racist bigots . 
  only 52 % of us are . 
  welsh is an indo-european language . 
  i think in some regions the nhs struggles just because of the demand . 
  i live in north east england and i have almost always been offered an appointment the next day or day after when needing to see a gp . 
  i had a minor operation a few years ago and it was done within 4 weeks , this was including the gp appointment , referral to a specialist , scan and then operation . 
  i could have had it done a lot sooner but i was able to pick the date . 
  it was also done on a sunday !, 
  the uk has one of the best healthcare systems in the world but it is not without it 's problems , such as the administrative side is a complete mess and some areas are still using paper based systems . 
  there 's also rationing ( or outright refusal ) of minor ailments like varicose veins or carpel tunnel treatments and people often have to go privately ( i.e. 
  pay ) for it to be done . 
  we also hear a lot about a `` post code lottery '' , where people in some areas can get access to certain treatment but in other areas people ca n't . 
  also waiting times are often higher in more densely populated areas . 
  also , from personal experience and friend/family experience , gps are kings and queens of fobbing people off with painkillers , but it 's probably because people go to the doctors way too much for issues they can treat themselves . 
  overall i am happy but there 's a niggle in the back of my mind that it 's going to get worse with the government we have now . 
  although i have not experienced it myself people always say turkey is quite bad for harassing women , especially if they 're on their own . 
  now i 've never heard people saying they 've been assaulted or anything but it appears that men there can make women feel extremely uncomfortable . 
  a friend of mine was grabbed in a market a few times but that was probably to get her attention to buy something . 
  people . 
  the top counties use languages that are relatively minor in the world so i guess it 's more of a necessity to learn english . 
  i 'm not patriotic . 
  sometimes i 'm the opposite and hate being british . 
  birmingham , the no go muslim zone . 
  the uk and the usa are two of the most influential nations in the world and much of the ( western , and bits of eastern ) culture owes something to the usa and uk . 
  it 's a weird king of friendly competition . 
  but we all know the uk is better simply because we do n't have trump ( i 'm joking ... or am i ? 
  success should n't be about economy and money . 
  i think the most successful societies are the ones where people are the happiest ... that almost also ways includes the nordic countries , you buggers !, 
  it 's not a recent discovery but my most recent band is samaris from iceland . 
  i love all 3 of their albums but silkidrangar is my favourite . 
  they 've just released an english language album called black lights which is also amazing . 
  what 's happened is that these comedies , although absolute classics , are not aging well in the way that they do n't appeal to modern ( young ) audiences . 
  all people want now is to watch miranda fall over in front of an attractive man and laugh our heads of at it ... 
  black mirror is great . 
  i 'm delighted netflix has picked it up , but again by the looks of the previews it 's going to be more catered towards a us audience than the previous series . 
  comedy panel shows are great and they rarely seem to translate to other cultures , at least the format we have . 
  oh i 'm not blaming the usa here , some stuff from the states is great . 
  however , the uk is losing some of its balls . 
  my mother is fine . 
  yes , indeed . 
  edited the post a little . 
  british entertainment is great and i think we make some of the best tv and music in the world , but i am starting to see a shift towards more commercial and `` americanised '' media comedy , for example . 
  i think we are losing touch . 
  we used to be great at it . 
  we used to be daring and controversial but things are starting to get a little watered down . 
  reality tv is everywhere . 
  it 's completely set up but the public ca n't seem to understand this . 
  it used to be good when it first came out but all it 's about now is watching people argue , shag or sing someone elses song . 
  the uk film industry is fast becoming merged with hollywood . 
  i often ca n't tell if a film is from a hollywood studio or a british one . 
  similarly , british music was at one time the best in the world but now it 's getting filtered out by this american pop/r & b sound . 
  i think major labels are scared to take risks these days because people do n't buy music any more so they want instant success rather than gradual success aiming for long term popularity . 
  of course , i am just talking about the typical day-to-day stuff here . 
  underground and cult entertainment is always different . 
  i generally listen to european music and watch european cinema these days ( but i do still like a good chunk of us and uk stuff ) . 
  i guess you are referring to free movement of goods meaning that things are n't checked at customs like they are if they are ordered from outside of the eu ? 
  people love supporting scottish independence , which itself would split up a union that is over 300 years old , but the uk wanting to be independent of the eu is heavily frowned upon and the uk has been given a lot of stick for it . 
  i do n't think scotland will gain independence and brexit wo n't make much of a difference . 
  it 'll have pushed sway voters but not many . 
  the 3 countries in the uk ( except england , and adding london because it pretty much is a separate country ) have their own governments/assemblies now so they are on the road to much greater and better autonomy . 
  scottish law is also quite different to english in many ways . 
  i wished we 'd have stayed in the eu but what 's done is done . 
  but either way if scotland becomes independent or not it will be a peaceful process . 
  in the uk , because we never agree on anything , some people do and some people do n't . 
  it 's not as popular now as it once was , though . 
  its always awkward here because there is no standard and i 'm never sure he what to do if someone kisses me ... do i kiss them back ? 
  there is no corruption in our government * * survey conducted by the uk government . 
  does lars von trier count ? 
  i love his films , despite wanting to kill myself after watching them . 
  great , depressive director . 
  german films are my favourites . 
  was it popular in germany ? 
  other mentions would be goodbye lenin and dad experiment . 
  i generally love european cinema , though . 
  pan 's labyrinth is one of the best films ever made . 
  german films are my favourites .
