  i like the bbc but i find myself using it less and less to the point where i could quite comfortably cancel my licence fee and stick with on demand services ( except iplayer , of course ) . 
  as for the future , i think the bbc will cut back a lot . 
  it 's already moved one service , bbc three , fully online . 
  i 've visited sachsenhausen outside of berlin and that 's horrible enough , but auschwitz i and birkenau are truely horrific . 
  i still get a bit numb thinking about it . 
  i think every kid in a country involved in the war should visit a concentration camp just to learn about the horrors . 
  am i allowed to say auschwitz ? 
  it 's a horrible reminder of what humanity is capable of and puts life into perspective . 
  it 's obviously not a nice place to visit , like visiting venice or paris , but a place i think everyone should visit at least once in their life . 
  controversial . 
  have you looked at the logistics of moving ? 
  the biggest one being getting a visa to move . 
  it 's not possible just to get up and move to another country unless you are rich . 
  the general population do n't care too much but the authorities are starting to crack down on it in the uk . 
  some people get sued by companies who own the copyright of the media ( particularly porn ones because people are too embarrassed to fight the case that they just pay ) . 
  the government was to raise the sentence to a maximum of 10 years for sharing copyrighted material . 
  they have also sent `` blacklists '' to online advertising agencies so they stop providing adverts to sites that allow people to download . 
  some isps also now issue warnings to people caught downloading copyrighted material . 
  i predict in a few years it will be a criminal offence to download , whereas now it 's only a civil one where you can be sued but not sent to jail . 
  it depends on which nation of the uk you live in . 
  england : students get loans to cover their course and living costs . 
  these are government loans and only paid back once you are earning more than a certain amount ( around # 21,000 ) and get written off in certain circumstances ( such aa turning 65 ) . 
  you pay 9 % of your income over that amount . 
  some courses are free and students get bursaries paid to them for living costs . 
  these are mainly health care ones funded by the nhs ( but some have gone to the loan system this year , which is silly ) . 
  fees did n't exist , then they were introduced at just over # 1,000 a year and recently gone up to # 9,000 !, 
  so the average course is now # 27,000 . 
  scotland : university courses are free for anyone living in scotland ( and has lived there for at least 3 years , maybe 2 ? ) . 
  loans are given for living costs but there are grants available for certain circumstances ( scotland has a good deal for university ) . 
  wales and northern ireland : fees are lower than in england but i believe ( someone please correct me of i am wrong ) that it works in the same way as england with loans , only they are lower and grants are also available . 
  i believe that students from these areas also get help with paying fees if they go to an english university so will essentially pay less than english students . 
  of course , some students get help from their family or get a part time job . 
  part time jobs are common and university towns and cities have lots of part time jobs for students . 
  also , any student in the eu can go to an other eu university and has to be offered the same fees as local residents . 
  so , for example , if a french person went to a scottish university it would be free for that french person . 
  it can be both ways . 
  `` will will write a will '' is asking a question ( would end ? 
  of course ) `` will will write a will '' is saying he is going to write one . 
  but ... 
  but ... how do they say things like `` we have 5 black people and 3 east asian people working for our company so we 're diverse '' like they do in the uk ? 
  almost everything you apply for within the uk asks for your ethnicity and sometimes it 's completely irrelevant . 
  race does n't matter but i think collecting stats about race makes it matter more than it should . 
  maybe france have it right . 
  yes , you are right , quite a lot more actually ( google did n't show me france in the list i checked !, 
  constantly . 
  he 's sat next to me now but only i can see him . 
  but really , i see black people daily . 
  i live in a shit area of the uk but there 's quite a bit of diversity . 
  there 's a bigger black population now than there was before , to the point where african and caribbean shops and restaurants are opening up . 
  i believe that the uk has ( edit ) one of the biggest black population in europe so that 's no real surprise . 
  will will write a will . 
  english can be weird . 
  it can be understood through tough thorough thought , though . 
  i am british and i usually call them tortilla wraps , or just shortened to wrap . 
  is n't that what they 're called ? 
  what are they called where you are from / u/firnin ? 
   ben  max  poppy  alf  charlie  sam/sammy  rex  bob/bobby  daisy  jack apart from rex , it looks like a list of baby names . 
  who would name their dog `` bob '' ? 
   firefly rip . 
  it 's really annoying how this show got cancelled . 
  wow . 
  very awkward . 
  nighty nighty , from the bbc . 
  it 's a dark comedy and i love it . 
  i miss proper dark , british comedy . 
  it 's all gone a bit bland now . 
  as for british representation in american media ( i assume you mean film and tv ) . 
  there 's a few stereotypes that i see time and time again in american films and tv . 
  the main ones are the gentlemanly `` posh '' man with floppy hair , the british gangster/thug , the crazy scottish person or a skinny man who is more evil than the devil . 
  it gets a bit boring but i do n't think representations of `` true brits '' would be appealing in a film . 
  i do n't know what to feel with this . 
  like with the eu referendum , opinion is split almost in half so whatever the outcome nearly half the population are going to be disappointed . 
  ideally i 'd want ~ ~ to get the entire british empire back , rule britannia ! ~ ~ the uk to stay as it is and remain in the eu but that 's not going to happen . 
  i 'm a bit angry the eu referendum results were so close . 
  i want to remain in the eu so if it was something like 75 % wanted to leave then i would be more accepting of the result , but there was less than 4 % in it . 
  i think the same thing would happen with another scottish referendum so half the population are going to be pissed off either way . 
  i 'm from the north east of england , which heavily votes to leave the eu because it 's full of bigots , and it will probably lose out the most when we do leave ... 
  i ca n't say for definite because i do n't live in the usa but from what i read i 'd vote democrats . 
  this is kind of by default for not agreeing with a lot of republican policies ( especially current ones by trump ) . 
  no i never . 
  i said it weird to unnecessarily chop off part of a sex organ . 
  in my experience people here think anyone with any kind of middle eastern or indian appearance is muslim . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  for the rare occasions foreign language tv and film are shown in the uk they are subtitled . 
  we are getting better at screening foreign tv and sometimes it 's quite popular . 
  dubbing is awful . 
  i do n't know how people can handle it , but i guess there 's no choice sometimes . 
  there are welsh and scottish gaelic tv channels here and they are usually subtitled , but cartoons are often dubbed . 
  some adverts are dubbed and it 's weird . 
  the worst ones are american ones dubbed with a british accent and it looks odd . 
  where 's the double standard ? 
  i said the same thing for men and women . 
  only if there 's a medical requirement . 
  i think they will but it 's shitty timing wanting it when the uk leaves the eu . 
  it 'll put even less trust in the country - especially if scotland do vote to leave - and just make it worse for everyone . 
  i think scotland should be given a second referendum but not that soon . 
  perhaps 2 or 3 years following brexit . 
  the whole mess is cameron 's fault . 
  may is just in charge of cleaning up the mess , but will inevitably create more mess in doing that . 
  he should never have offered the eu referendum in the first place .
