which high school makes it mandatory to read the bible as literature ? 
  that 's pretty hard to believe , especially the implication that you had to read it . 
  i went to both private catholic school and public school , and neither one forced me to read the bible . 
  you must have either taken an elective or gone to a weird school district . 
  i 'd like an answer to this . 
  would like to know which public school district is forcing kids to read the bible . 
  otherwise i 'll take this claim with a grain of salt . 
  why would one have to enter a mosque to learn about islam ? 
  it 's like this thread is in the pre-digital age and we do n't have hd virtual tours of much older , more historically important mosques . 
  kids who do n't want to enter a religious place of worship should n't be forced . 
  i think people need to start thinking about rights for us atheists the way that theists have rights . 
  we should n't be forced to be exposed to religion that we think is poisonous . 
  there is no knowledge which can only be imparted in a mosque that ca n't be imparted in a classroom . 
  hope the school district continues to fight this and attract more bad pr . 
   and you seem to forget children 's rights too . 
  no parent should withhold education from their children . 
  why does your entire post act like these parents were depriving their children of an education ? 
  they took their kid out for one day for a very specific reason , a kid who apparently otherwise attends class . 
  that is n't an issue , it 's a red herring justification to illogically punish these parents for defying the school . 
  this law should n't be used against concerned parents who do n't want their kids exposed to religion , or who think that islam creates an unsafe environment and do n't want their kids around it . 
  that 's not just . 
   yeah , if you believe nutjobs like trump europe is on the brink of chaos . 
  i can however assure you that this is completely wrong . 
  i bet you were assuring plenty of people before the gang rapes and terrorist attacks . 
  nobody cares for empty assurances anymore , only results . 
  nice . 
  i 'm glad you 're accepted in the netherlands . 
  tbh i 've never heard too many complaints about the dutch outside of fringe politicians and zwarte pete celebrations . 
  is n't it possible that no amount of government intervention and social condition can change this ? 
  it 's human psychology . 
  the group that does n't look like them wo n't be treated the same . 
  they look different and many follow a different religion than most germans . 
  generally people treat those who look , sound and act like them as `` one of us '' , whereas everyone else is viewed as different . 
  we might just have to admit that no matter how much social conditioning we attempt , the average german who looks like their ancient germanic ancestors will never see a turk as german . 
  i seriously doubt any german would feel like a turk if they moved to turkey , and no turkish government agency would try to make something that impossible a goal . 
   so that parents ca n't push their view on their children . 
  so instead of imparting a parent 's opinion , the state will decide what they will believe ? 
  fuck that . 
  yeah sorry , your views simply are n't compatible with mine . 
  i see something massively wrong with this , and you do n't . 
  to each his own , but it could never be me arguing that the government takes precedent in teaching their children morals over parental rights . 
  seeing this is a massive eye-opener for me about european attitudes . 
  a lot of things suddenly makes sense . 
   and do you really think there is any religious indoctrination going on at a field trip in a group under supervision of one or two teachers ? 
  religious normalization is indoctrination to me . 
  by pretending all religions are essentially the same and normal , europeans let in a million people with incompatible values , whom they believed were just like them . 
  and we can see how that worked out . 
  google will pull out of germany before giving their algorithm to merkel . 
  that 's the backbone of all of their revenue and must be confidential . 
  disclosing these closely-held trade secrets is not an option for any us tech company . 
  if she actually tried to do this , i could see real diplomatic and economic consequences for germany . 
  google and facebook hold a lot of sway with our politicians . 
  a precedent like this would jeopardize trillions in market cap in the us markets . 
   an atheist does not have a religion and thus can not be subjected to religious violations . 
  you sure can . 
  i 'm an atheist who dislikes islam and religion in general . 
  everything that needs to be known about islam can be taught in the classroom . 
  sending them to a mosque is an attempt to normalize the violence inherent in islam and the resulting brutality . 
  that 's what i believe , and my children will never enter a mosque , no matter what the state says . 
   sorry , but this is like saying you do n't want the concept of sex forced on your kids until they are adults . 
  they can learn about god just fine from me at home . 
  the schools can teach them about religion at school . 
  the purpose of sending them to a mosque is to normalize religious behavior . 
  they can see mosques just fine in pictures or videos . 
  attendance is just pro-religious propaganda . 
  do whatever you wish with your children . 
  mine are staying home and learning the truth behind religion and islam . 
   religion exists so they need to learn about it and understand whats going on , they can learn about it just fine in school or online . 
  they do n't need to enter a place of worship to learn about religion . 
  obviously . 
  you send your kids to the mosque all you want , i 'm keeping mine home . 
   you can keep a sick kid home and you can ask the school if the kid can stay home for a lot of reasons . 
  i personally skipped tons of school and my parents got never fined , because they are n't retarded enough to call the school and tell them their ideology prevents me from attending class . 
  so it makes sense to fine someone merely because instead of lying , they told the truth ? 
  makes sense ( in germany , nowhere else though ), 
  who said we 're having weddings at a church ? 
  here in america , most of the weddings i 've attended have been at historical houses or vineyards . 
  i have a large family and have never attended a church wedding . 
  wow , the eu really wants more countries exiting . 
  they did n't learn their lesson on immigration with the brexit , they 're still pursuing this policy of threats and pressure . 
  tell italy to keep their refugees . 
  you ferry them here , they 're your problem . 
  the cost of your irresponsible behavior should n't be paid by other countries . 
   that is truancy . 
  it really is n't . 
   why this is n't obvious to the germans ? 
  because we have different laws and different priorities ? 
  you ca n't just take your kid out of school . 
  it 's a ridiculous , draconian law that will only humiliate the school . 
  parents should be allowed to pull their kids out of class without making them truant . 
  in american we 're only truant if the parents do n't give their permission . 
  it seems many other countries are this way . 
  as an atheist , i considering being forced to enter a religious place of worship to be a religious violation . 
  we do n't believe in that shit , so why normalize it with the kids ? 
  religion is poison and i want my kids to stay clear . 
  i do n't want them listening to some imam who lies to them about these poisonous religious beliefs . 
  that 's inculcation to me . 
  can you be tolerant and respect my decision or not ? 
  because they usually interact with the religious figure who heads those places of worship , who will talk about god . 
  i do n't want the concept of god forced on my kids , at least until they 're adults .
