  do n't worry , we 're exporting the post-fact thing to europe . 
  enjoy president trump !, 
  lol, 
  is that the alhambra in the ~ ~ cordoba ~ ~ granada picture ? 
  never seen it from above . 
  so beautiful . 
  i love the radial pattern of older european cities , as opposed to the grid pattern of american cities . 
  southern spain looks so much like central and interior california . 
  iberia in general has a ridiculous amount of potential that is n't being realized . 
  erdogan does n't understand how this works . 
  those comments will just send the lira tumbling as confidence is lost , causing more people to convert to dollars to retain the purchasing power in their savings . 
  it 's going to be ugly if the turkish economy collapses while millions of new immigrants look for work , not to mention the kurdish situation . 
  i 'm curious why ngos have a good reputation . 
  at their essence , many seem to be foreign lobbying organizations pushing an agenda . 
  the immigration ones should be banned . 
  no foreign country/billionaire should have any say in the immigration policies of a sovereign nation . 
  i realize europe wants clarity on this , but it 's not to our advantage to provide one too early . 
  at least not in public . 
  i do n't want us to lock ourselves into either a carrot or stick policy too early . 
  let the russians guess how we 'll respond . 
  besides , even if trump did issue a clear position , do n't count on anything . 
  he 's totally unpredictable . 
  just overturned 37 years of one china policy at a whim . 
  do n't expect anything . 
  damned women and their rights , blowing everything out of proportion !, 
  the corporate left has found their new favorite bogeyman : fake news . 
  they think it 's responsible for the turn to populism , while ignoring the underlying problems of stagnant wages , illogical immigration policies , and a well-founded lack of trust in the established media . 
  it 's time for more introspection and less scapegoating . 
  silicon valley was created because the talent/capital is nearby and a supportive government did n't get in their way . 
  you ca n't just create a silicon valley through government regulation . 
  if the eu really wants to create one , you need a few universities with massive endowments to do expensive research , and some incentives for private equity investors to locate nearby so that these ideas can get funded . 
  the seed money is almost as important as the ideas . 
  no surprise that vienna remains the biggest bargain around . 
  there must not be much to do there ... or something . 
  it 's always rated as among the best cities and best countries in the world . 
  so why is it cheap ? 
  what 's the deal with amsterdam ? 
  it seems like an incredible value if that rental price is reflective of real estate prices . 
  that city is supposed to be a pretty great place to live . 
  madrid too , although the economy in spain holds it back . 
  prague has always looked like a bargain to me , and i 've been following it for a while . 
  super close to germany and the city looks pretty nice . 
  it comes from people who believe there is a potentially good outcome here . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's just a choice of which bad outcome is most humane . 
  no matter which faction wins , there will be a reckoning with many on the losing side dead . 
  that 's the sad reality . 
  with the other alternatives to assad being `` moderate islamist '' rebels and isis , many will choose assad merely for being somewhat less religious and more stable than the other two . 
  as an american , i could n't agree more . 
  the times is rotten fishwrap . 
   basically , gmo labeling is the ` evolution is just a theory ' of food labels . 
  i literally just said that i do n't like gmos because i do n't like big agra 's business practices and harassment of farmers , and you come back with this pre-loaded , stock reply . 
  anyway thanks for telling me that my objection to big business is the same as rejecting evolution . 
  if someone wants to die , why stand in their way ? 
  assuming it 's not a treatable mental illness , ie depression , let him end it on his own terms . 
  most do n't bother with spanish hence they do n't integrate . 
  i met a few who have been living in spain for 20 years and can barely say hola . 
  they live in english communities instead of mingling with the locals the first one makes sense . 
  not many people are realistically going to learn a foreign language past 60 years old . 
  the second one i do n't get , unless it 's related to # 1 . 
  americans do the same thing in mexico , but mainly because of safety issues and low english proficiency . 
  spain is a first-world country with low crime and interesting culture/people . 
  and do n't many of them speak english ? 
  so why do brits stay in their enclaves ? 
  we gave in as a compromise . 
  food producers did n't want to make 50 different labels for every state 's individual regulations . 
  but voters in many states were n't backing down . 
  so obama did the sensible thing and required digital labeling , with standards under one federal department . 
  france and other eu countries could do this too , since most people have access to smart phones now . 
  it would n't hurt producers in terms of additional cost , since there is no physical labeling , and it gives consumers more knowledge . 
  personally i think gmos will win out . 
  they 're too valuable and efficient to lose . 
  but we need to protect concerned consumers , whether they doubt the science or just hate monsanto 's business practices . 
  this is a reasonable compromise . 
   but no , you do n't have a right to have products labelled just because you dislike a certain company or system , not unless it is unsafe . 
  i think you mean that i do n't have the moral right to demand it . 
  because every country has the legal right to require labeling on whatever is deemed necessary . 
  the new law is great : it does n't require print labeling , but digital labeling with easy scan on smart phones ( almost everyone who cares about this issue has one now anyway ) . 
  it 's a good compromise so that food producers do n't have to deal with 50 different laws . 
  personally , once again , i support scientific advance of seeds . 
  just not predatory corporate practices against marginal farmers who barely get by . 
  when they cease acting like assholes towards anyone who dares find a patented seed inadvertently take root in their fields , i 'll go back and buy gmos . 
   yes , i realise anti-science views are trending in america , the election of donald trump made that pretty clear . 
  this has nothing to do with science for a lot of people . 
  many do n't want to support big agriculture -- monsanto . 
  they have patents on seeds and use hostile methods to harass and sue farmers whose fields are contaminated with its seeds . 
  i actually think gmo seeds are better than normal , but do n't support big agra . 
  you really should keep up on this issue and not just repeat what you 've heard . 
  also , we won since gmo labeling is now federal law . 
  and trump or not , our country will continue to be the the global leader in science , medicine and technology . 
  sucks for the anti-american crowd , but them 's the breaks . 
   american regulation is luckily not determined by whatever joe sixpack wants at that moment in time . 
  um , the us mandated gmo labeling . 
  this happened months ago . 
  were you aware of that or ... ? 
   a bill that creates a federal labeling standard for foods containing genetically modified ingredients ( commonly called gmos ) was signed into law by president barack obama today . 
  http://abcnews.go.com/us/obama-signs-bill-mandating-gmo-labeling/story?id=41004057 it puts a national standard on gmo labeling , of which i approve . 
  a simple , free smart phone app will be able to tell consumers anything containing a gmo , when the law is enacted . 
  so consumer choice is costing you ? 
  too bad .
