  google purchasing power parity for an explanation as to why the uk 's gdp has n't fallen at all due to currency prices . 
  we can look at what 's happening and prognosticate . 
  if the attacks continue , anti-islam laws ( like the burka/burkini ban , minaret ban , etc. ), 
  will continue to be enacted as european people lose sympathy for muslims . 
  rights are really only as good as the muscle willing to defend them . 
  these laws will be justified as preservation of culture or simply on security grounds . 
  once islam loses critical support after poisoning europeans against it , curbing it will become the consensus . 
  there really is no other way . 
  the attacks also cause non-muslims to be suspicious of muslims . 
  they will be even less likely to be employed , or given any opportunities at all , as resentment against them grows . 
  that will exacerbate tensions . 
  it 's happened this way in almost every case where large groups of muslims live next to non-muslims . 
  ultimately it ends either in the islamization of the state ( impossible in europe ) , or in civil war , or in the partition of the state between muslims and non-muslims . 
  there are no good endings here because ultimately far too many muslims do not respect the choice of nonbelievers . 
  a dangerously high percentage of them do n't believe in live-and-let-live philosophies . 
   german cars are good , they were being imported for a reason . 
  if british cars were awesome you would n't need to erect import barriers through a currency devaluation i completely agree . 
  that 's why i think you guys should sign a free trade agreement . 
  i would n't classify currency devaluation as an erected import barrier . 
  britain did n't cause their currency to devalue from some monetary policy shift . 
  it was a consequence of the brexit . 
  blame market forces and global currency traders . 
  the government ca n't penalize him for not standing . 
  see my reply . 
  civil vs criminal . 
  maher ca n't be put in jail for what he says , only a monetary settlement . 
  i 'm familiar with the speech laws of just about every country in europe . 
  if you 're going to talk about the us legal system , know the basics . 
  wow . 
  people still do n't know that we have civil lawsuits ? 
  it 's civil , not criminal . 
  he could only be monetarily penalized , and the burden of proof is insanely high . 
  unlike germany , where this comedian technically faced jail . 
  edit - i just realized half of the people here do n't know the difference . 
  discussing the law here is hopeless . 
   why would it be good ? 
  because imports come right off the top of a country 's gdp . 
  by decreasing imports and buying domestic products , it boosts gdp . 
  hence why we 're in an economic era where most countries are trying to devalue their currency . 
  see competitive devaluation . 
  example : by buying german cars , you 're sending your cash overseas to employ germans . 
  by buying british cars , that money is staying at home , used to employ more brits . 
  since britain imports more than they export from europe , this will benefit them . 
  which is why i do n't understand the folks who want to punish britain by ending free trade . 
  it wo n't be britain who suffers most , it will be continental workers whose companies sell to britain . 
   hopefully this reaches all the people who had their panties in a giant twist over free speech when this affair started . 
  it 's amazing to me how cavalier people are in dismissing free speech . 
  `` oh , someone was charged for making a joke ? 
  oh well '' that he even had to go through this process in a western country is an insult . 
  no reason ? 
  many view the symbolic importance of prosecution as an attack on personal liberty . 
  a man was put through a farcical trial for insulting a foreign head of state . 
  his personal liberty was violated badly . 
  would n't you feel differently if it were you on trial ? 
   the question is then whether this is sustainable once increased import costs begin to bite . 
  that 's one of the biggest stimulating effects of currency devaluation . 
  the whole point is to make import costs bite so that people will buy domestic products . 
  it has always amazed me how the remainers have been allowed to sail along without being challenged on their faulty macroeconomics . 
  b-b-but our currency will fall !, 
  yeah , that 's a good thing . 
  meanwhile europe has a huge , clumsy one-size-fits-all currency that retards growth in countries that should be devaluing . 
  yeah , it 's as if nearly every single country on earth fails to integrate this particular group . 
  hmmm ... . 
   we do n't exist for economics you know ? 
  let the robots make everything i do n't give a fuck . 
  but economics dictates what you can pay for , which is crucial for everything . 
  you can only tax what 's there , you can only buy what you can afford . 
  why import people who have zero chance of employment ? 
  you 're literally bringing in people to send them straight to benefits for life due to lack of anything else for them to do . 
  how many dependents are each worker supposed to pay for with tax dollars , and why should they ? 
  then what are you talking about ? 
  what does the us military have to do with hungary 's army repelling a fictional invasion ? 
  what you wrote does n't make any sense . 
  have a nice day . 
  more propaganda from this financially failing rag . 
  ca n't wait until they go bankrupt . 
  `` you are n't having enough babies , so let in migrants to demographically replace you . 
  but hey , at least your country will have marginal economic growth . '', 
  robotics are already here . 
  these laborers are having their jobs cut as we speak . 
  5 million jobs in america are being eliminated due to robotics over the next 5 years . 
  it makes no sense anymore to bring in people for unskilled labor jobs . 
  they wo n't even have the possibility of being employed !, 
  so what 's the rationale for this ? 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-18/rise-of-the-robots-will-eliminate-more-than-5-million-jobs https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/54a8je/as_our_jobs_are_automated_some_say_well_need_a/, 
  you should look up the history of warfare and see what happens when large groups of untrained people try to take on much smaller foreign armies . 
  the hungarians would n't suffer a single casualty . 
  hell , the soldiers of ww1 could n't even advance with the same weaponry that the enemies had , such is the advantage of defending an entrenched position with guns . 
  it would n't come to that though . 
  this is just military porn talk . 
  sounds reasonable to me . 
  but will anyone consider this idea or just label this guy `` literally hitler '' and dismiss out of hand ? 
  we are all romanians today . 
  * changes flair to romania *, 
  let 's test out these arguments with numbers . 
  tunisia 's entire governmental revenue is $ 11.89 bn . 
  with a $ 16.2 tr economy like the eu 's , you could double their government revenue next year without feeling it . 
  how many governments would turn down that offer , if you reimbursed them expenses of housing a drastically reduced number of migrants ? 
  the cost savings alone from decreased immigration would more than pay for it . 
  this proposal makes infinitely more sense .
