  but they can halt crucial eu progress like armies and coast guard , prolonging a political crisis for other countries . 
  during brexit people thought the eu held all the cards during the divorce proceedings . 
  turns out that a tail with veto power really does wag the dog . 
  if catalonia wants to secede , they should be allowed to vote on it . 
  what 's the point of holding a large cultural group of people against their will ? 
  if a state wanted to secede here , i 'd say the same . 
  an actual anglophone union ... jesus that would be amazing . 
  imagine free immigration . 
  would n't dublin be a natural successor if it were to move ? 
  i guess new york is more efficient , but you 'd think they 'd feel pride about keeping it in the eu . 
  plus the financial talent in london is english-speaking . 
  not all of them will know fluent german/french . 
   anticipating nimby resistance , castro last month threatened to sue suburban landlords for discrimination if they refuse even section 8 tenants with criminal records . 
  and last year , he implemented a powerful new regulation -- `` affirmatively furthering fair housing '' -- that pressures all suburban counties taking federal grant money to change local zoning laws to build more low-income housing ( landlords of such properties are required to accept section 8 vouchers ) . 
  http://nypost.com/2016/05/08/obamas-last-act-is-to-force-suburbs-to-be-less-white-and-less-wealthy/ it will never happen so long as people have a choice where they live . 
  better to forego federal money than admit criminals . 
  this was n't even passed by congress , obama did another autocratic executive order . 
  he really is a piece of shit . 
  it 's going straight to court when they try to enforce it . 
  edit - just checked . 
  they had pilot programs in a few counties , and now one is refusing hud money . 
  yep . 
  obama started some hud database . 
  though it looks like his term will run out before he can implement it . 
  it 's yet another attempt at forced integration where there is no common culture or socioeconomic links . 
  but it will end exactly the same way as all the other attempts : whites move and the ethnic enclave forms . 
  they tried the same with me when i was in school . 
  it was called busing . 
  they used buses to take whites from better areas and bus them into majority black schools , and vice versa . 
  whites complained that their children were n't benefiting . 
  then blacks complained that the 1hr + bus rides in seattle rush hour were too burdensome , and that their children performed even worse . 
  they scrapped it . 
  but there will never be a shortage of government nitwits who think forced integration will lead to utopia . 
  i 'm not aware of any other race that thinks it 's wrong to live around people who look and/or act like them . 
  you go to japan , as advanced and polite as they are , they do n't want to live around anyone but japanese . 
  same is true in china . 
  same in korea . 
  same for the tribes of africa . 
  europe and the us are the only places where this is viewed as wrong . 
  as we 've learned from white flight here in the us , trying to force different ethnic groups together on the basis of skin color will be a failure . 
  it has to happen organically and is usually based on socioeconomic/cultural similarities . 
  hence why us whites and asians usually prefer to live together despite being different ethnicities . 
  the government ca n't force it . 
  the anti-brexit crowd takes yet another blow . 
  i think most brexiters knew this was bullshit anyway . 
  there is nothing in macroeconomic theory to suggest a recession merely due to a brexit . 
  looks like those racist old people knew a lot more than the elite educated millennials about how the economy works . 
  some of those countries could literally have their budgets doubled or tripled by a relatively small amount of cash by the eu . 
  the eu could make a government like tunisia wealthy . 
  second , as the australians found out , the number of migrants dropped by over 90 % . 
  i think it 's only a few thousand per year now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution#/media/file:boatarrivals.gif when implemented , it drops to only a few hundred people . 
  when not implemented , it ballooned to tens of thousands . 
  good of you to point that out . 
  ibadis , ahmadiyya , sufis , and quranists are n't joining . 
  shia are fighting them . 
  this depravity arose from sunni islam . 
  any poles are welcome here in the states . 
  i 've encountered a few polish immigrants at school or at university , and they 've been outstanding people . 
  all they wanted to do was get an education , work hard and integrate . 
   silencing people who have opposing opinion is also characteristic of dictatorships . 
  who is silencing them ? 
  i 'm criticizing their antidemocratic basis for protest , learn the difference . 
  i think these protestors want may to ignore the will of the voters . 
  for those people , especially the ones who agreed that the referendum would be decisive and then did a u-turn when the polls closed , they are antidemocratic shitheads who should go live in a non-democracy . 
   so it 's valid for people to change their mind every 20 years . 
  it 's probably valid to change your mind whenever the law allows . 
  realistically you should wait until society fundamentally changes , either in attitude or demographics . 
  or you risk getting the same result and the populace tires of the process . 
  trying to overturn a referendum months after it was done , without even holding another , is anti-democratic . 
  you can say `` this is wrong '' , which is different than lobbying the government to overturn popular will . 
  why even have a democracy at that point ? 
  they hold plenty of fraudulent voting exercises in other countries , those people should use their passports and move there . 
  iran and belarus come to mind . 
   no , i do not respect majority . 
  i will protest against majority whenever i think they are wrong . 
  what exactly do you expect to come of it ? 
  you ca n't tell people for a whole year that this referendum is decisive , and then when you do n't get the outcome you want , it 's scrapped . 
  that 's a characteristic of the worst dictatorships and essentially negates the whole purpose of democracy . 
  it appears people have changed their minds . 
  hell , if you hold another referendum in 20 years and they want back in , then that 's their will . 
   that 's not particularly inkeeping with the whole democracy thing though , is it ? 
  what 's not inkeeping with democracy is to say for a whole year `` this referendum will decide whether we stay or leave '' and then say `` whoops , you chose wrong , now let 's do something else . '', 
  very north korea like in fact . 
  if the popular will is n't enforced on something as simple as a yes/no referendum , then it 's a sham democratic process . 
  lol obama . 
  acting like he 's not a lame duck and that people will care what he thinks after nov 8 . 
  just endure his buffoonery and wait it out a few months for a new president . 
  the guardian is so desperate . 
  how much longer can this rag survive losing 100k per day ? 
  ca n't wait for it to go bankrupt . 
  what does a candidate have to do with a referendum ? 
  referendums are decisions about one topic at a single moment in time , whereas politicians can be opposed at any time . 
  we even have an impeachment process which can be used at any time for almost any reason . 
  that 's the process . 
  this thread has nothing to do with protesting an elected official , it 's literally opposing to the will of the majority . 
  you respect the majority or you do n't . 
  and from what i 'm seeing , the british left does not respect the democratic process . 
   so in 2008 after you elected obama , should there never have been an election again ? 
  hahaha , so typical .
