  many proposed this at the time but for some reason were ignored . 
  also the eventual haphazard solution , building fences , disrupted the flow , which was compared to past human rights violations . 
  that worked to disrupt the flow through greece and the balkans . 
  fences do work , but once again , it was portrayed as something only heartless monsters would do . 
  then some people propose an australian-style system to avoid economic migrants , by paying a third country to house them ( but would , in reality , drop economic migration to near zero because the incentive is removed ) . 
  that , too , is called a human rights violation . 
  i mean , one ca n't dismiss every workable solution and then claim there was nothing the government could do . 
  many very workable solutions were proposed but none of them pursued in the misguided quest to look virtuous and multicultural . 
  logic . 
  the rules of automation dictate that workers will be replaced based on their skill levels , with manual labor going first . 
  this is forecast by numerous groups , including the latest un report on the global job losses from automation . 
  going forward , every country is going to want a high proportion of skilled workers , so that they have a tax base to support the people being put out of work . 
  inviting hundreds of thousands of people , most of whom can only do unskilled labor at best , is a disaster . 
  the pie will have to be cut into smaller pieces for poor native germans , to offset the costs of supporting unskilled , unemployable third world labor . 
  this will cause anger as more of the population is being replaced by automated processes , and as social benefits are cut to maintain taxes that wo n't cause a corporate exodus . 
  i do n't think germany will collapse tomorrow , or even on merkel 's watch . 
  long-term , this just is n't good . 
  the unskilled portion of the population will balloon as a proportion to tax-paying wage earners and corporate taxpayers , not just from immigration but from much higher birth rates . 
  it just seems inevitable to me . 
  i 'm only surprised that others ca n't see it as well . 
  you want to concentrate as much wealth around native populations as you can , because what 's coming will cause immense social upheaval . 
   it is related insofar as saying that instability is not what merkel stands for . 
  if anything it is stability she stands for . 
  she can stand for it all she wants , her actions will not produce stability with respect to her immigration policies . 
  seems to be doing the opposite all over europe . 
  i can think of at least 3 empires off the top of my head that seemed really stable before they collapsed . 
  possessing stability over the good times is n't hard . 
   see my edit . 
  nationalities were reported in die zeit five days after the attacks . 
  sorry if this does not fit your narrative . 
  how convenient . 
  that was about 2 days after social media broke the story and nobody could deny it any longer . 
  this attempted revisionism is n't going to work on me , so do n't waste your time . 
   in other words , just as with the terror attacks in paris , the culprits in cologne were most likely homegrown `` foreigners . '' the real problem , the paper concluded , was likely `` failed integration '' -- german society 's failure to assimilate foreigners . 
   just hours after the article appeared , a police report on the assaults surfaced , revealing that many of the suspects were , in fact , refugees . 
   the german media 's timidity on the cologne sex assault coverage has presented right-wing agitators with a useful `` told you so '' moment . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/cologne-puts-germany-lying-media-press-on-defensive-migration-refugees-attacks-sex-assault-nye/ your thinking of the meaning of `` cover up '' is different than mine . 
  the cover up does n't mean that nobody reported about the sexual assaults , it means that the nature of the perpetrators were grossly mischaracterized . 
  idiots or just desperate ? 
  i 'm surprised italians are so patient . 
  there would be body parts strewn about the streets of new york if we had that level of unemployment . 
  us anglo union advocates are sitting here like ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  alabama is wealthier than the uk . 
  author is british btw . 
   why are you buying so much drugs ? 
  i do n't know . 
  we work too much and have too little time off , so we use chemicals . 
  plus the disaster `` war on drugs . '', 
  however even if you go farther south past where the drugs originate in peru and colombia , there is still astronomical violence . 
  brazil contains the most violent cities on earth outside of actual war zones . 
  it 's endemic to the americas for whatever reason . 
  go look at a map for homicide for the americas . 
  it fades as it goes north . 
  notice how it gets less near the poles , but bad north of chile/argentina and south of america/canada . 
  look at the caribbean . 
  this is n't just about murica and our guns and drugs . 
  it 's deeper than that . 
  http://www.geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/world-murder-rate-geocurrents-map.png edits - typos and adding map, 
  yeah , it has absolutely nothing to do with tens of millions coming here illegally and bringing drug trafficking gangs . 
  go look up the violence rates outside the cities ( and in the areas with the most guns per capita ) . 
  it 's similar to malta . 
  go look up the violence rates inside latin american countries . 
  they 're all the murder capitals of the world . 
  it 's incredibly cynical that this comes out now after her rape and murder . 
  as if banning the burqa would help any woman avoid this fate . 
  smart country . 
  they 'll be spared the inevitable horrors . 
  this is why i do n't understand the great concern with russia . 
  look at this graphic , russia is n't capable of doing what we fear . 
  yes , but to crack down on `` hate speech '' we have to violate our own constitution . 
  does every us website have to follow eu laws or else ? 
  does every website in japan , china , brazil also have to comply with eu law ? 
  imagine if the us threatened to cut off europe from our financial system unless they complied with our first amendment . 
  this is blackmail and sets a terrible precedent . 
  will china also get to blackmail social media ? 
  they already censor it , but why not just do what the eu does ? 
  demand that twitter censor all criticism of china `` or else '' . 
  this is the guardian , so i fully expect five star to win a landslide historic victory . 
  so what , the eu is going to shut down facebook if they do n't comply with foreign speech rules ? 
  the internet is supposed to be free . 
  does every foreign website have to obey this rule despite having completely different speech laws ? 
   the italian referendum has hardly anything to do with the eu and investors will probably realise that soon enough . 
  what about with respect to the italian banking system ? 
  i heard that there could be a banking collapse if this did n't pass . 
  what happens , then ? 
  they 're stuck in a currency that 's too strong for their stagnant economy . 
  they ca n't make reforms now , because the referendum was defeated . 
  do they dump the euro and go back to their old currency ? 
  i have a question . 
  if italy leaves the eu , what happens then ? 
  i mean , without britain and italy , where does that leave the eu in terms of future strategy and survival ? 
  yeah i 'd take him . 
  say what you want about him , he can tap into anger and get shit done . 
  look at the work he did in brexit and the trump campaign . 
  getting shit done is often underrated compared to pretty words and correct actions , but i know which i 'd rather have . 
  yourself . 
  it 's people like you , who spout of their opinions regardless of knowledge they have on an issue that have brought us the `` post-fact '' bs . 
  haha , wow i triggered a pole over ngos . 
  hilarious how over-the-top your post is . 
  especially with how many upvotes this received from other europeans ( sort by controversial , i had +5 not long ago . ),
