  what the flying fuck does that even mean ? 
  you have a referendum , you respect the result . 
  referendums are n't candidates , they do n't need to be reelected . 
  it 's over . 
  you either respect the majority 's will or you do n't . 
  all the butthurt downvotes in the world wo n't change that . 
   well , half of the populace ( maybe even more than half by the time it comes about ) 52-48 . 
  never heard such a bizarre argument before . 
  x referendum only won with votes from old voters who will probably die in a few years ... said nobody until the brexit . 
   `` i accept them , they accept me , and i do n't bother anybody . '' and in one sentence he describes the fundamental theory behind western secular democracy . 
  if the refugees were all like him , i 'd gladly welcome them here in america . 
  what is it that they want ? 
  do they want the democratic process overturned or ... ? 
  you had your chance to vote . 
  you lost . 
  overturning the referendum will result in the breakdown of belief in democracy . 
  would the eu really want them back after knowing that 52 % of the voters are being held in a union against their will ? 
  maybe having no sympathy is a reaction to having their sympathy cynically used against them last year . 
  that picture of the dead refugee child , exploited by human rights groups and the media to ultimately create a human rights disaster , has forced people to harden themselves against the whole thing . 
  it 's actually pretty shocking to see a portuguese arguing for his own ethnic cleansing . 
  wow . 
  the guilt-based advocacy groups really did a number on us . 
  lol she does this to fend off right-wing parties and save her political ass . 
  her greatest desire in the world is more immigrants . 
  if people would n't rebel , she 'd let them all in . 
  when she and her henchman knew of the new years day rapes , they tried to cover it up and continue as usual . 
  in order to let more in and avoid the political fallout . 
  this is self-defeating either way . 
  if the eu does n't collect the taxes , apple skates on taxes . 
  if they try to collect the taxes , ireland is no longer an attractive destination , therefore their gdp goes down , then comes the rise of unsustainable debt-to-gdp . 
  taxes must be collected to sustain member states . 
  what is the solution to this that does n't involve ireland 's demise ? 
  you call it vat and it 's a little different , but same concept . 
  you do know that most eu countries run big trade surpluses with us , right ? 
  so this whole attitude of `` if you do n't like it , do n't sell '' would actually hurt you much more than us . 
  last year we bought $ 155bn more from you than you bought from us . 
  that comes right off the top of our gdp and is added onto yours . 
  https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c0003.html like we can buy tesla and lexus instead of bmw and volkswagen . 
  it 's not much of a difference to us , but it would be a huge blow to some of your biggest industries . 
  i consider myself a student of that history . 
  i know all about nina and the know nothings , you do n't need to educate me . 
  we formed ethnic enclaves in eastern cities and even gangs . 
  but we ultimately assimilated and were n't a burden on the state . 
  there was no concept of taking on huge debts to fund welfare . 
  the welfare you reference is n't anything like the welfare today . 
  it 's unbelievably deceptive to compare the two . 
  proof : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-dqllajsayzg/tixbcr8afpi/aaaaaaaadiw/sdcqlfw-thm/s1600/2011-07-19_us_annual_gdp_national_debt_1791_now.png and we did n't even have a permanent income tax until the 1913 . 
  so it simply was n't possible to give people the benefits seen today . 
  if you disagree , at least give me a citation on what welfare you 're referring to so i can show you how incomparable it is to today 's welfare state . 
  bismark did n't create a modern welfare state until decades later , long before we did . 
  we did not have a deleterious effect on society . 
  yes , and you should get sales tax + some of the income tax . 
  but when we go heavily into debt to subsidize expensive universities , we have to get a return . 
  or we will be forced to cut education and there will be no more apples , facebooks , amazons , etc. 
  not to mention we wo n't have money to defend nato . 
  why does n't the eu do the turkey/australia thing with tunisia ? 
  their government only has $ 12bn in revenue . 
  if you kicked them $ 5bn a year + expenses they would probably do backflips . 
  all they 'd have to do is temporarily house refugees until libya is safe , and that money is peanuts to an economy like the eu . 
  actually i agree with what the eu did here . 
  my problem is that the money apple makes should be rightfully flowing into our coffers considering we 're the ones who built the company , educated their workforce , and subsidized internet technology . 
  our debt is spiraling out of control because our politicians allow this to continue . 
   will you give us some of your freedom if we dont play by your rules ? 
  but that aside , the notion that the us has to use hostility on a fragile eu is crazy . 
  just the mere act of giving great britain a disgustingly favorable trade agreement , perhaps much more favorable than terms offered to the eu , would embolden eurosceptics in a huge way . 
  it would n't take that much effort for someone like obama/shillary to fracture the union . 
  these tax breaks are perhaps the biggest incentive our president has to support the eu . 
  with that gone , i 'm not sure what policy washington will take now . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  i 'm a descendant of those catholics who came here in the 1850s . 
  first , there was nearly unlimited land in the west with population densities around 0 per sq km . 
  that meant that there was far , far more work than workers . 
  that 's where my family went . 
  second , we were english speaking , used to living under english law and rule . 
  third , catholicism is a different denomination to anglicanism , not a different faith entirely . 
  fourth , there was no welfare state . 
  we did n't come here and immediately become a fiscal calamity for the state . 
  we did not cover our women in sheets , nor did we see gang rape as a way to make women behave . 
  most of us assimilated and were physically and culturally indistinguishable from the native european-american population . 
  that comparison is ridiculous . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking too . 
  there is absolutely no conceivable way the eu survives this . 
  countries like poland and hungary will not accept the replacement of their own indigenous people with millions of migrants , no matter how dire the situation . 
  they 'll say `` this is an italian/eu/merkel problem , we 're out . '', 
  or they 'll simply ignore eu directives , driving fatal wedges between them and states that accept refugees and migrants . 
  the benefits of being in the eu will be dwarfed by the fear of self-inflicted ethnic cleansing . 
  if the eu wants to be preserved in its current form , an australian style system has to be implemented . 
  if you do n't like it , why did your country agree to laws that basically gave them years to leave . 
  i 'm going to be that guy right now . 
  * points to the fine print * it 's in the contract, 
  apparently this mob did n't get the message . 
   egypt : muslim mob attacks christians , parade naked woman http://bigstory.ap.org/article/0df5295f1c6849db98eb1e7ffe7c0338/muslim-mob-attacks-christian-homes-egyptian-province from this account , it appears you are wrong . 
  what stops the cafe from putting up signs that , while following the law , make it clear he hates islam ? 
  i mean if he put up geert wilders and le pen quotes along the walls , that would essentially accomplish what he wants without breaking the law . 
  hehe , good good . 
  you do n't have to use a gun for it to be effective . 
  i used it once to diffuse a potential altercation at a public beach . 
  some drunk prison-looking dude threatened us until i pulled a gun from a box . 
  always bring it to fend off bears and other wildlife . 
  he had no fight in him after seeing it .
