  in australia it decreased economic migrants by over 90 % . 
  they barely had anyone to pay for because most migrants left voluntarily after realizing they were n't getting in . 
  yes but we must control the flow . 
  for our own self-interest , even if it is n't fair , we must direct these flows away from our countries and into regions that have water . 
  the alternative is that we become like jews used to be in europe , a vulnerable minority in our own lands . 
  that ca n't happen at all cost . 
  i do n't feel like going the way of the native americans , ironic as that might seem . 
  you 're preaching to the choir . 
  completely agree . 
  your job is now to put band-aids on obama mistakes . 
  i wish we would help but this country is obsessed with importing as many migrants as possible . 
  the year you 've had this last year is the same we have every year for 40 years . 
  we do n't want it but our representative government forces it upon us . 
  i wish we would . 
  but everyone seems to love obama so he has political cover to do anything , at least internationally . 
  if only we had someone sane and moral leading the country , but that is impossible now . 
  hungary is the only country taking this seriously . 
  reality check time : what the fuck are you going to do when hundreds of millions of climate/economic refugees flood you after more inevitable ethnic/civil wars ? 
  syria had 18 million people . 
  egypt has 91 million people . 
  what happens when their water disappears and they all want to live in europe ? 
  what happens during a civil war where 91m people can claim asylum in europe ? 
  and god forbid if there is ever a conflict between india/pakistan/bangladesh . 
  suddenly 1.75 bn people will be eligible to be in europe under asylum laws . 
  and africa , let 's be honest , is a 1.2 bn person perpetual tinder box of conflict and refugees . 
  do you see where this is going ? 
  and those whom you let in , their birthrates will inevitably replace your people . 
  they do n't believe in birth control , so you will be overwhelmed . 
  under your laws , the europeans are one mega conflict away from a migration catastrophe . 
  the loss of life just getting to europe will be unimaginable . 
  are you really going to hastily dismiss the only system proven to avoid this tragic outcome ? 
  maybe australia will truly be the last bastion of western culture . 
  they seem to be the only ones interested in self-preservation . 
   i do n't know how it is in the us , but it probably involves a lot of suing each others asses . 
  not at all . 
  you do n't help , absolutely nothing happens to you . 
  you ca n't just sue for anything you feel like ( you can try but you 'll lose your law license ) , there has to be a basis for a claim . 
  wow , this is really a law ? 
  compulsion to potentially put yourself in harm 's way ? 
  nah , no thanks . 
  no one should be compelled to put themselves in a dangerous situation , or even give cpr , if they do n't want to . 
  thank god for english law and the constitution . 
   and state officials are happy to welcome foreign workers to fill those roles -- with only one small caveat : they should have a similar `` cultural and historical '' background to hungarians , varga told hungarian newspaper heti valasz . 
   the remarks read like a thinly-veiled code for `` non-muslim . '' so some european country is rebelling against eu/globalist plans to replace the indigenous populations in europe with north africans . 
  this plan should be resisted by any and all measures , including ones illegal by international/eu law . 
  no treaty should be a demographic and cultural suicide pact . 
  it should n't be a crime to want to live next to people who have similar cultures and backgrounds to you . 
  tell the eu and un to bugger off . 
  let them try to punish you and create more anti-eu sentiment until the union collapses or reforms itself . 
   yet , for foreign investors , doing business in hungary is looking a lot less attractive these days . 
  yeah sure . 
  same playbook they ran in britain . 
  economy will collapse unless you agree to invasion . 
  just allow entry to young people from poorer european countries to maintain your culture , and let the menas go to germany . 
   but it is likely that they would get kicked out of the eu . 
  how prestigious is the eu without italy and britain ? 
  that would be 29 % of the eu 's gdp walking out the door , which would lead to it going from 1st place to ultimately being 3rd place behind china . 
  would greatly diminish the political power , influence and economy of the eu . 
  the eu can not survive this constant alienation of members through undesirable immigration policies . 
  it 's better to turn non-eu immigration back to the states . 
  some countries desire demographic suicide and some do n't . 
  so these two groups are irreconcilable . 
  if the states were able to enforce their own borders , this crisis would never have become so large . 
  imagine how many syrian immigrants would go to greece if they could n't cross on toward germoney or sweden for cradle-to-grave benefits . 
  ship every single immigrant to those two countries , and others like them who advocate open borders , then put up fences . 
  let them pay for it . 
  okay i have a question . 
  why not move the hq to somewhere like greece ? 
  their economy is hurting , they could use some jobs . 
  cost of living has to be plummeting in that country , so it would cost less than western europe . 
  and it 's much closer to potential trouble spots like russia , turkey and the middle east . 
  in the us we move government jobs often to states that are hurting in order to save costs and boost the economy . 
  that was certain areas do n't get too far behind . 
  why does the eu just pile all its institutions in the richest countries ? 
   at any rate , it does n't matter , since they ca n't block it anyway as it 's opt-in opt-in basically means it wo n't not much of an army then . 
  will be massively underfunded as voters in rich countries wonder why they have to fund ( and subsidize ) a european army with german/french money and other states are n't opting in . 
  the ones who do n't opt in will get the benefit of a european army without paying for it . 
  yeah that 's going to be popular . 
  wonder how many of these states will opt-in to fund another army when many of them wo n't even contribute a much smaller amount to nato . 
  opt-in will just be a vanity exercise . 
  when budget makers are deciding between sending billions to a european army and cutting benefits/public pensions , it wo n't even be close . 
   they 've merely rejected the ( impossible ) demands of the uk to be part of the single market without freedom of movement . 
      and if companies leave the uk because of brexit , that 's hardly the fault of the eu , either , is it ? 
  okay , then in the same light , it 's also perfectly legal for britain to stay , block every major reform and make a better deal when the eu gets sick of them . 
   all its doing is saying to britain that it can have a deal like it has now , or a deal like norway , iceland , or switzerland has , or no deal at all . 
  how the fuck can you write this shit ? 
  did i and millions of others dream that juncker threatened the uk with `` consequences '' ? 
  we know what he 's talking about because he mirrors others in the punish britain crowd . 
  tbh britain should roast the eu over a spit and take whatever they can in negotiations . 
   in theory there is also nothing stopping the other member states from enacting article 7 and put sanctions into play . 
  some of the nations involved do n't want a european army so i fail to see why they would want to sanction britain because they 're blocking a european army . 
  as honorable as it is to say `` you can go , it 's in the rules . 
  we 'll just attempt to economically cripple you for doing it . '', 
  the eu started this disingenuous shit but do n't like how it 's ending . 
  which is fitting for such a hubris-filled entity . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't britain hold all the cards here ? 
  they can stay for as long as they wish , due to not triggering the article . 
  thereby avoiding any economic fallout . 
  nothing bad will happen by staying . 
  and there does n't seem to be a legally-enforceable timeline .
