  i do n't even want it being normalized . 
  these religious figures lie about the destruction their religions have caused . 
  i do n't want my kids told lies . 
  but the purpose of the law is so that parents do n't keep their kids home to damage their education . 
  this was one day . 
  no parent should have to explain why they took their kid out for a day . 
  honestly germany sounds draconian with these laws . 
  my parents pulled me out of school for vacations and sick days . 
  it was n't a big deal . 
  because your experience is exactly the same as everyone else ... 
  thanks for the anecdote though . 
  what you see as cultural education could be seen as religious inculcation by others . 
  i will never allow my children to enter a house of worship at such a young age . 
  because obviously the kid is n't a truancy case . 
  the kid was n't skipping school , he was kept home by his parents . 
  this law exists to discourage truancy . 
  being home for one day with your parents ' permission is n't truancy . 
  nobody should be fined for taking their kid out of school for a day . 
  it 's a fucking stupid law to enforce in this case . 
  my biggest question is why this is n't obvious to everyone . 
  it 's interesting to watch the justifications for following the letter of the law while completely violating the obvious spirit of the law . 
  all the while ignoring an obvious religious liberty issue here . 
   how so it 's the way gdp is calculated . 
  gdp measures the values of goods produced in a country . 
  if you 're buying from a foreign country , your country does n't get the economic benefit . 
  which is why imports are subtracted from gdp , and exports are added to gdp . 
  many of the myths and lies told during the brexit debate are unraveling . 
  the funniest part was watching people freak out over a weaker currency , not knowing it was a good thing . 
  any intro to economics teacher could have told you that , but the media suppressed it because it did n't fit the narrative . 
  nice work , uk . 
  keep the pound cheap so i can visit next summer . 
  it draws low-productivity jobs in vegas too . 
  but the state is able to support itself on hotel taxes . 
  meh , that attitude is why spain is where it is . 
  that capital is going to macau and vegas now . 
  principles are nice but it wo n't get spain a single dollar of investment . 
  spain is within its rights to do so . 
  just know that it comes at a price - unemployment , less capital investment and lower revenues to the government . 
  when spain generates its own capital , it can dictate things . 
  when spain is asking for anglo-american capital , it does n't have leverage . 
  the language barrier is a huge hurdle aside from the tax issue . 
  come back and talk to me after brexit . 
  100 % guaranteed no banks will relocate to spain without massive concessions equal to or beyond what adelson wanted . 
  there are simply too many attractive alternatives . 
  imagine madrid if it had eurovegas . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) i really doubt spain 's banking laws will be very business friendly though . 
  [ spain 's ease of doing business ranking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index#ranking ) is poor . 
  banks hate jurisdictions they perceive as hostile to business . 
  if they were n't going to give sheldon adelson large enough concessions for tens of billions in investment , why would they give concessions to banks ? 
  especially in this political climate . 
  yeah and ireland will just love seeing their major competitive advantage vanish . 
  this makes logical sense only in a full fiscal union . 
  otherwise capital will just be concentrated in large , wealthy countries . 
  this would put them even lower than attractive tax environments like hong kong and singapore . 
  if you want to know what the rates are around the world , here they are . 
  https://home.kpmg.com/xx/en/home/services/tax/tax-tools-and-resources/tax-rates-online/corporate-tax-rates-table.html as a cpa in america , i can say that this will be very popular with my clients . 
  some of them already go there for business or pleasure anyway . 
  english speaking , stable government , business friendly laws , etc. 
  if they slash the rates to 10 % , britain will become the premier tax jurisdiction in eurasia to do business . 
  [ do it !, 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/264/200/acb.jpg ), 
  woah really ? 
  did n't know . 
  thailand is amazing . 
  shame my washington does n't have a partner . 
  is ~ ~ czech ~ ~ ~ ~ esti ~ ~ austria available ? 
  which countries are best in your opinion ? 
  because people rant about swedish girls all the time , yet you 're saying southern europe is best . 
  ( doing research for a. . . friend ), 
  how is libya a top 10 in civil participation ? 
  it 's in the middle of a civil war and people are dying on boats to leave , ironically for countries that did n't make the rankings . 
  and mongolia 5th for the economy ? 
  is this supposed to be a joke ? 
  is n't this exactly the opposite of what the eu promised ? 
  i thought that with increased size came extra bargaining power to push through deals . 
  instead it 's become a no-deal union because too many countries have different interests , making it a one-size-fits-all arrangement . 
  unless of course some countries can browbeat , bribe or threaten the dissenters into consensus . 
  i 'll ask this ironically ( because the political paralysis in the us is the ultimate form of the eu ) : is this working ? 
  if the eu ca n't get a trade deal with the biggest and most important economies , why have the eu negotiate trade deals at all ? 
  makes sense . 
  their colonial empire was the first to reach spice producing regions in asia . 
  i think the netherlands came a century or two later . 
  can any dutch people tell me if your food is similarly influenced by your former colonies ? 
  not familiar with it at all . 
  from what i saw of the brexit debates , sturgeon looks incompetent . 
  she talked a good game , but none of her claims came to pass . 
  she was n't very persuasive either . 
  the polling does n't indicate a substantial shift on the position of scotland within the uk since the last referendum . 
  i think a new referendum will go down in defeat and it wo n't be as close as last time . 
  even with a follow-up question within the context of brexit , only 43 % can be convinced to even * have * a new referendum . 
  i know how that feels anglobros . 
  ; _ ; truthfully it is sort of weird since only a bare majority supported brexit . 
  most of the brits in this sub were n't supportive from what i saw . 
  whoever wrote this headline does n't have a clue what they 're talking about . 
  your economy ca n't fall merely from currency translation changes . 
  just because the pound falls in relation to other currencies , that does n't mean the british economy has suffered one iota . 
  the value of currency is what it buys , its purchasing power . 
  ex : a currency could fall in value by half in one day , but that does n't mean the country is any less economically productive . 
  it still produces the same goods and services today that it did yesterday . 
  shocking that the ft is pushing such nonsensical propaganda .
