  hell , if you 're a single woman it can give you the confidence to walk the streets at night and never fear . 
  for me , the independent went from somewhat reputable paper to shit rag in the span of a year . 
  it 's just a tabloid with a more sophisticated looking presentation than the sun or mirror . 
   why not ? 
   100 % are human beings . 
  personally i think your views are suicidal and fatal to a society . 
  100 % are human beings , what the fuck does that mean ? 
  there are a billion human beings in africa who deserve better than they 've got . 
  the solution is building those states into strong , wealthy countries rather than transforming autralia/europe/us / canada into being population overflow areas for the world 's failed states . 
  i 'm one of those scientocrats who understand that borders are in direct conflict with sustainable progress and peace for human society and the planet . 
  yeah no , that 's not even remotely rational . 
  your solution would cause civil wars and the demise of western countries . 
  sorry , but i would rather die than give up borders . 
   they should have gotten a new life in australia . 
  why ? 
  80 % are economic migrants . 
  are you one of these libertarians who do n't believe in borders ? 
  i 'm just trying to figure out why you think anyone in a boat is entitled to enter australia for a new life . 
   first of all : the crisis was n't created by merkel or anyone like her . 
  the crisis was created primarily by the us and the people who supported its warmongering . 
  australia being a prime suspect . 
  the war , yes . 
  the mad rush to europe , no . 
  that was created by merkel and her ideological henchmen . 
  also i do n't think it 's proper to blame australia . 
  this is obama and bush 's mess . 
  we often bully smaller western countries into supporting conflicts that they would n't otherwise support . 
  that is honestly the best ad i 've ever seen on immigration . 
  could n't disagree with you more . 
  their attitude is the best . 
  they keep order and stop smugglers . 
  people drowning in the seas on the hope of asylum that they will never be granted . 
  many of those drowned would never have had a chance at asylum . 
  they died for nothing . 
  merkel and the other european leaders who created the crisis are barbaric . 
  australia 's system is sensible . 
  i gave up catholicism as a child , before the pedophile scandal . 
  best decision i have ever made . 
  none of my uncles , aunts or cousins worship . 
  many abandoned it because so often the church 's teachings are totally illogical and defy common sense , including this latest statement . 
  the church is treating islamic extremism the same way they do condoms in africa : living in denial of reality to the harm of its followers . 
  basically the pope is preaching to his new constituents in the third world . 
  it 's nearly dead here among non-immigrants . 
  actually recent genetic studies showed most native americans died out within 100 years of columbus ' arrival . 
  as it turns out , the diseases he inadvertently spread in the caribbean spread like wildfire to both us coasts . 
  the study examined genetic diversity of old native american bones and found a genetic bottleneck , which happens during extinction events . 
  90 % of the dead never heard of or saw a white person in their lives . 
   just that they do n't really seem to ignite the same sort of visceral hatred the muslims do . 
  you 're right . 
  i think that 's due to terrorism . 
  where are these fantastic people going to work when automation and robotics replace those jobs ? 
  that 's not some wacky conspiracy theory , it 's from the un . 
  http://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/robots-replace-5-million-jobs-2020/ http://newatlas.com/un-report-robots-jobs/46367/ we 're taking in millions of wonderful people who , in 10-20 years , wo n't have jobs . 
  if we had waves of english immigrants coming to america , speaking a foreign language , having birth rates that overwhelm the native populace , using social welfare services disproportionately , and disproportionately filling prisons , they would n't be granted visas anymore . 
  it 's funny watching economic theory prevail over agenda pushing . 
  how many times were they told that a cheap currency is good for the economy ? 
  denial is a powerful defense mechanism , reflected in the downvotes . 
  meanwhile if this continues , especially after a brexit , brussels will panic . 
  it 's a harmful accusation used to invalidate another 's argument with character assassination . 
   you are one bigot , and there it is . 
  cynical use of the race card . 
  yeah because that 's exactly what i meant and had no clue it takes 50 +1 to win . 
  have a great day and , in 10 years when i 'm sitting in the us state of california , assuming the eu still exists , i 'll raise a glass to you . 
  yeah let 's see how effective 23 % of people are at convincing the other 77 % to vote for recession . 
  this recession talk is hilarious . 
  happens after every election without fail , along with the `` move to canada '' business . 
  `` b-b-but it 's different this time , it 's trump ! '', 
  trump could n't fuck up worse than gw bush if he tried , and yet they 're all still here . 
  and we turn down millions every year who want to come in . 
  it 's all talk . 
  likely support will fall further as this is just an emotional reaction to his election . 
  once he starts governing , it will die down . 
  same shit happened in texas after obama was reelected . 
  it died down . 
  yes , i would . 
  since there 's no popular will for calexit , there 's no point really . 
  it 's amazing how some random news spread around the world and people believe calexit could happen . 
  it was literally just a few butthurt tech ceos who started this talk . 
   the poll of 800 california voters ( . pdf ) taken last week found only 23 percent of those surveyed backing the idea of california becoming its own country . 
  a majority , 57 percent , are opposed , while another 20 percent are not sure about secession . 
  http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2016/11/22/calexit-california-secession-kpix-5-surveyusa-poll/ 33 point margin , good luck . 
  why would we kiss goodbye to california ? 
  they overwhelmingly ( only 23 % support calexit in the latest post-election poll ) want to stay in the union . 
  if they ever want to leave , let them . 
  you 're referring to freedom of the press . 
  i 'm telling you that japan is the only country that has free speech like us because their constitution was modeled after ours during the occupation . 
  that 's why there 's no punishment in japan 's hate speech laws . 
   japan 's first hate speech law , which took effect in june , was created in line with article 21 of the constitution , which guarantees freedom of expression , and article 13 , which guarantees basic human rights . 
   experts , though , say the law is flawed because it lacks both a stated prohibition of hate speech and carries no punishment for perpetrators . 
  that 's not true . 
  japan is the only other major country with blanket free speech like us . 
  now please explain why this makes japan evil . 
  but is n't it quite easy to say it was n't important when your language was officially accepted and promoted ? 
  our history books say the same : that catalan language was suppressed by franco . 
  is this false ? 
  after reading about how the catalans were treated in the past , i can see why they cling hard to their culture . 
  plus second city/region syndrome where the capital is the first city , so yeah , it 's no wonder they hate spain . 
  ultimately every people needs to be allowed self-determinism . 
  i think setting up refugee safe zones would have obviously been the best way . 
  would have had the double benefit of keeping people near their homelands so they can return , and would stretch every euro much farther with respect to aid .
