* you could speak frisian , too , / u/frisiandude . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  we had a great influx of guest workers from turkey and morocco some two generations ago . 
  they 're heavily associated with poverty and crime . 
  most dutch people could n't tell moroccans and turks apart . 
  how about `` holland '' ? 
  \\ #yesallwomen turned into \\ #killallmen round about today . 
  your point ? 
  `` every black person , every woman , every trans person , has been a victim of oppression '' is one of the worst forms of identity theft . 
  i am one of the above things , and i will not reduce myself to a poor oppressedkin . 
  i 'm an individual , thankyouverymuch , not a subject of oppression that can be used at tumblr feminism 's whim . 
   every black person , every woman , every trans person , has been a victim of oppression . 
  most white cis men have not . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  who said you ca n't help the starving without looking at the colour of their skin or the gender they identify as ? 
  no shame :p + / u/dogetipbot 5 doge, 
  and how do you suggest to assist the unfortunate * with * active discrimination ? 
  force everybody to check their privilige and hand out privilige points ? 
  then discriminate in favour of those with the least privilige points ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  you ca n't reasonably create a system of discrimination that is not unfair , which is why discrimination should be abandoned . 
  an alternative system that is not based on factors that involved no choice could be proposed to even out the playing fields , but i 'm not sure how you could go about doing that . 
  evening out the playing fields will not get rid of discrimination . 
  getting rid of discrimination will - over time - even out the playing fields . 
  this unfortunately means that the people who currently suffer discrimination are worse off under my proposed solution , and that sucks , but the alternative solution of discrimination-to-combat-discrimination is fucking lunatic and will end up hurting individuals all the same . 
  i never made a qualitative analysis . 
  only quantitive . 
  also :  not hiring white people is not discrimination . 
  lol, 
  except time will make sure they 'll both die and their offspring will have a different amount of biscuits . 
  jane 's offspring might still have more , but the gap will most likely have narrowed . 
  repeat ad nauseum . 
  but it 's not the fairest argument to make , because it 's about equality of outcome , not equality of treatment . 
  equality of treatment will ensure one less variable for misery . 
  and that 's kind of awesome . 
  you can have your cake and eat it too , though . 
  what keeps you from supporting the unfortunate without resorting to discrimination ? 
  does that matter ? 
  one 's misery does n't undo the other 's . 
  read the first post in this thread . 
  yes , gendered bathrooms are discrimination by definition . 
  i personally do n't know what good the separation serves . 
  bathrooms ( and i suppose changing rooms ) should probably become unisex at some point , but there 'll be so much unarticulated resistance to such a development that it 's almost not even worth trying . 
  the difference , though ? 
  technically none , practically a lot . 
  `` coloured '' bathrooms had really poor maintenance , and were generally of lesser quality than those for white people . 
  this simply does n't apply to gender-segragated bathrooms , where the maintenance and quality is equal . 
  however , separate lavatory-cultures have formed in gender-segragated bathrooms . 
  it 's like the stupidest thing ever , but women go in groups and sort themselves out in front of the mirror . 
  men go alone and spend as little time there as possible . 
  that 's a stereotype , but true to some degree . 
  are some discriminations okay and others not ? 
  i think not . 
  there are levels of severity , though , and gendered bathrooms score incredibly low in that regard . 
  as if there are n't enough men who are unable to make ends meet . 
  the top consists of primarily white men . 
  anything below that is fairly equal ( which includes plethora of white men ) , except i guess you might argue that some ethnicities are currently off worse . 
  you ca n't fight discrimination with anti-discrimination . 
  you fight discrimination with the absence thereof . 
  and merit is probably the best way to figure out who gets what . 
  does that mean we should stop helping the unfortunate ? 
  no , that 's stupid . 
  but helping the unfortunate does not equate to discriminating in their favour . 
  also , i 'm not that man . 
  women are overrepresented in universities at large and in fields such as medicine specifically . 
  is this a problem , progress , or neither ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't really care either . 
  the overrepresentation is unfortunate , but nothing is holding back men from signing up , except perhaps gender roles and/or stereotypes . 
  but seeing as those are complicated as hell to tackle , i 'm following the principle of `` good enough '' . 
  time will erode those harmful things at some point , provided there 's enough sane education on the subject . 
  fighting the symptoms just is n't worth it , though , especially if you have to resort to discrimination to battle ... discrimination . 
  i agree with all those things . 
  i just do n't think that they necessitate discrimination . 
  find any topic , and you 'll find `` experience experts '' from any background and from any demographic , unless the topic necessitates a certain background or ( very rarely and very specifically ) a certain demographic . 
  there 's one thing i 'd like to point out , though . 
  mature discourse involving experience experts does n't mean that the experience experts are right , and does n't mean that outsiders do n't get a say in things . 
  a good example is abortion . 
  not all women who have had abortion are `` right '' ( whatever your definition of right ) , and in a system of democracy , men should never be excluded from discourse involving the decision-making surrounding legislature for abortion . 
  in the case of the conference linked in this thread , a white man from sweden may be an experience expert on the merit that he has lived in not-europe for some amount of time . 
  of course this is hypothetical , but i do n't see why he should be reduced to `` a white man '' , rather than `` someone who has knowledge and experience on the subject '' . 
  i get it , though . 
  a native will have a different perspective , and it 's awesome to mix and match those perspectives . 
  but this selection process does n't necessitate discrimination to achieve diversity . 
  you 'll have more `` diversity '' if that is specifically what you 're after , but the price of blatant discrimination is n't worth it , no matter the perpetrator and no matter the group at the short end of the stick . 
  that method does n't necessitate discrimination , though . 
  consider this : `` we need x people that are good at a , y people that are good at b , and z people that are good at c. '' if , as it stands , a lot of foreigners happen to have experience in c , then the z amount of people will consist primarily of foreigners . 
  there 's no need to limit that group to consisting of foreigners , though . 
  if you happen to have a local who has a fair share of experience in c , then `` equality '' is the single worst reason to deny him from participation . 
  the same goes the other way around , really . 
  i prefer equality of treatment over equality of outcome . 
  edit : whoops . 
  you edited . 
  the point you make about the nurse makes sense . 
  and i can see how having cultural discourse might contribute . 
  some issue in genetics regarding legs was fixed by a german biologist , because the germans have a word for a specific part of the leg whereas the anglosphere does not . 
  i do n't recall the entire thing , but it was a fascinating read . 
  diversity can be really awesome . 
  but i 'm extremely hesitant to make `` diversity '' a goal of anything . 
  diversity is best when it just kind of happens .
