  it 's , you want to kill people who have broken the law in such an extreme way . 
   people you do n't like do n't have a right to live . 
  maybe it 's more along the lines of `` they committed mass murder '', 
  https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread http://www.investigativeproject.org/4803/guest-column-radicalization-of-europe-muslims# http://archives.cerium.ca/img/pdf/roy-islamicterroristradicalisation.pdf so do you think radical islam is on a decline in western worlds ? 
   in no way whatsoever does this indicate any kind of trend or increase of anything . 
  on the contrary , when you see people being charged with connections to isis more frequently , does this not indicate a trend of increased support ? 
  `` level '' is n't a binary , up or down . 
  it 's subjective , dynamic and can overlap in political spectrums . 
  implying the goat herders in rural afghanistan ca n't come into the western world . 
  lol come off it, 
  so you do not think there is an increase in islamic radicalization within europe and the united states ? 
  because i 'm not shocked at all to find that there is an increasing amount of people supporting isis in europe . 
  i 'm totally shocked / s, 
  is there a difference between a headscarf and a hijab ? 
  are these the things they get beat for not wearing ? 
  what is there to gain by keeping them alive ? 
  that argument is basically `` be nice to these people or they will resort to joining isis '' i do n't know about you , but if these people are so easily convinced to join a mass murdering terrorist cult , i would n't much want them around to begin with . 
  i never understood this . 
  some people do it just fine . 
  others seem to outright refuse , along with treating any objections as an attack on their culture or something . 
  so if english was the official language , then i could complain ? 
  it 's the hosts countries fault for not having an official language ? 
  so if we all moved to japan and refused to speak japanese , there 's no problem with that ? 
  so it 's completely fine if a large group of people refuse to speak the language of the country they move to ? 
  you would raise no objections if hundreds of thousands of americans moved to mexico and refused to learn/speak english ? 
  this would n't cause any problems , perfectly fine ? 
  i 'm not in the loop . 
  however , is the existence of these places one of those things everyone kinda knows about but they block it out ? 
  or are people generally surprised to find this out ? 
  when i heard him say this i really did n't doubt it . 
  there are places like that everywhere . 
  i can confirm , even offer proof for those wanting it . 
  i left high school a few years back and many of the kids did n't know english enough to hold a conversation . 
  if that was n't bad enough though , they get a boost on their sats . 
  so , while hispanics get bonus points , whites and asians get nothing . 
  in fact , asians are handicapped in a way . 
  i 'm friends with a lot of these people . 
  honestly they 're nice , they have good intentions most of the time , however their refusal to integrate just rubs me the wrong way . 
  my girlfriend is hispanic and her parents ca n't speak english despite being in the country since they were children . 
  they have made no effort to learn , on top of that they push me to learn spanish which just makes me a bit ticked off lol, 
  lol , just visit any town in the us that is near the border to mexico . 
  i can assure you , there may be confusion as to which country you are in . 
  to top it off , good luck finding anyone that speaks english . 
  you 're labeled xenophobic or racist or whatever words they want to throw around if you dare even ask these people to integrate . 
  i figured . 
  i 'm not saying you should have different laws . 
  i 'm saying which movement/movements is a greater threat to europe/the rest of the world . 
  serious question , we do n't even need to get into the debate but in regards to the laws , how did they get over 300 guns exactly ? 
  i imagine just smuggling them in ? 
   the freedom to conduct terrorist attacks from places of worship shall not be infringed . 
  i forget what page it 's on but i know it 's there somewhere . 
  the rest think you should be stoned . 
  then the 0.3 % on facebook call you out as racist for even daring to say a large majority are extremely conflicting in regards to western views . 
  it 's not racism . 
  if blue people had a tendency to blow up when you insult their religion , would you not stay away from blue people ? 
  granted there 's tons of blue people that wo n't blow up , however you just have to gauge how much you 're willing to risk by allowing said blue people . 
  it pains to to realize people are just finding this out . 
  maybe no one here has actually talked to muslims ( except just in general , not about politics ) and you 'll find a fair few that actually believe you should be killed for leaving islam . 
  quite ridiculous honestly . 
  i would be curious to see the amount of casualties compared to islamic terrorism . 
  stay safe eurobros, 
  hell if i know lol, 
  it really starts to beg the question , what is this `` peaceful , moderate '' islamic community we always here about . 
  i would say a majority of that stadium was booing ... 
  and i just saw a video about how turkey is a good example of a peaceful , moderate , muslim country ... nice . 
  how many more will have to die ... :(, 
  meh , they both suck . 
  it 's just the mentality they push that we `` have to '' or that we 're immoral because of it . 
  the mexican cartel can be just as bad as terrorists sometimes . 
  i 've seen the towns by the border go into ruin because of our migration situation . 
  and ppl wonder why america does n't want millions of migrants coming in . 
  there 's a limit :(, 
  yea , people can be idiots . 
  everyone wants to be special , they try to out compete each other and end up looking ridiculous . 
  if it 's sarcasm i ca n't tell . 
  many people claim they are 1/x of something to gain benefits or status here . 
  i 've legitimately heard people claim to be 1/64ths of something before . 
  poland, 
  i 'm in virginia and most people here have cable ... 
  it might be a regional thing ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_highest-income_counties_in_the_united_states a luxury item maybe ? 
  regardless , torrenting and netflix is the way to go . 
  when i do watch tv it 's for live events or shows that i dvr . 
  is it any different in the uk ? 
  how are you 1/128 american ? 
  heh , it 's only a matter of time now . 
  exactly . 
  arguing with them is quite ridiculous . 
  they try to justify it every way they can but at the end of the day it 's our country and our rules and you did n't follow them . 
  every country has a border , every country enforces rules regarding the border . 
  there 's a very real reason why they do this . 
  i feel the same , was arguing with the invisible opposition lol my bad, 
  implying a negative population is a bad thing ? 
  damn , we got ta got to the moon or something . 
  yet it 's racist when the u.s. suggests this idea . 
  w/e good job croatia for actually trying to stop the problem for the moment . 
  lmao is this really a surprise to anyone ? 
  imho majority of muslims do n't really care about what the extremists are doing and or/slightly agree with them . 
  it 's the new sweden !, 
  pls eurobros , do n't let europe become this norm :'(, 
  yea , it would be nice if we could cut this out :\\,
