they 're a bit of one in the same . 
  hispanics protect hispanics in those towns . 
  what is really ridiculous is criminals that are being deported can be dropped off in these towns and escape deportation because the town/city `` does n't believe in it '' or some nonsense like that . 
  if only ... as with your problem ours is similar in the sense that the problems are underlying . 
  i guess to make it simple though , we already have high unemployment . 
  adding more people to the mix is not going to help . 
  you can easily get into micro-cause and effect , you can say that they 're only doing jobs which we would n't do ( which is false ) but at the end of the day , a mass population is being unnaturally introduced into our economic system . 
  it 's throwing things off whack , tbh the benefits they get are just icing on the cake to my frustration . 
  not to belittle your situation though , what 's happening there really sucks and i 'm glad some are realizing it 's not good . 
  it seems there 's hope yet ... many people will think we 're bad just for wanting to control or deny citizenship . 
  it 's quite ridiculous . 
  hop on down to a u.s. - mexican border town if you want to see strained public services/resources . 
  good luck my european friends . 
  do you also think the u.s. does n't deserve criticism for wanting better border security/policy ? 
  seems here say one word about it and you 're branded a racist or something . 
  just wondering an outsiders opinion . 
  much like poland , the u.s. ca n't handle ~ 11 million illegal immigrants . 
  it makes me laugh , but also makes me sad when i see  germany 's biggest task in the next 10 years will be to integrate 1mil + refugees into our culture with our ~ 11 million i fear integration is a lost cause . 
  hell , half the towns on the border have turned into criminal sanctuaries . 
  do n't make the same mistakes pls, 
  were they ever coming for that though ? 
  i think the image of a guy crammed in a cubical working nine to five is n't the deal anymore . 
  many jobs here now ( besides labor ) are more about product than time spent . 
  i rarely work long hours and if i do it 's to finish something big which means i usually do n't have to work much the next day . 
  that 's just my experience though . 
  college kids , do n't know the world yet . 
  i 've always kinda liked poland , seems they do the right thing even if it 's seen as `` wrong '', 
  human beings that would walk into a minefield on purpose ? 
  i think we 're dealing with human beings with less than human intelligence at that point . 
  this sounds like the u.s. with hispanics , yet say one word and you 're crucified for being racist or something . 
  i think anyone who willingly walks into landmines would n't be all that useful in the first place . 
  so tell me if i get this right . 
  they are just poor asylum seekers that are just so weak and poor and are just looking for a place to escape the violence and problems , yes ? 
  also preferably a country that offers benefits and fuck hungary for not offering enough benefits ? 
  this is the same with donald trump , why he 's so popular . 
  the only one to actually bring up illegal immigration , however badly he did so lol, 
  oh sorry , i was talking about here in the us , i need a flag lol i ca n't comment on germany as i 'm not there but i 'll take your word . 
  here , most of the immigrants are hardworking , however their sense of entitlement is cringe worthy . 
  it 's like they own the damn country . 
  especially l.a. , just awhile ago someone was killed by an illegal immigrant that managed to be deported something like 5 times . 
  it 's just a clown show , people need to wake up and realize that this mass immigration stuff is n't all it 's cracked up to be . 
  join the club , the us is seen as evil and xenophobic if we even suggest stricter immigration policies . 
  it might be a bit late for us but i implore europe to not let this happen , take care of your own country then if you can take care of others . 
  exactly , yet the first mention of wanting better boarder security or less immigration and america is xenophobic . 
  it 's quite ridiculous . 
  i hope anyone that accuses me of this be forced to live in the town i had to flee due to the amount of criminal activity going on there due to immigration . 
  actually , you would be surprised how many immigrants here are now demanding benefits . 
  just the other day i heard someone complaining that they could n't get financial aide because they were n't a legal citizen . 
  they were shocked that i said , `` well why should you ? 
  those are benefits for the citizens of the country '' . 
  you ca n't just disregard a countries rules like that then expect even more in return . 
  i hope the first world countries can stop pretending mass immigration is a good thing now . 
  and yet america is always faulted or seen as the bad guy for wanting less immigration , i guess we 're all `` xenophobic '' now eh ? 
  this is what infuriates me to no end . 
  people that bite the hand that feeds them , people that want more and more . 
  i honestly do n't think any country should be faulted for denying immigration . 
  they have their own problems . 
  it takes a special kind of entitled to partake in this behavior ... 
  we seriously need to stop this bs , the us , europe , all of us . 
  it 's your country for crying out loud . 
  i 'm tolerant enough but it 's reaching ridiculous levels . 
  i saw a kindergarten class today and so many kids did n't even know english . 
  teacher could n't teach to the full potential cause half the kids did n't even understand her . 
  you do n't have to be an avid reader to see something being pushed under the rug . 
  '' '' `` media '' '' '' just because one paper/site says something it does n't mean `` the media is addressing it '', 
  they are n't . 
  it 's alright guys , the us has school shootings , europe has bombings , it 's only fair eh ? 
  * one person want 's to do something about it lol, 
  and it 's spilling into the us because no one wants to do anything about it . 
  did you know that the daughter of el chapo lives in california lol, 
  at least you are n't to detroit levels yet . 
   force new muslim immigrants to go to a weekend seminar where they teach them how to live in the western world . 
  it 's super late so i ca n't reply to the whole post but you want to pay even more money on them ? 
  i mean ... no one 's * making * you take in these people that are fundamentally incompatible with your values ? 
  would it not just be cheaper to say `` no '' ? 
  i do n't think it 's something that can be educated away , it 's ingrained , it 's their culture . 
  objectively even , so we disagree with the way they think , no big deal . 
  do we * have * to let them into our countries when they refuse to conform to said countries laws ? 
  implying it will always be the same ? 
  lots of factors go into this . 
  i know immigrants that have been here decades that still do n't interact with or even speak the language of the country . 
  back then people came here to become americans . 
  now they come because it just does n't suck as bad as the sucky place they left . 
  how much closer do you have to be ? 
  a friend of mine always has horror stories from his time working with border patrol . 
  what are they not seeing ? 
  i am aware , i was using it in a general sense . 
  an asian language , an eastern european language , south american language etc. 
  when it 's not spanish , italian or german , i assume it 's eastern european . 
  a dutch friend tried teaching me dutch once , interesting language . 
  hope people keep their original languages alive in this time of globalization !, 
  i got banned on / r/nottheonion for equating this to a middle eastern country . 
  what is wrong with people these days ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  even if another language becomes popular in another country , citizens should n't be criticized for not speaking it . 
  you would have no problem if millions of chinese immigrated to germany or spain and the new `` de-facto '' language changed to mandarin ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with that ? 
  would there be a case if the u.s. did have an official language ? 
  would you support that ? 
  that would be false .
