  homosexuality was dropped because research found no difference in mental health of homosexuals , but that 's not true for the transgender . 
  when transgender people have significantly higher suicide attempts and various other problems , it calls for a attention of a medical science and deserve a classification in a manual . 
  this has nothing to do with lgbt rights , it 's a simple fact . 
  you did mention def/adblue . 
  that 's what aoc is . 
  amonia oxidation catalyst . 
  anyway my point is that if you want a cheap dirty engine now you can just buy an old car . 
  yet people buy new cars with all the expensive technology . 
  the article is just an example of environmentalist scaremongering . 
  it takes relatively minor concern and blows it out of proportion . 
  new diesel cars are clean , just not as clean as regulators , fooled by the automotive lobby , thought . 
  primary damage was done to the credibility of our regulators and automotive industry . 
  which leads to the obvious question why should we insist on the emission standards dreamed up by the people , who did n't quite know what they are doing ? 
  by the way i said to relax the standards not completely abolish them . 
  ... and consume much more gasoline . 
  clean combustion goes hand in hand with efficiency . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't believe people would go wild and buy only dirty cars . 
  just as if you were to legalise some drugs , it would not cause some drug addiction pandemic . 
  perhaps it 's different in the netherlands . 
  here people are very free-spoken , when they do n't like something they will tell you . 
  still when i hear locals , months after , to say there have been no problems with criminality or anything , but they would still prefer a prison in their backyard , i have to wonder how seriously should i take that information . 
  while it is at least partially true , it 's also true the common man should get his shit together . 
  if he wants to participate in decision making , he should do it properly . 
  that means to educate himself to make informed decisions . 
  it 's wrong to just go with his frustrations and whatever he is fed with on facebook or wherever else . 
  people have moral responsibility to be better . 
   ceta 's investment court system ( ics ) grants highly enforceable rights to investors -- but no corresponding obligations . 
  status quo is greatly in favour of domestic industry . 
  foreign investors have obligation to obey the law as anybody else , but unlike the local companies they do n't have as easy access to lobbying and other ways to influence legislation . 
  naturally primary purpose of all these regulations is protectionism . 
  safety , environment etc. 
  is just an elaborate excuse for the general public . 
  did you already forget about the syriza ? 
  or farange , who is effectively out of business with brexit . 
  as the article says , actually winning election is a bad for populists , because they usually do n't have viable plan or skills to manage the state . 
   millions of polluting cars remain on european roads , despite research showing that they emit three times the current standard for nitrogen oxide pollution , when driven in real world situations . 
  as if we need to worry about about the new and by all reasonable standards clean cars despite the scandal as opposed to ten or twenty years old cars which remain on the european roads . 
  it would be probably for the best to relax the standards and let the consumer decide . 
  that way there is a better chance the published results will be closer to reality . 
  where next ? 
  after the one-two punch of brexit and trump , europeans are watching every coming election , from austria to the netherlands to france , for fear it could become the next staging post in the long march to illiberalism . 
  europe 's centrists have begun to see themselves as modern-day defenders of the alamo , desperately standing their ground as marauding populists advance on all sides . 
  the siege of the alamo ended when the mexican army overran the fortress , slaughtering the doughty texans inside . 
  today 's equivalent might be the elevation of marine le pen , leader of france 's far-right national front , to the \u00c9lys\u00e9e in next year 's presidential election . 
  victory for ms le pen , it is widely assumed , would herald a new age of anti-european nationalism . 
  quite possibly it could mean the disintegration of the european union itself . 
  perhaps . 
  but ms le pen has amply demonstrated that she does not need electoral victory to bend french politics to her will . 
  indeed , the lesson from elsewhere in europe is that the responsibilities of power can be poisonous for populists : support for the nationalist finns party has halved since it joined a coalition in finland last year . 
  they do better carping from the sidelines , tugging policy in their direction while reserving the right to lob political bombs when necessary . 
  from trade to migration to budgets , europe 's populists are already shaping policy to a degree that belies their limited success at the ballot box . 
  few may have yet penetrated the fortress keep . 
  but they are hurling infected missiles over the walls , and the liberals inside are already succumbing to the virus . 
  take trade . 
  for years european governments have fought among themselves over whether to raise tariffs on state-subsidised exports , such as chinese steel . 
  but the populist assault on globalisation has lent the discussion fresh urgency . 
  in october jean-claude juncker , president of the european commission , said that the eu needed better trade defence instruments to take on `` stupid populists '' , and the issue is now chefsache -- so important that it must be negotiated among european leaders rather than their ( often better-informed ) ministers . 
  anti-trade agitators on the left , meanwhile , have forced governments advocating agreements with america and canada on to the back foot . 
  officials now argue that left untackled , chinese dumping will kill the public consent needed to strike trade deals . 
  on migration , too , populist pressure has transformed a debate over how to manage refugee movements into an almost exclusive focus on keeping people away . 
  and although for now the attention is on migrants from outside europe , populists will readily exploit french fears of polish plumbers , or german angst over romanian welfare tourists , should it prove expedient . 
  to stave off such anxiety , the eu will probably soon oblige firms employing workers temporarily posted from elsewhere in europe to match local pay and conditions . 
  the commission , backed strongly by france , says the measure is needed to tackle what it calls `` social dumping '' ; eastern european governments consider this a scandalous breach of single-market rules . 
  but the populist effect also shows up in what politicians choose not to do , notes heather grabbe , director of the open society european policy institute , a think-tank . 
  glancing fearfully over their shoulders at the populist menace , governments shy away from controversial decisions , or hedge their support for treaty commitments like helping refugees . 
  the european central bank has warned that populism will curb governments ' enthusiasm for the fiscal and structural reforms needed to inject a bit of life into flagging economies ( and to reduce the euro zone 's dependence on cheap money ) . 
  recent trade rows will give most leaders pause before declaring themselves in favour of the next deal . 
  the populist threat also provides governments with a handy `` apr\u00e8s nous , le d\u00e9luge '' excuse in their disputes with each other , or with brussels . 
  both france and italy have successfully pleaded for fiscal forbearance before the commission , which monitors the euro zone 's dreaded budget-deficit limit of 3 % of gdp , to see off their domestic political insurgencies . 
  ( `` i prefer to have a france with [ a deficit of ] 4.4 % today than a france with marine le pen tomorrow , '' matteo renzi , italy 's prime minister , once said . ), 
  the best explanation for the tough line the remaining 27 members will take in the coming brexit negotiations is their fear that a good deal for britain would leave their own eurosceptics clamouring for so many carve-outs and exemptions that the eu would be left a hollow shell . 
  remember the berlaymont the populist nudge need not always be dangerous . 
  mr juncker may have a case that the eu needs to revisit its trade-defence policy ; america allows itself to impose far higher tariffs on chinese steel imports than europe does . 
  on migration , experts had long highlighted the dangers of eliminating most border checks inside the eu before strengthening its external frontiers . 
  if it took a crisis to expose the folly -- well , better late than never . 
  the trouble is that in all these cases governments have lost control of the argument and ceded political ground to parties whose appeal they do not understand . 
  allowing populists to make the running while deploring their views presents voters with a confusing proposition . 
  observing the erection of trade barriers or border fences , some may wonder why they should fear the outfits that proposed such ideas in the first place . 
  europe has known little but crisis for years , and crises rarely make for smart policy . 
  but when europe 's fearful mood lifts , its leaders will need to find the courage to manage the populist threat rather than to be led by it . 
  the alamo may have ended in disaster , but the texans regrouped and eventually battled their way to victory . 
  perhaps in time europe 's beleaguered liberals can find the courage to do the same . 
  there is no duplicate thread . 
  the other post is 2 days old , this press conference is from yesterday . 
  i think even with the `` diplomatic talk '' he could afford to be more harsh . 
  eu is supposed to stand for human rights and democracy . 
  he should have hinted castro lacked those values . 
  [ juncker 's full statement ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_statement-16-4042_en.htm ), 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i posted it as any other submission . 
  you are blowing it out of proportion , as if i was posting main kampf without context and proper commentary , or something of similar calibre . 
  i not going to be controlled by your or anyone else 's hysterical reactions , tip toe around sensitive subjects and wrap them in lengthy disclaimers , introducing myself , my beliefs and my interpretation of the text . 
  as if that were that were the only permissible way to present something , which may spark disagreement . 
  i think it 's you who should think about your way of consuming news . 
  if you first reaction to information , which contradicts your beliefs or offends your sentiments , is to shower op with personal attacks and inventing some rules on the fly , why it should be forbidden ( i did not brake any rules ) , then you are harming this subreddit , not me . 
  that 's very nice score . 
  perhaps . 
  i think better political culture can reduce corruption and better systems can improve it , but i think it 's a mistake to think this nationalism is only in the us . 
  apparently quite a few people took offence i chose to post article about potential corruption in germany , while it 's perfectly acceptable here for europeans to comment on the us .
