  before you call anyone selfish you should first have at least some extimate of the scale of the `` threat '' . 
  the way i see it the biggest threat to hungary is an expensive fence that has no effect whatsoever . 
  we as one of the least affected countries should not spread so much panic . 
  that does n't mean it 's a good idea . 
  closing borders because of few hundreds refugees who do n't even want to stay here is madness . 
  involving nato is just plain idiotic . 
  i know it 's just populism and that he does not actualy believe that but that does not make it any better in my eyes . 
   not allowing anyone on a boat to come do you have any idea how unrealistic it is ? 
  do you think they are coming only because someone is allowing them to ? 
  to stop someone you have to see them first and marine radars can see perhaps 10km radius . 
  general education is not enough to make informed decision about complex issues . 
  you always have to make a proper research which salon communists notoriously ignore . 
  in their arrogance they think they already know everything they need to know . 
  unsurprisingly even all the available knowledge from philosophy , history and economics combined is nowhere near enough to have definitive answer to any possible sociopolitical problem . 
  how about using it to reduce debt ? 
  no wonder . 
  moderates usualy suspend their judgement until he have sufficient information . 
  there is very little reliable information . 
  i was expecting a comment justifying arsony to appear sooner or later . 
  this is a slipery slope . 
  perhaps it would be also good to burn something to point out danger of right-wing extremism . 
  but there is nothing to listen to . 
  it 's just angry and flustrated noise . 
  only way for a politician to use address that is populism . 
  sometimes there really is n't any reasonable action to take , yet people still demand it . 
  it 's just like when people are horrified by some disaster but all reasonable precautions are already in place . 
  what do you do ? 
  enact an expensive and useless policy ? 
  thats where you get those useless laws such as laws requiring computers in nuclear power plants to have updated antivirus software and yet not to be connected to the internet at the same time . 
  as always the most ignorant speaks with the most confidence . 
  you do n't know how it is and these videos does n't make it any clearer . 
  i disagree . 
  mods should focus on what is relevant . 
  their time is limited . 
  curently there is a flood of bad content on the topic of refugee crisis so mods focus on that . 
  seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  first of all driving under influence of alcohol near the tolerance threshold is not a criminal offence . 
  secondly blood test ca n't be done without reasonable suspicion . 
  you are not at merci of police . 
  it 's still does contribute to our economy . 
  it makes sense to prefer domestic company even if it is foreign owned . 
  we are in kind of a schizophrenic position right now . 
  we want to build another reactor and reduce our dependency on russia yet our own nuclear power industry \u0160koda js colaborate closely with atomstrojexport . 
  that 's not exactly true in practice . 
  any alcohol measuring device has some error . 
  i order to prove someone is under the influence you need to measure more than the standard deviation , which is generally quite high . 
  sorry , but that does not compute . 
  you are saying they will stay here becausae they are mostly muslim ? 
  do you think that if their religion was different they would not stay ? 
   to me this sounds like murderer is a person who kills , robs or lies to another person . 
  then you have trouble understanding a writen text . 
   so i guess mocking of my high school chess club was racism after all ... could be , it 's impossible to tell from so little information . 
  yes , state should protect colective interest of its citizens . 
  problem here is that both what you percieve as threat and how do you propose to solve it is highly questionable to say the least . 
  you can still of course change criteria for giving asylum if you think you ca n't aford to help everyone . 
  helping people is always voluntary . 
  i just find it very difficult to justify helping just some people based of their cultural background . 
  rasist is a person who is convinced that some group of people who he percieve to have the same origin , ethnic or cultural backround should be threated differently than other people . 
  all i am saying is that it does not matter to me if that group of people can be actually defined as a race or whether that person himself defines it as race . 
  racism is still racism no matter if it based on real race or something which wrongly percieved as race or is some kind of equivalent to race . 
  race is very vague term anyway which have very little meaning in case of humans if any . 
  it 's not used in human biology anymore . 
  i feel like i am wasting my breath but anyway . 
  being a criminal means he did commit some sort of crime and was already judged . 
  he may be wanted in which case you can indeed arrest him . 
  there are already plenty of czech people who are perfectly willing to commit a crime . 
  do you really every time somebody ask you for help first do some sort of `` culture check '' to figure out how likely he is to commit a crime before you decide if you are willing to help him or if he needs help ? 
  if they do something illegal then we have a law enforcement for that . 
  every refugee or immigrant should be explained he is a subject to our laws . 
  but you ca n't judge him before he commits something . 
  that would not only be unethical but also impossible . 
  you can have some sort of special crime prevention policies , but that 's about it . 
  if you know they are criminals then they are criminals and either they will not be accepted or arrested and extradited . 
  that 's not even a culture issue . 
  again , i do n't see how you can make a moral argument for helping or not helping somebody based on their culture . 
  why do you think it is relevant ? 
  then why do you need `` the practical solution '' if it is so clear ? 
  what other aspects ? 
  rise of xenophobia is real but this article is a bit crazy . 
  i feel like author is flustrated from his inability to sell his ideas home so he is writing in english . 
  for example bringing up expulsion of germans right in the begining seems just cheap and unnessasary . 
  i can invent arbirary group which will make you likely to be an islamist . 
  point is intelect alone should not be taken as sign of quality . 
  i do n't believe culture should be relevant . 
  you either think they they have legitimate reason to seek asylum or they do n't . 
  that 's all that should matter . 
  i do n't see how you could make a moral argument involving a culture in any way . 
  it is racist to make an asumption that any one particular immigrant is an islamist . 
  you are right people are anti-immigration for multiple reasons . 
  i am talking about this particular reason . 
  you only need one to justify the use of the word . 
  sadly intelect does not make people immune to their own personal biases . 
  criticism of islam is ok when it is relevant . 
  i do n't think it is revevant in the topic of refugee crissis . 
  edit : sorry for the edit , i thought i could expand on it a little before you react, 
  i do n't think this is about ideology . 
  the loudest critics of islam does not criticise as much those who promote islamism as simply brown people or immigrants from muslim countries . 
  they are making this dumb equation between them and islamists . 
  that is racist . 
  populism is very real phenomenon which voter should always avoid .
