  freedom of religion does n't give believers any extemptions from the law . 
  so children wo n't have that right either way . 
  difference is that in one case population wo n't benefit from the herd immunity which can protect those who ca n't be vaccinated because 95 % of the population will never agree on anything . 
  so , children will decide if they want to recieve an injection ? 
  i wonder what will be the answer . 
  tokamak is an old design , but it was iterated upon over the years . 
  modern tokamaks do n't have the same inefficient toroidal electromagnetic fields as the first devices in from the 50 's . 
  tokamaks benefited from faster computers too . 
  source ? 
  there are certainly more ways to cheese government grants . 
  i think what might be the point here is the make to project look expensive while it 's actually is n't , by using already developed technology and/or excess hardware . 
  aim is a grant that does n't require them to have any actual results , like feasibility study . 
  they could be still russia supported rebels . 
  that how russia invade foreign countries these days . 
  edit : typo, 
  i 'm sceptical . 
  fusion reactor has been researched for decades most experts seems to agree that the way forward is either bigger tokamak or laser pellet design . 
  also lockheed martin has a history of coming up with bs cheap ideas to gain goverment grants just to say that it wo n't work . 
  well , there is [ this document ] ( http://www.mzv.cz/file/198499/czechgermandeclaration.pdf ) . 
  first of all i 'm not justifying i 'm explaining . 
  your point that separation breeds xenophobia is valid but i do n't see how does that apply in a situation where czechs and germans already hate each other . 
  of course it 's wrong to expell the whole ethnic minority , but i do n't think he is making moral argument here . 
  point is that it 's very difficult to govern a nation where two major ethnic groups hate each other , especialy considering that the future was unknown and simple extrapolation of past behaviour of germany suggested future conflicts were likely . 
  expulsion of ethnic germans was n't the right solution but it was a solution . 
  it 's probably going to be very expensive . 
  i would guess about as expensive as off-shore wind power . 
  in this economy with generous renewable subsidies it makes sense to introduce expensive product . 
  they said it should produce 6mw ( probably installed power , meaning ideal conditions only ) . 
  their prototype is 600kw . 
  but this is not tidal power plant it a wave power plant . 
  no monarchy is your first priority ? 
  those are typical traits of extreme right . 
  of course they are by no means limited only to extreme right . 
  it will not help the leave cause , but it will help her in france . 
  positive media exposure is the number one priority . 
  nationalism , anti-immigration , some nazi apologetics , support russian intervention in ukraine , protectionism , populism , etc. 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  people complain all the time irrespective of the actual situation . 
  you ca n't draw any conclusions from that . 
  criticism is welcome , i always wonder how trustworthy similar reports are . 
  i just saw this ranking in a magazine and thought / r/europe would like that . 
  that wiki page does not say much , but the linked [ article ] ( http://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2016/02/09/what-if-anything-does-the-eurohealth-consumer-index-actually-tell-us/ ) is quite interesting . 
  do n't complain here . 
  i did n't make it . 
  [ full report ] ( http://www.healthpowerhouse.com/files/ehci_2015/ehci_2015_report.pdf ), 
  mao and stalin did upset the opposition , so according to your own words they did good work . 
  you trapped yourself in a stupid feedback loop . 
  the main foundation of eu the free trade is still strong . 
  it 's just too often taken for granted . 
  that 's the cost of expansion there is no easy way around that . 
  when eu deals with similar problems like poland government pushing these constitutional changes , it does n't need 100 % agreement it needs trust of its members , trust that despite the disagreement opposition means well . 
  to gain that trust eu needs a reputation , which it simply does not have . 
  eu simply does not have the power to do it regardless of the voting system . 
  and if it attempts to do that anyway it will only reinforce the reputation of being toothless in the foreign policy . 
  i disagree . 
  when there is a lack of trust , submitting to unanimous is an only option . 
  without it there would be no eu to begin with . 
  if you tried to change that eu would probably brake apart . 
  start with loose integration , build reputation and slowly continue with integration . 
  that the right way to do it . 
  you simply ca n't brute force more integration while dealing with euro crisis and britain holding referendum on exiting the union . 
  i do n't think media are to blame this time . 
  he is just as eloquent as ever . 
  zeman is no bilionare , but other than that they are almost identical . 
  come on , most of sweden is n't that cold . 
  why would you surrender to stupidty so easiely ? 
  why ? 
  what have changed ? 
  it 's just typical \u017di\u017eek driving his line of though to absurd conclusions . 
  it 's not stupid at all . 
  it 's right thing to educate people from foreign cultures reguardless whether they might already know or not . 
  it 's fair , it 's generous and it also a form of defence against eleborate excuses . 
  if they have been educated they say they did n't know . 
  you can lock them up or expel them with clear conscience . 
  their motivations to disrespect our rules are unimportant . 
  jewish people are an ethnic group . 
  it would be insane to claim otherwise . 
  according to islam their are to blame for over 2000 years old `` crimes '' simply becuase their ethnicity and deserve to be treated as second class citizens . 
  how is that not a discrimination ? 
  if you have separate rationalization for hating jews then you are an antisemite and it does n't matter what other groups of people you hate . 
  islam does have that . 
  it 's very similar to christianity , actually . 
  jews are blamed for killing jesus . 
  bombs have nothing to do with 19th century or earlier pogroms . 
  when angry mob specifically targets jews and hindus and other religious minorities it 's clearly anti-semitism plus however you which to call hatred against the rest . 
  quran and more importantly actual islamic tradition condemns and vilifies jews , polytheists separately . 
  trying to discard this as some kind of colateral damage is nonsense . 
  what ? 
  are you trying to say that anti-semitism does n't count if bundled together with other forms of hatered ? 
  germany is representative democracy . 
  she is the chancellor . 
  it 's literally her job . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  if that were true you would be happy closed in the padded room in a bunker . 
  safety is not the sole interest of german citizens . 
  i am not sure about that . 
  i think they scratched europa orbiter because ganymede is on much more accessible orbit . 
   i 've purposefully refrained from making an argument from authority , since facts should stand on their own . 
  is this some kind of a bad joke ? 
  you discarted all my arguments while pretending you could easiely demonstrate them wrong if you wanted to as if you are same kind of expert .
