  part of putin 's public image routine that he does actually respond to some criticism . 
  it might be bullshit non-answers , but he looks calm , unafraid and reasonable presenting it , which is good enough for some and annoys the rest . 
  it 's not wise to refuse to play the game , because nobody reasonable would engage in such silly game . 
  that might be true , but problem is most people are n't reasonable . 
  this is the problem with european politics in general , i believe . 
  there is not much appreciation for the power of speech , especially in dialog . 
  if we are so anxious about stability that we are not going to speak our mind to political allies , because it might damage them , and too pretentious to speak with unreasonable enemies , what scenario is left to exercise speech ? 
  i am sorry about that rant , i went a bit further then i thought i would . 
  i do n't like people who call for regulations or laws before they understood the problem . 
  measure twice and cut only once not the other way around . 
  i would think that would be a common sense . 
  you ca n't ban low quality products from the market , they have they place . 
  this is a problem with false advertising or on the edge of the law , such since it 's permitted to to modify a product for local market . 
  while that 's true it only rethorical difference , not substantial one . 
  the way trump conducts his business is not that different from what corrupt politicians do . 
  he is not exactly a hero entrepreneur people can look up to . 
  no , he is kind of difficult to categorise centrist . 
  he is a control freak with a large agricultural/food industry conglomerate . 
  he presented himself as an honest plain speaking businessman who can fix the government . 
  he is fiscally conservative , fight tax evasion with policies targeted at small businesses and supports high agricultural subsidies . 
  does not seem to care about anything else , so he makes a populist remarks from time to time to improve his standing . 
  admittedly coalition government managed to run the country smoothly , but i think it 's pretty transparent he serves himself and not the country . 
  it 's the biggest weakness of structural funds . 
  they feed political corruption , which can cause serious economic problems if left unchecked , but at the same time nations are disincentivised to expose corruption , because in that case eu will retract funding and leave public institutions in deeper trouble , than if there were no structural funds to begin with . 
  no , but his style of management is very authoritarian , both in agrofert and ano . 
  he indicated he wants to manage government in the same way . 
  they are not seen as saviours . 
  sobotka ended up looking like a fool , but at least this crisis exposed babi\u0161 to the public . 
  i do n't think \u010cssd is behind the leak . 
  i find it doubtful they have any influence in babi\u0161 's media . 
  constitutional crisis is the best summary of zeman 's presidency . 
  it looks to me like a mathematical tautology . 
  does he ever discuss economical significance of sectoral balances and gdp ? 
  we can play with numbers and define new variables , but without some logical connection to actual economy i do n't see a point . 
   in brief : if greece imports more than it exports ( which is typical for most eu member states ) then any government sector ` surplus ' means that the private sector dis-saves has to run a ` deficit ' by aggregate . 
  definition of gdp has more terms then that . 
  consumption , investment , government spending , the trade deficit and also do n't forgot about the other side of the equation the gdp itself . 
  too many variables to conclude anything of the sort . 
  also do n't forget about the money creation process . 
  total amount of broad money can grow even no new banknotes are printed !, 
  could be because alternative is n't that attractive . 
  i hear journalism has strong negative stigma in russia . 
  seems like a simple and perfectly intelligible sentence . 
  you should have no trouble formulating a response . 
  [ bernard bolzano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bernard_bolzano ) - mathematician , limits and \u03b5-\u03b4 notation [ gregor mendel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gregor_mendel ) - father of genetics [ sigmund freud ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sigmund_freud ) - psychoanalysis ( not really a science ) [ jan j\u00e1nsk\u00fd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_jansk%c3%bd ) - medicine , first description of blood types [ jaroslav heyrovsk\u00fd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jaroslav_heyrovsk%c3%bd ) - physical chemistry , polarography [ otto wichterle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_wichterle ) - macro-molecular chemistry , contact lenses and polyamid fibre [ anton\u00edn hol\u00fd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anton%c3%adn_hol%c3%bd ) - chemistry/medicine , discovery of important antiretroviral drugs, 
  i see values like fair play or liberty means nothing to you . 
  ngos can push whatever values they like . 
  unlike the state , which is bound by the constitution , they do n't have to be neutral . 
  there were actually few foreign observers . 
  osce did n't even send any , which is disappointing . 
  that 's some fine egocentrism . 
  he is never wrong of course , instead reality changes around him to accommodate his views . 
  fact that methodology differ from field to field does not mean there are no fundamental common principles . 
  it comes down to the simple fact that induction does not work , meaning that there is no way to verify any positive claim about world around us with finite amount of steps . 
  there are mathematical proofs of course , but mathematics does n't deal with the real world but instead abstract concepts . 
  there is however a way to prove any positive claim wrong , not only in the finite amount of steps , but it 's often much simpler than to construct the theory in the first place . 
  for example galileo correctly refused aristotelian mechanics or geocentrism with very simple counterexamples . 
  some people find that disrespectful , but it 's a correct way to do science . 
  since this process of elimination is the only viable way to achieve progress , we must n't get too attached to theories or big names . 
  this is where the popper 's falsification comes from . 
  since it 's only simple consequence on what i said above and there are no field specific assumptions , it must be an universal principle . 
  right , feierabend . 
  do n't get me started on him . 
  science is can be understood as a game . 
  to claim that there is no optimal strategy to expand boundaries of knowledge is ridiculous . 
  by the way popper 's scientific method is not that restrictive to inhibit random discoveries . 
  creation of illusion of knowledge is far greater concern . 
  for example there was a controversy with some medical journals do n't accept studies which fail to disprove null hypothesis for example , which make falsely positive discoveries difficult to disprove . 
  this is just a tip of an iceberg . 
  there are so many field which are not concerned with methodology at all . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  philosophy is n't a science , it 's just an academic discipline . 
  it 's just an umbrella term to all serious attempts at solving problems . 
  you ca n't say it a best approach to a particular problem , because philosophy can be anything . 
  there are no standards . 
  it can be good or bad . 
  if you think no person every wasted his life studying something useless , you are horribly mistaken . 
  there are so many contradictory philosophies , dead ends and so many smart people developing those philosophies , that it 's certain great many people did waste their lives earning doctorates in the process . 
  you can get doctorate in theology for crying about loud and there is no way all different religions and denominations can be true . 
  to suggest statistician or journalist could no possibly approach the problem is laughable . 
  anyone can approach any problem . 
  sometime lack of formal education is even an advantage . 
  makes you less likely to have a bias . 
  makes you less likely to have succumbed to the illusion of knowledge , which is a massive problem in fields , where merit is only measured by the popularity among the educated public alone . 
  did you ever heard about the doctor fox lecture ? 
  aristotelian natural philosophy is another great example of this . 
  aristotle was way too smart and so he could get away with a lot of nonsense , which created illusion of knowledge , which was fortunately dispelled by science . 
  it 's important to remember there are a lot of fields , which never embraced testing . 
  citing sources is a good practice , but it 's in no way sufficient . 
  you can still have popular nonsense , which can get prominent academics to write about it to get cited , which in turn let you write a review with many citations , creating once again an illusion it 's truth . 
  fact that in many fields this is considered good enough is very alarming . 
  yes , i am relying heavily on methodology of stem field and for a good reason . 
  those are only fields that are piling up actual evidence , which i can trust . 
  the risk of devolving into an academic circlejerk is low . 
  perhaps i do n't know that much about philosophy , but i do n't need to to label marx as unscientific . 
  all i need is to have fundamental understanding of science and marx . 
  i do n't know what he collected , but i do know that he based his ideas on philosophy . 
  application of philosophy to scientific problems is not wise . 
  marx 's theory is a top down purposefully build belief system , not a result of gradual and iterative scientific process of guessing the theory , computation of its consequences and comparison with observation . 
  i do n't know .
