  that 's not usefull as emergency backup but that is about the right time frame to compensate for natural fluctuations of renewables . 
   they focus on coal due to the unexpected closure of their nuclear plants , and the subsdies for employment that coal mines in germany get . 
  is that because nuclear power plants are unreliable in general or is that because germany is abadoming nuclear power and is for this reason left with older less reliable power plants ? 
  nothing really happen . 
  su did n't take safety seriously to begin with . 
  the point with renewables is unlike nuclear they can not cover 100 % of consumption without major drawbacks . 
  take gemany for example . 
  i think on average 25 % procent of their electricity production is covered by renewables . 
  on the good day they could produce even 100 % . 
  trouble is they can not use that power efficiently because their power grid is lacking . 
  they are just wasting energy . 
  other day they might be producing near to 0 % . 
  i does n't matter how much do you have instaled you will always need primary source which can produce electricity on demand to compensate for bad weather . 
  only nuclear , thermal and hydro can do that . 
  hydro is already maxed out to its potencial and nukes will be banned so only one option is left . 
  no wonder german industry focuses on coal . 
   the problem is that it always is cheaper to cut corners on safety . 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's much cheaper to get such a technology via contract and submit to foreing supervision and comply with their safety standards than to develop it for yourself . 
  i think nuclear and reneables mix is an optimal solution . 
  reneables are secondary power source and unless there will major inovations in grids and energy storage it will remain that way . 
  most countries countries have the technology and those who have often prefer to buy new reactors anyway . 
  it is relatively straight forward to develop but it takes time and resources . 
  so you can if not deny then at least presure them to take the safety seriously . 
  i would n't be for pernament denial of technologies anyway . 
  i am not for nuclear energy as a global energy solution . 
  i think countries which are capable of using nuclear energy safely should do so to reduce co2 emisions . 
  it 's shame that germany abandoning nukes and replacing them with coal . 
  i case of some huge disaster , i expect mildly radioactive water to be least of our problems . 
  it can be build . 
  we are not in hurry plants we have can store their own waste . 
  building a waste storage is just a matter of will . 
  technology is availible . 
  i do n't believe it will ever happen again unless we start exporting nuclear power into unstable third world countries . 
  ussr was really exceptionaly bad at this . 
  this no reason for stable developed countries such a germany to stop using nuclear power . 
  i checked the cook book . 
  czech goulash , hungarian goulash and porkolt are three different recepies . 
  perkolt uses fresh tomatoes hungarian . 
  goulash uses fresh paprikas . 
  czech goulash uses neither of those . 
  that would be 30kg plus glass . 
  how much is it ? 
  15 two-liter glasses ? 
  russia conquered east half of ukraine in 1650 , rest was gradually gained over centuries of wars with poland , austria and the ottomans . 
  i do n't know in which metric is this close to a millenium nor how you can call it living side by side as brothers . 
  actually second thing does n't surprise me that much . 
  in czech language meaning of fraternity was shifted a bit thanks to decades of overuse of the words by the soviet propaganda . 
  first i thought it was a repost but it seems guardian just recycles old [ articles ] ( http://cs.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/24cks5/barbarism_with_a_human_face_by_slavoj_zizek/ ) . 
  no , parlament as a whole put up their candidate . 
  cdu and some other national parties might rebel against epp . 
  i would n't say no to that i just do n't expect it will help much with that hangover . 
  it 's a cure for acetalaldehyde poisoning which is what hangover de facto is . 
  germany does not have same-sex marriage to begin with and afd do n't want to abolish civil unions . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  what exactly do you expect will happen if the afd get more power ? 
  i like it . 
  it saves paper . 
  i know what admissible means but what are those rules ? 
  admissible ? 
  how is that you can make ballot paper so compact ? 
  we had to choose from 43 parties . 
  most of those parties have zero chance to get a mandate but they run anyway just because they can . 
  you choose a party you wish to vote for and you may circle up to two candidates then you close it in the yellow envelope you get at the polling station . 
  we use d'hondt method as well . 
  it 's a method of counting votes . 
  it has nothing to do with the shape or form of ballot papers . 
  how does proper vote look like ? 
  i would n't know what to do with this . 
  czech ks\u010cm is a menber of the gue/ngl is a communist party . 
  they are marxist and in some cases stalinist who will deny any wrongdoing on the part of former communist regime . 
  you 're looking at winners in various regions sorted by their affiliation with [ parlamentary groups ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_groups_of_the_european_parliament ) . 
  you choose individual groups from the dropbox in the upper right corner to see just their votes . 
  i did n't notice that . 
  i do n't think it 's a political statement though . 
  it says `` oblast irland , irsko '' . 
  '' [ irsko ] ( http://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/irsko ) '' is short name for the republic of irland . 
  generally all written works , be it law , literature , news articles or scientific papers , are only accessible for the public after they are finished . 
  why should this particular treaty be an exception ? 
  edit : spelling, 
   the lack of transparency and democratic procedures , ... 
  i would like to know exactly how they imagine negotiation process which would they call transarent and democratic . 
  i think current system is sufficient . 
  parlament will have to read and vote on the final text of the agreement . 
  i do n't think participation of our meps in the negotiation process would increase chance of reachig any reasonable compromise . 
   `` it is likely that ttip will address copyright and patents ... '' i would n't call that acta 2.0, 
  you 're saying something can be both true and untrue ?!, 
  you are much crazier than i thought . 
  this conversation is over . 
  your are especialy pathetic human being if you rather claim 2 +2 = 5 than admit your own mistake . 
  nothing can be both certain and uncertain . 
  nothing can be both true and untrue . 
  that is fundamental axiom of logic . 
  to kill means to cause death . 
  both death and causation have clear objective scientific definitions . 
  i do n't see what is so amusing about that . 
   you can write clear instructions without pertaining to a black and white view of the world . 
  you 're contradicting yourself if you can write clear instructions on what is what then the problem is black and white as you say . 
  some problems are black and white . 
  for example killing can be clearly defined by law .
