  when you start giving numbers that 's when i want sources not guaranties . 
  i will need a source for that . 
  exactly predicting the economic effect is no easy task but since mechanization did n't make poor poorer i think it will be fine . 
  it 's no `` trickle down '' when you benefit from the lower prices . 
  you are just repeating the same old ignorant nonsense that machines and/or cheap labour takes your jobs . 
  surely you are better qualified than a refugee who do n't even know the language . 
  you might as well say that cheap oil greatly profit the super rich . 
  technically true but it gives a false impression it benefit the super rich only . 
  i think you are way too scared of neutron radiation . 
  it can be contained and it pretty much only poses a danger to the reactor parts . 
  you are wrong in all five points . 
  1 ) nuclear fusion produces stable helium and neutron radiation which will stop immediately as soon as reaction is stopped and since necessary conditions to sustain nuclear fusion are so extreme it will simply fizzle out in case of any disaster . 
  it has no inertia and no risk of fallout like fission reactors . 
  2 ) this will have exactly opposite effect . 
  given the chaotic nature of weather you will need to build significantly more capacity than if you used more reliable sources . 
  this also mean you will need to distribute random overproduction much further away to use it . 
  this is already a problem in germany . 
  they need to make significant upgrades to they transmission system to accommodate random overproduction from the wind farms concentrated along the northern coast . 
  3 ) this is nonsense . 
  electric cars can use both electricity from nuclear and renewable sources . 
  electric cars are reality , nuclear and solar cars are not . 
  both is technically possible but not practical . 
  in terms of potential solar cars are limited by the energy density . 
  even with thermodynamicly impossible 100 % efficient solar panels , no atmosphere , 6 square meter will only give you cca 8.2 kw . 
  that 's not what would i call great potential . 
  thats barely enough to power a small car . 
  4 ) your suspicion alone is not a valid criticism . 
  you need to study each piece of technology to estimate how likely it is to be abused with bad intention . 
  nuclear fusion is actually very safe . 
  it can not be weaponized except as a power source like in hypothetical fusion powered ships for example . 
  but even nuclear fission technology is quite safe . 
  after all we know that iran is breaking nonproliferation agreement since they started developing enrichment facilities which are unnecessary for their nuclear power purposes . 
  that 's the same level of safety as you could expect in renewable only world . 
  5 ) as i pointed out above nuclear fusion produce no nuclear waste except for induced radiation in decomishioned reactor parts which are much safer . 
  that 's not even a part of a debate about nuclear waste . 
  you are mistaken . 
  peer pressure is much more effective than a rational argument . 
  not that i do n't enjoy rational arguments but i understand that people , especialy those who are very emotional and like to overreact , are unlikely to be convinced by reasonable arguments . 
  i am anti-overreacting not pro-censorship . 
  i do n't care very much about what is helping which side . 
  i just want to see reasonable discusion here . 
  calling people on being silly or even mocking them is my way fighting against what could be called a bad culture . 
  does not matter . 
  if you use popularity as a measure of importance you are just giving in to crowd mentality . 
  people are known to panic even about things that does not affect them at all . 
  like when mayan calendar , which nobody is using any more , did finish one of its great counts . 
  popularity should not be confused with importance . 
  otherwise you may as well argue that based on popularity that the celebrity which shall not be named is the most important issue . 
  your country is building expensive fence which will not do anything in my opinion . 
  i see that as a desperate attempt to contain uncontainable . 
  i am no anarchist . 
  i just realize that all laws are made with some ordinary situation in mind and are not always applicable to extraordinary situations , which this refugee crisis is . 
  if you have such extraordinary situation then it 's time to rethink the law not blindly obey the law , which was created by people who very likely did not even consider this situation . 
  yes , i understand it 's natural human behavior , but that does not mean it 's right . 
  illegality is n't all that important to me . 
  i mean cannabis is illegal but somehow i do n't think you would have much success with this `` illegal therefore bad '' argument . 
  yes , this refugee crisis is a real concern which should be addressed . 
  i do n't blame people that they are afraid of migrants , but i am not convinced that catching them on the border no matter the cost is wise . 
  that 's a bit too much skepticism even for me . 
  i feel like an emperical study that would show that people value money would be worthy of ig nobel prize . 
  threat is simply a wrong word to describe people wandering around . 
  i mean if you had instead of humans migrating animals , say large herbivores , you probably would n't describe it as a threat . 
  ok , my bad . 
  i did confuse the absolute numbers with increase . 
  still do n't understand why did / u/luvbeer start to talk about terorist instead of immigrants . 
  you it can be somewhat effective against terrorist , but it 's not effective against immigration . 
  i guess you must be one of those people who think all immigrants are terorists . 
  no , it does n't work for israel either . 
  they had 55,000 illegal immigrants in 2012 . 
  slowing somebody a few minutes is not worth the money . 
  creating congestion is possibly even contraproductive as it can create volatile situations which are difficult for the police to handle . 
  what do you even think police is supposed to do when they are comming through the fence one by one every few seconds ? 
  there is only limmited number of people limited number of officers can detain . 
  how is that any better that catching them randomly later ? 
  that 's just one big straw man . 
  `` general education '' ! = `` knowledge '' `` not enough '' ! = `` no use '', 
  that 's not what i said . 
  if you want tl ; dr take a first sentence from my previous post . 
  it 's imposible to have them guarding every possible route to the country . 
  as i said before fence wo n't do anything . 
  what you can do is reduce the responce time of your police . 
  sounds to me that you need reenforce your police instead of sending people to the border building and watching fences . 
  so should be done when your capacities are full ? 
  atempt to stop them or let them go to countries which are willing to accept refugees ? 
  if you have to deal with them on daily basis and yet have no evidence to share that could underline the threat you are talking about , i think it 's fine . 
  when many people are crossing border illegaly it could mean one of two things . 
  either your border security is grossly inadequate or your laws are unprepared for this reality of humanitarian crisis . 
  if you do n't want to give them welfare you do n't have to . 
  what i do n't understand is why you are in favour of expensive fence when are so concerned about money . 
  edit : typo, 
  of course i am serious . 
  i see you have no idea . 
  you only assume they are threat because they are outgroup , not a member of your `` tribe '' . 
  i mean statisticly speaking about .17 % of hungarians are in prison right now . 
  i do n't think it 's too much of a streach to assume you have about 1 % criminals total . 
  does this justify other countries in threating hungarian immigrants as a threat . 
  of course i can know . 
  similar efforts on us-mexican border had no effects and it is already known there will be holes in the fence . 
  you are basicly saying : `` at least you are doing something against something which you do n't even know if it is a threat . '', 
  how it is in any way rational ?
