  the french nuclear energy society , an industry group , estimates that the law could ultimately lead to the closure of 22 reactors and cost $ 40bn , with some analysts predicting that as a consequence of the closures france would even have to fall back on fossil fuels to make up for the power generation gap . 
   a recent survey of french energy experts by the grenoble ecole de management concluded that the new law would likely lead to a rise in the use of natural gas , even if the resulting increase in renewable energy would be larger . 
   some experts question whether a widespread nuclear closure programme would be feasible , given the country 's dependence on nuclear fuel and the cost associated with shutting plants . 
   the difficulties for the government were exemplified this year over the decision to close fessenheim , one of france 's oldest reactors . 
  it was scheduled to be closed by 2017 , but in september mr hollande pushed back the closure to 2018 because it could not replace the electricity lost fast enough . 
   one estimate by the french parliament in 2014 put the cost of closing fessenheim at $ 5bn , adding it would also `` have a direct impact '' on 2,000 jobs . 
   to address the mounting issues facing the industry the government brokered consolidation between different parts of the sector , with the struggling reactor division of areva being sold to edf , which operates all of the country 's 58 reactors . 
   but despite the government 's intervention , the new law is an unwelcome challenge to the supremacy of the nuclear industry in france . 
  i think russia just likes to pretend people would want to migrate from norway to russia . 
  i do n't like greenpeace but that does not change anything . 
  universal human rights are universal . 
  i do n't think it 's ok for the police to use special powers they were given to fight quite specific terrorist treat on those protesters . 
  right is often exact opposite of constructive . 
  justified or not , i see this as a concrete example of a damage to civil liberties caused by this state of emergency . 
  three months seems like a very long time . 
  what is a luxury is a matter perspective . 
  i view this additional powers as a luxury and civil liberties as essential . 
  it 's just another name for isis . 
  what 's with all this apocalypse and death cult ? 
  this is second time i 've heard this and did find very little reference to this anywhere else . 
  as far as i know isis is standard wahhabi jihadist group simmilar to al-qaeda and other . 
  it 's actually public support for free speech . 
   despite freedom of speech you should n't say things that can get people killed when you know it will lead directly to people getting killed . 
  they did n't know that . 
  earthquake was to their best knowledge unlikely . 
  they were asked to give their expert opinion and that 's what they did . 
  they were wrong . 
  it 's unfortunate but there was no malitious intent , no dirrect resposibility . 
  there are n't even any set of definied duties and rules for seismologists you can point to in order to say they were negligent . 
  seismology is relatively young and primary academic discipline . 
  it would be wrong to hold them reposible as if they were same sort of earthquake prevention public service . 
  because they simply are n't , not even if they were invited to some expert committee . 
  ... and it is absurd . 
  but knowledge is impossible in principle . 
  there is no amount of clearly objectively defined `` science work '' to be done before you can say something with certainty . 
  measure of certainty is highly subjective . 
  what may be convincing for some is not enough for others and anything can be wrong . 
  what you are saying is therefore equivalent to what i said . 
  you either allow scientists to share their possibly wrong professional opinions or you do n't . 
  there is no middle ground . 
  that 's a false analogy . 
  there is no legal relation between scientists and the public which could be compared to relation between mcdonald and its customers . 
  scientists have no legal obligation . 
  before the law they are just ordinary people . 
  so , according to you it should be also possible to sue meteorologist for a wrong weather forecast ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  it would literally kill all natural sciences , if scientist were not allowed to be wrong . 
  falsification is a absolutely essential step in the scientific method !, 
  looks like i am wasting my breath , but it should n't be that hard to understand the difference individuals and a demonstration . 
  i said that demonstration was not allowed due to potential conflict , that 's true . 
  you are saying that a few student were allowed in with the rector which does not contradict what i said , group of about 40 students were not let in . 
  i do know konvi\u010dka , i do n't care about his taste in music . 
  in the topic of islam he is clearly on the side of the far-right . 
  his opinions on islam and muslims are govern by his prejudices and often border racism and history denial , since islamic golden age and many mathematicians and astronomers apparently never existed according to him . 
  first zeman is a leftist but no democrat , definitely not representative of social democracy , konvi\u010dka and his iv\u010crn is undeniably far-right . 
  second it 's a student day not politician day . 
  when politicians like zeman try to hijack it for their interests they should not expect students to be happy . 
  protests last year were justified , though it was unfortunate heads of foreign states were affected by that . 
  third it is true that student demonstration was not allowed because potential conflict . 
  only individuals could come . 
  for instance rector of charles university wanted to come together with group of students ( about 40 people ) , but they were not allowed by the police . 
  you are clearly in error here . 
  this needs context . 
  this rally de facto took over albertov where students remember events of 1939 when student protest was violently supresed by nazi germany , to promote far right . 
  students are now forced to move their event to sunday , because apparently his ego ca n't take criticism . 
  because he was booed and eggs was thrown at him last year . 
  this speech is clearly meant as an insult nothing more . 
  zeman is like that . 
  he holds grudges for years and decades . 
  they ca n't destroy a civilization with terrorist attracts . 
  you think criminals are stupid ? 
  :d crime is more like a disease that spreads , can be healed and punishment is a form of treatment . 
  it does n't depend on the intelligence that much . 
  sure there is plenty of petty criminals that might bring the average iq down a bit . 
  but there is also plenty of seasoned criminals who know their trade . 
  obviously those idiots you can hear about are not them . 
  seller should not be allowed to take such a risk . 
  it 's obvious moral hazard . 
  he would be placing third party at risk . 
  that third party should be represented by the state/government which should impose regulation to minimalise that risk . 
  anything less is an anarchy . 
  i think a good criminal have a ways to insure against that . 
  besides shooting a firearm seller is exceptionaly stupid thing to do . 
  most people do n't want to hurt anyone , or maybe they do but they have conscience that stops them . 
  point is `` most '' is not enough . 
  you migh as well decriminalise murder if you take that logic to its absurd conclusion . 
  in other words you can legaly sell a gun to a raging psychopath or extremist as long as he has no criminal record , to your knowledge . 
  those people usualy have none . 
  what 's stopping you from simply not asking or even caring anyway ? 
  as i understand it those federal backround checks can by bypassed by buying privately . 
  seems like a big hole in the american legislation . 
  us is the opposite extreme . 
  i am not saying that we should rely on individual self-defence . 
  i am saying that self-defence should not be a privilege of the authorities . 
  seems like their self-defence law is inadequate . 
  perhaps they should rather amend it instead of this `` military intervention '' . 
  edit : seriously , when article implies that lethal force in self-defence is only valid when your life is in danger then it 's way too strict . 
  anyone should be able to use lethal force to defend life of others or even property , things of significant value like great works of art or important roads , bridges , power transmissions etc. 
  does anyone of those who downvoted me seriously think that killing a terrorist to prevent him from destroying for example the louvre is wrong ? 
  i do n't think so .
