sure , now after he captured a part of ukraine und upset half of the world , he wants stability and balance . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that means the show ca n't be broadcasted over the internet and that steam will continue in 12:00 , which is now by the way in case you are in different time zone . 
  i think czech television stream should work for foreigners . 
  i am not sure , please let me know . 
  you faith in bureaucracy truly amazes me . 
  because we have this [ european regional development fund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_regional_development_fund ) and estonia as it has below average gdp per capita is entiteled to use to that money to develop infrastructure . 
  `` general '' refer to the `` condemnation '' not `` policies '', 
   `` general condemnation of economic liberalization policies '' means ** all ** economic liberalization policies . 
  that 's not how english language work . 
  i can not add `` all '' whereever you would like . 
  absence of closer specification means `` some '' not `` all '' . 
   you are confusing `` leftists '' with `` communists '' . 
  i am not claiming all leftists are communist . 
  i am claiming leftists use communist arguments . 
   german freiberg school did ... do you understand that [ freiberg school ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freiburg_school ) is not an actual school with students and teachers but so called `` school of thought '' , in other words philosophy or ideology ? 
  philosophy or ideology ca n't do anything . 
  that 's pretty good summation in the single sentence , if you ask me . 
  you may ask how did the meaning change , but i think it 's quite obvious . 
  it has been excessively used by leftists as a replacement word for capitalism to reuse old communist aguments since bashing capitalism is n't cool any more . 
  without proper definition , and since pretty much nobody else is using it , word became not much more than a synonym for a beating dummy . 
  yet it started with very specific meaning not empty as you wrote in your other comment . 
  you proved it yourself with that research article quote . 
  not sometimes but mostly and secondly meaning shifts with the word 's usage . 
  most words we use tuday have different meanings than when they were first used . 
  no , chimpanzee is a hominid . 
  see , it 's not so hard . 
  ca n't you give me straight answer for once ? 
   it just said it was n't a free market economy , but a combination of that and a welfare state - that means it is distinctly not a free market economy . 
  tell me is polar bear a bear ? 
   `` today the term is mostly used as a general condemnation of economic liberalization policies and their advocates . '', 
  do you even read your own links ? 
  you did n't said that directly but it is inescapable consequence of what you said . 
  if there is not a single example that term could be used to describe nor there ever will be then the term is meaningless . 
  i am not the only who considers sweden a free market economy . 
  check the [ nordic model ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ) wiki page . 
   which involves the combination of a free market economy with a welfare state . 
   is aimed specifically at enhancing individual autonomy , promoting social mobility and ensuring the universal provision of basic human rights , as well as for stabilizing the economy , alongside a commitment to free trade . 
   the economist described its countries as `` stout free-traders who resist the temptation to intervene even to protect iconic companies '' while also looking for ways to temper capitalism 's harsher effects i honestly do n't know where you got this idea that nordic countries are not free market economies . 
  sorry for attempting to make myself clear . 
  now i see that i need to make meaningless distinctions to argue with people like you . 
  i disagree with that . 
  you need certain regulation in order to maintain free market so that prices are n't dictated by other entities than the government , monopolies , oligopolies etc. 
  but even if you were right then your are cutting branch you are sitting on with this argument . 
  it proves your intelectual dishonesty . 
  if you really believed that free market is meaningless term you would have no reason to claim that sweden is not free market economy . 
  that is like if colorblind person argueing something is not green . 
  not just that . 
  it 's pretty thick book . 
  he consider very wide definition of violence which includes things like bullying and he also writes about develepment in 20 . century in great detail . 
  he dedicated more than 100 pages to this topic in chapter 7 . 
  so does the us . 
  if any regulation can be taken as a proof that said economy is n't free market economy , then there is n't a single free market economy in the world . 
  that would be difficult case to argue . 
  wiki :  `` a free market is a market system in which the prices for goods and services are set freely by consent between sellers and consumers , in which the laws and forces of supply and demand are free from any intervention by a government , price-setting monopoly , or other authority . '', 
  swedish government does n't set prices therefore sweden is a free market economy . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   what he considers fairly recent changes in culture unless he meant positive changes , which i very much doubt , i do n't see a difference between this and my understanding that people are becoming worse . 
  this pressure is very often self-imposed . 
  but even if it were n't it 's not a problem of `` neoliberalism '' but rather problem of successful people being dicks . 
   you think ? 
  can you back that up with numbers ? 
  the better angels of our nature by steven pinker, 
  nordic model is just fancy name for free market capitalism plus some other policies . 
  there is so much wrong with this article i do n't even know where to start . 
  it 's simply not true that there is some recent trend of people becoming more cruel or generaly worse . 
  on the contrary people are much less tolerant of violence and evil than ever before . 
  things like bullying or racial or gender dicrimination causes great outrage now yet those things we generaly tolerated merely 50 years ago . 
  also i do n't think sociopathy or lack of moral instinct and empathy is the worst humanity has to offer . 
  while it 's true that leaders and top bussiness possitions have much higher occurence these traits , it does not mean all these people are cruel , inconsiderate of others or outright evil . 
  leaders are bound to make decisions that will affect a lot of people and since they are only human they will make mistakes which will harm lot of people . 
  it 's just much easier for sociopaths to get over it . 
  moreover bussiness and interhuman interaction in general is based on trust . 
  reckless person might be able to scam few people and get some short term advatage this way but once he will made his bad reputation he is screwed . 
  rational person even if he feels no empathy or moral instinct understand this very well . 
  i think the worst humanity has to offer is ignorance , hatered and prejudice . 
  fanatics and hatefull people are not sociopaths they act based on their misguided moral feelings . 
  lastly this overrepresentation of sociopaths in leader possitions is n't characteritic of `` neoliberalism '' whatever is meant by that . 
  it always was this way and it always will . 
  nothing can change that . 
  sweden and us are based on identical economic systems , free market . 
  how they choose to spend their tax money is a question that have nothing to do with economic system . 
  you read it wrong . 
  '' ... culminating in 2002 in a historical maximum of 86 % . 
  since around the turn of the century this growth has levelled off and has remained constant at around the 85 % mark for the last ten years . '', 
  and kashiwazaki-kariwa recently has very low capacity factor because it was shut down most of the time , but it did run at much higher capacity factors in the past . 
  can you give me that citation for 70-80 % ? 
  source i found says that global median is cca 85 % and that best performers consistently maintain 95 % . 
  i do n't think it is fair to compare all nukes ( including old and experimental/research ) with new wind turbines . 
  it is now . 
  our central bank took action last autumn and changed exchange rate for euro from 25 czk/eur to 27 czk/eur . 
  do you really think democracies never do anything unfair ? 
  what about hungary 's recent raid of norway funded ngos ? 
  i am aware that healthcare is very expensive in the us . 
  but that a failure of your government . 
  it has nothing to do with ttip . 
  i do . 
  however isds does n't allow investor to to ignore any law they would like . 
  it generally protects the investor against arbitrary legislative changes or executive actions intended to harm the investor . 
  because that 's not how economics work .
