  perhaps that 's relative but i really do n't see that or perhaps we should n't think about this border between the east and the west as a sharp line . 
  what are you saying ? 
  that conservatism is not peaceful ? 
  that we should only accept people of the same politial beliefs ? 
  in my experience westerners tend to emphatise form over content when they express themselves publicly , sometimes so much that they simply ca n't say anything worth saying . 
  we on the other hand are very open and do n't care too much about what could be offesive . 
  from one extreme to another . 
  there are virtually no costs to begin with . 
  telephone companies are only charging the fees because they can get away with it , since there is a oligopol of only a few companies . 
   you can ... is n't that hard ... ( wiktionary quote ) you keep saying that yet you refuse to give me anything i can work with . 
  by the way i do n't want you to explain what the sociology is . 
  obviously i do know about sociology . 
  politics are in the scope of sociology to . 
  i just think election results and ideological shifts are more meaningful pieces of evidence than some anecdotes . 
  by the way we always had physical classes separated by sex . 
  does there is islamization in progress here ? 
  right , i would n't call it an islamisation , because the effect , if there even is any , is smaller than the smallest effect i can recognize , indistinguishable from nothing . 
  if you have a better method , then please show it to me , otherwise do n't waste my time with general words about `` basic sociology '' . 
  i do n't see the disagreement . 
  quantify means to assign a number or value . 
  not all things that have noticeable impact are quantifiable !, 
  it may have an impact but i am pretty sure the only way reasonably quantify that impact is by political power . 
  right and al capone was convicted of tax evasion . 
  name of the crime is n't really the main point here . 
  unless there is an islamic political movement gaining power , i would n't called it a `` islamisation '' trend . 
  besides if i extrapolate the datapoints you gave me it give me about 11 % by the year 2100 . http://imgur.com/ksxzmcf, 
  hitchens was talking against censoring a holocaust denial book . 
  the same argument does n't apply to calling for racial violence which was what this guy was apparently guilty of . 
  i do n't think there should be special laws agains nazism and neo-nazism as opposed just general laws against incitement and/or hate crime , on the other hand it 's understadable in europe as relict of post war order . 
  i do n't know enough about this `` glorification of nazism '' case . 
  but now we know he is clearly violent and dangerous . 
  i would n't call him a `` poor guy '' . 
  muslim populations are concentrated in cities so i would n't look for answers in the link you gave . 
  10 % number for france is an upper estimate it 's most likely less . 
  are we talking about the same crime ? 
  this was obviously an assault . 
  i think simmilar study into what policies anti-refugee people want could be interesting , considering how authoratian polititians like orban or zeman are suddenly popular . 
  that does n't look very trustworthy . 
  i guess it might be [ anthropoid ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4190530/ ) . 
  yes , if nazism had some other non-political dimensions i would tolerate them while i would still condemn nazism as a political ideology . 
  nothing would change . 
  i do n't think i can possibly judge everyone , especially when i consider many supported nazis before it their crimes became public knowledge . 
  besides nazism has no other dimension except the political one . 
  there is no analog to worship to be tolerated in the first place . 
  even then it 's very different . 
  you ca n't just assume every single believer is a fundamentalist . 
  religions are despite what religious authorities says are very fluid . 
  they change over time . 
  you ca n't justify banning things like worship just because some different people of technically the same religion done something . 
  tolerating a religion and tolerating attempts to limit freedom of expression are two very different things . 
  ... it 's a duck , assuming you know what ducks look like , which you obviously do n't . 
  shut up . 
  they are not forbiden to speak czech and even if they were it does n't justifies bringing up nazi crimes . 
  it 's disrespectful to victims of nazism . 
  that 's what the mother claims . 
  but there is no evidence of wrongdoing publicly availible because juvenile courts are secret . 
  mother , who made this case public and presents herself as a victim , of course have all the documents including all the evidence from the court , but she choose not to share it . 
  ambassador was disinvited because assurences that there would be no adoption proved to be just empty words , at least that 's what the government claims . 
  final draw of acta was realesed on 15th of april 2011 . 
  european parliament voted on 4th of july 2012 . 
  reminds me of milo\u0161 zeman . 
  he is total asshole too and people voted for him as a sign of a protest against a status quo . 
  do n't do it !, 
  except it is n't really population map . 
  spain and france have much lower population density than germany and italy . 
   no one has to tolerate persecution of converts to islam . 
  of course not , that 's why i called it a misconception . 
  i heard this idea from several muslims . 
  also indonesia has this system where you ca n't change your religion yet it claims to have freedom of religion and is sometimes given as a example of majority muslim country with religious tolerance . 
  i am not saying that germany does n't have freedom of religion because the basic law is written as carefully as universal declaration of human rights to be comprehensible to arabic speaking muslims . 
  problem is that the basic law does not clear their common misconception about freedom of religion that they can persecute against ex-muslims and have to tolerate if the same would be done to converts to islam . 
  good idea in principle but problem is that the basic law is n't exactly shining example of secularism . 
  no mention of separation of church and state . 
  it does not explicitly says individuals have right to change their religion or renounce it . 
  it give parents right to decide whether their children shall recieve religious instruction in state schools . 
  nothing surprising really , hypocrisy is what they get when they base their policies on anger rather than reason . 
  sadly the general response of / r/europe to this piece of news was n't any different . 
  right suddenly cares about refugees and left suddenly forgot about the idea of the universal basic income . 
  i mean when the refugees are on special benefits it actually makes some sense , both economically and socially , to have exception from minimal wage as long as they have the refugee status . 
  i think it 's an idea worth at least considering . 
  i got no response to the actual idea . 
  everybody seems to care only about which side is this piece of news targeted against . 
  this madness made a serious damage to this community . 
  there are both private institutions . 
  i think for example roman van\u011bk is doing pretty good job . 
  as i said , it 's a known problem , but change is slow . 
  that article is about self sufficiency , which is not the same thing . 
  i am not sure how exactly it works . 
  i think it 's often ordered to be made locally by some factory consumer would n't know . 
  anyway i believe when they lend their name to something consumer has every right to direct the criticism at that brand . 
  i understand that there might be legitimate reason to alter the product slightly , but unfortunately it 's too often just an excuse for using cheaper ingredients . 
  perhaps you count babi\u0161 as slovak . 
  seriously foreign capital controls about 20 % . 
  that 's not true . 
  there are better products . 
  i think situation is slowly improving . 
  also most czech food industry is mostly in czech hands . 
  your responses are getting shorter and shorter . 
  there is nothing special about france besides it 's bit more nuclear friendly . 
  other countries could store nuclear waste too , but they do n't want to per popular demand .
