  three miles island is clasified as less serious . 
  that navy sailors story is also ridiculous . 
  they were n't even anywhere close . 
  they are a fucking disgrace to us navy . 
  what good is a sailor that is not willing to risk even unmeasurably small increase in cancer risk . 
  that is like a firefighter who would sue over being exposed to second hand smoke during a rescue operation while waiting in a car . 
  there your problem . 
  one hundred years is way too pessimistic number . 
  if a single power plant should blow up on average every 100 years , we would have 4 nuclear disasters every year . 
  in reality there are only 3 major disaster in the whole history of civilian nuclear power , most expensive of which is not going to cost 6 trillion to clean up . 
  pessimistic numbers are at least ten times smaller . 
  that insurance estimate is ridiculously overblown . 
  there is no source for the calculation beside generic german government . 
  and that `` c '' is just a typo you have blindly copied . 
   $ 3.39 c/kwh what is that , cca 3 dollars or 3 cents ? 
  your source does n't really help . 
  last time i doing some quick estimates for japan i got about one cent per kwh , which is significantly less that renewable feed-in tariffs . 
  when it 's not an opinion but command or suggestion ? 
  like for example systematic vilification of someone and then posting his address . 
  that still sound pretty bad . 
   the eu is set to issue the biggest cartel fine in its history , punishing europe 's largest truckmakers over charges that they fixed prices and delayed the introduction of new emission technologies . 
   margrethe vestager , eu competition commissioner , issued the original charge sheet against daf , daimler , iveco , scania , man and volvo/renault in 2014 . 
  four of those companies have now set aside provisions amounting to $ 2.6 bn . 
   people close to the discussions on penalties say that they are expecting the fine this year , possibly within weeks , unless there is a reversal by the european commission . 
   the expected fine easily outstrips the eu 's previous record of $ 1.4 bn for a television and computer monitor tubes cartel in 2012 , and dwarfs those imposed over euro and yen interest rate derivative cartels . 
  ms vestager has compared the action against the truckmakers to her landmark antitrust showdowns with google , the us search group , and gazprom , russia 's gas export monopoly . 
   her probe focuses on the behaviour of the six companies between 1997 and 2011 , according to documents seen by the financial times . 
  the charges describe several ways in which the manufacturers allegedly colluded on price . 
  most sensitively after the volkswagen scandal , the companies are also accused of agreeing the `` timing and price increase levels for the introduction of new emission technologies '' . 
   ms vestager has stressed that europe has 600,000 hauliers -- mostly small businesses -- and argues that any price collusion among truckmakers would have put up prices of everything from food to furniture . 
   the companies said they were co-operating with the investigation , although one added it might appeal any negative decision . 
   in preparation for a big financial hit , daf has put aside $ 945m ; iveco $ 500m , daimler $ 600m ( $ 672m ) and volvo skr3 .7 bn ( $ 444m ) . 
  as the whistleblower , man , which is owned by volkswagen group , would ordinarily escape a fine . 
   only scania , which is also owned by vw , has not put aside any money . 
  `` scania remains unable to estimate the impact the investigation will have , '' the company said its annual report . 
  `` it can not be ruled out that the commission will impose fines on scania , '' it added . 
   between them , the six have near total control of the market . 
  the commission 's inspectors raided their offices in january 2011 . 
   lawyers cautioned that the provisions made by the companies did not mean that the commission would not push for a higher sum . 
  under eu rules , the companies may face a fine of up to 10 per cent of their global turnover . 
  in the case of the brands involved , that could amount to a maximum of $ 10.7 bn . 
   one person briefed on the case said the fines being considered were `` extremely high '' and that two truckmakers had discussed leniency with the commission because the full potential fine could cause serious financial problems . 
   a fine is often only the initial financial penalty for companies found to be part of a cartel ; some hauliers are considering whether to pursue follow-up damages . 
   `` we will be waiting with very keen interest to see what the commission says , '' said jack semple , director of policy at the road haulage association . 
  `` if we see record damages then there will be consequences for that . ''  the commission declined to comment on the case , beyond saying that it was a `` priority '' . 
  i predict eu will just increase the budget for self-propagation and pretend everything is fine . 
  variables are objective . 
  weights are not . 
  i would take that as a flaw of the study . 
  of course not , how could it be objective ? 
  not that i disagree with you , but i fail to see what those numbers are supposed to show . 
  european countries are not really socialist , but have in general much more generous welfare and healthcare systems , which means higher taxes . 
  it 's a burden to economy . 
  this together with premature adoption of common currency did cause problems in the poorer eurozone countries . 
  but those are more or less details . 
  in the world perspective core european countries are highly developed and stable economies with high standard of living similar to the us . 
  yes , europe spends less on military than us , because it 's focused more on defence than power projection and also because us has a unsolved problem with its industrial-defence complex ( spends more than it needs to ) . 
  yes , we in general spend more on food and have smaller refrigerators , but that is more of a cultural preference than anything else . 
  yes , gas is expensive because there is almost no oil in europe and it must be imported . 
  it does not increase the price directly very much , but it makes sense for a government to increase taxes , to reduce dependency on imports . 
  cars are smaller and more efficient . 
  europe spends much more on automotive r&d . also cars less of a necessity , because cities are more close packed and mass transport systems are in general pretty good , contrary to what the blog says . 
  in what world is toning down regulations analogous to anal sex ? 
  do you believe that unless state tells you what you can and ca n't buy you are not pure or something ? 
  i bet there is a similar european study that conclude exact opposite . 
  i thought the whole problem with ttip was the expected harm to our precious regulations . 
  if they are already in danger thanks to ceta , what is the argument now ? 
  more exposure to evil foreign investors or what ? 
  it 's still a problem of expectations , which are to large degree subjective . 
  if you expect 2009 crisis to be single occurrence that can be solved with a `` proper '' stimulus and then we can enjoy several decades of steady growth , then sure . 
  but if you expect slow growth or stagnation the you obviously ca n't solve that with another and another injections . 
  i think there can be little doubt that global crisis revealed structural problems in the eurozone . 
  there is common currency but no fiscal union and virtually no political will to fix that . 
  discredit is a very strong word . 
  use disprove , if you want to be strict . 
  now you have new corrected theories . 
  that 's how science works . 
  keynes remains one of the most influential economists of 20th century regardless . 
  according to keynes countries are supposed to build up an ability to boost the economy with the stimulus when needed . 
  they do that with fiscal responsibility , by building a good credit reputation . 
  obviously , the boost is beneficial in the short term , but when used too often you can fall into a liquidity trap and then you have no other option but austerity . 
  you make it sound as if there were no other but ideological reasons to implement austerity policies . 
  save up the stimulus option for later is perfectly valid reason even within the keynesian paradigm . 
  you do n't want to overreact to a relatively mild recession or even stagnation . 
  we should get used to the fact that developed economies ca n't grow at steady pace as we would like . 
  right , but in central europe there is no `` middle of nowhere '' , only small isolated islands of wilderness . 
  about as natural as a wildfire . 
  it might be interesting science experiment to let it burn , but it 's not exactly conservationist . 
  those pictures are from \u0160umava / bayerisher wand national parks . 
  i do n't know what is the situation in the bialowieza forest . 
  when government got rid of those 32 scientist , it certainly was n't cool from the rule of law point of view , but it 's hard to tell whether some controlled logging would be wise . 
  bugs can still do very serious damage . 
  i assume by fair you mean impartial . 
   so , we have to make up some philosophic concepts like `` being '' instead of following empiric , natural sciences ? 
  because there is no science to follow !, 
  my analogy clearly shows there is plenty of examples of ideas which might appear as science to laymen but actually are n't . 
  every astronomer will tell you that pluto controversy is no science . 
  every biologist will tell you that categories like species , individual organisms etc. 
  have very similar status . 
  ask about species or individual boundaries for yourself if you do n't believe me .
