  why are they pushing it through that `` narrow '' gap ? 
   this leads me to conclude that the interview is entirely manufactured . 
  there is nothing negative about that claim . 
  it is neither a negative gramaticaly nor it is a negative claim in philosophical terms . 
  besides i have already told you how to prove it 's a manufactured story . 
  what more do you want ? 
  i do n't know any example of manufactured story by rt. 
  they usualy use other means of deception . 
  other people in this thread already gave you example of that . 
  that does not follow . 
  that is only an example of unconfirmed story . 
  you need positive evidence it 's a lie like a word from artur gasparyan that he never said that or a proof that he does n't exist . 
  if it really was a blatant lie such evidence could be easily obtained . 
  if this is your best example then you clearly do n't have anything . 
  you did n't say `` america '' you did say `` you '' . 
  anyway i do need that evidence . 
  give me the best example of such entirely manufactured story you know . 
  your are very cynical person if you believe you need to lie to get what you want , to say the least . 
  for that second claim i will need an evidence . 
   rfe was made in '49 to turn the eastern bloc populations against their governments . 
  they were used as a geopolitical tool to further american interests . 
  true , but you do n't need to use desimformation to do that . 
  nobody have pointed out that the word has two different meanings . 
  original unloaded meaning was simply state funded information source . 
  in this sence rfe is a propaganda . 
  however meaning was shifted with rise of communism , nazism and fasism to deliberate desinformation and lying on a massive scale . 
  rt fits that definition while rfe does not . 
  well , it should n't . 
  skies above ukraine are safer than before the disaster because rebels packed their guided missiles and stopped shooting down planes . 
  that is a normal human behaviour . 
  just after the fatal human error people usually stop doing whatever they were doing when it happened . 
  rebels do n't shoot rockets randomly . 
  gambler 's falacy have nothing to do with it . 
  it 's actualy a scam website . 
  whoever pays them $ 10 will get this fake certificate . 
  i doubt there are any astronomers involved in this . 
  i assume you would still like to stay in the eea and efta like norway . 
   `` the eea efta participation is hence on an equal footing with eu member states . 
  the total eea efta commitment amounts to 2.4 % of the overall eu programme budget . 
  in 2008 norway 's contribution was $ 188 million . 
  throughout the programme period 2007 -- 2013 , the norwegian contribution will increase substantially in parallel with the development of the eu programme budget , from $ 130 million in 2007 to $ 290 million in 2013 . 
  for the eea and norway grants from 2004 to 2009 , norway provided almost $ 1.3 billion . 
  '' [ [ wiki ] ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations ), 
   being negligent is always easier . 
  there will always be reasons why people are under pressure . 
  we are moving in circles . 
  i have already argue this point . 
   that 's a challenge , but not an insurmountable one . 
  the current grid is constructed to work with coal plants , nuclear plants just happened to have the same characteristics so they fit in well . 
  we should restrict ourselves to patterns set in the past . 
  until somebody finds a solution renewables as a primary source of power are not viable . 
  we are not talking about some arbitrary design choice we made in the past we are talking about improving performance of the grid tenfold or hundredfold in multiple ways . 
  unless power grid technology starts to boom as electronics with their moor 's law it will not happen any time soon . 
   if you start building new plants whenever you reach half the age of planned obsolescence , that changes the cost significantly . 
  problem is that germany does not replace old plants at all so average age is much higher than it would be if they did . 
  besided you brought this point as a counterargument to nuclear being more reliable but malfuctions and maintanance is not just problem of nuclear power plants . 
  all power plants might malfuction and might need unscheduled maintanance , but renewables have additional problem of being dependent on weather . 
   but there will always be people who are lax with security . 
  that 's the real problem . 
  not on the same level for the reasons we already talked about . 
  soviet nuclear program was a product of cold war . 
  their were racing to catch up with usa . 
  that were unique historical circustances . 
  i think it is unlikely history will repeat itself in any forseeable future . 
   well , duh . 
  because they 're designed to provide baseload , and the rest of the grid is designed around them . 
  they are not designed to be a baseload source they are a baseload source . 
  it 's their properies which makes them be most efficient when used this way not design . 
  that was my point . 
  you can use any baseload power source to provide all your power without any problems . 
  unfortunately renewables are not baseload sources . 
  trying to use them as such is at very least great engeneering challenge . 
  present day grids are just not nearly good enough to provide capacity and minimalize thermal losses to smooth out say wind power fluctuations if you would want to generate say on average 50 % from wind . 
  weather parerns on average change with hundreds of kilometers which is about the same distance over which present day power grids can conduct eletricity . 
  no matter how you space you windfarms wind would be most likely blowing with the same strenght at all places within the reach of your power grid . 
   they expected to let them live out until they reached their designed age of obsolescence . 
  that is my point . 
  you ca n't really say that this power plant which is nearing obsolence have some difficulties therefore we should not build new more reliable replacements . 
  that 's not a fair argument . 
   nothing really happen ? 
  then you can presumably tell me where all the missing tons of fissile material have gone to ? 
  i thought we talking about civilian nuclear power . 
  nuclear power plants do n't need highly enriched uranium anyway . 
  it 's only another piece of evidence of safety negligence on part of soviet union . 
  they used highly enriched uranium which is usefull in nuclear weapons in nuclear power plants . 
  this can be easily prevented in the future by not using highly enriched uranium so there will be none to lose . 
   two of our local nuclear plants are down for unexpected maintenance too for an undetermined period . 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  you 're just being silly now . 
  there is a major difference . 
  it 's called a [ capacity factor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capacity_factor#typical_capacity_factors ) . 
  nukes in general have the best capacity foctors . 
  new ones go often over 95 % which includes maintenance . 
  that is a collosal difference when compared with renewables ~ 30 % . 
  in short time periods renewables fluctuate wildly between 0 % and 100 % . 
  it 's theirs intrinsic property . 
   nuclear and coal are n't very flexible either . 
  gas , hydro and sometimes oil are most often used for that . 
  it 's true their are not as flexible as gas or hydro but they are flexible . 
  they can power down to say 80 % over the course of several hours .
