  customs for ukrainian exporters and other obstacles would be lifted first and only after few years ukraine would have to follow their part of the deal . 
  eu members have to follow legislation proposed by the commision and ratified by the european parliament . 
  commision also have executive power but final word has the council where national governments have veto . 
  as far as i know there is no way to order eu member anything unless the members state itself agrees with it . 
  so unless they pass refugee quota as a law there is no obligation to begin with . 
  are n't structural funds a counter weight to common european market which benefit western europe more ? 
  using this as a coercion tool seems dumb to me . 
  it 's basically a threat to selfdestruct eu . 
  edit : spelling, 
  actually , you did n't ask a single question . 
  you just stated your opinion and justified it very poorly . 
  you make your opinion on factual questions based on public opinion ? 
   `` passport or id card '' passport is optional, 
  for people in the shengen no passport is needed . 
  i hope it will stay this way . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+report+a8-2015-0216+0+doc+xml+v0//en ) are the changes . 
  my general impression from the changes is that science is done and animal cloning is not safe . 
  majority of eu citizens are against cloning in food production and so it should be banned . 
  do you agree with this kind of reasoning ? 
  i can agree with the first part but not the last paragraph . 
  they have been herding the back and forward to no end that does n't really command respect . 
  demanding to obey rules which are n't really suited for processing so many people was actually contraproductive i would say . 
  what little respect these people had was lost . 
  `` sharia '' is a loaded term . 
  it 's as if you ask christians whether they want the ten commandments . 
  better ask them if they want theocracy and you will get much lower numbers in both cases . 
  i do n't think you are reading / u/ladadadas corectly . 
  i do n't see in how you can equate that sarcasm with `` 100 % succesful integration '' . 
  not that i nessasary agree with him just because i responded to / u/guomindang . 
  i do n't think confirmation bias is the problem there . 
  interesting read , but that does not support the claim above . 
  what are those cultural elements / u/lavoisier21 is talking about ? 
  actualy they just sold rights to far cry itself . 
  only the original game was developed by [ crytek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crytek ) . 
  no , i was not aware . 
  it 's poor quality anyway . 
  perhaps this video is cut , perhaps it sounds better with a proper context , but seems to me like clasic exaggeration . 
  poor way to introduce a problem . 
  as i said before i do n't doubt such school might exist . 
  i just do n't trust these kinds of videos . 
  video is n't any different towards the end . 
  it does n't matter how many bad examples you have , this does not establish a phenomenon . 
  this is a very common error in reasoning that plague even some sciences . 
  not that i disagree that more culturaly diverse schools tend to have this kind of problems . 
  i think a proper research could show that . 
  but that 's still does n't mean they have this kind of problems because they are culturaly diverse . 
  but the video is very poor quality . 
  crime and disorder is universal phenomenon . 
  it 's possible to make simmilar video just about any ethnic or culture . 
  find an exaple of a violent crime , present it as a typical behaviour . 
  find an example of fight at school , present it as typical behaviour . 
  and so on . 
  that 's nothing more than conformation bias . 
  why do you find such video worth sharing ? 
  riot police ? 
  besides those spikes are designed for cars . 
  do you have any idea how thick those tires are ? 
  how do you know ? 
  is the riot police even equiped with a weapon which can disable a tractor ? 
  people know odds are against them in the lottery yet they keep buying tickets . 
  i think this is the same thing . 
  some reason most other migrants decide to move . 
  they are not well informed and they heard amazing stories about people who got accepted . 
  not that surprising we have quite a lot conservative left voters too , mostly older people . 
  i think it 's communism nostalgia . 
  so when majority shareholder is hiding with his money on some tropical island how would that work and how would that be any better than limited liability ? 
  limited liability does n't have so farreaching negative consequences as you trying to paint here . 
  first of all liability is always limited whether it is formaly decrared and legaly recognized or not . 
  this is about transparency . 
  it 's easier to calculate the risk for the creditor when he only needs to consider the assets of the corporation instead of many individual shareholders . 
  secondly how the hell is it fair to lose everything because you own just a tiny share of some company where you have no real power ? 
  i do n't recognise this definition . 
  what 's your source ? 
  corporations are a feature of a free market economy . 
  that should not be confused with some kind of economic corporatism which favours corporations over any alternatives . 
  i do n't see how you can have a free market without corporations . 
  i also do n't understand how corporation is always bad . 
  as anything with its own agency it can be good or bad . 
  i took this test before . 
  it categorized me as centre-right , libertarian . 
  i find that accurate . 
  so you are saying i can ignore you with a clear conscience . 
  thanks , that saves me a lot of trouble . 
  do you have any particular reason or are you just giving in to general hysteria ? 
  i do n't think we should adopt the same policy as germany but we should really make our mind whether we want to be treated with more respect and therefore do something which can potentially earn respect , like helping countries which have trouble with the refugee crisis , or whether we should care only about ourselves . 
  btw is reddit having problems again or are you so angry you are posting twice ? 
  sadly , this is true . 
  czech polical representation always behaved this way with only few honorable exceptions . 
  thanks . 
  nice read but it do n't quite agree with their conclusion . 
  slighly lower average wages in various groups are one thing but that 's exactly what would happen in a hypothetical scenario when all immigrants form a new lowest bracket and all natives will keep their income . 
  averages can be decieving . 
  i did n't notice any attempt to rule this out . 
  authors are instead satisfied with weaker claim that some native born people have lost . 
  this is true but it 's not quite enough to establish existence of same sort of trend for the native . 
  it 's simply incomplete information . 
  no , you pulled them out of your ass . 
  that 's why you do n't have a source . 
  i just thought you might appreciete a chance to defend your opinion . 
  how naive of me .
