  that 's not enough to make refugee and immigrant interchangeable terms . 
  what conclusion do you draw ? 
  authoritarian regimes usually have higher criminality , because their too repressive law enforcement is bad in crime prevention . 
  does that mean we should not help refugees from authoritarian regimes even if there is good chance criminality will fall to normal after a few generations ? 
  not all refugees want to stay . 
  syrians are a whole nation . 
  of course they have both criminals and great people . 
  how is that significant ? 
  no confirmation yet , just a lot of people jumping to conclusions . 
  ok , some are just complaining about moderators but still . 
  first of all that not true . 
  i only suggested eu could do something about that , not that it have to . 
  secondly even if it were true how the hell does that validate your borderline racist suggestion that i as a eastern european ca n't possibly understand democracy ?!, 
  what i said means that ec was right to deny that as invalid request and it would most likely be denied even in switzerland . 
  when in doubt you turn to western europe supremacy ? 
  it works the same way in both western europe and eastern europe , which is very different from your ignorant image of it . 
  executive power has to work within the boundaries given by the law . 
  you can not have strictly prescriptive , one correct way only , legislation . 
  that would actually be severe democratic deficit . 
  are you familiar with division of power ? 
  legislative , executive a judicial powers are divided between various institutions , at least in democratic countries . 
  swiss referenda have legislative power . 
  that means they can create a new law or constitutional amendment but they ca n't order other institutions , that would require executive power . 
  order to all institutions to stop negotiations does require executive power . 
  is it clear ? 
  no , actually swiss referenda do n't have executive power either . 
  no , it 's not important . 
  all valid ecis can be found [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/public/welcome ) . 
  this is not valid eci . 
  that why it 's labeled `` self-organised '' . 
  ec is not obligated to respond no matter how much votes they get . 
  the eci was denied because ecis are intended as a way to propose a new eu legislation . 
  their text does not propose anything . 
   we call on the institutions of the european union and its member states to stop the negotiations with the usa on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) and not to ratify the comprehensive economic and trade agreement ( ceta ) with canada . 
  madness , madness and stupidity . 
  this is actually good article . 
  but i bet you would had more luck posting it in the evening . 
  so , you are saying your goverment is crippling your motorways and railways so that refugees could n't cripple them . 
  that does not make any sence . 
  these people are driven by stories they hear . 
  now they think europe is a paradise next year i expect they will be desillusioned by the gradually worsening situation . 
  my homework ?!, 
  you triumphaly gave my a publication which you by your own admission did n't even read yet you have a nerve to claim it it actually says exact opposite of its summary . 
  you were even willing to quote random passages to prove that . 
  how dumb do you think i am ? 
  you were wasting time alright , but it you our arrogance which is at fault here , not me . 
  do yourself a favour and open a textbook on international trade and find chapter on free trade vs. protectionism or ask somebody with a proper education . 
  you think those people will make such a trek in winter ? 
  refugee wave might as well be over be that time . 
  no it shows it can divert them . 
  there is no valve . 
  they building a fence to stop water . 
  are you saying i should n't comment unless i have personal experience ? 
  i do n't think a few days delay before they find alternative route is worth it . 
  so what exacly does hungary with this closed border hopes achieve except crippling trafic and delaying refugees for a few days ? 
  somehow i doubt any of them will pack their things and head back . 
  what 's the point of voting in the council then ? 
  either you vote as i want or else ... 
  i see you are quote mining exactly as i said . 
  you ca n't just skim over the text and quote whatever superficialy supports your case . 
   second , while all income effects are positive , the ceecs gain much more than the eu in relative terms . 
  specifically , the ceecs ' 1.5 % rise in real income is seven times larger than the eu gain . 
  firstly it 's only a partial information . 
  it does not cover the transfers of profit from subsidiaries to parent companies which i implied is the mechanism countries like germany benefit from the free trade with us . 
  secondly those numbers are relative . 
   even without considering transfers , and even limiting ourselves to the conservative scenarios , membership will raise ceec real incomes by 1992 ecu2 .5 billion . 
  which is a gain but they do n't claim it 's more than what eu15 gains . 
   adding in farm and structural funds transfers , the figure rises to about ecu23 billion for the conservative estimate and ecu50 billion for the less conservative estimates . 
  of course , our simulation model projects long-run gains , so these extra billions would not be added to ceec real incomes immediately . 
  this means they they estimated those transfers to be significant chunk of about ecu20 billion . 
  i would think it 's a common sense that when you remove a big chunk of a money from single side of a fair deal it would n't be fair any more . 
  that 's not the point . 
  centralized power is one thing and polarized society another . 
  give me a citation . 
  i do n't see that in the summary nor in the conclusion . 
  i will tell you the the same i told / u/falconberger . 
  open a textbook on international trade . 
  economy is not my field so i ca n't give you a proper defense of the idea . 
  i just know it universally accepted theory or model . 
  like a big bang in cosmology for example . 
  watch for that plank in your eye . 
  first of all / u/af _ general gave you that you just quote mined that to support your case . 
  there is no way you could possibly read that in such a short time . 
  secondly if the enlargement benefits both sides as it says in the summary and since it clearly includes the structural funds , cap etc. 
  it clearly means it would uneven without that . 
  v4 is being unreasonable , no question about that , but that does not justifies this kind of a reaction . 
  edit : a word, 
  call me a cynic but i do n't believe anything can happen in world politics unless there is a clear selfish interest . 
  fortunately economy seems to favour altruism at least a bit . 
  you should be looking into textbooks not peer reviewed papers . 
  looks like you are right , my bad . 
  anyway i see nothing wrong with v4 declaring their position before the vote but i do n't like this threats . 
  it 's funny how you can switch position from hard left to to passionately pro free trade . 
  it 's a common knowledge . 
  german economic strategy since 90s is to expand to new eastern markets and eu allows them to tear down national obstacles . 
  we of course benefit from german investments but we also lose control over our industries . 
  how do you think germany gets its amazing productivity ? 
  significant number of their companies consist of small workforce which oversees subsidiaries based here which do most of the work with little profit , hence the difference in productivity . 
  economically stronger countries can roll over weaker ones this way that 's why they free trade agreements need to offer something in exchange to the weaker country . 
  in case of that agreement with ukraine which upset russia , eu offered head start to ukraine .
