  i think germany has much greater influence on my home country than the us . 
  i do n't care what you post about the czech republic and i do n't mind unmoderated discussion . 
  actually , that 's not true i would be interested in dutch articles about my home country . 
  perhaps if you want heavily moderated discussion and die welt is too extreme for you , perhaps you should seek different subreddit . 
  because it will hopefully generate healthy discussion , so that i will be able to make an opinion ? 
  if you are telling me not to post , you are pro-censorship . 
  period . 
  you are free to comment , present your interpretation , but instead you chose personal attacks . 
  or perhaps i am not that confident with my german to translate it myself . 
  you are very quick to judge . 
  you are acting as if censorship of the news you do n't like is a virtuous action to take . 
  you could n't be more wrong . 
  it 's cowardly and probably the most toxic thing you can do the subreddit . 
  by the way i am no trump supporter , nor do i think german government is exceptionally corrupt . 
  all i am saying is that this deserve attention . 
  not paid shill , politician . 
  the problem with clinton was that the peddling was a bit too transparent for most people , i think . 
  yes , but it 's still suspicious . 
  money can flow backwards . 
  why choose the clinton foundation before the elections ? 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  as czech i find it hard to understand . 
  i would n't say our transition to the market economy was smoother . 
  it had much better outcome , but people still view the process very negatively . 
  i am sure there were foreign advisors , but nobody cared about them . 
  large portion of czech industry is now in german hands , but few care about that . 
  average russian , i feel , would see that very differently . 
  it is n't , so we should n't give in to that idea . 
  russian nationalism was always very strong . 
  i do n't think we should give in to this stockholm syndrome , that failure of post soviet russia is a responsibility of the west or western media . 
  2496 years ago . 
  there is no year zero in the calendar . 
  goethe was if you do n't know brilliant in multiple ways . 
  he was much more than just a poet , he was a writer , philosopher , geologist , civil servant and more than that he managed to conduct himself well in life with high moral and intellectual integrity . 
  in fact nietzsche identified him as an perfect example of virtue . 
  person to study and mimic to be a better person . 
  since that was that practice in ancient greek philosophy . 
  many schools based their morality on the ideal of morally superior person . 
  good is whatever would such person unburdened by all the personality flaws ordinary people suffer from do . 
  if you do n't remember you made an argument month ago that calling people insects is bad because german mentality is such that people could take that seriously . 
  i do n't believe that 's good in the sense described above . 
  it 's a form of pretense , is n't it ? 
  you do n't have an evidence those easily manipulated people exist in german population . 
  i doubt you believe you yourself are such person . 
  it 's just an construct to make yourself look better than other people . 
  also if we are talking about goethe who was opposed to nationalism , which is easily verifiable by the way , then we can go further and say no action should ever be taken with considerations to national sentiments as they mean nothing . 
  you ca n't hide behind the idea that nations can choose how to govern themselves , because we have the eu with democratic institutions . 
  democracy ca n't work properly without eu wide civil society , which means beside other things eu wide debate about such issues . 
  last but not least i am not actually arguing for absolute freedom . 
  that 's not achievable . 
  freedom of one ends where freedom of another person begins . 
  there are examples where limitations of freedom of speech are justified . 
  for instance it might be necessary for fair trial or election to forbid speech in some situations . 
  in case of holocaust denial there is no actual evidence that fundamental human rights of some third party are being violated . 
  you know goethe is n't just about language . 
  goethe was very strongly opposed to nationalism in all its forms . 
  i am pretty sure he would very much against giving any considerations to `` german sentiments '' or `` german mentality '' . 
  it does not exist . 
  you ought to do what it 's right even if it is difficult even it it is dangerous . 
  it 's partially the reason why he choose the the theme of pact with the devil . 
  it has a deep meaning . 
  sadly germans seems to have forgotten their heritage . 
  goethe celebrated on every other corner but few understand what he was all about , yet it 's incredibly important especially in the context of reconciling the nazi history . 
  keeping the nationalism and painting it with progressive colours is shortsighted . 
  so please stop making excuses . 
  if you value free speech and dialogue then you should act on it , not inventing new and new reasons why it might hurt some hypothetical third party . 
  i like the style , but why are mountains in bohemia made to look so massive ? 
  this trend of reporting peak one day electricity production is highly misleading and needs to stop . 
  and you believe a random group of people will give you consistent foreign and economic policy or any useful information for that matter ? 
  those are questions for an individual people not a group . 
  say that we have enlightened people who are divided between supporters of two coherent and perfectly valid strategies . 
  you make a census which will of course give you sum of both strategies , which will most likely be neither coherent nor valid . 
  then why do n't you share with us the question which you believe have potential to yield useful information ? 
  in that case i would say it 's pretty useless either way . 
  such are the limits of sociology . 
  it can only report what people say . 
  there is no magic formula for a question which would give you `` the correct '' answer . 
  the question is fine though . 
  it 's not about truth , it 's about preference . 
  do you want more intricately interconnected world ? 
  i believe you will , unless there is some dominant factor , like when there is booming new industry changing the landscape or something like that . 
  most people are probably ambivalent about globalisation , because it not at all important to their daily lives . 
  you can get more agreement on different questions for sure , but that does not mean people visualise those things it their heads identically . 
  that 's true about just about anything , including things you would thought are well defined , like numbers . 
  you are basically saying that people are n't robots . 
  why would i import fish fingers if they are going to compete with different product in the same box ? 
  it 's de facto false advertising . 
  companies that are willing to compromise their brand like that deserve every criticism . 
  because it 's not worth to drive to germany for frozen fish fingers . 
  first of all problem with russia is n't of some technical or systematic nature . 
  you ca n't fix it by changing the election process . 
  even if e-voting is better , which it is n't , it wo n't help . 
  it is about the truth , which is not established by some fiat . 
  if there is solid statistical evidence elections were rigged it is the truth no matter what the court says . 
  to turn away and look for different evidence that court might perhaps accept means to submit to a lie . 
  there is no such thing . 
  do you realise that a corrupt authority will deny the sky is blue if it can get away with it ? 
  people first have to give a damn about the truth at least as much as they care about their wages if not more . 
  someone has to have else it 's not going to work . 
  human factor is usually the greatest weakness of any system and the whole is only as strong as the weakest link .
