  to argue , that human life must be protected even at the cost of life of others , just because someone had to write a book on the human reproductive cycle and choose the unwrap the infinite continuous cycle at the moment of conception , because it 's sort of convenient for the purposes of writing a book , is just desperate . 
  ethics must be informed by natural sciences but natural sciences themselves have no ethical dimension . 
  the most vile crime you can imagine is just another phenomenon to study . 
  there is no objective quality you can measure to determine if something is evil . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  any ethical argument must start with the subjective . 
  like death is bad for example . 
  why ? 
  do we care about all deaths ? 
  no , we are ok when wild animals die . 
  what 's the difference between a wild animal and a person ? 
  dna ? 
  yes , but that 's obviously not a difference we care about , since we felt like this long before dna was discovered . 
  so what is then ? 
  you can continue this line of inquiry yourself . 
  i am sure there is no intellectually honest way from here to reach the conclusion that all human life including the earliest embryonic stages of development should be protected . 
  nature does not care about needs for classification . 
  terms like life , organism , individual , species are just labels or categories we impose on the natural world so that we can begin to understand it . 
  they have very little actual substance behind them . 
  actual differences are blurry . 
  life is a continuous process without clear beginnings and ends . 
  those definitions were only made because it was convenient for research . 
  it 's scientific tradition and nothing more , just as a difference between a planet and a dwarf planet . 
  if we were to decide in the distant future what celestial bodies should have legal protection , it would be absolutely idiotic to interpret 2006 astronomical conference as a word of god . 
  obviously the relevant facts about the body , like if it is inhabited or scientifically valuable , matter and not some by then ancient vote by people who know absolutely nothing about problems of far future . 
  that 's why we need to find better criteria for defining what is a human being and what 's not , like the brain activity , so that it is actually relevant to the ethical problem we are trying to solve and not just some in essence accidental scientific conventions . 
  well that 's too bad . 
  because you need to know if you want to ban something , otherwise ban would be arbitrary . 
  obviously nature does not care about our desire to categorise things , but even when borders are blurry it 's pretty easy to rule out at least something . 
  for instance embryo only has a rudimentary heart but no blood , no other vital organs , brain begins to form but shows no activity . 
  embryo does not show signs of life . 
  if it is not alive how can it be a person ? 
  i think this is enough to defeat the pro-life idea that life begins with conception . 
  it would be very helpful to provide that context . 
  that depends if you see that as failure of eu or its members . 
  the way to achieve lasting peace is to maintain good foreign relations . 
  historically speaking eu achieved that . 
  [ monty python - she is a witch !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3jt5ibfrzw ), 
  i do n't think that 's what he meant . 
  right of being ruled over by the state is now considered a fundamental human right by human right expert ? 
  he is not advocating human rights and liberties he is advocating state power . 
  purpose of human rights is to limit state power to protect dissent and minorities to protect the individual . 
  what happens when this right of the state to govern clash with freedom of movement , speech , print , association , religion or right of the due process of law ? 
  this is terrible . 
  [ his full comment ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=19839&amp;langid=e ), 
  that the more generous view . 
  finished theory can be falsifiable , but that does not mean it was actually constructed using a scientific method . 
  what i learnt from the way marx talked about his work and methodology , that he has to reinvent scientific method drawing philosophy instead of science , and russell 's critique , i do n't believed he used scientific method . 
  actually it 's sort of true . 
  falsifiability is the criterium . 
  it 's not supposed to be dogmatic , but language has to be exact and definitive . 
  vague theory can never be proven wrong , which is a situation with marxism . 
  marx predicted revolution should first occur in advanced industrial countries like great britain or germany , which did not happen . 
  there is no satisfactory explanation . 
  marxism only survived because its vague language . 
  we should more often ask , not just whether a thinker was influential , but whether they influenced field positively . 
  many great scientists were not recognised during their lifetime . 
  others were popular but did n't actually made any scientific advancements . 
  sigmund freud comes to mind . 
  he was not a scientist and he did n't even pretended to be a scientist , yet people often believe he was because of his influence . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  it 's a pseudoscience in popperian sense . 
  that 's simply false . 
  take somebody like alfred marshall , he was not influenced by marx , nor was keynes . 
  where exactly do you think this all-important marxist influence steps into modern economics ? 
  i said nothing about intention . 
  it 's about causality . 
  paradigm of marxian economics lead to catastrophically bad economic policy . 
  in other words , it 's not science . 
  is that supposed to be a redeeming quality ? 
  if anything it shows it 's not a science . 
  he did not use scientific method . 
  his methodology was inspired by hegel . 
  also postulates are fine . 
  important property of scientific theory is falsifiability and postulates help with that . 
  refute the postulates and you refute the whole theory . 
  marxism is a weird amalgam of ideas which avoids refutation . 
  marxists predicted revolution will occur first in the most advanced industrial countries like great britain and germany , which proved to be false , but marxism somehow survived without providing a good explanation . 
  neither microeconomics nor macroeconomics draws anything from marx . 
  it 's philosophy inspired by hegel . 
  you probably would n't call hegel a scientist . 
  collectivisation policy was based on marxian economics , perhaps without stalin the consequences would n't be so brutal , but it was a bad policy . 
  at least we can agree crimes of pre-stalinist and stalinist cccp are related to marx . 
  his work is definitely not scientific . 
   does n't make what right ? 
  nothing . 
  it has no bearing on right or wrong what so ever . 
  this is about the so called virtue of being democratically elected , if you forgot what we are talking about . 
  that 's what i disagree with . 
  bad leaders wo n't magically become good when they win an election . 
  not only that people have right to protest , i am saying it would be unpatriotic and servile to remain silent , if they believe the elections had irregularities or that state media are n't reporting as they should . 
  i disagree with other things you said , but that 's not as important . 
  you ca n't know if it will help vucic . 
  that just a speculation . 
  you ca n't know if there really were irregularities or if the state media are controlled by the government . 
   he knows fully well this stuff only makes him more popular . 
  are you trying to say that you honestly believe this ? 
  even if it was factual statement , not just and not just a mockery of the opposition , what does it matter who is more popular ? 
  popularity does not make right .
