  there is no reason to attack the link cryptonerds particularly like . 
  i do n't think so . 
  there either would n't be precincts to make histogram of or there would be no reason for the conspirators to dump all fake votes into a few precincts . 
  more people are involved in the conspiracy more likely it is someone will fail to keep it the secret . 
  see the link . 
  what evidence ? 
  some sort of a checksum ? 
  that 's useless . 
  the biggest weakness of that system is clearly in the phase when votes are accepted and in a system that accepts them . 
  with electronic voting it probably easier to spread out fake votes in such a way that it will be very hard to detect them . 
  see this thread on detecting fraudulent elections . 
  it 's easy when people do n't give a fuck about elections , but with paper any election rigging is definitely more noticeable . 
  like it or not that `` edgy atheistic philosopher '' is now integral part of european culture . 
  any self-respecting european owes it to himself familiarise himself with his ideas , especially if he wants to know why to tolerate his `` enemies '' . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i provided plenty of arguments while you repeated baseless assertions without making any arguments whatsoever . 
  you failed to provide any evidence of harm you are supposedly trying to prevent . 
  you did not even try . 
  you did not let your self-contradictory statements give you a pause . 
  i referenced voltaire as a more eloquent advocate of free speech so that you could educate yourself of the philosophy you wrongly labelled as american . 
  all of that was apparently in vain since nothing can penetrate that thick scull of yours . 
  you will probably leave immediately forgetting about voltaire . 
  i do n't care for your approval . 
  point was to show you were wrong to call me racist . 
  perhaps you could even apologise , not that i care about that , but it would certainly helped to paint less damning picture of you . 
  you are dangerous idiot . 
  you do n't understand anything . 
  if you had any capability to reflect on this failure , perhaps you would realise that you are very likely wrong about much more then just me . 
  you are so bad as a judge of character than you probably are the last person anyone should trust with the use of the state force . 
  but that 's just prejudice on your part . 
  you make those assumptions about me for no other reason than that your worldview would collapse otherwise , which is a bad reason . 
  here are some examples of my views on race and tradition if you are actually interested . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/capitalismvsocialism/comments/5u9ymo/genetic_manipulation_in_a_free_market/ddst2cf/ https://www.reddit.com/r/capitalismvsocialism/comments/5vqeyy/is_anyone_out_here_a_racialist/de5ofig/ https://www.reddit.com/r/capitalismvsocialism/comments/63iu77/believers_in_progress_why_are_you_not_marxists/dfuqt9r/ i would n't want to support any idea or cause that shies away from engaging opposition in dialog . 
  to hide behind the law is cowardly . 
  if your ideology ca n't beat it opposition on the level playing field then it deserves to fail . 
  seriously , you need to look up voltaire . 
  he was persecuted by the oppressive french catholic regime but he was passionate advocate of religious freedoms and free speech , because he unlike you understand the value of truth , its power to erode falsehood no matter how strongly it is entrenched . 
   if you do n't police speech , you 're explicitly allowing racism , antisemitism , islamophobia , homophobia , holocaust denial and other forms of free speech . 
  i am glad we can at least agree that 's what the free speech is . 
  those things are impolite and insensitive but they should not be illegal under the constitutional principles of modern liberal democratic state . 
  why should i admit i support hate when i am on the record confronting hateful people here on reddit and elsewhere ? 
  i think i have encountered all those forms of hate and passionately argued against it . 
  i just do n't want to silence those people because then i could n't have those arguments . 
  to be blunt i see no difference between those hateful people and you . 
  the line between righteousness and hate is blurry . 
  both is ultimately caused by the same thing , ignorance . 
  it a typical sign of an idiot to be constantly surprised by common occurrences . 
  unpleasant surprises breed hate . 
  to remedy that i should educate yourself about the liberal values such is the free speech . 
  read some voltaire or something . 
  perhaps then you could appreciate founding principles of your home country and broader western civilisation and stop calling values of the enlightenment `` perverse '' . 
   ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
   ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
  ... after which it list what those inviolable and inalienable human rights are . 
  free speech is one of them . 
  according to the basic law , uncensored speech or you could say unpoliced speech is necessary component of human dignity . 
  it 's exactly opposite to what have been saying all this time . 
   stop it with this absurd false equivalence between free speech and unpoliced speech . 
  you need to have sensible restrictions , oversight and penalties to have real , meaningful freedom of expression , otherwise you just have anarchy . 
  i will stop once you actually demonstrate it is false . 
  so far everything you said was so far of the mark that it 's quite obvious you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  many countries have almost none restriction to free speech including the us , which is by no means anarchy . 
  you even admitted you did n't think very hard about this problem yet you pretend to speak moral autority anyway . 
  best argument you could muster was appeal to authority , `` german law says so '' , which beside being fallacy was n't even correct . 
  german basic law have same provisions for the free speech as the us , which you labelled absurd . 
  i suggest you first familiarise yourself with constitutional principles , critically examine the nonsense you somehow come to believe and then take a second look . 
  so , i was right . 
  germany can do no wrong is the fundamental dogma which you operate under . 
  german law is the absolute truth . 
  it does not matter that there is no evidence of any tangible harm . 
  if german law says there are harmful ideas that must be policed then it must be true . 
  and if it also say that it guaranties free speech then it must be true , because germany ca n't be hypocritical . 
  no , it must be the language , which is wrong . 
  i am sure if german law said jews are second class citizens again you would be perfectly happy to enforce that . 
  why would anyone should listen to as some sort of moral authority if you yourself do n't care if what you are told is true ? 
  by the way i am pretty sure that you are wrong about the law . 
  i am no lawyer , but i am pretty sure the basic law nor the charter of fundamental rights of the european union lists human dignity as a valid reason to limit freedom of speech . 
  there is also no such thing as `` far more fundamental '' . 
  that 's not a legal term . 
  you just pulled that out of your ass . 
  perhaps if you are going to accept something with mindless zeal , you should first check whether the law says what you think it says . 
   article 5  [ freedom of expression , arts and sciences ]  ( 1 ) every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
   ( 2 ) these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
   ( 3 ) arts and sciences , research and teaching shall be free . 
  the freedom of teaching shall not release any person from allegiance to the constitution . 
   article 11  freedom of expression and information  1 . 
  everyone has the right to freedom of expression . 
  this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . 
  the freedom and pluralism of the media shall be respected . 
  you are not what people say you are or what you say you are , you are defined by what you do . 
  read some goethe for fuck sake . 
  also if you are willing to blindly follow what somebody tells you ignoring your conscience , your personal responsibility to know better , then you are bearing most of the blame . 
  if you are defined by what you do then better should do what is in your best conscience the best thing to do and not blindly follow what somebody tells you to . 
  that the personal responsibility and your ca n't ever revoke it blaming the speaker or the idea . 
  if you make a mistake you should learn from it , not deny it . 
  free speech is free in the sense that the legal obstacles are removed , but there is still conscience , which mean it can never be free from any consequences . 
  people should mean what they say , because if they do n't nobody will take them seriously .
