  feed-in tariffs which varies greatly with respect to method of production . 
  heaviely distorted market will simply find best subsidies instead of best natural resources like spanish sun . 
  ok , but that 's 3b $ for 200b kwh or 1.5 cents per kwh which should have expired last year . 
  what coal subsidy ? 
  pv solar subsidies are by far the highest . 
  why ? 
  i am no libertarian . 
  i am just stating a simple fact here . 
  subsidies do change market behaviour . 
  how is that controversial ? 
  that 's what distortion of the market with feed-in tariffs does . 
  i do n't expect him to live 20 years with his drinking and diabetes . 
  i am pretty sure quick search of / r/europe will give you examples of a few russian redditors disagreeing with putin . 
  it 's their fault in a sence it 's their problem to solve . 
  they got this problem by winning the elections . 
  casting blame might had some meaning in the election campaign but is pointless now . 
  it 's bit too late for breaking the corruption . 
  i think the correct way of aproaching problem right now is a damage control not prevention . 
  it 's unreasonable to expect such problem can be suddenly solved while country is in crisis . 
  every new government shares responsibility for the actions of previous governments . 
  not sure if it was intended as such but this is probably the most critical post about syriza so far . 
  with fresh chives, 
  there is nothing wrong with austerity policies . 
  it sad to see a comment you put , unlike the / u/gooserampage 's comment above , some much effort into so heavily downvoted . 
  downvote is n't a disagree button , / r/europe !, 
  i think i know what you meant but you said something different . 
  you discouraged dissent . 
  that 's not something you want to do , especialy if you do n't have extensive knowledge of the subject , just faith in the parliament . 
  there always should be some resistance to any new legislation . 
  i do n't like how some people discourage sceptical approach to a proposed legislation . 
  i do n't want meps who vote `` automatically '' for anything which sound vaguely possitive . 
  of course it can happen , that 's what non zero probability means . 
  i would like to see how likely it will be needed before make my mind about this . 
  article says it may save 2400 lives every year . 
  but how much does it cost and how is it calculated ? 
   if the systems are good quality , that should n't be a problem . 
  that 's a very big if . 
  firstly i do n't know automated system which is n't plaugued with false positive results and secondly i imagine there are many mechanics messing with cars . 
  i fear that too many false alarms could make the emergency services wait for confirmation call anyway . 
  then probability of a car ~ ~ an ~ ~ accident is much lower . 
  edit : what was i thinking with that article ? 
  i doubt its benefits too . 
  how long does it take for someone to call ambulance anyway ? 
  what about false alarms ? 
  it was n't big thing in europe but ussr was distinctly anti-environmentalist with its marxist obsession with heavy industry . 
  fact that military talk into its design does not mean it had any military use besided being orbital launch system as any other . 
  heh , anti-space shuttle poster alongside with pro peaceful space exploration posters . 
  i doubt german government was n't involved in this . 
  nice shifting of burden of proof . 
  did you ever heard about presumption of innocence ? 
  burden of proof is on those who want to throw somebody in prison or those who want to introduce new legislation which would criminalize something . 
  looks like you are right . 
  there is no such thing as `` objectively good '' but people generaly value human rights above something as specific as gmos . 
  rational person should concede if he is shown that what he is doing interfere with his values . 
  point of analogy is to relate something abstract to something real so it can be easiely understood , you know . 
  there are no floating rocks in the sky you can land helicopter on . 
  there is an exception . 
  someone rights may be limited when they itself limit another persons rights . 
  so without proof of that you ca n't do that . 
  ~ ~ gmos are infertile . ~ ~ ability of the product to be easiely reproduced is not good for business . 
  edit : i was wrong . 
  apparently such technology was n't commercialized though there was same talk about it . 
  what does it matter who invented it ? 
  it was used several times as an excuse to limit human rights . 
  nation can choose its own destiny but it can not abuse minorities not even through democratic process . 
  considering that selective breeding have changed many species so that you would n't even guessed it 's wild variant have anything in common with it and gmo products look pretty much the same i do n't think it 's as you make it to be . 
  i am not big fan of state rights . 
  i think human rights are much more important . 
  if some activity like growing and selling gmos poses no harm to anyone else then state should have no right to intevene . 
  liberal democracy is about protection of human rights . 
  without it we will have whatever russia has right now where for example rights of the lgbt people can be limited just because rest of the population want it so . 
  no , i did n't . 
  i pointed out that everything we use even water is not yet proven harmful . 
  any arbitrary group of food products has unpredictable effects . 
  biochemistry is no where near enough to precisely predict effects of anything on the human organism . 
  because i do n't want to argue that something which was never meant to by eaten is safe to eat . 
  why should i ? 
  what it has to do with anything in this thread ? 
  roundup was never used as a food additive . 
  asbestos was never used a food additive . 
  edit : typo, 
  dihydrogen monoxide is generaly believed to be save now . 
  what are we supposed to do with that information ? 
  edit : my point is that you are turning the logic on its head . 
  saying that we should be careful because we have good reason to believe it 's safe is absurd . 
  that 's not true . 
  there are several european companies with big share of the market , like syngenta and basf . 
  that 's correct . 
  there is absolutly no basis for claims that gmos are inherently harmful . 
  short version is that we had our own reformation movement and rebelion but it was eventualy crushed and czechs were rather forcefuly recatholicized . 
  since then religion was viewed as something foreign . 
  communists just drove the last nail into the coffin . 
  there is a [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/14xxsq/why_does_the_czech_republic_have_so_many_atheists/c7hvlf9 ) in r/askhistorians that goes into much more detail . 
  i was tempted to editorialize the title to `` support for euro grows from 7 % to 12 % '' but apparently that against the rules . 
  other sources claim support is greater among more educated people . 
  how else are you supposed to react to wild unjustified claims ? 
  what was asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
  why do they think she is blackmailable when they say they would n't fire her had she disclosed her part-time job ? 
  i do n't mind the `` inefficiency '' , i see it as slow and careful decision making process . 
  if it does anything it improves stability .
