  under the assumption of same quality of products or services you need lower prices to fight the competition . 
  unfortunately , i do n't understand you rest of your post . 
  can you explain yourself without refering to some imaginary `` them '' ? 
  except this wo n't make healthcare system more like us . 
  us companies will have to follow european law just as anybody else . 
  what are they saying ? 
  that us companies will take over european healthcare with higher prices ? 
  that does not make any sence . 
  that you should have read better . 
  `` enormous '' was refering to overall spending on self-propagation . 
  visitors centre was just an example . 
  `` nobody visits '' was an obvious hyperbole . 
  so wasting public money is ok as long as every individual is small relative to some arbitrary whole ? 
  that is just absurd . 
  absolute munbers are important . 
  50 milions euro could be saved . 
  if every european project is twice as expensive as it needs to be we are wasting 50 bilion . 
  by the way brussels must be very bad at tourism . 
  top tourist destinations of my home city have about 250,000 visitors a year and we are talking about gray city of 50,000 people surrounded by surface coal mines . 
  still even if the purpose is not to make profit you should still be economical and use least possible amount of money to achieve your goal . 
  moreover goal of the european parliament is legislature not entertainment . 
  i personaly want eu to focus on governing and do n't waste money on such vanity projects as this visitors centre . 
  i see / u/king _ of_avalon is fine with this , but even according to him this project is way to expensive even if he did n't said that directly . 
  100 milion euro for construction plus 3.5 milion anualy for maintanance , they had 250,000 visitors a year , under the asumption that it will last 20 years they would need to charge 35 euro to break even . 
  they using taxpayer money to give you treats you would not pay for otherwise , in other words they are wasting money . 
  [ source ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:2013:188:0001:0048:en:pdf ), 
  how good ? 
  how much would you be willing to pay for the entrance if you had to ? 
  banknotes do n't need to try to be successful . 
  it 's not like individuals have an option not to use currency . 
  simple public announcement would do . 
  eu waste enormous amounts of money on self-propagation , including 100 milion euro for european parlament visitor centre nobody actually visits . 
  nay, 
  i think many of those people simply miss being 25 years younger . 
  others whine about rising prices , despite the fact that , at least in czech republic , real prices are actually lower . 
  [ prices comparison ( czech ) ] ( http://www.zakomunistu.cz/ ), 
  they won the election but it was n't exactly fair election . 
  provisional goverment was instaled from moscow and all parties right of the center including the biggest pre-war party ( [ agrarian party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republican_party_of_farmers_and_peasants ) ) were simply banned . 
  despite this shenanigans they did n't have the majority they needed and in 1948 they stage the coup anyway . 
  i would say do n't pesecute people in general . 
  you never know who will turn out to be brilliant . 
  sometimes i wonder how many talent was wasted throughout history with great people suffering from injustice or being deprived basic education . 
  it just is this way without anyone trying too hard . 
  i guess we have decent healthcare and public education systems . 
  but , in my opinion , the biggest factor is simple fact that all regions are very similar . 
  similar geografy , similar resources , similar climate , similar population density , similar gdp so there is not that much need for wealth reditribution . 
  nice . 
  i like how it can be only seen thanks to bending of the light in the atmosphere . 
  fertile crescent does not appear to be that fertile any more . 
  czech republic does not oppose the sanctions . 
  government just reserved a right to disagree without condeming the idea like fico did . 
  did you read that part `` why negotiations should be secret '' ? 
  that is a war separatists started . 
  what did you think would happen when separatists had assaulted goverment buildings and police ? 
  they had no right to unilaterally secede to begin with . 
  it absurd to call fight for something they never had a defence . 
  no , offensive bad , defence good . 
  i honnestly think it should not . 
  crowds and polititians are not a good negotiators . 
  make it go public before it is finished and you will see histerical show about every little insignificant detail anyone would dare to propose . 
  you can not negotiate in environment like that . 
  final text will be made public and european parlament will vote on that . 
  that is democratic and transparent enough for me . 
  well , we do n't have any far right party in parlament perhaps except okamura 's party . 
  i do n't even know what building is that . 
  charles university uses many building accoss the city . 
  the original building which serve mostly represetative purposses is [ karolinum ] ( http://img.ct24.cz/cache/616x411/article/34/3321/332056.jpg?1329917519 ) . 
  i think it 's a problem of general brain drain . 
  with all that brains moving this way it 's no wonder `` everything good '' is happening here . 
  i do n't think borders changed that much . 
  it depend on how much you value this partial and/or speculative bad news which are spreading through media . 
  i do n't think differences in regulations are so large that we as a consumers should be worried that much . 
  it is not as if we are trying to negotiate free trade agreement with a country with absolutely neglected regulations like china . 
  i value the prospect of gdp growth boost much more than slight changes in some regulations . 
  please explain what discrimination you saw it that video . 
  but that is just because european powers moved on while russia still aims to be 19th century style european great power . 
   plus when you consider revival of term like novorossiya and relations between government and the church i say present day russia resembles russian empire . 
  perhaps gold would be better colour as a reference to russian empire . 
  perhaps this law alone is n't very important , but that does not mean it 's not abused . 
  that does not follow . 
  it just mean consequences of that abuse are n't very significant . 
  it 's just a part policy of bullying the opposition . 
  together with various laws limiting demonstrations or law against hurting other people religious feelings they can make excersise of human rights quite difficult . 
  if we consider current goverment seeks even more restrictions i say this is a major problem . 
  i think is a problem of the law being to vague and broad . 
  i think this lack of legal certainty is a major problem . 
  it invites prejudice and allows abuse . 
  those who are unlucky to be obvious enough or have enemies are much more likely to be punished . 
   notions of social equivalence of traditional and non-traditional sexual relations but this is exactly what lgbt is about . 
  that is what rainbow flag stands for . 
  how do you know ? 
  is there any legal precedent or anything at all which would explain what is and what is n't gay propaganda ? 
  as far as i know that federal law simply bans `` propaganda of homosexualism among minors '' . 
  i do n't understant why `` sodomy is sweeter than honey '' is violation of the law , especialy when it was n't among minors . 
  i thought rainbow flags alone were a problem . 
  what has changed ? 
  last time i read about lgbt and st. petersburg some activist were detained without any other apparent reason . 
  i do n't think it was the best idea to use the map for this . 
  i can not see the maltease girl . 
  whats the story behind this ?
