  what i do n't like is incredible short foresight . 
  it has been said politians only plan ahead to the next press conference . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there is no hypocrisy in critisizing russia for lack of free press and supporting ukraine as a victim of russian agresion . 
  some countries define hate speech as defamation of nationality , race , ethic group , people with or without certain political or religious convictions etc. 
  religion do n't nessasary have a special treatment . 
  i am not sure whether it should be ilegal . 
  quran is to blame . 
  it 's just not the only cause . 
  so , you would be willing to throw kid into some grim replacement care institution because his parents yelled at him once ? 
  ... more like economy is doing poorly . 
  fair point . 
  currency is not the only factor but it 's definitely significant . 
  can you get when did the central bank intervene ? 
  each country has its own monetary policy . 
  they can set exchange rates as they like . 
  for example our central bank made an intervention over a year ago to weaken czech crown so czech republic is cheaper now . 
  it 's all about currency . 
  many things are technicly possible you can only see it in science fiction for various reasons like nuclear rockets , human clonning , sending probe to the earth 's core etc. 
  we probably have very different ideas about what the word `` possible '' means . 
  there is science fiction `` possible '' and sensible economic decision `` possible '' . 
  in order for 100 % renewable electricity to be in the second category it would need to be possible with comparable costs and realibility to the current solution . 
  edit : by the way i do agree with you that same sort of balance would be most preferable . 
  unlimited funds is another such assumption . 
  you ca n't made informed decisions with that . 
  either the technology is available now or it 's not . 
  you ca n't base your whole energy strategy on what might be in 2050 . 
  you could seriously cripple the economy if you do . 
  look backward . 
  what did people in 1980 believe it would be possible in 2015 ? 
  all the studies i saw which suggested it 's feasible made some really big assumptions like lossless and free electricity transport across whole continent and such . 
  100 % renewable electricity production is science fiction . 
  i think we will sooner see viable fusion reactors . 
  you can according to kansas state department board of education . 
  look up a history of pastafarism . 
  there is no clear difference between cult and religion . 
  people still have the same religious rights . 
  point of pastafarianism was to show that if you allow extemption based on religious belief you can always invent religion to suit your needs . 
  it would be ok to attend if kremlin was n't using it as an opportunity to celebrate annexation of crimea . 
  i do n't want our president to attend but it 's zeman so what can i do ? 
  perhaps . 
  i am not going to argue with you about which nonsence is less irrational . 
  of course , i forgot you believe in perpetuum mobile and conspiracy theories . 
  if you believe that 's the case what would be a point of such deal ? 
  germany could just pay its own banks and it would n't have to get involved in this mess . 
   does my answer really matter ? 
  of course it does matter . 
  it the only thing that matters when we are talking about whether is something free . 
  either you give something for free or you want something in return . 
  there is no third option . 
  i said nothing about easy , in fact nobody in this thread expept you did . 
  you did n't answer my question ? 
  what did germany recieved in return ? 
  forgiving debt is de facto giving money . 
  greek debt was restructualized . 
  since you believe it 's both the same you must believe greece recieved money . 
  so what do you believe germany recieved in return that make you so opposed to the idea it was free money ? 
  few months ago someone said he would n't be in favour of forgiving parts of greek debts but that he can imagine postponing the obligation to pay and you responded with something along the lines that you realise it does n't help you side of an argument but that there is no difference between those two things . 
  i am pretty sure that you said here on / r/europe before that postponing obligation to pay the debt de facto equals free money . 
  not really . 
  free money with condition on how they can spend them are still free money . 
  not where i live . 
  my hometown has plenty of drinking water . 
  i can image that radical left has very distorted view of political spectrum . 
  well , you did n't say that it is inherently worse . 
  the continent is bigger than just france . 
  i do n't believe that they had 10 % total taxation . 
  it 's usually around 30-60 % . 
  337 % of that is over 100 % . 
  edit : words, 
  which means that lower income group has grown while higher income group shrunk . 
  that 's the only way that 337.7 % figure makes any sence . 
  it does n't nessasary mean that rich paid less as some seem to believe . 
  that 's exactly what russian propaganda want 's you to believe . 
  russian media are shamelessly manipulating information or even lying but west is too so the truth must be somewhere in between . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  western media are reporting fairly accuarately . 
  if you were trying to find out more than simply believing what feels right it would be obvious to you . 
  truth is not always in the middle . 
  same could be said about czech cuisine except czechs would n't be this self-critical . 
  and apparently texans like our [ kola\u010de ] ( http://cs.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2y0j61/cream_cheese_kolaches_from_the_best_kolache_place/ ) so perhaps we are not the worst . 
  they are right that czech radio is reporting it but it 's not called republican radio . 
  official country names are serious business . 
  nobody will admit that they change their mind right away , but such trip is still effective nevertheless . 
  i can agree with that . 
  no , i ca n't say i do , not even the people i voted for . 
  and it 's not just a desillusion . 
  i think that even in the ideal situation it 's nessasary to check or even pressure them . 
  it 's very easy for them to ignore the sillent . 
  it 's true some mep , i do n't remember who , included some statement about net neutrality into much broader telecommunication regulation and it was passed . 
  reddit jump to it as a glorious victory , mainly because the situation in the us . 
  acta was indeed rejected but only because the outcry , without it i believe it would have been passed . 
  i do n't have much trust in the parliament and the commision . 
  no doubt there are a few meps who will pasionately opose any anti net neutrality proposal but i think such legislation could pass . 
  when a eu institution proposes something then it is formal part of the eu . 
  that 's not vague at all . 
  which institutions are part of the eu is defined very precisely in the lisbon treaty . 
  ... but national governments are represented in the council which is part of the eu . 
  perhaps force heavily focused on logistics and support which would allow larger national armies to be deployed abroad would be more agreeable than conventional army . 
  that would be against principle of equality before the law .
