  i will spare you the details but child did n't die and it looks like father is a sociopath or a sadist and did n't want the child . 
  no disagreement there . 
  i am not exactly fan of discipline and strict parenting myself , but trouble is removing the child is violence too , so it is n't as clear cut as it might appear . 
  but if you argue that lower standards of evidence is good because it gives authorities more power , then the consequence is that authorities could remove children , when they previously could n't . 
  in short it 's a trade off between privacy and safety . 
  let 's not pretend it is n't . 
  and if we are talking any violence as opposed to harm as the standard , i do n't believe it 's a good trade off . 
  i do n't like this trend . 
  if someone is to be persecuted there has to be evidence of wrongdoing . 
  what you are describing is de facto preventively removing children from families . 
  as terrible as domestic violence it 's not the only danger out there . 
  i ca n't find statistics right now , but i think accidents are much more common . 
  we would probably not support safety police forcing their way into homes on suspicion , why should we support this ? 
   who said anything about a government ban ? 
  you implied it when you said you do not support equal rights . 
  preference during adoption process based on some professional opinion has nothing to do with rights . 
  it 's generally not even something you have control over . 
  there is no way for a government to exercise that preference without a ban . 
  anyway i find it very curious that you would find homosexual couples , which are statistically more likely to be upper middle class , to be among the worst to rise children . 
  i can easily imagine much worse upbringing . 
  i was n't talking about additional benefits either . 
  there is plenty of things that have no benefit . 
  does that mean they should be banned ? 
  this is why i believe precautionary principle harmful . 
  you should n't have to be convinced of some benefits in order to support equal rights . 
  equality before the law is the is the fundamental principle of the free society . 
  besides these empirical studies are often misleading or just plain wrong . 
  interpretations usually invite prejudice . 
  political elite in young democracies sometimes do stupid things like that . 
  we had a opposition agreement period between 1998-2002 , which was relatively transparent push for the two party system and division of the state between two largest parties . 
  investigation of corruption was de facto frozen . 
  politicians from either sides made no attempts sell it as beneficial to the voter , despite mass demonstrations . 
  fallacy is an error in reasoning . 
  you are simply stating that refugees are not treated like criminals . 
  so what is it ? 
  did i committed a fallacy or am i factually incorrect . 
  first is unfounded and second is ridiculous . 
  had i choose analogy with unicorns , would you said that unicorns do n't exist ? 
  it 's perfectly valid answer . 
  i do n't need to go in depth into refugee camp management just to make simple point about her probable motives . 
  meanwhile you completely ignored my question and went with this convoluted reasoning . 
  you need to get this idea out of your head , that everything happens with a purpose to advance or hurt some cause . 
  most people or organisations act on simple pragmatic or self-interested reasons . 
  by the way have you bothered to read some reports or do you just believe what politicians like le pen tell you ? 
  no , i did n't compare supposed refugees with convinced criminals . 
  this is my third answer to this question . 
  i do n't care about your internet points . 
  i choose words and analogies as it suits me . 
  i have no need for a style police . 
  honestly , it quite stupid to step into discussion just to be offended by language that was not even addressed to you . 
  i will engage in discussion with whomever i please . 
  besides i do n't believe he is a troll . 
  i 've just gave you an example . 
  no , i did n't . 
  i do n't know why would you think this would be more satisfactory answer . 
  refugee camp is de facto a low security prison . 
  you would do that at the expense of your responsibilities , with a risk to undermine your authority and making your life harder ? 
  what if she was some crazy green/pacifist and would tie herself to something to obstruct normal operation ? 
  imagine you run a prison . 
  would you permitted entry to anyone who would suddenly demanded entry at the gate ? 
  you might have made some safety precautions and permitted the visit , if you had a chance to prepare . 
  it looks like le pen made sure she would be refused . 
  she is not the french republic . 
  he did n't imply anything of the sort . 
  i believe it 's about the option to deny entry for security reasons . 
  it 's nothing unusual . 
  it looks like deliberate political move to be rejected in order to gain attention . 
  it 's an op-ed by member of a think-tank with history of pro tobacco lobbying , which does not sound very trustworthy . 
  us does not have problem with gun violence because of its constitution . 
  yes , but that does not necessarily affect reporting on politics . 
  do you plan actually address my argument , or are you just interested in a pissing contest ? 
  i usually look at freedom of press . 
  here is a short summary by reporters without borders :  the israeli press enjoys a real freedom , which is rare in the middle east region . 
  nonetheless , despite the existence of free and independent media , journalists face a `` military censorship '' and must deal with censorship orders . 
  abuses of the israeli army against palestinian and foreign journalists are common , especially while covering demonstrations . 
  in other words there are problems that might distort reporting on for example the situation in the west bank , but you ca n't make the argument , that general quality of israeli media is so bad that you can dismiss whatever they say on sweden-israel relations . 
  for this purpose they are about the same quality . 
  what is depressing about sunset being at 20:00 or 15:30 ? 
  those are just numbers , that ultimately does n't change anything . 
  as i understand it spanish work hours usually start at 9:00 or 10:00 because of this timezone abnormality . 
  all this time shifts achieve is general confusion , you ca n't command nature . 
  i know a few things about journalism in general , so i know there is no such thing as an unbiased medium , as i have explained . 
  `` moral power '' may be the the great benefit to international reputation of sweden , but it 's no use in this particular case . 
  every political statement should be judged on its own merit . 
   ... while brandishing a czech flag , ... 
  seriously ?!, 
  what that has to do with anything ? 
  does nationalism cloud your judgement so much that foreign flag is all it takes to provoke you ? 
  by the way everybody is biased . 
  good journalists communicate their biases , and give detailed reasoning for their opinions , so that the reader can make his own opinion . 
  if you do n't understand that you have no basis to make meaningful criticism of any news source . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  it has a bias , but it 's not any worse than the swedish media . 
  no , you ca n't say that transgender people suffer from mental illness , because their gender status . 
  that 's complete nonsense and has nothing to do with what i said . 
  transgender do have statistically speaking higher incidence of those problems even when controlled for bulling etc. 
  that 's why it has associated mental disorder . 
  of course not every single individual who gone through sex change has to has it . 
  anyway i find it ridiculous there are many who are ready to declare war on the psychiatrists in the name of the social progress , especially when psychiatrist do recommend as a treatment what transgender want . 
  gid is a mental illness and it will most likely stay that way .
