  if try to label people with dehumanising terms you will not get very far if your opponents are worth anything as speakers . 
  it 's trivial to show such ideas are nonsensical . 
  i find much more offensive your implication that people ca n't possibly understand that , that they must be protected by some autority , some bureaucrat . 
  i could understand that if we were talking about children or mentally unstable people , who could be actually verbally abused , but adults ? 
  well , that 's quite ignorant and unpatriotic . 
  if you are just blindly following traditions and founding principles and do n't care whether they are any good , than why are you even discussing it ? 
  it wo n't bring you anything else . 
   as i said , i do n't buy the idea that unpoliced speech is free speech . 
  there is nothing to buy . 
  that 's a precise explicit meaning of the free speech in the english language . 
  if you want to police speech then you are against the free speech . 
  you ca n't redefine language because implications of some contradictions make you uncomfortable . 
   we have already started prosecuting foreign companies who fail to enforce the correct version of free speech on web platforms they offer in germany . 
  which is a shame . 
  germany should not undermine democratic principles eu is build upon . 
  that concerns me as an eu citizen greatly . 
  if you want your country to go this route of doing whatever it likes , then you are throwing any moral right to criticise other eu countries , such as to care whether other countries take in refugees or not . 
  sadly you are not alone with this sentiment that germany can to no wrong and that it ca n't possibly learn anything of value from other people or countries . 
  it 's quite hypocritical considering growing anti-american sentiments in germany . 
  germans are n't any different form americans in this way . 
   if you defend the expression of harmful ideas , you 're implicitly defending the ideas themselves . 
  that 's nonsensical statement . 
  with that logic you might as well say that being pro free speech makes me anti free speech because i support your right to say what you say . 
  support for to right to say something does not imply support for what is being said in any way . 
  laws against holocaust denial perhaps had a purpose immediately after the war to prevent reemergence of nazism , but now it serves no other purpose then to satisfy demand of people insecure about past crimes committed by their country . 
  it is about national sentiment . 
  middle easterners are correct to make such observation . 
  there is no evidence holocaust denial incite any actual violence . 
  all we have are law enforcements chasing old grumpy amateur historians and conspiracy theorists . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  i think it 's again nothing else but this stubborn refusal to learn , from history in this case . 
  we sometimes like to use the word `` inhumane '' , such as that the nazi atrocities were inhumane , which is a ridiculous word if you think about it . 
  nazis committed terrible crimes , but they were human . 
  it should be an evidence that people are capable of great evil , not that nazis were n't human . 
  if we want to be better than that we must be aware of our weaknesses . 
  to deny them and lock people dare to speak in prison as a moral cowardice a denial of different kind , which i believe have much worse real world impact . 
  what kind of ridiculously absurd counterexample is that ? 
  murder and torture is illegal for different reasons . 
  even the most radical libertarian version of free speech laws does not legalise murder or torture . 
  you keep repeating the same mantra , but you have n't even started to explain what the dignity , equality and tolerance is supposed to be exactly and why should anyone else beside of you care . 
  it looks as if you want to have every vaguely positive sounding value and are completely oblivious to inherent contradictions between them . 
  you obviously have n't expended much effort in finding reasonable compromise . 
  you say that germans learned from the mistakes of the weimar republic as if that was a fact , but did they really ? 
  they sure pin the blame to something and tried something different , but it was n't put through the same test , fortunately . 
  we do n't really know . 
  you can base an argument on that . 
  i do n't defend the holocaust denial , i defend the right to say all kind of things including denying holocaust , that does n't mean i myself deny holocaust . 
  i actually think there is more than enough evidence for genocide of jewish and other people by the nazi germany . 
  i just do n't want to isolate and martyr the deniers . 
  i do n't think we should feel threatened by them . 
  i also want to remove this precedence that you can limit the individual freedoms because it offends so national or religious sentiments . 
  for instance there is a lot of muslims in the world would want similar to persecute critics of islam in the same way and why the hell they should n't be able to if germany and other countries can have laws against holocaust denial . 
  perhaps you should have said that . 
  what are those good reasons ? 
  who are you to say what is a purpose of the free speech ? 
  what we can say is what it does , which is to organise your thoughts and put them up for scrutiny . 
  it is a process through which you can learn . 
  probably the only way you can learn anything at all . 
  that 's why i think it is so valuable . 
  it seems to me that you are confusing reality with your preconceived ideas . 
  by the way nobody but you is talking about `` freedom to hate and discriminate '' . 
  hate is an emotion that might very well be behind holocaust denial , but that does n't really matter . 
  mere speech do no harm and discrimination is about action not speech . 
  those are not good reasons to oppose free speech . 
  then you want less taboos so that populist would be starved of such opportunities . 
  to eliminate taboos you need a cultural environment than values intellectual courage to question them . 
  you need more free speech not less !, 
  how can possibly be the notion that i must be forbidden to voice certain ideas in order to be able to voice any ideas i want be anything else than an absurd doublethink ? 
  not only you are incoherent but you absolutely ignore the obvious danger of lack of personal responsibility of your own inability to deal with hateful or ignorant ideas . 
  i mean if hateful and dangerous ideologies are gaining strength should you become more passionate and knowledgeable advocate of what you believe is right or should you limit the free speech more ? 
  that 's nonsense . 
  boisterous radicals have little power . 
  they only have the stage when people who know better do nothing , because it 's beneath them or because the care too much what would other people think of them . 
  that 's what happened with brexit and trump , i believe . 
  political elite seems to have forgotten that the status quo needs to be defended by actual speech , the kind that bares some risks with it . 
  it like the radical a gaining support , simply because their opposition is failing to make an appearance . 
  there is not much value in the human dignity as there is in the free speech . 
  it 's easy to throw a tantrum about how offensive something is . 
  it does not cultivate mind as the speech can . 
  why should we incentivise people to play offended ? 
  how do you polder under the ice sheet ? 
  structural funds are a compensation for the single market deal , which while it is mutually beneficial , it benefits western europe more . 
  deal is equatable as it is . 
  the idea that you can demand more after the deal is made is ludicrous . 
  i think that 's not a best attitude to have . 
  i am no social democrat either , but i must admit sobotka is relatively clean and honest . 
  i think at least part of his perceived incompetence , is due to a simple fact this kind of personalities do n't usually thrive in that environment . 
  do we want to reinforce the idea that one has to be a rat to succeed in politics ? 
   trying to preserve objectivity and counter the brain-washing with openness clearly does n't work . 
  you can observe what it can lead to in russia of late 2000 , ukraine of 2014 , us of 2016 etc. 
  what openness do you speak of ? 
  us election campaign was a circus , it has always been . 
  this is just a culmination of that trend . 
  who was the last us president to speak his mind freely without obsessive moderation for the best calculated effect ? 
  russian and ukrainian political culture is even worse , just with a flavour of cynicism and pessimism . 
  accusing russia of media control and propaganda in front of putin fine and even admirable , but i do n't think denying access to those media is the correct way to go about it . 
  being denied paints worse image for the russian public that whatever bullshit can those media invent . 
  russians are not stupid , they understand media are lying , but this help reinforce the idea that europe is not that different from russia . 
  it 's also sign of weakness since this propaganda business is all about appearances . 
  it only works when people believe it works .
