  i do n't know why you bringing up the sharia law . 
  that example serves no purpose except perhaps that you want to paint me as sharia law supporter , which would be yet another low blow from you . 
  ... so in other words there is no objective difference . 
  that 's what i 've been saying all along . 
  that means we can not write clear intructions in the law what is what . 
  law has to permit limitations to the free speech in order to judge people for what they said and we have trust the justice system not to abuse this power . 
  only other option is to decriminalize crimes that are defined only by words and intentions such as a crime instigating murder . 
  so what do you prefer ? 
  how can you judge my ideas when you do n't even have enough patience to listen ? 
  only reason i 'm asking you how would you write law against instigation of violence is that i want to understant what is that difference you are talking about . 
  examples you gave me could be easiely switched . 
   a man randomly says as a joke `` kill a dane or two '' . 
  one person around to hear it later kills a couple of danes . 
   a man orders a person `` i wish those danes would just die '' , the person later kills two danes . 
  so how would you write your law against instigation of violence ? 
  you would ban imperative ? 
  you keep saying that but can you actually demostate the difference ? 
  there is no objective difference between an opinion and instigation of violence . 
  only difference is an intention . 
  same words can be an opinion in one case and instigation of violence in another . 
  if you want to make instigation of violence illegal you inevitably need to limit freedom of speech and hope it wo n't be ubused . 
  if instigating of violence were legal then justice system could only punish those useful idiots who do what they are told and leaders would be untouchable even if they had clear agenda of say ethnic cleansing . 
  i do n't see that as just . 
  so , why exactly should be illegal to tell single person to kill but legal to tell multiple people to kill while making a speech ? 
  by the way i 'm not saying vigilatism is the same thing as hate speech either . 
  i 'm saying hate speech is a very usefull tool to instigate violence such as vigilantism . 
  that is a straw man . 
  i do n't want any manipulation to be illegal . 
  i 'm talking specificaly about the hate speech . 
  i think you would n't like if it was legal to hire an assassin . 
  this is in the way similar to the example of a vigelante justice . 
  how can you so easiely tell the difference between voicing his opinion and manipulating crowd to commit acts of violence ? 
  both is done just by talking . 
  on the other hand we should n't forget about good old days of vigelante justice and pogroms . 
  charismatic speaker leading an angry crowd of people can do a lot of harm . 
  it does n't seem right to me that such speaker would be protected under the free speech . 
  what exactly should catalonia leave ? 
  can you give me an example of some xenophobic ? 
  i do n't understand geman very well so i can not judge how harsh those quotes are . 
  i just see some anti-imigration quotes but nothing i would call xenophobic . 
  i think this is general problem of how vague polititians often are . 
  there was a little education experiment among high-school students with a similar premise except it was n't limited to just two parties . 
  most could n't tell the parties apart . 
  quite a lot of them were fooled by we-are-legitimate-democratic-party rethoric of the far left and the far right . 
  they might be right of the cdu but that does n't mean they are far right . 
  cdu is closer to the center than other european center-right parties . 
  wow . 
  what 's with the fasist accusations ? 
  it was my understanding afd is moderate eurosceptical party . 
  blisty.cz is notoriously unreliable source . 
  i would n't be suprised if they were quoting that little opinion poll app news servers sometimes use . 
  there is a lot of irrational pacificism over here but there is no evidence that public would actually oppose nato troops in our territory considering the current situation in ukraine . 
  opinion poll was published yesterday . 
  unfortunatelly they did n't ask about this but apparently 40 % fear russia , 53 % sympathize with ukraine while 14 % sympathize with russia . 
  it 's a shame that stropnick\u00fd does n't have enough courage to support potencialy unpopular decision . 
  where did you get those numbers ? 
  i found 67 % against . 
  i disagree with your views on ussr but i personaly do n't care so much about the past . 
  i would be glad to put the past behind us but it 's hard when russia is still behaving in a very similar way . 
  our counterinteligence is reporting large numbers of russian spies in our territory . 
  your representatives will occasionaly remind us how small and weak we are while russia invades and annex foreign territory . 
  that is not the best way to make friends . 
  yes , we have some satirical parties , but this one is deadly serious . 
  cibulka is just crazy . 
  whenever he talks he just spew accusations . 
  everyone is either corupted or russian spy . 
  if you ask for evidence he responds that everything he says can be easily verified with a sideric pendulum . 
  '' ] ( http://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/volte_prav%c3%bd_blok_www.cibulka.net ), 
  they linked `` 9p151 launcher '' to `` 9k115-2 metis-m '' wiki page . 
   it appears to be a [ 9p151 launcher ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9k115-2_metis-m ) , which could fire either a 9k115 metis or 9k115-2 metis-m missile , an advanced russian anti-tank weapon . 
  wiki says it is in service since 1992 . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  while there are no reasonable objection on health effects of gmo there definately are reasonable legal objections . 
  way the patent law works nowadays it creates unhealthy monopolies . 
  as i said nobody can guarantee that any food product is 100 % safe . 
  that is how science works . 
  you can not prove positive claim . 
  if you ate only things that were proven safe you would starve to dead . 
  so you need to lower your expectations . 
  secondly if that article was honest it would mention that there is not study that would examine health effects of non gm crops . 
  there is very simple reason why there is no such study either on effects of gm or non gm crops . 
  it 's a nonsensical distinction . 
  every new species might potentionaly have negative health effects . 
  it does not matter how that species come to be , whether it was cultivated naturaly or geneticaly modified . 
   ... all found differences in the gm-fed animals , which in some cases were statistically significant ; notice how it tries to imply that those differences are negative . 
  it 's just rhetorics . 
  i might as well spin it around a tell `` the study found differences in non-gm fed animals '' . 
  this article is missleading . 
  nobody can guarantee that any food product is 100 % safe . 
  however there definitely is a scientific consensus that there is no evidence that gm crops are any more harmfull than other crops and that there is no reason to expect any . 
   rigorous studies investigating the safety of gm crops and foods would normally involve animal feeding studies in which one group of animals is fed gm food and another group is fed an equivalent non-gm diet . 
  independent studies of this type are rare , but when such studies have been performed , some have revealed toxic effects or signs of toxicity in the gm-fed animals . 
  [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] the concerns raised by these studies have not been followed up by targeted research that could confirm or refute the initial findings . 
  [ there ] ( http://www.iatp.org/files/gmotoxicityreport.pdf ) is a link to one of those `` rigorous '' studies . 
  this paper has been long debunked . 
  control group contains only 10 mice !, 
  nobody can draw any conclusion from such small sample . 
  it 's just statistical noise . 
  yet it is quoted again and again by the anti-gmo sites . 
  relevant .
