  spent fuel rod is the most dangerous waste . 
  induced radiation in reactor containers , safety equipment etc. 
  is low risk . 
  there is ongoing search , but it 's not urgent . 
  nobody is itching to get rid of their waste . 
  and it 's no technical challenge either . 
  there are many suitable places for storage . 
  the biggest obstacle is the popular opinion . 
  copper tools are known to survive for millennia even when it 's not stored properly . 
  there is also native metallic copper , which is supposedly primordial . 
  we might not know theoretically how long will it last , but we know empirically it can last virtually forever . 
  i am not sure what you find so surprising about earthquakes . 
  they are the main thing you want to avoid when choosing a site . 
  large parts of europe are earthquake free and will stay that way for millions of years . 
  there is no permanent storage facility , because it 's not high priority . 
  spent nuclear fuel is actually valuable source of fission material and it does not pile up very quickly . 
  it can be stored on site for decades . 
  fact that there is no permanent storage facility yet does not mean anything . 
  no , obviously gas and coal power is cheaper , hydro is cheaper still when available , but nuclear is next best base load power source . 
  i do n't really like subsidies , but if i had to i would subsidise all clean power evenly , which includes nuclear . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  geophysics and seismology are pretty well understood fields . 
  there is no mystery in what causes earthquakes . 
  there is no problem in finding suitable geologically stable place . 
  that 's circular argument . 
  when heavy lobbying against nuclear power makes it difficult to build new reactors , of course you will eventually end up with ageing and increasingly more and more unreliable technology . 
  if you were to spend half as much money as what is poured into renewables on nuclear subsidies , you would have new , modern and highly reliable power plants . 
  by the way i have in principle no problems with `` emergency '' shutdowns . 
  it 's not wise to discourage safety and maintenance procedures . 
  well , i am no lawyer and i do n't know anything about polish law , all i know is that this practice is shady . 
  industry takes advantage of a simply fact that in this globalised world and single european market , brand recognition leaks across borders . 
  i think i have every right to feel cheated when i encounter this shit irrespective of legal technicalities . 
  they advertise a singular product . 
  some at least have the decency to change the packaging , like `` special edition '' or something , when they change the composition . 
  it pretty common in electronics too . 
  manufacturers will often make better initial product and once it collects good score in tests , which are expensive to repeat , they silently change it slightly . 
  it 's not a problem of enforcement either . 
  it 's legal . 
  consumers simply need to be more critical when choosing their food , educate themselves , read consumer tests , remember the worst offenders etc. 
  i think it 's a problem partially due to older generation , which never needed these skills , because under communism there was so little choice and shortages , best strategy was simply to buy anything . 
  old habits die hard . 
  czech food regulation are in many ways more strict , because this is a known issue . 
  for example meat has much narrower legal meaning , so identical sausage can declare more meat content than in germany , but that does not solve this problem . 
  it 's perfectly legal to sell shitty salami with the same brand as better german product as long as it has properly declared ingredients . 
  there is a slight problem of false advertisement , but with these relatively minor changes it 's very difficult to prove , since producer can invent various false but plausible reasons , why they need to change the product . 
  it 's not an issue of safety but quality . 
  you ca n't ban cheap chocolate . 
  food industry use that to hide inferior products under established brands . 
  it 's borderline false advertisement . 
  but there are also legitimate reasons to slightly alter ingredients , because of different food regulations . 
  not significant increase in reliance on coal , still looks like a fail for such expensive policy . 
  even gaming rig will stay way bellow 100w at idle , 10 hours a day at full load is very pessimistic . 
  yes they do , as if slow long term changes mattered to us in the 21th century . 
  randal 's graph puts end of the last ice age warming and the anthropogenic global warming into the right perspective . 
  cases do n't happen . 
  they are made . 
  question should be what would happen if similar evidence was gathered by the us authorities . 
  lawyers are not universal . 
  american lawyers would make a different case from the same evidence . 
  he could have been sentenced for a different crime . 
  ... or he could have ended in guantanamo . 
  there were some radical imams or recruiters . 
  this is pretty far from what would i call an adequate protest . 
  it 's at least good to see that police take measures to stop the violence . 
  the apple tree one make me think , that author probably do n't know how trees work . 
  have n't juncker made similar tax exceptions while he was prime minister of luxembourg ? 
  so , can i get free tickets for cinema , concerts et cetera ? 
  what ? 
  wendelstein 7-x posts were also in the wrong subreddit ? 
  what about the comet landing ? 
  i imagine it wo n't be that ambiguous . 
  you 've bundled so many different topics it 's difficult to tell what are you trying to say ? 
  that states with higher taxes should be protected against competition of states with lower taxes ? 
  us governs itself differently , but i have hard time believing is some kind of a dystopia . 
  that people are forced to buy worse or less save products . 
  also when you look at the [ co2 emission ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=en_atm_co2e_pc&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:deu:usa&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=cs&amp;dl=cs&amp;ind=false ) for instance . 
  germany has monstrous renewable subsidies , but decrease in emission is n't that dramatic . 
  us does n't do much in term of government funding but their co2 emissions go down faster . 
  so i do n't think fair to say that us is doing less just because its spending less . 
  it 's should bring minor but not negligible benefit to the average voter . 
  just as for example a policy which would bring administrative relief to small businesses is beneficial to an average voter , even when average voter most likely do n't own a small business . 
  trade agreement is in principle very similar but instead to small businesses it caters to international corporations and foreign investors , but those are apparently pure evil so we are going to shoot ourselves in the foot out of spite . 
  it says it could cost up to 105 billion to clean up . 
  there are other sources . 
  none goes into trillions , not even [ greenpeace ] ( http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/getinvolved/they-profit-you-pay/ ) . 
  all attempting to estimate tho final costs , not just report money spent so far . 
  how is it even possible you do n't know that already ? 
  anyone with genuine interest in cost of nuclear power must have googled fukushima several times already . 
  [ cost of fukushima disaster ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97c88560-e05b-11e5-8d9b-e88a2a889797.html#axzz4hrqgicym ) , so your cited cost are overblown by factor of ten , when compared to most expensive disaster in history , while they should be using average disaster instead . 
  estimated frequency of nuclear disasters is also overblown . 
  as i pointed out previously once every 100 years is ridiculous . 
  if that were the case we would have several major nuclear disasters every year , given the fact there are several hundred nuclear power plants in the world . 
  in reality there were only few in 60 years or so . 
  that 's another factor of ten . 
  i not going to have a discussion with you on whether some accident was slightly more serious than it 's commonly believed . 
  insurance estimate you cited was wrong by at least two orders magnitude !, 
  you ca n't fix that by discussing three miles island . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_nuclear_event_scale ) is the page you should be looking at . 
  meltdowns with no consequence on environment or public health are unimportant when attempting to estimate insurance costs . 
  aparently i was remembering wrong .
