  why did you think i would care what helps or hurts vucic ? 
  i could n't care less about such rhetoric . 
  i am not invested in serbian politics . 
  it 's actually pretty interesting you tried to pull such a nonsense on a foreigner . 
  side does not matter . 
  everyone is entitled to peacefully protest anything they like . 
  it yet to be seen whether those elections were democratic . 
  apparently serbian authorities managed to deter foreign observers , so it 's hard to tell at this point . 
  rule of the majority is not how liberal democracy works . 
  constitution trumps election results . 
  i assume serbia does grand fundamental human rights to it citizens , such as freedom of assembly . 
  that would be against separation of church and state . 
  that would be counter productive if you want to work against the salafist influence . 
  you say there is not much to tell , but i find it very interesting . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a shame this topic is dominated by empty posturing . 
  what about knives , axes , hammers , chainsaws etc. 
  are you trying to say that you would be more likely to murder someone if you had a gun ? 
  that ban on folding stocks is stupid , hopefully czech government will be liberal with those permissions . 
   so just because it might help boost erdogan we should ignore our regulations and endanger citizens ? 
  yes , but it need some clarification . 
  it does not mean that anything goes . 
  i do n't know much about constitutional order in netherlands , but i assume it has as a constitution monarchy a constitution it 's also signatory of universal declaration of human rights and european convention on human rights , all of which override local regulations and ordinances . 
  it 's true that freedom ends where freedom of someone else begins , but there is no such thing as a `` freedom of safety '' . 
  i would say it 's polite and considerate to notify local authorities , but it 's not actually required , same as it 's not required to be polite to exercise freedom of speech . 
  only legitimate reason to `` ban '' a demonstration i can think of , is when it conflicts with another scheduled demonstration . 
  does it endanger citizens ? 
  technically yes , i assume those turks have citizenship , but as far as i know they endanger mostly themselves . 
  somehow i doubt they would go looting or do something to endanger others , if left alone . 
  if they are stubbornly determined to ignore the warning i say let them . 
  you ca n't save people from themselves . 
  that never ends well . 
  you ca n't have both safety and freedom . 
  it 's either or . 
  it looks like safety was prioritised over freedom . 
  i agree that turkish government acts like a spoiled child , but that does n't mean netherlands should act as a parent . 
  that 's a bad idea . 
  it undermines efforts to spread democracy and damage relations . 
  especially know before the turkish referendum . 
  i expect this incident to boost pro erdogan side . 
  democratic country should instead set an example , that means it has to stick to the principles of fundamental human rights even at the cost of safety . 
  thanks , i appreciate it , even when i feel like i should n't be bitter about downvotes . 
  it would be hypocritical of me if i want netherlands to take more principled approach to these problems . 
  at this point i find it hard to believe complete inaction would be worse . 
  inaction has a benefit that you do n't lose face when it is ends badly . 
  is n't that similar to that us flag burning case ? 
  in other words local police had the power to ban it . 
  decentralisation of power is great , but it still has to obey constitutional principles , right ? 
  i do n't question the methods for the enforcement of those bans . 
  i do n't think there is a substantial difference between denying entry or expelling . 
  i am just not convinced there was a good reason for the ban in the first place . 
  am i the only one who thinks that to deny freedom of association and expelling foreign diplomats/government members is n't the correct way to respond to development in turkey ? 
  their solution is rubbish , but my point is they do n't have interest to deny existence of those problems . 
  sweden choose social democratic approach and it did n't work , so it actually gives them ammunition against social democracy . 
  what i find the most alarming about this whole story is that everybody seems to be discussing his bias , some semantic issues , or criminality , instead of the elephant in the room , which is that foreign journalist does not feel comfortable investigating this story or that swedish media and police apparently quite heavy-handedly push their national agenda . 
  that does not speak well about freedom of press in sweden . 
  ignore the far right attempting to blame immigrants . 
  it 's clearly not their fault they have been lured into the country and gradually isolated . 
  it 's sweden fault it undermined its democratic process by this self-censorship , which led to perpetuation of unsound immigration/social policies . 
  it 's not unsolvable problem , but swedes have to swallow their national pride first and admit sweden is n't as perfect as they like to believe to overcome this taboo . 
  then and only then there can hope for a solution other than the trumpist insanity, 
  i am pretty sure far left ( communists ) are actually very unhappy with status quo . 
  thanks for the observation , i am just not sure how is that related . 
  in some restaurants you can regularly encounter the poorest even here in czech republic . 
  i am not sure how can they afford it . 
  i have n't watch the video , so i do n't know what unspeakable offence against european ideals was made , but i am pretty sure responding with nationalism is not right . 
  i believe it 's supposed to be sub about europe , not just for europeans . 
  it not necessary to be at multiple continents at once . 
  there would be plenty of time for the genes to slowly difuse . 
  america was initially populated by people crossing the land bridge , but there is some evidence that other people must have crossed the bering strait . 
  closest thing to compare it to are steam turbines , which are made to last cca 30 years . 
  high pressure and temperature steam can definitely destroy even the most resistant alloys . 
  considering the material research was focused mostly on turbines instead of venusian atmosphere and that these probes were made to last just half an hour , i do n't believe probes could last very long . 
  i think it 's most likely completely dissolved by now . 
  glass or ceramic parts could survive . 
  it looks as if you suffer from some king of selective amnesia . 
  i said :  you need a good justification to break the principle of equality before the law . 
  problem is that your justification is arbitrary . 
  ... and you seemed to agree with it , at least with the general principle that unjustified is equivalent to arbitrary . 
  now you are attempting to find some middle ground . 
  there is none . 
  it 's a true dichotomy . 
  if appeal to nature or tradition is not a valid argument then it must be an arbitrary reason . 
  you also contradict yourself . 
  if you really believe that observing a tradition is a moral duty , then clearly you must believe that appeal to tradition is perfectly valid moral argument . 
  so it really begs the question : why do you shy from it and are satisfied with just having `` non-arbitrary reasons '' or `` common causes '' ? 
   if the majority oppose it , does the legislator ought to ban it ? 
  legislators are technically not obligated to listen to their voters in representative democracy , but they most likely will , because its in their interest . 
  the real moral question here is whether voters ought to vote out of spite . 
  i say that if it 's wrong to act out of spite as an individual , then it must be wrong even when crowd does it . 
   that is true , mine is an hypotesis . 
  that 's a just pompous way of saying that you do not know . 
  your first point breaks down into appeal to nature or tradition . 
  just because something is common does not make it morally right and vice versa . 
  but more importantly neither tradition nor nature is remotely relevant when we are talking about personal choices . 
  choice of a partner is deeply personal matter . 
  the analogy with age of majority does not work very well . 
  it 's actually possible to be recognised as adult before the age and on the other hand sick , elderly or mentally disabled might have the same legal status as children . 
  the set age is not a generalisation it 's a compromise , based on what people demand . 
  there clearly is a demand for same sex marriage , so legislators ought to respond .
