i kinda feel this is rather overreaching ... the death penalty was n't abolished until the latter half of the 20th century , so i really do n't see how an event in the 1700s can be seen as its cause . 
  similarly , human rights really did n't begin in the 1700s ... none of these statements of the rights of man prevented the slave trade , for example . 
  obviously death penalty and torture were still present . 
  but enlightment brought the idea that they were wrong and useless . 
  for istance , see [ on crimes and punishments ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_crimes_and_punishments ) . 
  and the same holds for humans rights . 
  slavery , racial and sexual discrimantion were present , but enlightment claimed that -- at least in theory -- they are wrong . 
  it may not have great effects immediatly , but it surely had across time . 
  enlightment is the reason why sexism , racism or religious states are frowned upond , differently from other countries and other cultures . 
  enlightment changed and took different forms in different countries . 
  but the french revolution was strongly against monarchy ( and aristocracy ) and the reason why many neighboring countries try to attack republican france is that they were afraid of similar revolution in their own countries . 
  certainly wwii shocked europe into avoiding direct war and looking for cooperation . 
  the cold war helped in this regard as well . 
  but enlightment brought strong republican ideas , opposition to death penalty ( it was certainly used , but the seed was there , as in beccaria 's work ) and most of all inalienable human rights . 
  besides , to my knowledge , it was the first time that major philosophers have had an internationalist stance . 
  lastly , not even wwii prevented imperialism and wars , as -- again , arguably -- they 're still present . 
  arguably , of course . 
  but if you were to pinpoint the birth of modern europe and of a united europe to a single period or to a single set of ideas , what would it be , if not the french revolution and enlightment ? 
   i understand the eventual result of it is the modern french republic and clearly that 's something to celebrate arguably , the result of the french revolution is modern europe , its values and the main reason why western civilization is different from the others . 
  that is still the plan . 
  but since a senate reform requires constitutional changes , the law-making process is much longer . 
  bad solution . 
  even without considering all the ethical implications , it is terribly cost-inefficient . 
  not my country , but the [ bourtange fortress ] ( http://toerisme.groningen.nl.3.cdn.iwink.nl/uploads/illustraties/7974b3aa-6234-4d77-b05b-9988b03eb28d/2710207084 ) is stunning !, 
   swiss [ no , novi !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3qlpyqco3g ), 
   municipal elections wait , what ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  m5s was publically in favor of this law , although they changed stance at the beginning quite a few times . 
  opposition parties put forward a great number of amendments , some/most of which ridiculous ( such as changing `` 3 months '' into `` 90 days '' ) . 
  renzi 's party proposed a big amendment that rewrites the law itself , as it is , and if approved would automatically make all other amendments decay . 
  m5s unofficially gave their support to this big amendment , but half an hour before the actual vote announced that they would n't vote it , as it was an antidemocratic solution and would cut all parliamentary debate short . 
  m5s then wanted to vote all amendments , whereas renzi 's party claimed that it 'd take a long time and , since some of the amendment votes were secret votes , it was possible that some of them were approved , especially after m5s 's betrayal . 
  some amendments would actually introduce conflicting parts into the law and making it next to useless . 
  eventually , renzi decided to find a deal with his government allies , who requested to drop the stepchild adoption from the law , despite those allies now having less than 3 % of the votes . 
  after the deal , renzi requested a confidence vote on it and the law was accepted . 
  the thing is that there 's no `` candidate for that position '' in our elections . 
  i understand it may be a subtle difference , but it 's there . 
  actually , berlusconi was quite an outlier . 
  he tried to transform italy into a presidential republic , both legally and to the public opinion . 
  he put his name on the logo of his party and tried to convince voters that a vote for his party in the parliament was a vote for him as pm , but in reality that 's not the case . 
  the pm is chosen by the parliament , yes . 
  the president names a candidate , according to who he think is the most likely to obtain the parliament confidence and then the parliament decides whether to accept him or not . 
  so yes , the parliament decides the pm . 
  since elections are exclusively for the parliament , it is not uncommon to change government without changing the parliament . 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about monti , letta or renzi . 
  every italian pm has become so without any general election . 
  that 's not true . 
  italy 's a parliamentary republic and as such the pm is chosen by the parliament and not directly elected . 
  yes , indeed . 
  it took me quite some time to hear `` bias '' since i 'd heard it and till then i had no clue on how to pronounce it . 
  in my mind i kept unconsciously reading it as if it were in my own native language . 
  italy is certainly not red . 
  probably support for federalism is increasing even more . 
  that 's what a common name and lack of creativity brings you to . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2016-08-17/ryanair-piano-record-italia-investe-1-miliardo-dollari-2017-delrio-piu-occupazione-124615.shtml?uuid=ad1pfh6 ) ( in italian ) says that the government prevented the raise of local taxes of 2,5 euros ( per person , per flight ) and modified airportal guidelines to be in line with the european ones . 
  `` pizza ham and pineapple , please . '', 
  here 's the content of the article :  italy is europe 's great underachiever . 
  despite being roughly the size of britain or france , it has often adopted the prickly and unambitious stance of a medium-sized country towards the european union . 
  its prime ministers , by turns weak or clownish , have been unable to place their mark on a country many see as ungovernable . 
  the silvio berlusconi years heaped ignominy upon ineptitude , raising fears that italy , the euro zone 's third-largest economy , could tumble out of the single currency , bringing the entire edifice down with it . 
  so when matteo renzi , a hyperactive 39-year-old , took office in february 2014 vowing to change italy , he could count on a lot of goodwill from his fellow eu leaders . 
   it is still there , more or less . 
  italy 's partners look approvingly upon mr renzi 's flurry of activity , from last year 's jobs act , designed to reduce firing costs and encourage firms to recruit permanent staff , to political reforms that should guarantee stronger governments and cut legislative logjams . 
  they have tolerated the periodic outrage mr renzi directs at germany and the european commission . 
  and they have welcomed italy 's recent `` migration compact '' , which proposes to stem the flows of people by increasing development spending and investment in africa . 
   now mr renzi 's team has a plan for europe . 
  it goes like this . 
  first , regain credibility by passing reforms . 
  second , polish italy 's pro-eu credentials : mr renzi recently laid flowers on the grave of altiero spinelli , an early enthusiast for euro-federalism . 
  finally , advance an alternative vision to germany 's dreary emphasis on fiscal restraint . 
  last year mr renzi accused germany 's austerity politics of `` destroying growth '' in europe ; now his team will offer proposals on everything from economic governance to integrating transport systems . 
  `` we believe to save europe , we must change it , '' says sandro gozi , the europe minister . 
   in the short term , italy is content to go with the european grain . 
  it needs to exploit flexibility clauses to avoid being censured by the commission over its growing structural budget deficit . 
  on migration , officials note that large parts of the eu have finally come round to italy 's way of thinking : mr gozi speaks of a new `` rome-berlin-stockholm axis '' . 
  on foreign policy , italy will lean dovish on russia ( without breaking ranks on sanctions ) and keep attention focused on the chaos in libya . 
   but this is just the overture . 
  in the run-up to the 60th anniversary next march of the treaty of rome , the eu 's founding document , italian officials want to lay the groundwork for ambitious moves towards european integration , particularly inside the euro zone . 
  giant stimulus or common unemployment-insurance schemes will spook berlin . 
  but some in rome suspect the days of german hegemony are numbered . 
  some optimists even think that , should britain vote to leave the eu next month , the fear of disintegration could jolt the euro zone into action . 
  in the ministries and palazzos of rome , the talk is of common solutions , overcoming nationalism and more europe . 
  outside brussels , charlemagne has never heard such unabashed mania for federalism . 
   alas , this heady stuff finds few takers elsewhere . 
  in part , mr renzi 's problem is style . 
  he has a back-slapping approach that ill suits the slow coalition-building necessary to get things done in brussels . 
  some of his fellow leaders find his histrionics infuriating . 
  his decision this week to change italy 's eu ambassador for the second time in as many months looked disorganised . 
   but his bigger problems are at home . 
  italy 's voters have lost their traditional euro-enthusiasm : in one recent poll 48 % said they wanted to quit the eu . 
  mr renzi 's centre-left democratic party is besieged by populist outfits . 
  one , the five star movement , topped a national poll for the first time this week , and is on course to win control of rome in elections next month . 
  in october italians will vote on a reform of the senate . 
  mr renzi says he will resign if the referendum fails , a gamble that could backfire . 
   the economic news is grimmer still . 
  last year italy grew by a pitiful 0.8 % . 
  that nonetheless represented an advance on three years of recession ; gdp remains far below its 2008 peak . 
  the commission has cut its 2016 growth forecast for italy from 1.4 % to 1.1 % . 
  banks are weighed down by bad loans .
