the way i see it , foreign people learn english out of necessity , english speaking people tend to only learn foreign languages out of curiosity . 
  of course , curiosity is never going to be as strong a motivator as necessity ... 
  it 's incredible just how disheveled the russian troops look in these photos , it 's hard to tell them apart from the chechen fighters . 
  on another note , almost nobody seems to be wearing a helmet . 
  did keeping your brains intact from shrapnel go out of fashion in the 90s ? 
  that seems like a fairly extreme opinion to be that of the majority here , what makes you think that it is ? 
  well in fairness so is the b-52 , and that 's likely to be in service for another three decades or longer . 
  the requirements for strategic bomber airframes have changed little in that time span . 
  it 's certainly not a verified story , but i think calling it a ` completely fictitious construction ' is making far too much of an assumption as well . 
  as is , the story may or may not be false , we simply do not know . 
  yes but poland was part of the eastern bloc then , so presumably the defences were against nato ? 
  what a fantastic reminder of the importance of self-determination for all peoples and cultures . 
  obviously i was being somewhat facetious , but i would argue that we 're all pretty far behind the curve . 
  if any of us went back in time to the 1700s we would have no hesitation in declaring every nation ` uncivilised ' by our definition . 
  i believe that 100 years from now similar judgments will be made about us , and i would like to see that fixed . 
  good . 
  now for basic income and some adjustments to the expense of higher education and we might even consider ourselves a civilised nation . 
  only when i need to be ... 
  i honestly do n't know if you 're right or wrong , but you 're definitely being unnecessarily rude and abrasive about it . 
  please reconsider your attitude . 
  it 's certainly an argument you could make . 
  i get the feeling that the cofe is more about ` spiritualism ' at the moment . 
  a lot of people like the feeling that there is something greater than them - a divine purpose or some such . 
  it seems like fewer of these people are fond of the moral aggrandising and untenable statements of reality that usually go with it . 
  it was not condemned in classical greek society , nor roman , nor particularly in medieval times . 
  people have always looked to ` outsiders ' for targets of their hatred , but our modern conception of sexuality is so wrapped up in our recent history that i would not feel comfortable extrapolating quite so far . 
  actually , yes . 
  i ca n't speak to other european countries but native religion in the uk ( the church of england ) has been so filled with kind , right-brained , creative irrationals for so long that we 've almost forgotten what a zealot looks like . 
  a great many people ( christians at least ) in this country believe because they want to , or because it makes them feel good . 
  the idea of religion as a statement of material truth is alien to them now . 
  yup, 
  do n't worry bro , i got it . 
  why do you assume that i hold my own country 's political system in significantly higher regard ? 
  for the record , i do not . 
  `` america has two political parties - the fascists and the ultra-fascists '' - quoted in ' a people 's history of the us ' when you think about it , a two-party system that can not be overcome is only about twice as good as a full-on dictatorship , and that 's not so very good . 
  surely the same could be said for most european countries ? 
  in case it is n't obvious to the casual reader , it 's worth noting that patriot missile batteries are purely ground-to-air and anti-missile systems . 
  they have no offensive capability . 
  income inequality is a measure of the distribution of income over the population . 
  for instance , a society in which everyone earned the same amount of money would have zero inequality , and one in which all the wealth was concentrated in one lucky person 's wallet would have very high inequality . 
  typically , the us has a higher inequality than comparable western european countries ( apart from i think the uk ) , although higher gdp per capita . 
  i 'm not so sure that the rise of a national identity is such a good thing . 
  after all , divergent national identities were a prime reason behind the troubles in the first place . 
  people downvoting you for your opinion suck , you make some good points . 
  the death of an international criminal that may well have prevented many others is hardly comparable to celebrating the cold-blooded slaughter of thousands of innocents . 
  a scottish kid goes to his father . 
  `` dad , i need fifteen pounds for school clothes '' . 
  the father looks at him over his newspaper . 
  `` ten pounds ? 
  what in hell do you need five pounds for ? '', 
  considering that by the 1960s even the soviet union had pivoted away from stalinism , is it fair to say the orthodox faction of the cpgb was stalinist during his work there ? 
  edit : i ca n't actually find any dates for milne 's career with the cpgb , hence all the edits, 
  and just why do you think it 's still over ? 
  got ta be vigilant !, 
  call me a cynic , but it really seems like national debt is a boogeyman , used by politicians ( and many unscrupulous economists ) to spread an agenda . 
  now , the cost of interest payments on that debt ( as a percentage of government spending ) is certainly something to keep an eye on , but the debt itself is neither harmful nor problematic when handled correctly . 
  of course , i was merely clarifying for anyone who missed . 
  presumably the change also has implications in other aspects of the design , which also have not been reflected . 
  the comparison is outdated , they have reverted to producing the queen elizabeth class as stovl , as was originally intended . 
  i was n't aware you were serious on this point . 
  vietnam is a fairly ludicrous comparison considering that the us war aims were to defend the state of south vietnam , not invade the north , and also that the highly competent and conventional north vietnamese army was a serious threat throughout . 
  iraq and afghanistan were attempts at nation building - note that losing a war against a foreign aggressor does not require that aggressor to build an effective replacement state , merely that it disables the country 's ability to militarily defend its political objectives . 
  certainly a prolonged insurgency would be highly problematic for any armed force , but is really arguing a different point to the one originally stated . 
  with respect , if a modern armed force did somehow manage to make it across one of the two largest oceans in the world , and defeat the best funded military in the world , i doubt it would have much to fear from unorganised civilians with semi-auto ar-15s . 
  on the off-chance that you were asking about ed milliband , i think the consensus is that he will resign as leader of the opposition . 
  you seem to be ignoring the snp - the biggest winners in terms of seats - who are pretty firmly pro-eu . 
  they 're largely protest votes , made in safe constituencies for other parties , which would explain the terrible voting percentage to seats ratio . 
  a similar thing happened in ' 92 . 
  people who said when polled that they would vote labour actually often voted conservative in their own self interest but were ashamed to admit it . 
  most polling put labour as winning but they ended up losing fairly handily . 
  i was n't trying to imply that they had no governing credentials , i was just trying to remain neutral and explain that the referendum has increased their stature among the electorate . 
  the fact that there was even a referendum - not to mention that it was so close - did a lot to improve the snp 's apparent governing credentials . 
  there were also some concessions gained from westminster , although probably not as many as were hoped . 
  the other thing is that many of these snp seats are being gained from the diminished liberal democrat party , so perhaps it is more a case of disillusion with them than approval of the snp . 
  it 's also worth noting that to some extent a successful referendum would have removed the key issue of the snp , seeing as a scottish national party in an independent scotland would be a little superfluous . 
  oh quite , the supreme irony of the falklands war is that the argentinian junta started it to distract from its economic failings , and it instead ended up arguably distracting britons from much the same ... 
  it 's worth remembering that , in general , the real value of the islands has always been political . 
  it 's a nice little set of nationalist keys that the governments of argentina jangle at their populace to distract them from domestic issues . 
  the oil would certainly be nice , but in reality , there is absolutely no military threat to the islands any more , nor is there any precedent in international law for a peaceful takeover against the will of the islanders . 
  argentina is using the disagreement to distract its populace - as it always has . 
  although presumably this is not a priority of the uk any more , since they recently offered precisely that opportunity to scotland . 
  most european cities are built on rivers , usually with a base of clay or chalk , you have to go a long way down to find proper bedrock . 
  the oligarchs have little reason to desire real economic growth , if anything they would like a quiet leader who will allow them to thieve in peace . 
  from what i 've heard , the ukrainian army desperately need secure communications and effective cnc systems , moreso than a few thousand helmets . 
  the original link is : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/15/terrorists-isis, 
  to think that rape is primarily a problem of male-female inequality ( like job discrimination ) and not a problem of crime ( like assault , arson , etc. ), 
  strikes me as an illogical and unproductive attitude . 
  oh man , first person to cross post this to / r/circlejerk gets all the karma, 
  i am not claiming that the suffering of the jews justifies holding them to higher moral standards , i am agreeing with mr. livingstone 's sentiment that directly relating the oppressors of today with the oppressed of yesterday sends a powerful message . 
  by relating isrealis to the camp guards he is saying `` you know what is happening here , you have experienced it . 
  if anyone knows how wrong this is , it should be you '' . 
  you seem to consistently conflate personal responsibility with national responsibility . 
  france as a country was responsible for the napoleonic wars , but clearly no french person alive now would be . 
  similarly my ancestors engaged in disgusting acts of oppression - which i would now condemn with just the same vitriol . 
  the idea that this reduces the legitimacy of my views sets an awful precedent . 
  european countries all agree that colonialism was a terrible thing , and very few people feel proud of the racist ideologies that their countries put forward . 
  but to say to me as a briton that i should ` engage in a thoughtful reflection of [ my ] own imperialist past ' before making a judgement about israel 's actions does not make sense to me . 
  i had no say in any of these actions , i would condemn them if they happened today and i would not give support to those who would favour them . 
  why should i dwell uselessly on the past and feel guilt for my ancestors ? 
  more importantly why should my views on human rights be diluted by these actions i had no say in ?
