the issue of efta , eea , and even eu membership was also discussed prior to scotland 's referendum , but i ca n't remember much about it , i was too busy with other things at the time and did n't follow it too closely . 
  anyway , i suppose the same would apply to an independent catalonia and frankly , i do n't see why it would n't be able to remain in efta and eea , unless , of course spain ends up using that as a `` bargaining '' too , so to speak . 
  yeah , we have that . 
  with a couple of pints down , the problems can wait till the next day , that 's my philosophy . 
  yeah . 
  when have i heard that before ? 
  once a year , since i 've been living here at least . 
  and it always makes me say the same , so what ? 
  as if that was the most serious problem this country has . 
  nothing better than a bit of sausage swinging by eastern european autocrats . 
  so , here we have some people -- i do n't know what percentage , but we can all agree that it is significant -- who believe that their region/country/whatever you want to call it will be better off if it went its own way , for their own legitimate reasons , and they want put that to the vote and see what everybody else thinks about it , and that is in your eyes a mistake ? 
  forgive me , but i ca n't see why ? 
  it can sure end up `` hurting '' both spain and an eventual independent catalonia , but maybe not for too long . 
  and there 's no reason ca n't stay in good terms , just like the czech republic and slovakia have been since they divorced . 
  thanks . 
  but `` not caring about cannabis legislation '' and `` believing cannabis should remain illegal '' are two completely different things . 
  if you asked me , though , i 'd wager that most people do n't care one way or another and that among those who do , most would be in favour of legalisation . 
  on a side note , though , i do n't think 13,000 respondents is a very representative sample of the 15-24 y.o. 
  population in 29 countries . 
  i 'd like to see what the error margin is . 
  yes , it really says something . 
  that i 've got better things to do , and that you may have not bother to go to the link i provided , where you will find plenty of information , if you are willing to look for it -- it is n't that hard , i swear, 
  and to some extent , they were right . 
  and cz had been a eu member for five years by then . 
  you may want to start here http://antiwar.com/ , and then do your own homework , or are you afraid ? 
  yes , i do , and if you tried to get some information from sources other than the czech msm , you would know it too . 
  but you see what the problem is here ? 
  i 'm not taking any sides , i believe that both russia and the eu-us are equally responsible for all this , in their own way . 
  but go on , keep on eating the propaganda and live a happy life . 
  and that is exactly the reason why i said `` if i 'm not wrong '' . 
  i could swear i 've read about it recently , but my memory might have been playing tricks . 
  u/jiangyou is right . 
  neither the us-eu , nor russia give two shits about the welfare of the people in ukraine . 
  they 're just fucking that country up even further for their own geopolitical reasons , and many of us are foolish enough to have taken sides . 
  bulgaria , and they are seriously considering albania , if i 'm not wrong . 
  romania and the czech rep. are n't exactly paragons of good governance , either . 
  none of them , with the exception of albania , perhaps , is in as bad as ukraine is now and , unfortunately , will likely be in five years . 
  that 's right , because if there is one thing the eu will be needing in 5 years is another gangster state . 
  i 've also been told by a swedish friend that you can order anything listed in the systembolaget catalog at your local branch , and if they do n't have it in stock , they will get it for you with no extra cost ( ? ) . 
  that is , imo , a brilliant thing . 
  ( that i believe works the same way in norway and finland ), 
  a * candidate who will go to brussels on account of voters ' ineptitude * could be a legitimate way to describe many , if not most , of the people czechs have voted into the ep , and i 'm sure many other countries as well . 
  i 'm starting to believe that the word `` terrorist '' is becoming the new `` hitler '' - not the historical figure , but the way the word is being used . 
  only that it is worse ; whereas we all know who hitler was and what he did , the definition of `` terrorist '' depends a lot on which side of the tale you are listening to . 
  so , what are we arguing about ? 
  now , to be honest , if you are from ukraine , as your flair indicates , i ca n't help but feeling a bit sorry for you , mate . 
  your country has become a toy in a playground that two ( or three ) self-entitled , pampered kids are fighting over . 
  i really do n't think that either russia or the eu/us axis give half a fuck about the wellbeing of the people in that country and it 's really sad that neither eastern nor western ukrainians seem to be able to see that for themselves . 
  i truly hope someone honest will come up and send both sides to politely fuck themselves in some way or another . 
  so , now you 're going to tell me that what 's the coup in ukraine was a spontaneous popular demonstration , a call for democracy and the rule of law and that foreign interests played absolutely no role in it , that arseniy yatsenyuk is now prime minister because ... well because everyone involved had a sudden revelation that he was the right man for the job . 
  mate , if you 're ever in prague , let me know , there 're a couple of bridges you may like to buy, 
  right , because nobody in the history of ever has manipulated an opinion poll ... 
  never miss an opportunity to praise the puppet ... 
  and how about the products from the people that brought us this whole crisis to begin with ? 
  that 'd be hard if you live in the eu or the us , would n't it ? 
  yeah , right , because the west had absolutely nothing to do with the coup in ukraine . 
  the sure did n't send any financing to opposition groups , sure did n't have a hand in getting the provisional government together and will sure put no demands whatsoever related to internal policies in exchange for all the money they are promising ukraine . 
  gim me a break !, 
  neither of the sides want to let ukraine dictate their own events without interference . 
  the difference is that the russians are the less hypocritical of the two . 
  been through previous guardian pieces by the same author and he does n't seem to have much of a problem with the uk , the us or the eu dictating events in other countries , ukraine included . 
  just another drivel by a pc liberal with a selective knowledge of the facts . 
  and for the sake of the ukranians , i hope she stays there for a very long time . 
  and maybe also downvoted ? 
  what sort of authority , and what sort of intervention is op talking about ? 
  bet let 's not talk about it . 
  let 's talk about the people in crimea , because not much is being talked about them even though they are the most - if not the only - affected by this situation . 
  what is in their best interest ? 
  will they be better off as a part of ukraine , as an independent country or as a part of russia ? 
  it seems that they believe the last option to be best for them ( and let 's not forget that crimea has been a fairly autonomous region to begin with ) . 
  that depends on whom you ask . 
  argentina considers the archipelago ( which call malvinas ) as part of its territory , and this was used as the reasoning for the invasion . 
  that being said , and in answer to op 's question . 
  the situation is very , very different . 
  it 's more like in 2008 in the separatist regions of georgia . 
  i wonder what would happen if crimea , or the whole of eastern ukraine , decided to secede . 
  it 's one of those things that on paper looks really good ( i believe that any initiative that aims to eradicate overpriced paper-text books deserves some praise ) , but once it 's put into practice , it brings a whole series of problems . 
  first among those is the cost of the software licenses themselves , since almost by default windows machines w/ms office will be chosen . 
  ( and let 's not go to the malware risks , either ) . 
  secondly , meidei mentions , unless the computers are part of a broader program to teach kids how to code , design , etc , they 'll end up being not much more than a pointless and expensive toy . 
  so , unless a careful and sensible plan is drawn out . 
  one that would involve people experienced in it and programming , this plan would end up being a big waste of money with hardly any results in return . 
  no , i do n't think it would change anything at all . 
  besides , there 's that little problem of who would be the monarch . 
  two models of honesty and good governance . 
  < / sarcasm  edit : html tag just in case someone thought i was being serious ... 
  and you are proving my point . 
  your anger at the widespread corruption in the government was manipulated by a bunch of people who made you believe they were going to change that , when it was actually very clear to anyone who could see from a perspective that the movement would achieve absolutely nothing , in fact , it would result in quite the opposite . 
  a few years later , you ( not you personally , mind you , but the ukrainian people ) elected yanukovich as president . 
  in the end , the orange revolution resulted in an even more divided country the got into unnecessary trouble with its main business partner . 
  at that time i had a client who was originally from western ukraine , we discussed the events unfolding so i was able to get some pretty good insight , which confirmed many , if not most , of the things i was reading them in the independent media . 
  nobody is putting into question the ideals of ( at least ) most of the protesters , of the people who took the streets because they really wanted things to change . 
  it 's a pity that you were not able to see that your fervor was only being manipulated to serve some interests that were actually the complete opposite to what you were fighting for . 
  i wo n't argue with the feel good factor and the sense of accomplishment , but being manipulated and led by the nose only to change absolutely nothing is no victory . 
  it was clear to anyone who had the advantage of watching those events with some perspective that for y\u00fashchenko , timoshenko and co. , the country 's and the people 's best interest were not exactly priorities . 
  and that is the meaning of my first comment . 
  you were united in order to replace a bunch of gangsters with another bunch of gangsters and , as you say , phonies who had duped you into believing they were all for democracy and the rule of law . 
  how is that a victory for the people ? 
  explain , please . 
  ... because the previous orange revolution turned out so well for everyone ...
