  it 's mostly not an issue to be an atheist in poland , until a day comes it turns out it is . 
  for example arranging a non-religious ( aka catholic ) funeral service ( and burial ) is virtually impossible outside of big cities . 
  not to mention the omnipresence of catholic symbolism in all public institutions like schools , hospitals or even our parliament . 
  story of the [ cross in the sejm ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/sejm_cross ) ( 1st chamber of polish parliament ) is somehow anecdotal in this context . 
  so back in 1997 some right wing mps went rogue and hanged it at night . 
  it 's still there to this day , helping our mps to run our country in totally secular manner . 
  so when i read about protests of turkish students against building mosques at universities or extending compulsory religious classes ( we already have two hours of religion per week , totally not compulsory lol ) i find it super cute, 
   they do that at home too , ** but the booze is cheaper in spain . 
  ** say what ? 
  ( everything else is actually tru ), 
  finally , something all poles can agree on, 
  polish bangalore to be more precise -  mostly outsourcing and offshoring is the name of the game here wasted 6 months of my life on this bs , never again, 
  [ more `` kurwa '' , kurwa !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qpgp4dgniug ), 
  it 's eastern poland , roads are already ruined, 
  and homeless , homeless everywhere ... this was always baffling for me , as hardline european , when visiting silicon valley ( it for life , bitches ! ) . 
  you get all this elon musk wannabes full of them how they will `` change the world '' , go to mars and `` disrupt '' pretty much every fucken thing passing by miserable homeless people on the way to work every day . 
  but somehow this is not a problem . 
  not something to `` disrupt '' ... do n't get me wrong - i love you ~ ~ usa ~ ~ bbq - but do n't you see the irony in this ? 
  i would agree with you totally , if not for the fact that we know quite a lot about the state of knowledge of home army leadership at the time . 
  it was mentioned already in this thread , but let me make a summary : 1 . 
  before warsaw there were two similar uprisings initiated by home army in polish cities occupied by germans - vilnius and lviv . 
  they were part of a bigger operation called `` tempest '' ( `` burza '' ) . 
  in both cases they played out to the very similar scenario . 
  polish resistance ( ha ) initiates the uprising , soviets join in with quite openly hostile attitude towards ha . 
  in the aftermath soviets ask polish resistance to either join the red army ( or polish version of it to be more precise ) or gtfo . 
  in the mean time nkvd is arresting members of ha . 
  this gave a very clear idea to the polish leadership what `` soviet sphere of influence '' really means . 
  military readiness to the uprising is questionable at best . 
  here comes my ignorance , but i did read a few books on the topic . 
  ha was aware of the dramatic shortage in arms and equipment . 
  though in number polish forces were twice the size of germans they were significantly underarmed . 
  you get reports of 15 people squad assaulting a fort ( fort traugutta ) with ** no firearms ** , just bunch of grenades . 
  or maybe you want to hear about the assault on the poniatowski bridge ( one of 3 road bridges over vistula river at the time , fourth was a railway bridge ) . 
  it was attacked by 3 squads . 
  two were providing suppressive fire , while assault team of 11 armed with 1 rifle , 2 machine guns and 5 pistols ( i will do the maths for you , 4 of them were unarmed ) rushed upon 40 wehrmacht soldiers with heavy machine guns and one 4-barrel antiaircraft gun . 
  but yeah 30 min before the mission they got bren lmg , gun that none of them ever used ( another fun fact is that the squad assaulting the bridge was preparing to take over a building in now \u015awiat street . 
  they got new orders few hours before the attack ) . 
  i guess this makes just 2 of them armed with broomsticks . 
  effect ? 
  ** in the first few days of the uprising casualties on the polish side were comparable to the landing in normandy ** . 
  we can argue about political motivation for uprising , but one would expect from experienced military brass who made the decision , a basic understanding of what they are doing . 
  btw . 
  when i call criminals people who made the call for uprising i am citing official report of the nco who was leading the assault on fort traugutta ( `` puszczenie ludzi do natarcia bez broni by\u0142o przest\u0119pstwem '' - letting men to an assault whiteout guns was a crime ) . 
  3 . thing is , when i ask why the decision for uprising in warsaw was made , it 's kinda rhetorical . 
  because we have some insight into ~ ~ delusional ~ ~ political decision making behind it . 
  after the initial failure of the operation tempest leader of the home army general tadeusz `` b\u00f3r '' komorowski excluded warsaw from its plans ( march 1944 ) . 
  but then he was confronted by gen. okulicki and gen. pelczy\u0144ski with the bold idea that the uprising in warsaw will `` shake the consciousness of the world '' ( i. shit . 
  you . 
  not . ) . 
  shortly , in spite of the information blackout from western allies , they decided in favor of the uprising , because they thought that it will rise the awareness for the polish cause . 
  so yeah we have a blunt pr action on the expense of the biggest polish city and thousands living in it . 
  needles to say up until now most of westerners still mix warsaw uprising with uprising in warsaw getto . 
  so yeah , that 's about all concerning my ignorant hindsight, 
  1 . agreed , lets change the name of ipn to instytut propagandy narodowej . 
  shame we did n't have one in the first place . 
  also they wo n't have to change the logo , so much money saved !, 
  love your thinking 2 . you said that anti-russian propaganda ( in russia ? ), 
  is working , i just trust you on this one, 
  1 . so i pay taxes for research institute to do propaganda . 
  interesting ... 2 . it 's working ? 
  cool , orange revolution in moscow tomorrow - thanks to ipn !, 
  or maybe you meant propaganda for the west . 
  yes , makes sense as virtually all posting in / r/europe are putin shills pls try again, 
  ok , please explain what will ipn achieve to fulfill it 's mission by such stunts ? 
  since i 'm downvoted to oblivion i 'm seriously curious what am i missing . 
  all cool ( not that i ever argued with this in the first place ) , but the question remains - why knowing soviets are playing their own game , so does western allies , leaders of polish resistance decided to start the uprising ? 
  what they were hoping for ? 
  what is the reason behind it ? 
  now 70 years later we make heros of people who made this decision . 
  again why ? 
  wrong answer dude . 
  [ tried this approach already ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30hxvy/this_is_the_missing_persons_ad_that_polish/cpsqcs6 ) . 
  but maybe you will have more luck, 
  yes , let 's blame soviet russia for being soviet russia . 
  better , lets post ads in russian newspapers showing how bad they are and who holds the moral high ground ( and let 's do it in english so most of them wo n't even understand ) . 
  i was born and raised in warsaw wola where on every corner you see how much authority okulicky held . 
  not enough to make a slightest bend in the course of history , but just enough to send thousands upon thousands to death and destroy my beloved city . 
  but yes , it was those pesky germans and russians . 
  they did it . 
  we had no saying upon it . 
  and yes , okulicky and his mighty authority was definitely what soviets shited their pants just thinking about . 
  not thousands of educated , patriotic young pols , that he sent to a certain death against any rationale . 
  those were expendable , we had so many of them . 
  still do . 
  every cashier at tesco has a masters after all . 
  you know what our country is ? 
  a smelly homeless dude in the bus that annoys you so much . 
  random dude on the internet that has different opinion than you . 
  gray soviet block of flats you are living in . 
  it 's quite fucken real you know . 
  but yeah , it 's so much easier to live in this fantasy of polska . 
  `` dworek '' from pan tadeusz , mighty authority of okulicky , all those moral victories we had . 
  good for you . 
  dude , want to talk about russian butthurt ? 
  because it looks like this . 
  would be nicer if i got paid for this like you seem to , but then again i can drink a nice wine now and you do n't . 
  if only we could make butthurt into rocket fuel , polan would into space, 
  the political part of this decision is obviously baffling , but even militarily it was pure insanity . 
  for fucks sake in first days of the uprising there were troops who assault fortified german positions without any firearms , just some grenades ... jeasus fucken christ , and we joke about polish cavalry charging tanks for better or worse this is history , what saddens me is that today i get downvoted for stating the obvious .
