  apparently communism thrives only in sub-zero temperatures ... 2 . 
  if you still wonder - warsaw and berlin have basically identical climate . 
  both cities are on the same latitude . 
  warsaw is located 600km to the east of berlin , and thus it 's a bit deeper into the euro-asian landmass . 
  hence summers are warmer and winters colder ... by a whooping average of 1 degree celsius . 
  it 's not that much about physical phenomena like temperature or precipitation . 
  for me positive/negative perception of weather is dominated by one factor - amount of sunlight you get during the day . 
  fall and winter in berlin , as in warsaw , is depressing mostly becasue it 's fucken dark . 
  there 's a very similar job in india - it 's called [ chaiwala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaiwala ) . 
  it can mean a person who sells freshly brewed tea directly in the street , but also someone serving a whole office or building . 
   in the deep south ( sicily and environs ) there also used to be the prefiche , women paid to mourn other people at their funeral !, 
   that 's not so uncommon . 
  it used to be a thing in poland too . 
  woman crying on a funeral for money ( or other form of gratitude - it 's not like it was a legit business ) was called `` p\u0142aczka '' ( literally `` a crying woman '' ) . 
  the practice of hiring ` wailers ' for mourning was ( is ? ), 
  in fact a fairly common practice in many cultures . 
  as a fellow `` god abiding catholic '' you 've probably well aware that this religion of ours is oftentimes more about symbolism and pretence , than serious belief . 
  what a better way to make the deceased look important , than hiring some wailers ... or building a pyramid . 
   i think it 's because centuries ago it was quite common that entire neighborhoods burned down because someone had n't had their chimney swept . 
  yup , it makes a lot of sense . 
  it 's just weirdly specific in poland - for whatever reason one needs to grab by the chimney sweepers button ... are there any weirdly specific superstitions connected to particular jobs in germany ? 
  inglisz kurwa , du ju spik it ? 
  yup , same in poland . 
  just a small observation ... 
  it 's one of those cultural quirks that take you off guard , but i was pleasantly surprised by a visit of a schornsteinfeger in my flat here in berlin . 
  particularly by the fact that he was all about business ( in this case checking the airflow in my flat ) . 
  in poland chimney sweepers , apart from usual thing , also try to sell you a calendar or engage in a somehow doggy `` charity '' money grab scheme ... all that coming from a fact that , pulling a chimney sweeper 's button is traditionally believed to be a good omen . 
  / u/longbowrocks / and / u/lgf92 / - what you refer to is actually a fundamental concept of modern philosophy , and ethics in particular . 
  you may actually heard about it !, 
  it 's usualy refered to as [ `` categorical imperative '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/categorical_imperative ) . 
  it was first formulated in 1785 by immanuel kant in his groundbreaking `` grounding for the metaphysics of morals '' ( it 's for modern ethics like netown 's shit to physics ) . 
  it was originally going like this : `` act only according to that maxim whereby you can , at the same time , will that it should become a universal law . '', 
  ( it 's much more sexy in german ... u have to trust me on that ), 
  i salute you / u/x71p3qvf / -- after all this shitposting , i imagine you now know the difference between slovenia and slovakia or can find andorra on a map . 
  soon you will be able to tell the difference between beethoven 9th [ by furtw\u00e4ngler ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhdxdbswu0e ) and much more conservative [ von karajan interpretation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frzax6-dsn8 ) . 
  one of us !, 
  cheers , and good luck !, 
  hear you soon announcing the cruising altitude of my flight . 
  have you tried / r/aviation or / r/flying and such ? 
  i 'm pretty sure actual pilots will have more valuable insight , than some random european dudes on the internetz ... also / u/sphornet closed the thread imho - do n't be impatiant , consult authorities, 
   if anything the uk is nerfed by sending separate teams you know what is `` nerfing '' england ? 
  over 60 % of you are overweight and more than 30 % clinically obese . 
  keep this shit up and soon clarkson will have to drop all of his worn out yanks routines and replace it with `` zany '' fart antics . 
  i 've been living in berlin since few years now . 
  no matter the part of the city i rented in , one can be absolutely sure of two things - there 's an aldi/lidl market as well as a well-lighted , semi-professional football pitch within a walking distance . 
  guess which of these two is open longer ... there is over 53 million people in england ( and we slavs work hard , so that there 's even more of you . 
  have you seen this fine , blond and slender dna samples we 're injecting into your inbreed , islander , gene pool !? 
  with your esteemed tradition , superb infrastructure and obscene amounts of money invested in football there 's literaly no excuse for the shit show your national team accustomed us to over the years . 
  yet here you are , pushing this ridiculously naive agenda , meant to induce a pleasant itch under your foreskin . 
  yup , me silly `` continental '' can not into scottish/welsh/this-one-part - of-london-where-people-speak-with-a-funny-accent-that-sounds-like-a-dolphin-squeak . 
  that 's all the same . 
  sure thing m8 , get together all of the former commonwealth dominions . 
  build an all-star team . 
  have a tea . 
  feel better . 
  it should n't be , if that 's what you mean - but coming from eastern europe , racial diversity is certainly not a common theme here . 
  it does n't necessary leads to overt racism , but in largely homogeneous societies , like poland for example , being different ( racially , religiously , sexualy ) is still very much a thing . 
  for some people it will be interesting ( much more than it should ) , some will find it disturbing ( simply by the virtue of novelty ) and sadly , there will be people for whom it will pose a threat . 
  short disclaimer for us redditors i guess , but keep in mind that in our socialist wonderland a lot of what one would consider an insurance is guaranteed by law . 
  that of course does n't make it any less of an insurance in a technical sense , but for majority of us it 's pretty transparent . 
  you do n't really think about it on a day to day basis - it 's just there . 
  health insurance , social insurance ( pension/retirement fund ) and for some eu countries unemployment insurance is mandated by law and comes with every long-term employment contract . 
  if i think about insurance first thing that comes to my mind is traveling outside eu . 
  pretty standard thing to do . 
  sometimes it comes with a `` travel '' oriented credit card . 
  when you 're booking a plane ticket , airlines will usually try to sell you an additional luggage/whatever insurance ( anyone does that ? ) . 
  life insurance - heard about it , but seriously do n't know anyone who has it . 
  i 'm guessing that it 's a thing in more life threatening lines of work ( also pretty sure , that in some countries there are professions that require a mandatory life insurance ) . 
  car insurance , again mandatory all over eu . 
  fun fact - i 'm all for gender equality , scandinavian style - but , when eu ruled for a gender-neutral pricing in insurance industry , it 's women drivers who got royally screwed . 
  in the long term they will pay more , as statistically men are more prone to cause accidents . 
  so yeah , so much for lousy `` woman driver '' bs . 
  but if you want to know about insurance game in europe , just wait for german redditors . 
  it 's crazy there ... 
   posher accents tend to be thought of as sounding smarter , i guess , and thick regional accents can make you sound less educated . 
  1 . please correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't hammering out a local accent an ( unintended ? ), 
  byproduct of acquiring a higher degree in england ? 
  2 . you say `` posher accents '' in plural ... wait , there is more variety to it than proverbial bbc english ? 
   i can tell apart a few english accents , but i could n't tell if someone is from poland or russia by their english accent . 
  this is somehow understandable ( nah , i 'm just being polite - blasphemy ! ) . 
  i 'm wondering though could you distinguish between polish and russian ( sans english , as intermediary ) ? 
  i 'm always baffled when people in berlin ask me what language do i speak when it 's literally less than 1h drive to the polish border . 
   using an english nav voice would be seen as a bit weird , i think , but that 's it . 
  like using the english setting on their facebook . 
  agreed , though you do mix in quite a lot of english while speaking casual german , and in a very unpredictable way ( at least for non-native speaker ) . 
  i 'm always a bit lost when i hear for example `` checken '' , instead of a perfectly suitable german word . 
  and as mentioned , most of the times it just feels random, 
   that should apply to all schengen countries but i do n't know whether they 're just allowed in visa-free for tourism or whether they can work visa-free too . 
  does anyone else know ? 
  schengen is only about passport/visa-free movement between participating countries . 
  labour movement regulations are something entirely different ( and a part of eu-membership itself or bilateral agreements like with norway or switzerland ) . 
  yup , for the time being we should move it to washington dc , much safer ... [ lol , no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_washington,_d.c . ), 
  one more interesting aspect to your question , that you probably did n't take into account , is that there are still a few countries in europe with obligatory conscription ( switzerland , finland , norway ? 
  how this adds to the equation ? 
  simple , if you do n't want to serve your country in the military you can choose a civil service alternative , which among others , means you can be shipped to a developing country to help build a school or teach children english and such . 
  and this usually happens right after you finish high school . 
  at least that used to be the case in germany ( until they canceled conscription ) . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure how this works/worked so maybe some german redditors can chip in . 
  when i was finishing high school in poland , the mandatory conscription was exactly what you wanted to avoid - that 's why you went to a university right away . 
  it all changed now , but back in my days it was n't unheard to choose whatever crappy studies just to avoid military service .
