  i do understand russian soldiers who have little idea in what they are participating in , yet write whatever shit they find fitting on equipment meant to ** kill people ** . 
  because they are feed some ideological bullshit they have no chance to judge soundly . 
  what i do not understand is people who support it , yet have n't experience any of aforementioned conditions . 
  i see how upvote numbers are rising on the original `` le reddit army has arrived '' post and i just feel bad for you guys . 
  you just managed to turn killing people ( including ukrainian civilians and service men ) into a `` dank meme '' . 
  that will surely help your cause . 
  boy , just imagine how much more aware of the situation in ukraine people who upvoted it became !, 
  how much more they treasure life of ukrainian civilians and servicemen thanks to your post . 
  yup , i stand corrected . 
  edit : what a moron i am for not facing the reality of people killing people . 
  i guess a large part of my family who died in wwii is ashamed of me now . 
  somewhere in heaven where all good catholics go . 
  it 's only fair that op now finds the spot where this particular shell struck and post some pictures with obligatory `` reddit was here '' sign . 
  surly op will deliver . 
  and just imagine if there are some people dead on this picture !, 
  and than some russian redditor recognizes a family member and be like `` dude u totally killed my brother , i mean fuck me ?!, 
  and then op is like `` dude , that 's so weird ... 
  i mean what are the chances ?! '' . 
  looking forward to it . 
  i wholeheartedly stand for what you guys fight for . 
  but this post does not serve your cause . 
  it 's just distasteful and sick . 
  or you know , you could buy a ticket , fly to ukraine and kill them ruskis with your own hands . 
  and when you 're at it , please post some pictures with russian soldiers corpses on reddit with a nice `` le reddit army has arrived '' sign next to it . 
  soooo much more karma dude , well worth the price of a plane ticket . 
  seriously , i support ukrainian cause with all my heart . 
  i 'm far from condemning any ukrainian person that took up arms against russian invasion . 
  but this ... this is just sickening . 
  if you want to experience how ridiculous this proposition is first-hand , i give you [ atomium building ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/atomium ) which coincidetaly is a landmark of brussels, 
  guys , as much as i enjoy a good kek , this does not feel like a time and place for this kind of comments . 
  there are people fighting for life as we speak ... 
  and thus we have much less problems with immigrants ... / s, 
  ah , the infamous `` greek job '' . 
  10/10 would watch again, 
  first of all , thanks for long and detailed reply . 
  your effort is much welcome and definitely worth upvoting ( probably more so than my layman statements ) !, 
  there are two problems here that in my head are separate : 1 . due to misguided policy and myriad of other largely self induced problems greece went bankrupt . 
  obviously it needed financial help to get going , not to mention getting off it 's knees and start fixing it . 
  for this help of eu and other financial institutions ( financed by tax money ) was needed . 
  and as a german taxpayer , i 'm not even mad about it . 
  shit happens , that 's why we put those institutions in place in the first place right ( was n't it what bretton woods was all about ) ? 
  irresponsible borrowers ca n't exist without irresponsible lenders . 
  private banks were greece 's enablers . 
  i 've already read in this thread , that state issued bonds are the safest investment . 
  well , all cool but there is a market for bonds , meaning that there are safe ones and more safer ones . 
  so if you want a safe investment , you buy german bounds , if you want risk a bit more hoping for a higher return you invest in peripheral economies like mediterraneans . 
  and that what major european banks were doing , to the point that their investment in `` risky '' bonds/markets were higher than their total capitalisation . 
  it is questionable that there were no detail screenings of greece 's economy before lending them ( or private entities ) money . 
  i mean wtf ?!, 
  you really want to convince me that no one there was aware what is happening independently of s&p and other private ranking companies ? 
  so yes , i 'm shocked that we do n't talk about shitty investments of private banks , but rather analyze obvious pitfalls of states like greece . 
  and furthermore why private banks seem to go out of this clusterfuck without any major losses ? 
   people go on about how the germans are hyper-aware of inflation `` because of weimar '' ( the weimar government also did this , in spades , and buckets , and eventually wheelbarrows ) , but all european governments are aware of how it goes , because most of them tried it within the lifetime of older politicians . 
  kinda agree here . 
  weimar hyperinflation was a first thoroughly documented one , thus the myth of it ( all in all it lasted for three years compared to greece crises running for at least 5 years now ) . 
  problem here is not all european economies are germany . 
  germany 's economy is based on competitiveness of their export . 
  so what works for germany does n't necessarily work for others . 
  for germany to run a surplus , someone needs to run a deficit . 
  so again question rises who should pay who and for what ? 
  please feel free to point my mistakes . 
  agian , i 'm not an expert so any feedback is hugely appreciated !, 
  first , i do n't argue here just to argue , just try to connect the dots - your help is much appreciated !, 
   in other words , that was the total amount on loan by any german bank to anyone at all in the periphery countries in 2010 . true that , is there a way to determine what was the structure of loans - how much was owned by private entities vs. bounds issued by greek state ? 
  and coming back to your loan analogy . 
  yes obviously no one is willing to lend money to greece at the moment , that 's clear . 
  but is n't it also true , that when it was obvious that greece went bankrupt and will not be able to repay the bonds , that 's when troika kicked in with its loans ? 
  so there was a desperate attempt to keep greece solvent , by further increasing its debt - that does not seem logical at all . 
  if germany , france and other eu countries wanted to protect eurozone 's banking system would n't it be more logical to buy out the greek bonds ( and other funky assets ) directly from the banks , or nationalize failing banks ( much as it happened in us ) and deal with greece separately ? 
  this is where it gets convoluted ... 
  that 's a very constructive comment on your side . 
  i got instantly illuminated and now i see all my misconceptions . 
  thx !, 
  wow , hold on . 
  back-door bailout did happen . 
  how can you otherwise explain that claims of german banks in 2010 in greece , italy , portugal and spain amounted to more than 350 billion euros ( which was roughly the size of their total capitalization ) and as if september 2014 its 216 billion euros ( 46 % of their total capitalization ) ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-02-20/why-germany-might-not-be-bluffing-with-greece ) this btw . 
  also means that german banks not only got bailed out , but also managed to raise some capital ( not a banking expert , but i bet that capital fleeing from peripheral economies had something to do with it ) . 
  now i 'm not claiming that there were no losses in private banking sector , but saying that massive troika loans ( not only to greece but also portugal , spain and italy ) aka . 
  those sweet sweet taxpayer moneyz did n't enable private banks to pull out of stinky situation is a lie . 
  and a nasty one too . 
  because instead of asking our politicians why taxpayers all over europe ( yup , trough magic of ecb , imf and eurozone we all in eu chipped in , cool eh ? ), 
  are covering asses of private bankers , we point fingers at each other . 
  bild can put nice headlines about lazy greeks , greeks can demand wwii reparations ... party goes on, 
  kinda both . 
  [ here 's the first hand account ] ( https://youtu.be/tqgrjn4radk ), 
  sorry dude but for me , there is a problem with `` immigrants '' in germany since i first come here in 2009 ( but i 'm guessing it 's a tad older than this ) . 
  i was utterly shocked that i can buy a kebab on every corner here in berlin from a turkish-german person , but when i go to university there is literally one turkish-german dude studying it on my year and a dozen chinese exchange students . 
  now this for me is not an `` immigration '' problem , but rather your good ol' social/economical divide . 
  and it was here long before unrests in middle east and africa forced people to risk their lives to come to europe . 
  as a fellow pole , i 'm outraged about all those immigrants stealing our jobs ^ in ^ ^ uk, 
  i fly on berlin tegel - munich route roughly once a month . 
  it almost feels like a daily commute . 
  you rarely see people with larger luggage than a briefcase . 
  plus when you fly back in the evening you bump into the same people you were flying in in the morning . 
  you feel like don draper on a morning train to manhattan . 
  tru that , once was passed by a group of naked people on ... segways . 
  i remember this mostly because it happened at chausseestr . / invaliden crossing , and i was truly surprised that after more than a year since i 've been there last time , they still have n't finished the construction . 
  well , not that surprised . 
  you surely meant czechs ... yes , founder of us budweiser was german , but [ the beer style itself and the name are czech ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/budweiser_budvar_brewery ),
