he still got the 2/3 in the lasted election ? 
  i though he would win but not again like that . 
  i think it is sad what is happening in hungary , hope you guys can kick those undemocratic bush out someday . 
  not that our politicians are better , but they never get that kinda of power . 
  the portuguese numbers have been dropping , but i think is mostly because the government uses dome nice statistics shenanigans and only counts people that are registered in the employment institute . 
  so with lots a people emigrating , others do n't see benefits in keeping its registration if there unemployment subsidy ended , also its relatively easy to get you registration terminated if you forget to attend a meting . 
  so the numbers keep improving on paper , what i would like to see , is the number of employed people . 
  i know people who live there that do n't speak german , i think some of those requisites are for social services . 
  i do n't think the german government ca n't kick me out if i pay rent , even if i do n't have a job or have a job but do n't speak the language . 
  uk maybe ? 
  its incredible that here , the parties could use that rhetoric , given that we are under the eu and ecb ( and imf ) supervision , and used as scapegoats by some northern politics , but they do n't ( witch is a good thing ), 
  `` we '' do . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_qw99ogerk more in the south , and i particularly do n't like it, 
  lol given that is clearly right wing now , this guy seam a bit deluded . 
  anyway good that he did n't receive any award although for the complete wrong reasons, 
  just a lovely mild 48 years ... / s sorry , but i 'm not a fan of old regime apologism, 
  i think you hit the nail with that comment , never thought about the lack of its own symbolism from the dictatorship . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_christ_ ( portugal ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c.f._os_belenenses this cross has none/almost none fascist connotation and is still used to symbolise the age of discovery here . 
  good luck with that , it got a lot worst in portugal in all this years of eu ( not that eu is to blame ) , with lisbon getting bigger and bigger, 
  apparently there are also lots of gun nuts on r/europe judging by this post . 
  makes sense because reddit is full of them , sadly, 
  i know portuguese , english a bit of french and spanish and i got nothing . 
  most people not coming from a germanic language and only learning english do n't get german , especially since english has lots of fresh influence . 
  its scary the steps hungary has take in the direction of a non-democratic country . 
  yes they still have elections but it looks like it would be imposible to get this guys from power and even if they do to repel some of those laws . 
  most people use inglaterra , but a lot of people are stating to use reino unido , ou gra bretanha . 
  lots of links in this article , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_discoveries some other i found browsing wikipedia of some places , like malacca , etc. 
  did n't meant that way , i 'm no fan of colonialism . 
  theres lots of things in the later part of portuguese empire thats left out , its amazing that is the most talked subject , but theres almost no mensions of the wars with the ottomans in the indic , the conquests and diplomacy in the indic and far east , the wars ( lost most of them ) with the dutch , and so on . 
  basically we just teach the good things , i think the program still borrows heavily from the dictatorship time . 
  do n't make up excuses for our currently fuck up government . 
   the population effectively doubles in the summer thanks to tourists it 's also ( or even mainly ) from emigrants who visit their , families in the summer . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_london its one of the biggest ( the biggest ? ), 
  financial place in europe , so its kinda of the logical name , for a country full of banks like switzerland, 
  everything you say its mostly true for portugal , ( and more even in spain ) , in the nighties everyone here also thought the same way you did ( me included ) . 
  sorry but the truth is that lots of people are going to get rich ( especially politics and builders ) with this , you are going to increase debt ( because of eu funds , incentive to corruptions and credit booms , etc ) corruption is not going to go way ( it never did here , and its was less than in romania to begin ) , and that new generation bit is just delusional , they are going to be the same , and the ones that are not are going to get far way from there , when things get worst . 
  do n't get me wrong , i want the european project to succeed but the direction its going , it is going to implode very soon . 
  keep telling your self that , portugal was much better than romania a few years back , so do n't wory if things do n't change in the ue your not going to live fine in romania , or in most ue countries . 
  no , but this is not the solution . 
  you could just do the `` normal '' thing , let the banks fail and secure deposits until 100.000 ( thats the law there i think ) , or just tax the 100.000 + ones and tax like 20 % after 500.000 , this way you get `` the mob money '' and do n't fuck over the people . 
  since when do you talk for most portuguese , your just a american libertarian wannabe , so please do n't think even a small percentage of your country supports you , must less the eu . 
  candidate countries at the time . 
  theres a lot of oranges trees here . 
  and in some eastern languages , portugal , also means oranges . 
  we are really just calm and do n't care our inform ourselves and is not that are to be informed . 
  for example the the last prime minister and the current one were linked with corruption or at least favouritism in there careers , and in the normal country they would just step down in that instant . 
  but the people just do n't care , they endure 48 years of a retrograde dictatorship , almost without any meaningful resistance and public demonstration . 
  we are only a democracy because the army all sick of fighting in africa , not because we ( the people ) wanted to fought to bring down the government . 
  that is nice and all , and i kinda agree with most of your plan , but that 's not feasible . 
  politics in the north made sure to use the fact that they do n't want to pay any more to southern countries an issue in internal politics , so no one is going to give the necessary money our they would lose votes . 
  and , in the south this would be seen as a complete lost a sovereignty too the northern countries , wish would be fine if they had the south interest in mind . 
  but current `` bce/ue/fmi '' measures in those countries are demonstrating they are there to guaranty that they pay back the debt at any cost to the economy an d population of those countries . 
  so tell me who is going to agree to your sensible plan ? 
  there 's no trust in the ue any more , for this to be possible . 
  so this law also would not do anything , they would just drive without a licence , since like you said there is no effective controls . 
  this will basically just end up targeting working poor people and do shit for road savety, 
  and everyone complain and we sure are n't going to repeat that mistake , good thing the president came to his senses , and it was n't after a decision that is going to affect the country like brexit . 
  in theory that is true in almost all countries ( that have a parliamentary democracy ) , but in practice the election has a face that is the pm , that is why everywhere else when he quits there are elections . 
  and that is even more strange in case of something as big as this , the public should be able to vote who wants to take care of the process . 
  in theory that is true in all countries ( that have a parliamentary democracy ) , but in practice the election has a face that is the pm , that is why everywhere else when he quits there are elections . 
  and that is even more strange in case of something as big as this , the public should be able to vote who wants to take care of the process . 
  it 's incredible that the uk does n't have elections after the government quits , and this new pm just takes over , just strange to me . 
  edit : i know technically how it works , but in practice when the pm quits there are elections in the other democracies that i know off , because the face that gave that party it 's majority is gone . 
  fight it , it seems a great idea , but you be giving almost all your country financial sovereignty to eu ( berlin actually ) , so you depend on them , and its much easier to get in that to get out with disastrous consequences . 
  my country need to do a lot of things like devalue the currency , but since it 's not in german interest it does n't happen , if we had our own coin we prob . 
  would n't even be in a crises like this . 
  yep , so much bullshit the eu , it 's just a tool to get rich people on the rich countries to keep getting rich , and fuck all the small countries and also uses `` us vs them '' rhetoric to pass measures on the rich countries to widen the gap between rich and pour . 
  i certainly think like that now , i 'm completely pro an european project , but not this neo liberal shit that the eu have become . 
  clearly you must live in one of the countries that is profiting ( even if it 's short term ) from this terrible arrangement ( or are a deluded neo-liberal ) , here in fucked in the ass by the eu land it 's pretty clear the article is more than correct . 
  all true but the stupid euro leaders and germany will keep blaming the south countries and dragging europe to the ground , so sad how this union ended up as basically a tool in the hands of neo-liberal to force their politics into the small countries . 
  yes we are the children and should be spanked even if we do all that we are told . 
  you are joking but you guys are in the process of being downgraded from the elite of the eu . 
  that german help has been great for us also / s, 
  i 'm not saying it should be public but it should be there as a last resort . 
  but first we need better negotiators and we need urgently to form a country block with common grounds to have a better voice . 
  also greece could have worked better if other countries back it up ( not that i was will full agreement with the greek government ) , what our government did at the time was beyond stupid , siding with the same people that are kicking us now , just to be a good student . 
  a lot good that did us . 
  no i do n't since i ca n't vote in germany ( and other countries ) elections and their government ( s ) are the ones deciding this in their benefit ( at least they think it 's to their benefit , but it 's a stupid policy in the long run ) or for local populist reasons . 
  you are the won that is advocating doing nothing , or just vote better . 
  i 'm defending that the government has to grow balls and tell the eu no \u00e9 many things , it has to have bilateral talks with similar countries to have a joint voice , and it need to not be afraid to veto stuff and make treats , since is the only language this people speak . 
  it also needs to seen if the eurozone gets reformed soon , otherwise we need a plan to leave it before we are completely pour just to make german rich , this last one is no easy but should at least be on the table and used as leverage . 
  big change that will give since my country has like 0 say even if it had a government that wanted that . 
  actually it kinda has a government like , but apparently the eu wants to take it down with measures like this . 
  so sorry , but you are beeing incredible naive , southern contries are getting explored and given out government powers without nothing in return to unelected people or other governments , and this has been going on for at least 5 years and even with all the push back they are still on the path . 
  if you think this will change within the system , you are wrong . 
  all our contries have been stupid from the start , not to band together and say no this this new german imperialism . 
  explain how i change the eu government , than you might have a point . 
  i 'm still pro europe integration , but not this eu anymore , they are a bunch of know nothing idiots . 
  so it empowers the parties that want to change something that do n't see anything bad with it . 
  that was pretty obvious , the change in talk by the eu . 
  even the talk about another bail out , it was never talked about before they want coelho back , since the guy is a push over like dur\u00e3o 2.0 and is already dreaming of a bank job like him . 
  i 've know that from the beginning , but the stupid politics did n't care , they even made a point of beeing diferent from greece , instead of making a common front , than spain did the same with us , now will probably italy and france . 
  they played right into the divide and conquer policy of the other countries . 
  we were shiting on greece when could be building bridges , same for ireland in relation to the southern countries , then spain did n't back us up , and ended the same , italy next , and now it will be france maybe . 
  divide and conquer , oldest trick in the book . 
  you are correct , i 'm pro an european project , i 'm definitely not pro this current eu . 
  and it was single digit over here and in spain , do n't see it staying like that for long . 
  that is my point . 
  no i think the eu need to go back to helping each other , and not being used by local politics populist rhetorics . 
  i want a united europe , that works together to improve all countries .
