  what i see is a bunch of neo liberal bullshit , that do n't learn even after overwhelming evidence that the way they are following is not working . 
  i see countries using others or emigrants as scapegoats for its problems , i see politics using vindictive measures against small countries as a political tool . 
  you see i 'm pro eu , but not this thing it became . 
  and since it 's not changing and i his going off a cliff this way , maybe we are better off to leave , be as hard as it has to be . 
  i was like you once , believing the eu could do no wrong and was working for the better of all contries , but that is bullshit . 
  i just ca n't see how can anyone believe that bullshit anymore , they even said that france is france so they do n't need to worry about this , last month so do n't tell me they are doing this for our own good and that they treat all the same . 
  completely besides the point , either enforce the rules for all , or get ride of them ( i favor the second , this was stupid from the beginning ) . 
  now they are just using this to bully small contries . 
  we do n't want charity , we want equal treatment . 
  specialy since the eu was the one making the measures here that made us pass the budget . 
  you fuck off , this is still an equal union not an imperialist project , like some people want and are working to make . 
  yes it is , because when the rules are only used to bully small contries they are no rules , just instruments of control . 
  if you think romania will fare better you are crazy . 
  portugal was also in an amazing place in the 90s within the eu , the future was bright and so on . 
  you are in that spot now , but you will crash hard , if the eu continues this path . 
  you will not believe me , but you will in 10 years or less . 
  make france follow the rules instead of a country that did n't follow the rules after beeing ruled economicaly by the same eu and fmi . 
  if this is n't the proff the things they defend do n't work ( like austerity ) , i do n't know what is, 
  fixed a bit , sorry i 'm just beyond mad and writing on a phone . 
  but basically almost every country has failed this goal is the past , specially france , the country that did it the most ( even this year ) , but even germany had done that . 
  to join this bullshit , we are coming out of 3 years that the eu and fmi basically ruled the country in economic matters ( the years that this fine is about ) . 
  so after doing what we were told by them , we get fined by them , when the same people told us that they won fine france , because it 's france . 
  if you still think this is fair , i do n't know what to say . 
  because every other country that did n't follow the rules did n't even got a flap . 
  and we broke the budget rules because we followed all the things the eu told us to do , so much that we were the good student . 
  fuck this eu , they do n't learn , end this farce, 
  it 's bullying , makes no sense we ca n't accept this , every other contry gets a pass but the country that took every measure they wanted they fuck over . 
  i was always promoted eu but today i say fuck the eu , if it 's like this let 's leave . 
  other contries break the rules , and nothing happens , we do after following everything that we were told , and they fuck us over . 
  fuck you , you did n't learn anything from british exit . 
  this seems also pretty obvious to also discredit the left wing government in portugal ( for something the previous government that the eu loved did at their command ) and condition the formation of the spanish government , this people running the eu are so stupid they are like the caricatures the british made about them . 
  why should i , i choose to leave the sub a long time ago because of that , and the lack of solidarity with in europe from the so called europhile here , but kept looking more a more like a right wing paradise . 
  i came here today to get some articles from brexit , but just made me feel more sad and mad with the probable future of the continent . 
  i only brought the topic because it show `` 2 pesos and 2 medidas '' from spanish government , i myself more than happy to let that issue go in name of good relations . 
  i love going to spain and have nothing against it , but i do n't like the right wing in madrid , all that franco legacy stuff , not letting the people choose there future ( anti-democratic ) , hypocrisy and politic usage of gibraltar , etc. 
  so when parent said he wants us to join spain , i said no thanks , or i 'm suppose to say thanks and kiss the king hand ? 
  no thanks , i can be in favor of an european federation , but beeing subject to madrid , hell no, 
  emigrants obviously , there is always some one to blame , for people like this . 
  i never said i wanted oliven\u00e7a back , quite the contrary , but i was just pointing out that spanish government , is highly hypocrite , when talking about gibraltar , ceuta menila and oliven\u00e7a . 
  seems strange that someone with catalunya flair doesnt see that , given the fact they wo n't let you decide your future . 
  greece at least has good reasons to leave , but they did n't . 
  you guys not so much . 
  when you will let your people decide their future , i 'll think otherwise, 
  responses in this sub about this scares me about europe . 
  thanks for saying things with reason . 
  britain wanted them to get in, 
  i 'm pro europe , but i 'd they approve sanctions , that they did n't gave to france in the same circumstances , i 'll more than support blocking all eu deals . 
  but i 'm not defending its inclusion back , i 've said so in my first comment , just pointing the hypocrisy in spain in dealing with this issues . 
  anyway they ( you ? ), 
  are not going to change , since democracy is not strong defended there . 
  yes that treaty , but even if you ignore the treaty , what justification do you have to annex it in first place ? 
  or you just think portugal should be spain ? 
  you mean the valid treaty that said they have to return it after invading it with france , but never did . 
  it 's not the same as gibraltar , because spain said they would give it back and the uk never said such thing about . 
  jesus spanish nacionalist are the worst , i fell sorry for democrats and catalans and basques . 
  lol, 
  i 've read it 's in the government program to have referendum if the uk leaves eu , and that was voted , so they have a mandate . 
  how an easy to check factual statement gets downvoted lol, 
  ceuta was also portuguese , not that we want it back , nor do we want oliven\u00e7a back that much , but madrid is so hypocrite, 
  we do n't care about , it 's just to show the hypocrisy of madrid . 
  also they wo n't allow votes , they do n't respect the votes in gibraltar , or even let catalunya vote . 
  the same reason they do n't return oliven\u00e7a , that was occupied without any agreement , madrid only has this arguments when it benefits them . 
  ps not that portugal cares about oliven\u00e7a , but the mental gymnastics of the right in madrid is just amazing . 
  give back oliven\u00e7a and ceuta than , since you are so worked up about that , show the initiative . 
  you mean the money eu forced us to borrow to save banks , so we transformed bad banks policies into national debt , that we have and are paying back with interest . 
  and now after doing all the laws changes and policies they wanted , they are talking about sanctions , wtf , fuck them ( eu burocrats ) , they are the ones destroying this great project of europe . 
  the worst is that countries like ours are the ones that is going to suffer more again because of this . 
  nato will still exists even if the eu stopped, 
   are you idiot or what he is a le pen supporter , so do have to ask ? 
  i like that you are getting downvoted for saying facts , , this subs loves the narrative , that the crises is a southern fabrication and is because we are lazy and want money . 
  they are blunt when talking to you , but when you talk back they do n't like confrontation , this 2 dutch `` traits '' are perfectly used by them to justify saying anything , from my personal experience . 
  from my experiences in your country dutch bluntness is used to be able to say every insult you guys want and then you use your other attribute `` we do n't like confrontation '' to escape from rebuttals , you have a great system going that is for sure . 
  jornal de neg\u00f3cios showing its true colors as a moth piece for the austerity from ecb and eurogroup, 
  not in your country , here it keep wanting reforms that only do that , but fighting corruption and fixing the judicial system , they do n't even say a word , you know the real issues afecting the country . 
  they are more worried that we payed unsustainable debt that they helped us get , by forcing us to save banks , so they the northern banks that loaned money to them did n't fail , so fuck the population for banks mistakes . 
  to be fair this is not the hole eu , more the central bank and other financial institutions , but they are treating the south counties as an experiment to make there neo liberal policies , in the name of fixing the counties . 
  i whould t even be mad in a intervention to fix my country problems , but that is not what they did at all . 
  even yesterday there was a news report the bce wanted sanctions for not following their economic proposala , fuck those people , this is what will kill the eu in the end . 
  just took a look at google maps , and the picture is the only part left , and is very far way , it 's even in another region of france, 
  tell that to all the neo liberals running all the financial institutions of the ue that want to force all the south counties to make laws and end social security that they whould dream of proposing on their home country . 
  i wonder the left is more and more anti eu , they are pro the idea , but the eu is more and a neo liberal bastion forcing right wing policies in the name of fixing the counties ( spoiler does n't work at all ), 
  besides what the other poster said , it also did n't snow on the road you 'll take , only the interior and hight places got snow , even if you are going today . 
  anyway is probably going to be hot next week , this last saturday it was almost 30 in braga, 
  i prefer the mountains , so i do n't care about the beaches that much . 
  i am, 
  oil is not even close to be better than spain or italy ( but is something the media loves to repeat ) , we do n't have the same climate for the hight quality products they have . 
  of course , basic portuguese oil is prob . 
  better than mass produced spanish one , but they have lots and lots of offers , just take a look at the oil section in a spanish supermarket , the offer is like wine in variety . 
  you guys prob . 
  do have better beaches , more coast and more warm sea . 
  people here are sometimes very nationalistic about the land and products ( like saying we have the best oil , lol ) , but it 's only about that at least . 
  and my impression ( could be wrong ) is that spain is kinda of the same . 
  wine is , the rest not , but portuguese like to say it is . 
  fuck those counties for trying to have a competent guy and not a neo liberalism and austerity is the way , destroy all public services ( but not on my country , only those filthy southerners ) mouthpiece, 
  why is this man still working this is unacceptable , in national politics if anyone said that about a part of a country he whould be asked to resign so fast , why is this different in the eu . 
  this is not even the worse this idiot did , he kept saying blatant wrong things about our economy and the markets shaked , like he was trying to make it hard for us to recover ( he can join the club with that german finance minister ) , if this is what is center left in the netherlands good thing they lost hard . 
  it 's politicians like this that only care about pandering to some local groups that are going to be the end of the eu , they keep insulting other countries left and right , there is spirit of unity , only i want mine fuck yours . 
  it 's not , but i prefer it to the others that give excuses and find other more or less scientific reasons to justify policies that are based on hate , but lots of people get fooled by the rhetoric , like le pen , brexit , trump , etc not that i like them or respect them more , just that they are easier to fight, 
  i think you are overthinking , this is nothing more than politicians just looking fro their interests and forgetting the long term country well-being . 
  europe is full of this bosos now , that just think next election o the lining their pockets and sprot populism .
