  it 's amazing that most people probably favor a soft exist , but political ( they want to be elected ) will make a worse deal for the country . 
  no never , sometime you see stopped building ( like anywhere in the world ) , because of a cort order or the builder ran out o money , but no one ever lives in those . 
  what i do n't get about this is were is this public mandate for a hard brexit , that all politicians are assuming . 
  brexit won by 2 % , and i assume not all brexit voters want a hard exit and would prefer to keep the common market , and i also assume that most remain voters would like that as well . 
  and that is clearly a majority , so why are they treating the referendum as a supermajority mandate for a hard brexit ? 
  that is ridiculous , there was nothing in the referendum that said they need to leave asp , or that they need an hard exit , i 'll even say quite the opposite given that the results was only 2 % difference ( i still can not understand this giant mandate that everyone in the uk is assuming with that difference , but i digress ) , there is no way all the brexit voters want a hard exit , and you only need a small amount to have a majority that supports leaving with a eee membership . 
  the thing with the emigrants is that they to much representation ( compared to some local districts ) and 2 districts ( this makes no sense ) , for the number of people that vote . 
  but you are correct they should get a representative , so they should get 1 or max 2 mps and the rest of the votes ( if they exist ) go to the compensation district, 
  looks like portugal in the 80s and 90s , so probably a phase , to bad it kinda destroyed lots of landscapes and lead to shitty urban planning . 
  but he clearly is , so good on him to be honest at least . 
  we have a similar problem with districts , people in bragan\u00e7a , guarda , etc , only have 2 choices in practice . 
  other times people get elected with less votes that other parties that did n't get elected , like about 12 years ago pp got a seat in viana with less votes that be in braga that did n't elect no one , so a voter in braga had less say in the elections . 
  i think the nl system is the best since you still vote in people but the list is national , but here their should be at least a compensation list that gathers the votes that did n't elect anyone ( like they do in a\u00e7ores ) and they could even put the emigrants votes there since they are over represented given the small numbers that vote . 
   just like the 50 pms in belgium who almost canceled the ceta say what ? 
  that thing is n't dead yet ? 
  it 's working fine here so far , and it 's good for the country to have different party to govern or support the government instead of absolute majorities , like the socialists or pds were used to . 
  i did n't know you had a strong center left party , i though you alternated between two right/center parties a bit like poland . 
  comparing the standard center left party like the socialist to podemos and syriza is a bit much , a comparable party is bloco de esquerda . 
  just go on this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/6pfypy/how_to_deal_with_a_lunatic_with_a_ham_knife/ and see all the americans explain to you how he should be dead and the police were wrong and/or incompetent not to kill him . 
  their police culture and live value sucks ass . 
  its threads like this ( and crazy xenofobic comments on emigration threads getting upvotes ) whenever i come back to this sub to check it out that remind me why i unsubbed . 
  they get it , it gets worthless , now the state need to pay all court actions from previous bad stuff the bank does , and then when the bank is better they sell it for peanuts to someone , great deal , just not for taxpayers . 
   and caused significant financial loss to the lower classes through more invisible means . 
  so it worked as expected , as a bonus you now have scapegoats ( for politicians ) in the south in the form of northern countries and vice-versa ( along with emigrants ) , while the bankers and other responsible are laughing with the money, 
  we did n't learn shit , fuck all this rich corrupt fuckers always getting their money back and the people get fucked . 
  per 100 000, 
  are we talking about the same guardia civil that likes to overuse it 's power , because we certainly are not . 
  and most spanish people i know say the same thing , unless you are some right wing apologist , check your comments , yep nevermind , right wing . 
  i rather see them downsize than keep all those fat fucks sitting in a desk all day looking at tv or computer . 
  but better would be to put them to work in the areas that are needed . 
  they must stay all day in the station drinking tintol ( red wine ) , because i almost never see a cop , at least in my city ( 3rd biggest ), 
  that is not even close to be a burca . 
  to be able to win elections more easily ? 
  i hight doubt a party that absorbed most of the old regime members and is very much irredentist wants that . 
  this thing is so insane looking from outside , madrid still talks so much like franco regime , you guys should had a real revolution like us , not perfect but still better for a clean up . 
  this sub is a eu circlejerk in most things , people were agains scotland because it would after the eu unity before brexit , now they are in favour . 
  as of me , regions that are clear nations , should have the right to self determination , hell should even be part of the eu charter , what does madrid want back to franco regime or prove that eta was right and the democracy way does n't work, 
  is n't the problem that spain is not letting you guys decide anything right now ? 
  and given the things i read that madrid says , that looks like it came from franco 's goverment , i do n't see you guys having the chance to make that choice anytime soon . 
  why it 's clearly not important , if the country that cares more about it elected that guy . 
  right wing and extreme right / fascism are not the same , although it 's going that way with all the anti muslim support here . 
  this sub is pretty right wing , as long as it 's pro european , you do n't expect them to support a anti eu candidate . 
  lol you think this sub is left wing lol with all the anti muslim posts , i migrations hysteria austerity loving posts , eu neo liberals that are in charge posts , and even this one so happy because the less of 2 bad candidates won . 
  this sub is right win as fuck and a lot more racist than i hope the rest of society is . 
  it is pretty anti british nacionalism so i get why you might think that . 
  yep comparing a fpp system with a strange electoral college and with both candidates within 5 % in pools and a referendum with almost tied result that was within the margin of error , to the pools in france that she never had even 40 % in any pool was just so stupid . 
  people really do n't know math or do n't inform, 
  interesting , that explains the 35 for less pen , i also do n't know if i would vote if i was french , probably would ( just because she is too dangerous ) but would n't feel great voting for him , just another guy that will support all the wrong thins about eu economy policies . 
  macron is not change , he is the status of the neo liberal eu burocrat , good that the racists did n't win , but he will not be a good influence to change the eu for the better . 
  let 's hope so, 
  there are a lot more problems with eu than emigration unlike this sub wants to think ( with its right wing block ) , just ask the southern countries , they way they are being treated is not acceptable in a supposed union . 
  this so much , when the german finance minister comes to the tv telling us that we are lazy , need more austerity and lies about our economy ( that makes the markets tremble ) , when we are recovering , and after doing everything they told us to do , people star to rethink this pretty fast . 
  if the eu does change and fast is gone in the next 20 years , i do n't know how manny wake up calls they need . 
  i was very pro ue and even wanted more decision there , but after seeing the people they sent here and what they want for my country , hell no i 'll prefer my politicians , no matter how bad they are to a bunch of neo liberal burocrats that want to implement thing they would even dream back home . 
   agreed that a lot of the countries need reforms on their states also they troicas , never implemented any needed reforms ( or force them ) when they were in charge here , like fighting corruption , improving the judicial system , what they did was blind austerity , like get rid of worker rights , and other stuff that norther countries would not allow back home , but are fine fucking the south ones ,, 
  because since the enlargement germany ( and nordics ) with the estern countries ( that almost always vote for right wing liberals , since because of communism they thing anything sightly left wing is cancer ) , we ca n't change shit for the better . 
  the eu got to big to fast and now it 's a bit shit . 
  the mistake was allowing our stupid governments from a few years back to agree to all this bullshit . 
  not going to happen because people get scare with things like france , but then theirs candidate wins , and they keep goings as always the current eu is heading for a cliff , and the current leaders do n't seem to care , and only use it as a way to win votes ( as a scapegoat , or just list certain countries as scapegoats ) . 
  we will keep going in this stupid economical direction that keeps benefiting the rich ( no the rich countries , just the rich ) , until something will break . 
  i for once while defending and eu , and a strong one , i do n't like what it became , and the why they treated my country was an eye opener , that they do n't have the interest of the people in their minds only some bottomline . 
  yep , no way the minho and douro is worse than algarve even counting the tourism money . 
  algarve is one of the most backwards places ( economical and infrastructure , not people ) here with so many extremes , it was eye opening living there being from the north . 
  no they give you the correct representation , there is nothing wrong in admiting that part of you electorate is ukip ( by the way i 'm not a supporter of right wing parties , but i 'm 100 % against non representative parlaments like the uk ) and only votes torry because of fptp , it would also force more parties to talk and represent all views, 
  yes reforms are need in thoses countries . 
  but not crazy privatizations an neo-liberal reforms , that just worsens the problem . 
  i 's incredible how the north really thinks its helping the south with this mesures . 
  does not work if we keep a government that believes the eu measures are the best and even wants to implement more of those on it 's own . 
  i do i agree with you that this eu is going nowhere and it 's not in our interest to be in it ( if it does it ) , if it continues like this , we need to get rid of our current corrupt political players first . 
  i been saying this from the beginning , i 'm completely for european integration , but not the way this his heading . 
  what if they should go to jail , but there 's no laws and the justice system is incompetent/corrupt ? 
  probably over , and i do n't know if its a bad thing . 
  it used to represent prosperity and union , now its just a way to enforce neo-liberal agendas on countries . 
  do n't bother responding to him his a libertarian troll , i did n't even new we had them in our country . 
  that 's more than the our last prime minister and our current vice-prime minister ( they kinda bought there degree ), 
  ups you are right yes i 'm an imbecil sorry . 
  i understood you , i just know you were wrong , many you were younger a saw the country differently in your good old days , but its not more corrupt , its actually a little less . 
  the same kind of corruption existed ( involving actually almost the same people/families ) since salazar time and even before . 
  just read a book from the turn of the century ( 19th to 20th ) and see that the same things happend there . 
  you were cleanly dreaming if you thing portugal was less corrupt 20 years ago , do n't mistake having lesse money in the economy to stell to being less corrupt, 
  get ready for the selling of it by a ridicule small amont ( even below market value ) in the short future like it happen in portugal, 
  ya that was scary , and weird, 
  yep , that is way this talk off austerity is bullshit , it is just for the common people , the one that should be leading the cuttings ( like giant companies , rich people , luxury spending in government and public sector ) are not cutting back . 
  i think you still should pay the same per month , but the pensions should be at most 3-5 minimum wages . 
  the state should guaranty a good living for the elderly , but not a luxury living , it you want that you should save yourself . 
  i would also rise the minimum pension to the minimum wage . 
  portugal has full mariage for 2 years now . 
  your almost spot on , but the blanket thing is a bit overkill , maybe in cheap hostels , but in houses ? 
  also if you move from the sea , even if it is still nearby ( like braga or coimbra ) , it improves . 
  by the way this year there is no humidity , it does n't rain form a couple of moths and there are already forest fires . 
  but the serbians and croatians where already there , they di n't invade/colonized . 
  yes they killed lots off people , and the war changed the demography of the country ( i think a census was not made yet after the war ) . 
  besides i was not revering too the last war ( in the 90 's ) , but the general problem in the bosnia since it was a province of austria . 
  and please do n't take this personally , i actually replied because i would like to know your opinion about the future of bosnia . 
  do you belive the contrie can continu to function in its current structure ? 
  what 's is your perfered solution for the future of bosnia ? 
  before i start let me just say that i 'm from portugal , so i do n't have any interest in the matter . 
  but honestly why not divide the country , keep a big part for bosnians muslins , big enough and with enough resources that it can function and git the other 2 parts independence ( or let them join serbia and croacia ) . 
  you can also have some plans and incentives for the people that stayed on the wrong side to move , and also force strong non discrimination laws on the 3 new countries . 
  i say this , from my point off view , and its probably a big mistake , but form me bosnia can never fully function the way it currently is .
