  police went over to inquire because that can obviously be taken to incite violence . 
  no one was beaten , threatend or killed . 
  this shit does n't happen in the west to regular citizins . 
  to even compare thay to , say , russia just means you have no idea what actual oppression is . 
  sure we have some problems but we are nowhere near fascism . 
  for these statistics to be really informative , we have to control for age and sex . 
  refugees are generally young men , the group that is over represented in both of these crimes . 
  the first statistic takes children , the elderly and women into account , this skews the numbers . 
  i 'm currently on mobile and have bad access to actually do the calculations myself but iirc when you control for these confounding variables the refugees are about as likely to be involved in these crimes as regular young men are, 
  i think he means that their goverment does n't dare to not go along with what we want , while we vote however the fuck we feel like because nothing will happen i do n't necessarily agree , but that is what i think they 're talking about, 
  i claim the title of sea germans for my people, 
  that 's just because you 're from limburg, 
  i 'd swear to god that 's what i saw on nos , but i guess i 'm wrong then, 
  i never said i like the guy or his views , his views on homosexuals are horrible . 
  i did n't see a part about where he was talking about his big ballsack for dutch women was n't taken out of context , but my phone is really fucking up and i only saw bits of it due to it . 
  i do wonder why i have n't seen this before . 
  why did powned lose the lawsuit according to you then , because apparantly i am not up to date as much as i thought on this subject, 
  this guy sueded the ` media outlet ' and won because they took his words out of context so much that they made it look like he said things he never did source ( in dutch ) : http://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/12/15/syrische-vluchteling-wint-rechtszaak-van-powned the problems are very real , but please try not to spread misinformation, 
  not strange if you consider we have like 200 million more people, 
  i know , but since you were apparantly not understanding what i was reffering to i did it anyway . 
  we stronk seriously though , for a country with only 17 million people , we 're pretty fucking rich . 
  nothing to complain about , which is too bad because it is our national pass time, 
  50 years is 1966 , so you know the sexual liberation of the western world and what not https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_revolution, 
  i am certainly not claiming the eu is perfect and never fucks anyone over , just that i think there is a lot of benifit involved too . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  have a nice weekend . 
  i know the term , i do n't agree it is true in the case of the eu we live in an economy where we are not starved for resources and which trives largely on services and information , which are n't finite . 
  i would n't call it post scarcity , but i definitely would n't talk of an zero sum situation in the eu economy, 
  then you have n't read my comments properly because i never said that . 
  i said the east gets a lot of money , that 's it . 
  in another post i said i think it is awesome to help out , just that it is n't true we are pillaging the eastern countries for our own gain . 
  we pay for almost 4 percent of the total eu despite having only 17 million inhabitants . 
  not a small part . 
  no , i said it means we pay more into the system than we get from it . 
  that 's what ` net ' stands for, 
  that is after considering subsidies etc. 
  this means we pay more than we get . 
  we were also responsible for almost 4 percent of the total contributions , and we are a really small country i do n't really see your point, 
  more like the past half century and it certainly is n't just the dutch, 
  hah , yeah i saw that too . 
  it is around 42,000 thousand so we can compare that ourselves !, 
  the problem i have with this is that you seem to think that only one of the countries can benefit and not mutually . 
  we have much to gain from free trade , a strong , big economic bloc with vast production capabilities . 
  we gain by our mutual economic power , our mutual free market , our mutual coin etc. 
  we , the dutch , make most of our money with trade . 
  there are many economic reasons to why we can both benifit from this association . 
  it is the enitre reason the eu was founded . 
  good article , thanks for that  also , where did i fail in my last point ? 
  if the eu gives us 1,000,000 million euro in funds but stops factories under which we 'll be making 1 billion euro ? 
  obviously you 'd see the difference then ( just an example to illustrate my point , not saying the figures are accurate ) . 
  i understand your logic perfectly . 
  the point is moot as long as there is no actual data backing it up though . 
  i can make logical constructs too but the fact of the matter is that we have to know whether or not they hold up in reality . 
  if factories are closed , that does n't mean you lose more money than gain it . 
  it * can * mean that , sure , but as long as you provide no economic data there is no way to know if the loses overshadow the gains, 
  thanks !, 
  i am sure there are things that are done badly , i did not know all of this . 
  i do however need a source on your last point because there is no way i am just going to believe that . 
  you forget a huge part too - free trade . 
  everyone is making money with access to the biggest economic bloc in the world . 
  the euro , despite currently being in trouble , also has strong effect in economies . 
  strong currency is helpful . 
  you made the comparison about money taken and given but your points in no way demonstrate how the east would be losing more money than gaining it thanks to the eu . 
  i believe you 'd have trouble proving that . 
  if you can i 'll change my mind . 
  money being invested in various fields does n't make a country rich over time . 
  shit takes time and things could be worse without it , saying it is n't perfect now does n't mean it does n't help . 
  look up what we are paying to the eu and you 're getting from it . 
  i have no problems with any of that , i think it 's awesome to help our eastern brothers out especially since we have n't always been nice to everyone , but it 'd be nice if it were recognized . 
  fair enough, 
  that 'd be awesome !, 
  anyone has map or list like this with gdp per capita ? 
  do you have any idea how much money eastern european countries are receiving from us ? 
  i know no one that is still upset about that, 
  nothing . 
  being okay with nudity seems to me to be pretty european, 
  yeah i mean i am not even american and i find that shit annoying as hell the us is n't the goddamn devil . 
  does it do shit that is wrong ? 
  sure . 
  but every country does and the us atleast admits it pretty often, 
  with hookers and blackjack !, 
  it 's the same old everything has to be linked back to the us . 
  people always yell shit like this eventhough it is evidently not true , as you said ai calls everyone out . 
  it 's the same thing with people commenting things like ` the media never reports and this ' under a fucking media article . 
  it is a preconceived worldview regardless of evidence . 
  i think you 're the only one that 's a little upset , everyone else is just talking shit, 
  oh i know and agree . 
  it is nonsense that people should be in jail . 
  ofcourse populations were targets during the cold war , mutually assured destruction and all that, 
  bombing population centres was a regular strategy in wwii the two bombs dropped on japan killed less than the fire bombing of tokyo . 
  they probably saved more lifes by preventing a brutal landwar , even when taking the horrible aftermath from nuclear fallout into account . 
  not claiming you did n't know this or anything , just wanted to point it out, 
  cdg in paris does that only airport i 've ever had to transfer in so i do n't know about any others . 
  it seemed really dumb to me, 
  well that does n't sounds right to me , hypocritical even, 
  how does france lack free speech ? 
  i did n't say it they were n't in this case , but it has happend before that after the fact it turned out people came from completely different parts of the country if that was unclear that 's my fault, 
  fair enough , that can happen, 
  reading comprehension is still difficult i see . 
  i never said the majority want * more * refugees .
