  that 's besides the point , and i do n't think you can really judge people for breaking the law when fleeing war , famine and abject poverty . 
  technically , yes they 're criminals , morally not so much . 
  most refugees * are * in local camps , which we finance . 
  we 're talking about millions of people here , stop acting like they all share the same values and beliefs . 
  the guys that did this need to be send back , fuck them i hope they get killed . 
  but the moment you start judging others by their actions , you 're no better than them . 
  yeah just saw it , thanks, 
  they 're not ? 
  i never participate in these things but thought i 'd share this one, 
  merkel is a right-wing conservative , and she 's been chancellor for 15 years do n't talk authoritively on this if you do n't even know the basics . 
  what ? 
  politicians * should * change their platform based on what the population wants . 
  that 's the entire point . 
  i 'd argue that pragmatism is way better than acting out of conviction . 
  politics is comprimise , that is crucial to a functional government . 
  politicians working out of conviction do n't work well with others . 
  those two things do n't exclude each other, 
  that 's what i thought !, 
  just a miscommunication . 
  yes i know . 
  as i said , it is a point made against those that do . 
  the original point is n't made against others in this thread , but a commonly held view by people outside of it . 
  that europe is n't a dystopia . 
  how are you not getting this ? 
  well yes obviously . 
  it was just an example . 
  i would need to see some evidence for the claim that europe is getting unsafe . 
  many people say the same thing about my country when it 's objectively wrong , so that might just as well be true for the other nations . 
  besides none of this was the main point of my comment . 
  it 's such a weird situation . 
  no one really gives a fuck , except for the pvv really , yet it is n't completely legal . 
  i have buddies that have asked cops for a lighter to light their joint with , politicians admit to using it , you can grow it , buy it , sell it , yet we still waste money fighting it . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm talking about the americans , usually alt-right , that literally believe that europe is a dystopian , muslim theocracy full of no-go zones , sharia law and rampant rape . 
  the type of people that thought after lepenn lost that they 'd have to invade us to free us from the muslim horde like it was wwii . 
  also , europe is not becoming less safe . 
  murder rates in my country fell by 2/3 in like 5 years . 
  enjoy , 
  you have completely missed my point , as i was literally agreeing with you . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain it differently than before . 
  i just want to point out that after 15 hours your comments have n't been removed . 
  now my guess is you 're not going to acknowledge this as such , but it is proof that your own statements are false . 
  the mods do not remove everything that is n't ` leftist ' , otherwise your comments would 've been removed . 
   sort by controversial  grabs popcorn, 
  the point is more geared towards the people that use ` no-go zones ' as an argument . 
  these people are almost exclusively american , so the comparison is more to show the nonsense of their argument than it is an argument we europeans use to not do anything about crime . 
  my entire country has less murders than one american city , so you 're right we should n't use the us as a benchmark , which we do n't . 
  not when it comes to this at least . 
  enemy combatants do n't get a trail . 
  if they 're caught , then yes you follow the treaty of geneva , but in war you do n't try to catch your enemy . 
  you kill them . 
  replying within context is a dearly missed skill on reddit , it seems we were talking about the border being clearly visisble , the rurh area is on the border , so your original comment does n't even make sense then . 
  but the point was that density does n't change that quickly so it makes sense to compare it, 
  that ' a fair point !, 
  we do call a hippopotamus a nile horse which i do n't think is much of a stretch tbh, 
  i would n't know , i just thought it was funny, 
  boom baby !, 
  let 's wait and see if they 're prosecuted . 
  i 'm not too happy about the arrest , but what comes after this is the real test . 
  i 'd wager this is the case in most countries . 
  dutch providers are marketing it like they 're just doing it for their customers too . 
  most people do n't know what the fuck the eu does for them anyway , only hearing about the bad things , so they get away with it . 
  ca n't blame them though . 
  i 'd market it like that too . 
  miss `` i 'll rip up human rights to catch terrorists '' being a leader with moderate liberal values kek, 
  it was pretty obviously a joke so people that are offended need to lighten up, 
  driving in almere is a lot faster than in amsterdam that 's for sure, 
  i do n't hate modern architecture . 
  i just do n't like almere, 
  it does n't have a heart . 
  it 's just failed modernist architexture and the city is built to be efficient . 
  if you 're used to quint curved little streets with old buildings on each side , then almere 's straight ~ ~ homogenous ~ ~ predictable streets are just boring . 
  the city does n't feel alive to me . 
  yeah me too . 
  not just going to believe everything online . 
  not saying it is untrue , just waiting for a credible source . 
  i 'm not disputing that if you can provide a source to back it up ( talking about the american public , not his support base ) . 
  my issue was with your reasoning , not the statement itself . 
  you disregarded lines of reasoning and intentions in favour of your own view , i.e. 
  not voting means you must support the current president . 
  that is something i think is wrong . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant to the point i was making, 
  well yes obviously but that 's not what we were discussing . 
  we were discussing whether or not the majority of americans support trump . 
  these are two seperate issues . 
  in my opinion you 're falling victim to the fundamental attribution error . 
  people 's intentions absolutely do matter , whether you agree with them or not . 
  if people consciensly decided not to vote , they 're not doing it because they cant be bothered . 
  again , i do n't agree with it but you ca n't just go around attributing your own point of view and logic to other peoples ' actions and claim they acted from that . 
  that 's likely not their view , which is what really counts . 
  i get not wanting to choose between a power hungry embodiement of the status quo and a malicious dope . 
  i do n't agree with it , but i get it and i do n't think it 's fair to say they wanted this . 
   let 's say one of my sons would turn gay at the age of 19 and he would still live with me . 
  i would kick him out of my house . 
  and probably disown him . 
  and leave the rest to my other son etc you did ? 
  and that 's not a fucking excuse . 
  ah so you 're a horrible , self-centered person that would rather have his own family be homeless to protect their own shitty view of family than understand that homosexuality is genetic and natural . 
  i truly hope you never have kids , even if they are straight , as this type of thinking is pretty indicative of how you would treat them regardless of their sexual orientation .
