  is n't that just wonderful . 
  oh i do . 
  i have polish friends . 
  it 's despicable . 
  all i am saying is that people can and do change . 
  society slowly becomes better in my experience . 
  well i just hope that most of those searches are from kids and teen , not eligible voters, 
  you should go to a carnaval and use your awesome telepathic abilities to become rich he/she did answer your question btw . 
  are you serious ? 
  afterwards ? 
  not before ? 
  you had me until the last sentence . 
  why would they always look down on them ? 
  people can and do change . 
  it 's rather amazing how you can infer all that about op 's personality from just a little comment, 
  are you sure you responded to the right person ? 
  i 'm sure it can be done rather quick in the case of the uk , they obviously meet all the requirements and the eu really wants to trade with them, 
  that guy is hilarious . 
  i love british humor, 
  i 'm just explaining the reasoning behind the top comment , nothing more . 
  2nd means a country that was aligned with ussr in the cold war , people just use it wrong/it now has different connotations, 
  colloquially 2nd world refers to economic and human rights situations . 
  it 's technically wrong , but i 'd wager that 's what s/he was referring to, 
  i was n't bragging about shit dude and i already regret my edit of the last comment but the last part still stands , i am going fucking asshole without any knowledge of world history that 's what you are, 
  i kinda over reacted in this comment before editing . 
  long , really stressful day . 
  sorry about that . 
  i am just going to stop now , enjoy your day, 
  sure we 've always killed our poor the fuck kind off history do you learn . 
  whatever i do n't give a fuck, 
  i agree with the first part , but i am not the one starting to talk about the eu as if it is one the second part is just misleading . 
  the us has n't always been the richest and europe has also always had refugees and poor people . 
  plus the us is much , much bigger than any european nation so it does n't compare . 
  and , as you said , europe consist of many nations so broad comparisons do n't work, 
  the first point is true , but that 's the nature of the eu after the us , the eu combined has the largest defense budget in the world , which is n't enough and we rely a lot on the us but sure is n't nothing either aging populations are a problem in many places , not just the eu the eu has its problems , but it is also the biggest economy on the planet and growing , despite all the problems . 
  we sure as fuck are a rival to the us , atleast if you forget that we are strong allies, 
  only the fear of torture can get some useful information , other than that it is a loss not that i think we should torture people so we can use that fear, 
  misread not as now , sorry my bad, 
  it 's people like me that misread not as now , that is n't reading comprehesion , it 's a simple mistake, 
  same reason people from the country side where almost no muslims live are usually the hardest opponents to immigration and , in our case , wilders supporters . 
  people you do n't know are scary . 
  so you 're saying that france went from 5 million muslims to over 20 million in a couple of years ? 
  they would 've had to take in almost a quarter up to a half of all the refugees world wide ( depending on how you define refugees ) to account for such an increase in population due to refugees . 
  you understand that is complete bullshit , right ? 
  the graph talks about the population in a country , not a specific region , so it does make the public answer wrong what you gave is the reason they are wrong , which is logical because most people are n't that well informed , but it does n't make the answer correct, 
  or here in amsterdam, 
  i agree but i would n't call ibiza cheap , not by a long shot . 
  a fancy name for a brewery, 
  i do n't know dude . 
  i 've never met one of my countrymen that would n't admit our dark slave trading history , our explotation of natives and what not . 
  no one denies it , nor feels shame , because we did n't fucking live back then, 
  another example would be 10 homeless people and bill gates in a room . 
  the average person is now a millionaire , but 10 are still homeless, 
  what a load of shit . 
  have you ever actually been to a campus ? 
  because i am still confronted with ideas from every political stance every day . 
  i have to read both right wing and left wing political ideas , discuss them openly and when someone disagrees but on the basis of actual argument , no one just shouts or accusses them off anything this is n't the us where those safe spaces are becoming a thing . 
  you 've spend too much time on the internet looking for that shit . 
  normally people think it is a noble feature when someone , especially in the public arena , can admit they were wrong . 
  but not here , apparently . 
  i understand your point and the logic behind it , but i think it is based on a faulty assumtion that religion is about logic and literal interpretation of their holy text . 
  it is much more about feeling . 
  if christians interpreted their religion literally , they too would be terrorist . 
  but the thing is that almost no one does this . 
  when you blame islam as a whole , you 'll create a ` us vs them ' mentality . 
  even more muslims will be ostracized and vulnerable to brainwashing . 
  blaming islam as a whole will only make things worse . 
  what we must do is create a ` us vs them ' mentality , but not between indiginous western europeans and muslims , but between terrorists and everyone else . 
  we must * include * muslims in this . 
  emphasize their connection with us . 
  not give them the * feeling * that their religion is bad , evil and corrupt . 
  because that feeling will manifest into a hatred for the west . 
  in their mind , we are blaming them . 
  in their mind , it feels like we tell them that they are evil . 
  remember , people can usually not disconnect criticism of their religion from themselves now , i am not saying we should never criticize islam . 
  we definitely should do that . 
  we should criticize everything that holds even the slightest bit of authority . 
  it makes the west the west . 
  what we should n't do is blame islam for all terrorism , devide our society , and push muslims further away . 
  especially not in deradicalisation centres , because then those centers will be completely usless and only serve to ` prove ' the radicals right , in their own mind . 
  we should use islam against the terrorist , emphasize the not killing part , the peacefull cohabitants in many places etc etc. 
  only that approach will have a change of succeeding, 
  many of the younger kids being radicalized are essentially brainwashed . 
  they often feel ( sometimes rightfully ) ostricized by society and older dudes brainwash them into radical beliefs . 
  i know some of the would be terrorists that left for syria from dutch soil had pretty secular , non radical parents that were dumbfounded by their kids decisions . 
  hell , some even wanted to sue the goverment for not preventing their kid from leaving after they had informed the authorities that their child was being radicalized . 
  my point is that many of the radicals are being brainwashed into it . 
  hardballing them will not work . 
  that will just incite the `` boomerang effect '' , a psychological effect where people adopt opposing views to others trying to hardball them into something we have decades of experience in unbrainwashing someone . 
  this is , in many cases but definitely not all , no different . 
  it 's easy to talk tough , but it has been shown time and again that it does not work subtle influence to deradicalize is in many cases the superiour tactic, 
  well i guess that 's one way to never be wrong . 
  yes , i agree . 
  my point is that no one said that . 
  what was said is that everyone , in the right climate and under the right ideology , has the potential to become a nazi . 
  which is true . 
  you really did n't clearly make your point . 
  you 're being downvoted , i hope , because you randomly seemed to single out germans about nazis , seemed to blame their ethnicity , told people they had preconceived notions and could n't change . 
  your argument was really unclear . 
  you should have said something like `` all humans under the right circumstances can become nazis .
