  all that 's going to happen is that these people will be further ostracised and less integrated . 
  now banning the actual burqa , the one that completely covers the face and all , that i agree with but this simply looks like a woman that has clothes on and is wearing a head scarf, 
  hahahahaha haha hahahahaha hahaha haha ha, 
  let 's not forget that european countries still have their foreign policies , interests , culturele , people and sovereignty . 
  all of this complicates a unified military . 
  how can a military be effectively operated when all countries ca n't always agree . 
  it will destroy sovereignty of countries that might not want to go to war for example . 
  there are many advantages to having a unified military , but i do n't think it is feasible just yet . 
  there has to be a unified foreign policy among other things first , which basically means the eu has to be expanded tremendously first . 
  right , i 'm sure the european convention on human rights agrees with torture . 
  we can destroy our enemies , nothing wrong with that . 
  we do n't need torture to do it . 
  let 's throw out our values to defeat the people that hate our values . 
  great logic . 
  besides , torture produces useless information and you ca n't use fear against people that believe their war is holy and has devine sanctioning . 
  these people blow themselves up . 
  i doubt they 'll be scared of water boarding . 
  no worries !, 
  i was responding to people acting like we do n't have the freedom to discuss the idea that religion is bad and has to be abolished , whatever that means . 
  i said we have that freedom but it 's just that many people , myself included up to a point , do n't agree with that sentiment . 
  the evidence for this is the debates on tv , articles etc and the declining level of religiosity . 
  my comment has to be placed in the context of the comments above , as apart from that it makes no sense . 
  i hope that helps ? 
  the pope used to blame us for a lot of shit ? 
  no i do n't nor do i want to . 
  where did you infer i 'd want such a thing ? 
  i never implied it . 
  much better, 
  please be more vague, 
  we are perfectly able to discuss this openly and people argue for it all the time . 
  just because many people do n't agree with it does n't mean you ca n't openly discuss it . 
  this is perfectly evident by watching tv , debates and reading articles and seeing the declining rates of religiosity in the western world . 
  i 'm not stating the rehabilitation works . 
  i literally said i do not know if it does . 
  you 're the one making claims here , not me . 
  you 're stating that no one can ever come back from being brainwashed , proof it . 
  i 'm going to need a source on that because it sounds like complete nonsense . 
  either that or a logical , informed argument rather than assumptions and statements . 
  it simply is n't true that brainwashed people never return to their former self . 
  they will probably have troubles due to it their whole life , but there are cases of people coming back to reality . 
  this includes former radicalised islamists that have seen the flaw in their ways . 
  reversing brainwashing is really difficult and i am not sure we can do it with any efficiency and that maybe it can only happen naturally , but saying it never happens is n't factual . 
  but of course everything here in the west is simply described by the few sentences you wrote , which is totally representative of the truth, 
  people in that kind of position often get off on power . 
  it is n't necessarily that they have secret homosexual tendencies ( of course , they might have those anyway ) , but they 're getting off on the power they have over their victim . 
  in my country it is considered to be stupid and especially hollow to apologise for something you did n't do . 
  guilt and blame by association is * not * a good thing . 
  it is two sides of the same coin with racism and discrimination and completely unlogical . 
  some random attacks is n't might . 
  might is rolling into another country with tanks and destroying their military . 
  i 'm not sure whether you 're a troll or just dumb as fuck and applying american logic and arguments to a completely unrelatable context, 
  that is a good point . 
  however i would still like to see some actual data or evidence of the uk 's obstructions rather than just hear say and public opinion, 
  i 've seen that sentiment a lot but for as far as i know it just is n't true . 
  if anyone can back it up i 'll stand corrected but i do n't think that will happen . 
  brexit might cause a stronger europe but not because the uk was an obstacle . 
  rather because other countries and the eu are scared that more states might leave and to prevent that , leaders might want to strengthen the bonds . 
  not much . 
  this idea that the uk was blocking any change is n't true . 
  statistically the uk did n't vote against more legislation than the other states . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't look for the source but i believe they voted the same as most other western members . 
  the people may have been more eurosceptical and the politicians in their rethoric as well , but the voting on eu legislation tells another story , for as far as i know atleast . 
  the universal rule is that comments under any news site and youtube video are for entertainment . 
  it 's like going to the zoo to see monkeys fling shit at each other . 
  is the article seriously quoting buzzfeed ? 
  i mean , it seems like a decent article , so why the fuck would they be quoting buzzfeed ? 
  crime often comes from poverty , hate is usually a by-product, 
  fear and loath me, 
  the first part of your comment often leads to the lower part of your comment . 
  that is inherent to capitalism , unless the government intervenes but too many people automatically see that as communism, 
  yeah , but too few understand that . 
  atleast among the nay sayers . 
  i 've heard it said that `` they destroyed their country and now want us to pay for the repairs '' ... no the war is because they wanted to move towards us , not the other way around recently had an argument with someone that though assad was elected and the syrian people had created their own doom . 
  when i explained that assad is a dictator he said well , why do n't they do something about it . 
  when i explained that that is what the entire goddamn war is about , he just said they still deserved what happens for some reason people can be so fucking stupid it hurts, 
  i 'm pretty sure any big corporation knows about the low taxes in ireland . 
  and the brain lives in the cities ? 
  we just recently had a referendum on the eu-ukraine association agreement and people said no . 
  when you talk with any of these people it is because 1 ) they thought it was whether or not ukraine should join the eu , 2 ) they want to protest our government , 3 ) they want to protest the eu , 4 ) something something putin and mh17 they have absolutely no fucking idea what they vote no to , why ukraine wants this agreement , the history behind it or the probable consequences of it . 
  luckily it 's only a advisory referendum and not binding . 
  the point is so many people do n't know what the fuck is going on and just follow their feelings of discontent and want to kick against something . 
  representative democracy is way better . 
  there is a reason we pay people to think about this shit 24/7 . 
  advisory referendums are fine , but at the end of the day i really think direct democracy is n't feasible . 
  the world economy and politics are way too complicated for that . 
  that is n't surprising , he seems to know a lot . 
  i have something to watch now , so thanks for that, 
  i 'll give that a go, 
  hahaha , so is this guy a historian or anything ? 
  what a fucking legend, 
  that was really interesting , thank you, 
  that 's an unbelievable amount of explosives, 
  good article , thanks for linking it, 
  that sounds pretty annoying . 
  big cultural difference with us then , here there is no such element . 
  atleast it is n't pervasive . 
  the main reason gb needs to leave asap is because the current situation causes uncertainty in the markets , which is bad for everyone, 
  i fucking hate to see britain suffer like this because people just do n't know what the fuck they are doing . 
  good god man , how can they be so fucking dense ? 
  britain is out because of idiots .
