  then you 'll cry for ever wanting us gone !, 
  true but that is a completely different plan from the former one this plan will revitalize the area as a nature preservation and tourist/leasure destination ( and increase fish life and the industries connected to that ) . 
  the former plan would 've destroyed it . 
  you 'll care when we stop paying your bills though !, 
  so a dutchie did n't want to fuck you and hurt your feelings . 
  got it . 
  biggest seaport of europe one of the biggest airports founding member of the eu involved in many diplomatic endeavours involved many humanitarian crises and solutions huge trading country huge oil refiner big innovator in science , engineering and medicine one of the best health care systems in the world first country to accept gay marriage i can go on but just see this ( which is like the biggest or second biggest page on wikipedia ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dutch_inventions_and_discoveries, 
  a shit load of high quality ecstasy, 
  same thing , just colder, 
  dude the other commenter was agreeing with you , just pointing that out, 
  they will be soon , looking at this trend . 
  what ? 
  much better . 
  thank you . 
  ah yes , propagande with completely opposite views of point from different artists . 
  obviously well directed and meant to convince us of one single point of view . 
  dude only we can call ourselves neanderthals , it 's offensive if you do it, 
  okay , i 'll try and give an example . 
  assume there are 100 attacks in a year , but most go unreported . 
  now 10 of these attacks were on polish people . 
  media selects what they report on an assumption of what is interesting for the public during that time . 
  this is done based on the current discourse surrounding different topics . 
  one of these topics is brexit and xenophobia . 
  within this discourse we have different connotations and assumptions in our minds . 
  we have schemes that help us understand the world with automatic responses . 
  in the discourse of brexit these connotations and assumptions are often ` racism ' , ` xenophobia ' etc. 
  now the media needs ratings so they 'll report on what is interesting , which in our case is the allegedly ethnically motivated attack on polish people . 
  they do n't report on all the other attacks because it is n't seen as interesting enough to help with the ratings within the current narrative . 
  so now there is unbalanced reporting in the media . 
  in our minds when we hear this reporting we automatically use the schemes related to brexit and assume racism and xenophobia , not even paying hommage to all the other attacks which show an underlying problem of violence in general rather than hatred for poles . 
  this creates a self fulfilling cycle of confirmation of our preexisting schemes and assumptions , which furthers the narrative and discourse , which furthers the interest of media to select on what they report , which again confirms our biases . 
  but of course , this is just what might be the case . 
  it could be not true at all and there might be a huge problem with violence targeting poles specifically . 
  but for this , we need actual statistics . 
  this is the reason they are so incredibly important , because we as a species are so vulnerable to biases , assumptions and automatic , unthinking responses . 
  this is not worse than the attacks in any way . 
  depending on the framing it could be simply trying to explore alternative explanations . 
  framing and selection by the media can and does portray many things in a wrong way , this is know . 
  it could be the case here . 
  now , i 'm not saying this is the case . 
  i honestly think that the years of rhetoric led to these attacks , which is in the xenophobic mind now legitimised by brexit . 
  however you and i are both not british , and if there are british people claiming that these attacks happen all the time regardless of the ethnicity of the victim and now they happen to be polish , then we should consider those claims to be important . 
  i 'm not the person you originally replied to , just letting you know, 
  i 'm not arguing whether or not it 's right wing thing now , but you ca n't really use nazi germany and soviet russia as examples when discussing current political tendencies in a particular western nation . 
  the whole political dynamic is completely different . 
  all this really shows is that a simple right-left wing dichotomy is nonsense really . 
  that is all correct , but the point made is that without these tax rates and deals apple would 've never been in ireland . 
  a little tax is more than no tax . 
  that and it creates job which pay income tax . 
  i 'm not defending dodging taxes on a massive scale , but it is correct to state that our governments ( ireland , netherlands etc ) profit from this . 
  when i saw the painting of the grote markt i was really surprised that it looks exactly the same as it does now . 
  i mean of course i knew how old it all was , but i lived maybe 500 metres away from it and you just never think about it if that 's the case . 
  pretty awesome . 
  considering that that has absolutely nothing to do with the video or anything in this thread , i just assumed that you made a mistake there and my comment was mainly aimed at eu-bots part . 
  guess i gave you too much credit . 
  a greek telling the dutch we leech of the uk . 
  i would 've never thought i 'd see something as stupid as that . 
  just like the british , our sense of humor is taking the piss out of everything . 
  it 's just banter mate . 
  i do n't think you know what assumptions are, 
  the moment you use the phrase you people , without actually knowing me , my political stand or where i am from you lose all credibility . 
  keep making assumptions . 
  i have no idea where you got the idea that i said that . 
  i was making fun of the first commenter implying there is somehow something wrong with being a student by highlighting their defining activities and calling them assholes for it . 
  if someone things like that , then yes , exactly like that . 
  i 'm sure not all remainers think like that though . 
  well thanks for clarifying , i certainly did n't understand what the point of studying was before . 
  i will go stuy more now , maybe i 'll even learn how to not make a typo . 
  you want to bet zyvron , i 'm not taking this action . 
  i just want to know who has to pay up in 2 years, 
  you have the right to protest in a democracy you twat, 
  ah yes , those assholes spending their time * learning * and * stuying * , devoting time to try and and stop one of the biggest mistakes the uk has recently made . 
  how dare they . 
  you 're just assuming things because you 're incapable of understanding that people with different political views might actually have real concerns based on rational thought and want to partake in their democracy . 
  you can assume that anyone you disagree with is an idiotic leftist that likes to deface war memorials all you want , but it sure does n't make you come off as someone capable of having a productive political conversation . 
  2 years `` betting 1,000 '', 
  i 'm not british but i can imagine the dynamics between the ` big city ' and countryside are similar to most other places . 
  it seems to me most people from the countryside , the ones that voted leave , will just see this as ` those arrogant assholes from the city ' that do n't represent the country or something like that . 
  i can imagine these people would maybe listen more if they could relate to the protesters , as in when it was anywhere besides london . 
  but fuck if i know , as i said i 'm not british, 
  charlie hebdo gained international fame due to the attacks and subsequent show of support . 
  due to that they are in the spotlight , and people will now see everything they do . 
  this includes people that dislike this stuff . 
  however that does n't mean that the people complaining about their stuff were the same ones that were showing support after the attacks or defending freedom of speech , it just means that more people now see it and responds , in whatever fashion suits them best . 
  also there is nothing wrong with calling this out as bad taste if you think that that is the case . 
  you can defend freedom of speech and show your disdain for cartoons like this without being a hypocrite . 
  you 'd only be a hypocrite the moment you 're trying to actually silence charlie hebdo because they posted something you do n't like . 
  the sad thing is that i ca n't even tell if you 're joking anymore, 
  do you a source to back that up ? 
  i believe the us is currently growing faster than us , but that does n't mean they 're going to surpass us because our markets are also gaining strength again, 
  that 's because this is what the eu is supposed to be for . 
  economic unity and gains for member states . 
  it 's originally an economic bloc , so it is n't surprising that it excells at anything economic . 
  you have to be equally careful that you do n't accidentally recruit huge amounts of racist people that ca n't distinguish between terrorists and law abiding immigrants , as that too only furthers polarisation and terrorism . 
  a bit late , but that 's what i meant . 
  just to let you know . 
  with the exception of bike helmets and stuff on the road , obviously . 
  exactly . 
  christians do n't do this either but very few people seem to have a problem with them cherry picking , but when muslims do it , it is somehow illogical . 
  tbh i find it nonsense and rather sad this is being banned .
