  do n't think we have passed that danger yet , and do n't believe you are immune to it '' . 
  that would probably have gone over a lot better . 
  i even agree that people that think that they are not capable of such things and that believe our society is ` too advanced ' for such things , are especially susceptible for it . 
  the dude did n't say it in the best manner , but that is not what was said at all . 
  he said everyone has * the capacity * to be a nazi , which every psychologist , sociologist and historian would agree with . 
  nazis , communists , maoists , they were all normal people , and we are too . 
  this is n't an attack on anyone at all , it simply means we are not free of the dangers of authoritarianism . 
  i already admitted that point, 
  sure , but we do n't know if the people that died supported him . 
  my comment might have been a bit hyperbolic , but i just feel like in cases such as this that showing solidarity is a good thing . 
  on the one hand i agree . 
  russians are europeans and we should show solidarity with them . 
  citizens have fuck all to do with the power plays of politicians and leaders and we should show solidarity regardless . 
  on the other is russia , and has done for decades , threatening and invading other europeans . 
  it is not difficult to see why people show less solidarity with and sympathy for russia . 
  i do n't agree with it , because as i said i believe this is n't on your average citizen , but let 's not act all surprised and as if we do n't understand where it comes from . 
  that source says nothing about banning kurdish symbols . 
  the eu does n't even have a policy on this . 
  that 's up to individual member states . 
  most have been deporting migrants in the tens of thousands , and have very strict policies on who can stay . 
  but do n't let facts get in the way of your opinions . 
  absolutely . 
  i consider the telegraaf as a tabloid rather than an actual paper . 
  ad is n't great either , but it 's better than the telegraaf imo . 
  oh i agree and understand that i 'm exposed to certain outlets more , which is why i said that too often the frontpages i 'm exposed to are like caricatures . 
  hitler was vegetarian so all vegetarians are fascists . 
  british headlines and frontpages too often read like caricatures of newspapers . 
  atleast those that i get to see . 
  we 're just honest you bunch of lying bastards, 
  the question obviously was what events in history have led to this situation . 
  everything is a result of history . 
  depends on if they leave schengen or not, 
  you are correct , it 's the same show . 
  they also made this sketch on refugees https://youtu.be/rjj1jcaffcm, 
  arjen lubach does n't do the voice overs , he 's the show 's host, 
  good thing that that was n't being said then, 
  great video on this https://youtu.be/_afo_bv-uzi, 
  they shook hands on camera when she arrived so this is just nonsense, 
  trap er niet in !, 
  they do n't , it 's just more news worthy when they do so it 's all you hear about, 
  i feel so bad for the sane , secular turks with all this going on . 
  it 's a shame to see turkey go down like this . 
  they 're simply called progressive liberals, 
  fair enough , and i respect the fact that you can concede points . 
  have a nice day . 
  it was a joke . 
  i was saying the sgp does n't want to allow women to vote . 
  why the hell do you think they lost so many seats ? 
  furthermore there are different levels and different issues that they go along with , meaning you ca n't just say pvda did n't go along with all motions so they do the same thing as the pvv are you just going to take the whataboutism route or actually address the points i raised ? 
  maybe read your own sources ? 
  the article clearly outlines them going against social motions , sometimes supporting them , but more often voting along with the vvd . 
  did you just read the title ? 
  here 's another examination of pvv voting behaviour . 
  https://decorrespondent.nl/6208/de-pvv-is-economisch-helemaal-niet-links-integendeel/373481344192-92be8b24 they are not socially left . 
  sure they shout about elderly and sometimes randomly want to help some people , but they take predominantly rightwing stances on these issues . 
  you just keep on bending yourself over backwards trying to make protect your view of geert as being there for the common man, 
  i 'm surprised that the women that like the sgp 's values even voted , seeing as they are women and all, 
  pretty damn impressive, 
  / r/nottheonion or for my fellow dutch / r/nietdespeld, 
  yes and good luck with convincing the general population and politicians of it 's safety and benefits in all other countries . 
  as i said , i am all for nuclear . 
  but the fact of the matter is that without popular support it 's not going to happen , and we need clean energy now . 
  so everything that helps getting is great fucking news . 
  i 'm all for nuclear . 
  but let 's be practical , there is too much resistance by the population for it to safe us . 
  we need * every * approach toward clean energy * now * . 
  we do n't have the luxury of arguing over what type is best anymore . 
  there is no time to convince the general population . 
  this will provide clean energy to * 80 million * people . 
  that is fucking huge , that 's the population of germany . 
  we need that . 
  without knowing anything of the potential size of this problem , i 'm going to go ahead and think that it 's better to have some of them die in these turbines than let the oceanic ecosystem collapse due to acidification and have them all starve to death, 
  ah , that 's true, 
  i know you 're referring to trump , but this guy has been in parlement for 18 years using the same tactics . 
  it 's nothing new for us . 
  orange is probably the vvd , which is the rightwing liberals, 
  it really is the major benefit from not having a first past the vote system . 
  we should n't let our guard down though , very unlikely things can still happen and this is just my opinion as one person . 
  on another note , there was no representation from d66 ( progressive liberals ) or the vvd ( classical liberals ) there ? 
  d66 was out in full force over here . 
  he might get the most seats , although he is losing ground . 
  i 'm not too worried however , i 'll copy my comment i just made in / r/worldnews we take proportional representation to a new level . 
  we 're looking at a coalition government with up to 5 parties this year . 
  most large parties have pledged not to form a government with wilders , so even if he gains the most seats he is unlikely to be able to form a majority coalition . 
  this has happened multiple times before in post wwii politics . 
  on top of that , i suspect that wilders does not want to form a coalition . 
  he is actively avoiding the public eye , has no plan and his promises would involve completely overhauling our constitution and creating a police force for the sole purpose of religious persecution . 
  he knows this is impossible ( thank god it is ) , and so if he were to rule he 'd have to comprise on his key points . 
  this would completely destroy his position among his following - he 'd become just another politician in their eyes . 
  wilders likes it where he is just fine , where he can shout and drag the mainstream ever more to the right . 
  he shined in his absence from recent debates , as now actual issues were discussed in a civil manner . 
  i 'm most afraid of wilders because he makes people so scared that they will do anything to keep him from becoming the largest party , culminating in strategic voting for the vvd , the party from our current prime minister rutte , meaning we have a government that is not there because all people want them the most , but because some people hate them the least . 
  i 'm red cross fundraiser . 
  i think dutch people are really generous in donating money . 
  the cheap dutch people stereotype is wrong when it comes to this in my opinion . 
  no please do n't . 
  i like living by the water and love being able to swim in the summer !, 
  pls leave my lake alone !, 
  let 's polder the north sea instead !, 
  the markermeer , a lake in the middle of the netherlands , is apparently really innovative .
