without veto power the un would 've never existed . 
  for all its faults , the un is still a major force for peace in the world going arguably as far as preventing another major war , wwiii perhaps even, 
  not only refuse it , claim they will send it and then never do . 
  tactics are n't shit if you expect air support and then it just does n't show up . 
  i am not trying to claim the dutch are n't responsible too , but we sure as fuck are n't the only ones . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about or how it is related to what i said, 
  well we have to eat bro i heard one claim they wanted to sell less to up prices and have the eu pay for everything they werent selling though . 
  that seems like a fucked up request . 
  you want us to pay more and then still pay you for shit you do n't sell through taxes ? 
  money does n't come from nowhere, 
  protestesting is usually really well protected here . 
  driving a fucking tractor into the police is n't really a part of that though . 
  i 'd pay to watch that shit, 
  how many refused food ? 
  i only saw a handful doing that so i try not to generalise . 
  besides the conditions they were in there were n't exactly great either, 
  yep . 
  and lets not fucking mirror them shall we ? 
  last time i checked we did n't have to follow the example of fucking qatar and other slave owning , women raping fucked in the head dictatorships . 
  jordan has 1.5 million refugees while only having a populance of 6 million . 
  eqypt has taking hundreds of thousands . 
  those countries ca n't take anymore . 
  if we send more to them , they 'll fail aswell . 
  goddamn i though we would be able to just as much as fucking jordan . 
  it appears i am wrong . 
  europe is fragile , eh ? 
  looking for the place where tou are least likely to be kicked out , best possibility of being taken care of , the populance is more welcoming and less violent and there are less fellow refugees does not not make you a refugee . 
  it makes you a human that thinks if we go the extra mile my family wont have to live in conditions that are still way worse than anything you and i are used to . 
  no they do n't for fucks sake . 
  arab countries are taking them , i just told you . 
  those that do n't are fucked up countries and lets not take their example . 
  since when does europe have to compare itself with countries like qatar . 
  i for one think we are better than that but you apparantly think we should strive to be like those fucked up places . 
  i 'd love some statistics about this shit about opportunists . 
  opportunists usually do n't endanger their life to get somewhere . 
  this is just fucking bullshit many are shouting so they can refusee to help without sounding like they hate people fleeing war . 
  europe has seen worse . 
  jesus dude this the biggest economy in the world with over 740,000,000 inhabitants . 
  we can handle some refugees . 
  ~ ~ lebanon ~ ~ jordan has 10x the amount of syrian refugees . 
  we can take this . 
  i have literally never heard anyone say that . 
  that is a strawman . 
  i guess they must exist , media usually focusses on majorities though so i do n't know much about that, 
  i never said we have to take them all in . 
  even without war , people can have their life in danger . 
  not making enough in some places means starving to death there are more than one dead kid here so let 's not pretend they all have the same reason for coming most refugees are in lebanon , egypt and turkey , not europe so it is n't like we are doing this alone those countries ca n't help more people though and so some come here which is understandable enough . 
  people do n't risk their lifes for nothing and do n't act like there are n't good reasons to try and reach places that are capable and willing to help you, 
  this does not not make them refugees . 
  they are looking for a place with opportunities and the capability of taking them in . 
  it is n't strange they are looking for rich places because those places usually are better suited to help them . 
  seriously i do n't understand how people can look at them after they just put their life at risk and lost their children running from isis and the likes and say `` those are not refugees , they want to go to germany for fucks sake '' . 
  so horrible they 'll endanger themselves and their children to risk getting here . 
  or have n't you seen the photo 's of dead children washing ashore . 
  they want to get to germany because they are all going their and have the least change of being kicked out plus the best change at a humane life . 
  ca n't fault them for trying that . 
  these people are mostly fleeing a horrible war . 
  they 'll keep trying untill they succeed, 
  anyone i know that has ever tried said it was really hard . 
  our grammar is really complex and non logical with bullshit rules that you can only hear naturally if you 're native but the pronounciation is the really hard part even my dad , a german , had troubles learning it even though we are just swamp germans speaking a language really similar to german . 
  it makes it harder because everyone here speaks english . 
  when we hear someone struggle with our language we 'll just switch , making it harder for people trying to learn to practise and find the motivation to learn this difficult language because they can already speak with everyone ( save for small children and some elderly ), 
  sounds logical enough , right ? 
  haha yeah that is the one . 
  considering i 'm planning on being one i really ought to know that, 
  great , many people do generalise so it 's awesome you have the insight not to, 
  sorry you had a bad experience here . 
  most people are really helpful , though they might seem a bit rude at first that is just our way kf communicating . 
  really , we are a really helpfull people . 
  i hope you do n't let some bureacrat asshole at an ambassy skew your view of us as a whole, 
  it sure sounds like they overreacted but if i understand you correctly there was , if you decided to study here , no real problem with getting in ? 
  because that was the part that i thought was really weird haha ps out of interest , where did you get that degree from ? 
  i do n't exactly follow what you wanted them to certify . 
  do you mean your previously acquired degrees or the one you were thinking about getting here ? 
  this is a strange story to hear though . 
  we are trying to be as internationally active in this area as possible so it is strange they would n't complay, 
  inter europen mobility is being made possible by conforming degrees though . 
  we used to call a master degree holder a ` dokter anders ' , now it is just a master of science like in most places i know i can use either my ba or my ma without any problems in germany atleast , and i believe more countries are doing this, 
  at my first internship , where i worked with children , the work was pretty low skill level ( hence a first internship ) . 
  i worked with an woman from i believe iran who had a master degree . 
  all she was allowed to do was make handcraft things with little children . 
  she had been in holland for years yet spoke pretty good dutch . 
  which is fucking impressive because dutch is * hard * to learn . 
  she also spoke english , which makes learning dutch harder by order of magnitude . 
  my ` coordinator ' ( she had no idea what she was doing . 
  we were better at the work and theory behind it than she was despite being first year students ) was so fucking patronizing to her . 
  saying how incredible it was she spoke dutch and that ` her ' people should take example and what not . 
  now you might think she was right and she was to a degree , but the way she talked about her . 
  she talked * about * her when she was present . 
  the assumption was just this woman had to be an idiot because of where she was from . 
  she had a fucking master degree but was assumed to be an idiot . 
  idk what my point here is . 
  just wanted to share this because it still makes me mad . 
  you truly have no idea why these people are refugees do you, 
  jesus dude you really think this will ever happen ? 
  you think it is going to come that far ? 
  get of that fear mongering bullshit man, 
  somehow i think a continent with more than 740,000,000 inhabitants and the largest economy in the world will be just fine besides it 's not like all these people want to stay . 
  when they can , many will want to or have to go home . 
  and then there is the fact that many people are already leaving europe .
