  immagration experts agree that there is no real danger to europe . 
  we are incredibly , filthy rich despite the troubles in eu . 
  we are more than capable of helping the refugees . 
  horrible view of the world but not specific or more common in this time . 
  this has been a common mindset among people for as long as our species exist, 
  they are also luky we do n't really have much of a tabloid culture . 
  paparazzi and the like are much less common . 
  most people react to seeing a celebrity by pointing them out to friends and moving along with their day, 
  koningsdag does n't really represent our liking of our royality though . 
  it is for most people just an excuse to get wasted and act crazy , not about showing their love to our king, 
  i have never had a bike stolen nor have i stolen one i 'm pretty sure most bikes i 've owned were stolen though , my current one is i know for sure but if i need a bike in a new city and get offered one for free i am not going to complain, 
  except that we are no longer a republic but rather an constitutional monarchy now haha , we reverted back one might say and you are right about that point of being an oligarchy rather than a true democracy, 
  the us was still hardly the first ` modern ' republic though . 
  we formed our first one in 1581 after breaking free from the spanis , in part for the same reason the us did . 
  taxes . 
  i think everyone on this sub knows about the french revolution though, 
  i 'm fairly sure it was a joke, 
  i know they 're taking in a lot of refugees from syria . 
  ten times the amount we are doing as a matter of fact . 
  so , i think that is pretty awesome . 
  other than that , i honestly know nothing of the place, 
  how the fuck can you say something like this like it is something to be proud off jesus fucking christ dude, 
  this is true but short sighted . 
  climate change and air pollution disproportionally affects poor people . 
  in the end anything that counters this helps poor people the most , since they are the ones that lose the most in the future we 're heading to if we do n't take action . 
  the moon helps us getting to mars because it is full or resources and has way less gravity , meaning it is easier to shoot shit to mars from there, 
  what a load of shit, 
  the naive interviewer is even a technique thaught in university . 
  there is no point in a interviewer showing what they know , the point is to make sure an unknowing audience learns, 
  i guess that must be it then, 
  eh , this is more of a guideline than a rule . 
  i 've been biking without light for the last 10 + years and only got a ticket once , from a couple of cops that were obviously just from the acadamy and i live in the randstad so it is n't like there are n't any cops around . 
  they just do n't give a fuck and do n't want to bother with the paperwork, 
  hey !, 
  do n't fuck up the stereotypes we can make fun off !, 
  so do a shitload of other things but it is completely irrelevant here, 
   cannabis addict what the fuck has weed to with this or do you actually believe the weed will make you a terrorist bullshit ? 
  we have a fuck ton of them , most are for sale though . 
  we 're pretty big arms dealers, 
  the un probably does . 
  i am sure place like north korea , saudi arabia and eritrea would be on it , to name a few, 
  the antimedia is notoriously bad though . 
  there is a huge difference between say them and al jazeera , the washington post or the guardian . 
  sure everyone has their bias , and you can never assume any outlet always has the truth , but there is a huge difference between sources with a degree of actual fact checking going on ( not talking about the online opinion sections here ) and the antimedia, 
  it is because both our countries consistently rank among atleast the top 5 in basically everything that counts ( safety , quality of life , education , stuff like that ) , together with sweden and denmark , but in multiple things you guys take home the cake so we just compare ourselves to you and when we do better , we know we do really well . 
  you drink more coffee though , which is pretty impressive and might explain where you get all the energy from to beat us !, 
  ahead of the world but behind finland , which is basically the reason for this meme !, 
  that my country is tiny compared to other places and we are basically a thinly populated city , rather than a densly populated country, 
  do you think coal plants look better ? 
  because i really do n't , but it 's usually one or the other . 
  i 'd rather have 20 windmills than one coal plant to look at . 
  plus the goddamn smoke , that 's real polution right there , including horizon pollution, 
  as a dutchman , all i can say is fuck us for fucking up our national team . 
  it 's a goddamn embarressment . 
  you deserve a good derby . 
  how canadian can you get ? 
  we hateful europeans could learn something from you !, 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  so they allow a rally and then beat up the organizer ? 
  meaning that in effect a rally is never really allowed ? 
  so they demolish it , resell , and make profit ? 
  how do the people react to such a thing ? 
  a reply above you said it might have to do with corruption around those permits , what 's your opinion on that ? 
  here , i 'll qoute it :  corruption probably . 
  in my home city each new mayor starting their term used to demolish significant number of small shops and markets on grounds of their permits given illegally in protected location , then sold permits for new shops in the same locations . 
  in this case the city claims that these shops were in illegal location without permit , even though some of them did have permit . 
  why ? 
  when you click on the comment at the bottom all these options show : arrow up , arrow down , and after that these three point on top of each other . 
  click on those points and then the option save will appear on your screen !, 
  this is if you 're using the reddit is fun app , otherwise i do n't know, 
  fyi you can safe comments on reddit , that way you do n't have to search back through your comment history for things you want to watch !, 
  you had it for a good reason . 
  it is the same mentality . 
  this is why the justice system is ( supposed to be ) blind and we have innocent untill proven guilty . 
  society changes really fast but our predisposition to this kind of thinking does not . 
  we all have inherent psychological faults that can turn extremely dangerous in the right social conditions . 
  this is why pschology and sociology are still extremely important and i think everyone should learn about the basics in high school . 
  they only see shit they want to confirm what they already believe . 
  this is getting huge amounts of attention . 
  oh and lets forget that many people were inciting riots ... 
  i 'm not even defending the police in all of these cases but fuck dude lets keep some perspective instead of a completely one sided view, 
  they do , but do n't let the truth get in the way . 
  that 's what confirmation bias is for !, 
  it really is n't true . 
  amsterdam is just a huge party capital . 
  people from all over the country and the world go there to party and go insane . 
  they take drugs and piss it put skewing the numbers . 
  that and recreational drug use is pretty common in the netherlands . 
  ecstasy and other party drugs are n't seen as horrible by a lot of people . 
  using it every now and then does n't make people think you are a junkie or anything the techno scence is huge over here and i know very little people that have never tried ecstasy for example . 
  this is usually harmless experimentation which is n't really condemend by most . 
  it has been proven that cannabis is not a gateway drug . 
  drug usage is no higher in the netherlands on average from any other country where drugs are illegal with the exception of ecstasy . 
  even weed is not used more here . 
  tourism plays a huge part in way these cities are so high on that map, 
  [ germany has the best humor ] ( http://funnybot.co.uk/assets/images/funnybot.png ), 
  this sums up a large part of our country, 
  i do n't know in what country you are , but here some people had the police come over for tweets about refugees . 
  they were telling people to get the ski masks and go ` protest ' .
