  plus we were there for years . 
  we rotate troops every 3 to 6 months , meaning many more actually served there . 
  i do n't see what the size of my countries ' military has to do with it , i was talking about the eu as a whole . 
  i 'd never we think we could hold of the russians alone because , well , i 'm not stupid . 
  besides i doubt all russian troops have combat experience . 
  we seem to have trailed off topic a bit here , but i 'm going to go sleep now . 
  enjoy the rest of your evening . 
  they were conducting raids on enemy positions and controlling a large area . 
  there was upheaval about how this was n't supposed to happen in a police action , but it did . 
  as for the air lift , i know nothing about that particular event, 
  all i can speak for is my own country , the netherlands . 
  we had 2,000 troops and a couple of attack helicopters in afghanistan and they were there fighting, 
   even on the sharp end , majority of missions in afghanistan were police action , rushing a lightly defended hamlet and whisking away a suspect or two , and those were accomplished by the americans . 
  the fight in afghanistan was definitely not against a well-prepared , well-trained enemy . 
  but your making it out like there was n't any actual fighting . 
  there was . 
  my own country had 2,000 troop there , apaches , constant military operations , fighting , lost 23 men . 
  we held uruzgan for a couple of years and that is n't simply sitting around and doing nothing while waiting for the americans . 
   iraq was boycotted by the major continental states . 
  aside from the uk army , the only european units who have any battle experience are special operations forces . 
  the uk is still part of the eu , so i count them with our current forces . 
  that will obviously change , though . 
  you 're also ignoring the french actions in mali . 
  they send 4,000 troops to fight islamic terrorists , of which up to a 1,000 have been killed ( not by the french alone , obviously ) . 
  again , i 'm not saying europe is in its best shape . 
  but we have to stop acting like russia can just waltz over us . 
  european forces also continuously train at high levels , something which i doubt was true at the same degree for ukrainian forces . 
   nobody in their right mind attacks a stronger enemy at inopportune time . 
  what we 've seen from russians these last few years is that they are very adept at sowing discord , obfuscating their actions just the right amount , so that the complacent western politicians can wilfully ignore their aggression and then grabbing whatever it is they want . 
  they obviously wo n't start with a blitzkrieg across the baltic states . 
  if they are doing that it means they 've already undermined eu and nato enough for that to not count as a risky move . 
  i absolutely agree with this , which is basically my point . 
  i 'm trying to say that whatever the outcome of any sort of war would be , it would be too costly for putin to ever consider . 
  unless of course , the eu and nato break up . 
  then we 're fucked . 
  sure , but the russians face those problems too . 
  their military is in no way prepared for such a war . 
  we have operational experience too . 
  eu members are constantly involved in military operations . 
  i never said the eu is currently in a great shape militarily . 
  but we are too strong for the russians to attack without the loses being way too big for putin to have anything to gain that can outweigh that . 
  i get your point but i disagree . 
  if a eu member was attacked , i do believe all countries would immediately send troops . 
  in this case everyone knows what will happen if they do n't . 
  and history does not disprove this , as there has never been a construction like the eu before , this level of cooperation and interdependence between nations is unheard of and considering we 've never experienced any serious attack as a collective , we ca n't use historical examples . 
  besides even if some countries opt out , the combined force would still pose a gigantic counter to russia and again , putin is n't stupid . 
  he would lose way too much in any scenario . 
  combined the eu has a larger army than the russians the eu has a military budget of over 225 billion dollars , the russian budget is is less than 70 billion dollars . 
  the eu has almost 2 million active military personnel , russia has just over 750,000 . 
  even without great britain we spend more and have more personnel , with economies that are much more able to back up any sort of conflict . 
  russia has way more nukes , but they have no balistic missile defence systems , so they would never use them as a couple hundred of our nukes can destroy their country just as much as their thousands can destroy us . 
  putin is n't stupid , he knows attacking the eu , with or without nato , is suicide . 
  he wont do shit . 
  you do n't understand how large and diverse those areas are , do you ? 
  besides , lots of people do migrate to those areas . 
  north africa is a huge destination for sub-saharan workers and asians , europeans and americans migrate to the middle east for work as well . 
  just because that does n't fit your narrative , does not mean it is n't true . 
  the gulf stream slowing down is a theorised effect of climate change , so what the hell are you talking about ? 
  it 's our diabolical long-term economic plan . 
  flood the world , many need dikes or land has to be reclaimed , who do you hire ? 
  the dutch , that 's who . 
  oh and some bratwurst if you can !, 
  you can have this one bro , you can have this one . 
  not much . 
  bring some beer . 
  damn it, 
  i 'm from holland so that 's what i call it anyway, 
  pls no, 
  everyone speaks atleast dutch and english . 
  a significant portion speaks german , especially to the east . 
  a large portion speaks french , although much less than the other ones . 
  but we ca n't forget the large immigrant population that speaks turkish , morrocan , arabic , polish or other languages . 
  3.2 seems high , but not impossible . 
  although i 'm guessing this is based on self-reported numbers , and i think way too many people think they speak french when they can really only ask for directions or a drink . 
  pvda is a labour party , not socialist . 
  sp is the socialist party . 
  not to be pedantic , but maternity leave for men is called paternity leave, 
  you 're fucking retarded . 
  oh great fucking counter point . 
  just stabbing people is absolutely normal . 
  that 's because limburg is esentially just a foreign land . 
  no one ever stabbed someone in croatia . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/4a/04/cb/4a04cbc24379bf4ccbfb62e20b803237--postcards.jpg ) is what you 're talking about . 
  the one in the op looks completely different . 
  i was in france last week and i relaxed just fine . 
  france is a normal country so stop spreading this bullshit because you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about and read scary articles on reddit, 
  increased reporting does not equal increased occurance . 
  [ jongeren steeds acceptereder ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/01/15/homoacceptatie-jongeren-hoger-maar-homos-merken-het-nog-niet-a1419478 ) [ nederlanders steeds accepterender ] ( https://www.trouw.nl/home/-nederlanders-steeds-toleranter-over-homoseksualiteit-~af882715/ ) actual research says your wrong , which should make you happy as it 's a good thing . 
  those things are absolutely horrible and i 'm not arguing against the parade , but let 's not take extreme examples and use them as indicators for cultural trends . 
  i ca n't remember the actual numbers , but i believe 90 + % of dutch people accept homosexuals . 
  no we 're not, 
  language , signs and symbols change genuis, 
  the point was pretty clear to me and i 'd wager to most people . 
  ironic . 
  yes it is . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , but religion is as much about the culture and community one is a part of and has grown up in as it is about the actual teachings themself . 
  people cherry-pick and relativize from it what they want because it is a part of their ( social ) identity . 
  i mean it was a catholic priest that came up with the big bang theory and the church has long since accepted evolution as a truth . 
  i 'm by no means an apologists , i despise the catholic church for the covering up and instutionalized abuse of children and bullshit they spread regarding condoms in africa , but it is n't as black and white as this .
