  i said these rioting assholes do n't respresent the majority , big difference these people want refugees to be thrown out , are fighting , threatening people etc. 
  that 's not what the majority of people that think we have enough refugees do or believe in next time you want to be pretentious dick , atleast read the comment you 're replying to properly instead of attacking a strawman ps you ca n't even see the original i was replying to , where an englishman was saying whay we , the dutch , were thinking . 
  which is why i was talking about ` my ' country . 
  it 's a figure of speech , not all language is meant literally . 
  municipalities do have a chioce and people do have a say . 
  yes , neonazies are traveling the country doing this shit . 
  i 'm not saying all the people here are nazies , but this is a known fact . 
  they come from one city to another and fuck shit up, 
  the people in the video probably support him , which was also in the netherlands i have no idea where this stupid comment came from . 
  i obviously meant people in my city . 
  countries have people with multiple opinions living in them , in case you did n't know, 
  ` the people ' hate these retards more than anything just because they can riot does n't make them ` the voice of the people ' for fucks sake, 
  these people do * not * speak for my country and do n't fucking dare act like they represent the majority just because they decide to riot most people hate these people here and do n't fucking say they represent me , my country or our legitimate concerns there have been known groups of neonazi 's traveling the country , charshing townhall meetings in the ironic name of democracy , shouting over the local populance , threating police , threating social workers , rioting , being dicks . 
  fuck these people and fuck their behaviour . 
  you have concerns ? 
  fine , that 's reasonable and you have a chance to vioce them but if the police has to * shoot * , which almost never happens here , then you have gone way too fucking far . 
  if you travel the country fucking with * local * decisions ... well fuck you entirely then, 
  they did have a change to have a say , they decided to riot instead there are more problems with these people rioting than with the refugees . 
  i 've lived next to 500 of them for more than a year now and have n't noticed a thing . 
  you see them walking around sometimes or in the library hiring some books ( to learn dutch ) . 
  that 's about it . 
  might be because we welcome them instead of throwing a goddamn riot, 
  as a dutch guy i 've only heard * het spaans benauwd krijgen * and not a single one of the others, 
  shhht , we should just torture inmates because that 'll prove we are better than them !, 
  it varies from country to country . 
  in my country , it is legal to wage war abroad of your own volation however if you commit war crimes , you can be sentenced iirc i 'm sure you can wage a war legally , not about the last part though . 
  goverment did advice against it though , suprisingly enough, 
  i would stil work because i 'm a grown up and value my contribution to society and derive self worth from working , like having more money than the bare minimum and would get bored really fucking fast if i sat at home all day, 
  my income is around a grand per month and that ( barely ) covers everything here in holland but there is no way i 'd claim i 'm living like a king , not by a long shot, 
  you 'd be the cheapest king then, 
  yeah in a utopian version of europe maybe , in reality not so much, 
  i take it to mean that we will not change our society in face of threats . 
  we will not cower to terror and keep doing what we do best ; be free . 
  to bad turkey fucking hates them and will never allow them to gain control, 
  i am not as observant as you and did not see you are of glorious dutch , kameraad . 
  goddamn you 're observant how would you like a position in the gnih , glorious northern intelligence headquaters . 
  we could use someone like you , make a difference in this world . 
  join us . 
  you will not get away with this . 
  just you wait . 
  just you wait and see the true fury of the north rain upon you like hellfire, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever live down the utter shame . 
  i am half german though , so i 've still got a country to root for !, 
  well since you asked nicely ... we might postpone showing of our true military power prepare though , for the glorious empire shall rise again . 
  voc mentality will conquer all !, 
  well we need something to do when there is no football violence :'(, 
  patat will never change meaning . 
  over my dead body will you savage beasts ever get us proud northeners to call them ` friet ', 
  untill we take over the world, 
  shh , keep up the sherade , no one can know of our ways, 
  those are mostly people that are born in europe though . 
  does n't really make sense for refugees to leave for syria to fight ... 
  why would you get mad ? 
  i do n't get mad that everyone thinks we wear clogs , smoke weed everyday and fuck whores while our mothers watch in our windmill home they 're just stupid internet jokes, 
  not removing it because the mental image is hilarious to me, 
  i rent a place for 1200 a month ( split in three , which is sinds last month ` only ' 1050 with out services ! ), 
  but it was pretty hard to get , my parents even had to sing a garuantee waver ( i 'm a student ) because we ca n't get another place otherwise . 
  i live in haarlem now because amsterdam was impossible . 
  we make in total just above 3000 a month between us , varying from month to month and with studiefiances and all but we can easily affort anything we want , but ~ ~ officially ~ ~ in practice our salaries are n't enough because we need atleast 4000 a month to be eligible for anything with enough room in amsterdam , except for north and southeast but fuck that shit, 
  a lot of them do , but it is harder from poverty , isolated living area 's and in a climate of stigmatimization . 
  plus the culture plays a big part , where the father is the head of the household etc. 
  i do n't deny that , it 's a circulair causality . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't link , but i recommend reading up on the stigmatization theory by dr. goffmann, 
  and assimelate into the host country , which is the problem because the enviroment is n't suited to do that . 
  therefor they radicalize and hold onto past virtious stronger . 
  i do n't justify anything . 
  the refugees are chosing to come here , it 's not like i have a say in who makes the trip we are also funding the camps over there . 
  ofcourse that is the most important thing to do but the surrounding countries ca n't cope much longer , they have numbers of refugees that are overwhelming . 
  we can take in those that come here ( providing they do n't number in the millions ) and still fund camps . 
  you 're acting like it is one or the other which is nonsense, 
  you make some good points but a lot of assumptions aswell . 
  you assume syrians are the same as migrants that have been here longer , compare them to muslims that are becoming more extreme which is probably due to stigamatization and loss of identity etc. 
  which just does n't work . 
  you assume they are talking about the us etc. 
  however , still some very good poins too . 
  i am not one to say there is absolutely nothing to worry about , we need to stay sensible but we ca n't become overly afraid by this idea we ca n't handle it . 
  tbh , i want to look up stuff an write a elaborate response but i am writing my dissertation and that is going to take up too much time , i am on smoke break now . 
  who knows , maybe tommorow i have some time to get back at you properly no this is not very widely-shared video and i would never be so stupid to just believe a youtube video as fact , especially when it has mainly news-papers as sources whichs means it is based on secondhand information to begin with ; lots of change to be distorted along the way . 
  i do have to ask , what do you think my like-minded are exactly because i ca n't say i am one that often sides too much with any one group, 
  we must happen to see different threads then , because all i see is `` refugees will destroy europe '' threads, 
  care explaining why it is bulshit ? 
  because personally , i 'll take a video with decent sources over a comment made on reddit . 
  https://youtu.be/rvonxh3nn9w i have refugees in my city , maybe half a mile from where i live . 
  yesterday i was at the library with migrants , they were coming to find books on how to learn dutch . 
  they want to work , most have degrees . 
  these are syrians , a relatively moderate country with highly educated people . 
  those fleeing are the well off , less religious educated ones . 
  ` muslims have a tradition ' implies muslims are somehow a homogenous entity yet look at the area the islamic world spans , it is huge . 
  you people are oversimplifying a complicated issues to an extreme . 
  there is nothing to be too worried about . 
  we have to put security at refugee camps . 
  not because of the refugees but because of locals attacking them . 
  the only complaints and troubles i 've heard of regarding this stems from the far right opposition , not the actual refugees . 
  this sub just shows an extremely one-sided view and disregards the fact that among hundreds of thousands of people shit is always going to happen . 
  this also happens among natives in any groups . 
  statistics are hard i understand , but do n't look at isolated issues among hundreds of thousands of people on a sub that will only show the worst . 
  yall need to get out of the house and of the internet and look at the real world . 
  well okay but think of the roads dude . 
  think of the roads . 
  untill belgium annexes you .
