  also a ship has a much larger capacity . 
  one ship can easily take a few hundreds of people . 
  how are the german navy ships not safe ? 
  not even plane tickets . 
  she can order the german navy to pick up the migrants in a greek harbor and take them to germany by ship . 
  it would be much cheaper . 
  i do not agree with you . 
  my point is that it is possible to secure the greek maritime border at key points where the migrants enter the eu at a finite cost which the eu can afford . 
  what is a doable cost ? 
  $ 10 bln is definitely doable on an eu level . 
  one does not have to follow the coastline - one has to follow the maritime border between turkey and greece . 
  this border is much shorter than the greek coast line . 
  the solution to the crisis must involve both increasing the difficulty of reaching the eu , improving the deportation procedures and reducing the pull factors by reduction of the welfare accessible for the migrants . 
  it should be limited to basic health care and schools for children . 
  in case of shortage of teachers the schools should be run by teachers sourced from the refugees . 
  yes , it will pose problems for integration , but the problems will be smaller than not giving the kids any school at all . 
  long term , if we want peace in the middle east , islam itself must undergo reforms to condemn the aggressive fundamental rhetoric and abandon literal understanding of the quran . 
  the peace of the middle east in the hands of the middle eastern people themselves . 
  we have put men on the moon and we ca n't secure a bunch of islands ? 
  you people give up way too easily . 
  so what ? 
  when you have are a big fish you do n't care about `` laws '' . 
  my bad . 
  i correlated the accusations of xenofobia with slovakia . 
  slovenia usually is not blamed , 
  brilliant idea . 
  i love it . 
  do you think that it would be a good idea to do it on cyprus also ? 
  go full orban them . 
  deploy floating barriers around the islands and key passages . 
  do like israel - put the illegals in some no-man 's land so that they can make the way home somehow . 
  or put them on boats with locked rudder and aim them at turkey . 
  it is time to start playing hard ball . 
  turkey was dumping the problem on you ? 
  dump the problem back on turkey . 
  let 's see what will turkey do if the boats will start going in their direction . 
  do some plausible deniability , blame it on some `` little green men '' like russia did in crimea . 
  be creative , and play hard ball . 
  let 's put them on a ship and dump them in a harbor in libya . 
  let 's take advantage of the mess in libya . 
  seriously . 
  it 's time to stop pretending to be humanitarian . 
  they have their fair share of problems with a parallel roma society . 
  edit : i have somehow correlated saying that slovenians are wary of immigrants even though the have non with slovakia . 
  i do n't know if this is true in slovenia . 
  but it is perfectly ok to prfioritize the well-being of your own nation above any migrants . 
  so let 's sacrifice the country because of the inhabitants of the islands ? 
  what happened to `` all for one , one for all '' ? 
  in my opinion greece should go full orban and simply deploy these http://halodefense.com/ or these http://www.safeguards.com/securebarrier/floatingbarrier.html . 
  it is not about deploying them along the entire coast line - it is about denying access to the islands . 
  edit : we as eu should also help greece with funding of the means of denial of access and help them with deportations . 
  we should lend greece a sufficient number of landing crafts , put the illegals on them and deploy them to the libyan coast . 
  under military cover if necessary . 
  i observed that many people who work abroad for some reason still relate their earnings to the expenses they are used to at home . 
  to make things worse they are also used to a lower standard of living . 
  maybe we should simply introduce compulsory education about living costs and the society in denmark for foreign workers ? 
  you are right . 
  generalization to the entire eastern europe is wrong . 
  i should have limited the opinion to poland . 
  because the eastern europeans were actually fighting nazis . 
  also , calling nationalists nazis in the eastern europe does n't compute , because it were mostly the nationalists fighting against the nazis , and then against the soviets . 
  the polish solidarity trade union movement was a nationalist movement against communist occupation of the country . 
  western politics does not compute in eastern europe and the sooner we understand that , the better . 
  well , the problem we have in sweden is that there are some specific areas that are really messed up . 
  outside them , life is going on as usual . 
  the phenomenon is called a parallel society because people who are better off ca n't see it . 
  because they ca n't see it , they do n't want to do anything about it . 
  everyone knows that the us democracy is crippled . 
  it is more like oligarchy pretending to be a democracy . 
  maybe . 
  but why does trump get all the hate , while hillary is a know liar and has a long and dark history - benghazi , defending child molesters in the 70 's , the whitewater scandal ans so on . 
  she is a known liar . 
  edit : add foreign donations and email scandal . 
  this is the problem . 
  why the hell do we have to change things because some religion has a problem with it ? 
  this is an insult in the face of a secular state . 
  i want to live in a secular state . 
  your religion does n't allow to eat pork ? 
  fine . 
  but let everyone else eat whatever they want . 
  they are long , but not infinitely long , i.e. 
  they can be hindered with a finite amount of money . 
  besides , it is possible to make gates so legitimate boat traffic can go through . 
  do n't underestimate the power of engineering . 
  as for mine , anti-personnel mines are banned in europe because most , if no all european countries have signed the '97 ottawa treaty . 
  the german double speak is one of the obstacles to getting other eu countries on the boat with a common european solution . 
  besides , germany expects solidarity , while it shows none to e.g. 
  poland . 
  the biggest existential threat to poland is russia . 
  if germany announced that the stop the nord stream and will deploy their army on the eastern border of poland , poland would probably agree to take a significant number of refugees . 
  but , since germany wants to make deals with russia over the heads of the poles , poland thinks that they are getting screwed , as it happened many times in their history . 
  besides , they do n't need to stop a frigate or a destroyer - they need to stop a dinghy and shift the problem of saving the occupants to turkey . 
  if i were the greek prime minister , or the minister of defense i would do one thing - deploy floating barriers on the sea border between greece and turkey . 
  such barriers have existed for long time defense of harbors . 
  search for `` floating barrier with spikes '' on your search engine of choice . 
  this way , if any boats sink , they will be in turkish waters and the turks would be to blame if someone sinks . 
  i am actually amazed that you greeks are not cunning enough to give turkey the taste of their own medicine . 
  i think that if everyone in europe made such campaigns at least the flow of economic migrants would stop . 
  i do n't think that actual refugees would mind as long as they are safe . 
  spread the news then .
