  put them on lampedusa and give them boats with enough fuel only to reach north africa . 
  of course not . 
  do n't play a fool . 
  it is about european solidarity . 
  germany leaves the easter europe at putin 's will and expects solidarity from them . 
  if germany is protecting it 's own interests , then it should expect the other countries to protect their business . 
  maybe the eu should pay the uk for sending the migrants to the falklands ? 
  drop them there , give them a piece of farm land for self subsistence and call it a day . 
  is it moral to ruin your country for the sake of people with no valid reason to apply for asylum ? 
  so what ? 
  it is time to stop playing the moral superpower . 
  well , if germany was being louder about putting economic pressure on north african countries to take back their citizens , then it would have received support from the v4 . 
  the v4 also support exterritorial vetting facilities . 
  the only thing that the v4 does not support is taking an unlimited number of people without ids and redistributing them around europe . 
  the dwindling population is not a problem as long as the gdp per capita increases . 
  it is the gdp per capita tha defines the viability of a pension system and the welfare system , not the total gdp . 
  i think that the eu would be better off without germany and stupid german immigration policy . 
  you see , if you closed that damn border and stopped any welfare for welfare shoppers poland would have supported you wholeheartedly . 
  they would probably be very willing to help you with sealing the border and deportations , but you just insist that the entire world is entitled to move to europe . 
  if israel is able to survive in the middle east then the baltics should be able to survive as well . 
  water cannons and tear gas . 
  well , sweden when counted in gdp per capita is not getting richer and it gets a lot of immigration . 
  this is a picture perfect example for the broken window fallacy . 
  oh yes there is . 
  there would be no is if saddam was still in charge . 
  it would not have reduced the tension , but it would have kept them in check . 
  but then poland should also introduce tolls for british products . 
  free flow of people is a part of the free market . 
  no free flow of people - no free market . 
  every country ( incl . 
  germany ) taking 0 refugees would be a fair division , i think . 
  the problem is the the german european solution is to take in more refugees by distributing them throughout the eu . 
  the rest of europe 's european solution is to close the borders and take only vetted refugees from refugee camps , if any . 
  now , germany is outvoted , but nobody except for the v4 wants to be seen as inhumane so everyone sits quiet and waits until germany is on its knees and will close the border and introduce quotas itself . 
  if the social-conservatives win in entire europe then it will unite again . 
  just look at the v4 . 
  all are ruled by social-conservatives and they are not more divided than france and uk . 
  the europe would be still united , but less anti-russian . 
  by money i mean by spending a ton lot of money on administrative efforts and benefits , instead of facilitating social interaction between the natives and the immigrants . 
  when it comes to housing , young people would happily live in the housing of the milj\u00f6nprogram era , but they do n't want because of the immigrants . 
  let 's face it . 
  there is a white flight in sweden . 
  this is also what amazes me about sweden . 
  everyone is openly anti-racist , but once too many immigrants move it , the swedes try to move out . 
  there was also an issue with the new asylboende in g\u00f6teborg . 
  people from areas overwhelmingly voting for moderaterna , who caused all this mess , now protest against locations of asylboende in their area . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  why not speak out openly about you think ? 
  why be a hypocrite conformist ? 
  i do n't think that they would be offended . 
  they just think that communists are scum . 
  dude , their roots are in the solidarity trade union . 
  they are as far from the nazi and the stalinists as you can get . 
  unless in your book being a patriot makes one a nazi . 
  well , the segregation plays a role here . 
  there are neighborhoods where there are not immigrants and there are neighborhoods which are majority immigrant . 
  the segregation means that most of the time a person that hangs out with their university friends would never see any problems . 
  you have to actively punch through the social bubble and reach out to the specific areas to see the problems and reach out to people . 
  which most of swedes never do because they are too damn shy to speak to strangers . 
  seriously , you guys being so shy and introvert and you expected integration to work well ? 
  what the hell did you think ? 
  where was your common sense ? 
  integration requires efforts from both sides , and money is not the issue , personal contact is an issue . 
  you try to solve this problem with money , because you have more money than social skills . 
  it is not about being martyrs . 
  it is about equating the poles with the nazis and that is a defamation . 
  i do n't know about the police , but many people who were themselves or had their parents oppressed , jailed , tortured in jails and discriminated by the communist would love to tell you a few juicy words and may slap you in the face . 
  i do n't know . 
  we do have a lot of common heritage in europe and the historical level of interaction was very large . 
  once you move around europe and leave in a bunch of countries for a few years you realize the amazing patchwork of differences and commonalities . 
  the difference is that lebanon is semi-arab . 
  there are 1 million ukrainians in poland and nobody has even noticed . 
  culture and common history do matter . 
  from extrapolation of the direction in which things are going in sweden . 
  scandinavia is not the social-democratic scandinavia of the 70s any more . 
  it will not collapse . 
  it will become a lot more like the usa . 
  not the country . 
  just certain areas - google for utanf\u00f6rskapsomr\u00e5de . 
  in these areas , the state does not have monopoly on violence . 
  the police , the ambulances , and the fire engines are often assaulted . 
  outside these areas life goes on as usual . 
  if you are danish , come to g\u00f6teborg , and spend one day in linn\u00e9 and one day in angered or bergsj\u00f6n . 
  you will see an amazing contrast . 
  i do n't know how does it look in germany , but here in sweden crime is on the rise in specific problem areas , inhabited by uneducated , unemployed people not speaking proficiently swedish . 
  in these areas the police does not have monopoly on violence . 
  it happens often , that ambulances and fire engines in these areas are assaulted , not to mention the police . 
  the police are sometimes lured to these areas to be assaulted . 
  when the inhabitants assault ambulances , that means that the law order in these areas has collapsed . 
  sweden is on the way to become like the usa , with etnified problem areas . 
  not that most of the crime in the us happens also in specific problem areas inhabited by uneducated , unemployed people . 
  in sweden we are adding religion to the mix . 
  i am not sure . 
  we know that only 30 % of the migrants are syrians fleeing the war . 
  the remaining 70 % are not fleeing war and if they knew that they will not get to germany , which is their promised land , they would simply not embark on the journey . 
  therefore , we could expect a 70 % reduction in the flow , and we could better address the needs of people who actually flee from war . 
  we should only take refugees directly from refugee camps , and let them apply for asylum already in the camps , not let them at the mercy of smugglers . 
  closing the borders and taking people from refugee camps is the humanitarian thing to do . 
  it should also be a global effort , not only eu effort and the arab countries should be forced to take more refugees , or face an embargo . 
  exactly !,
