  the idea was that germany would think twice before invading poland , because it would mean that germany would be invaded from the west and thus kept in check . 
  if germany would not invade , the soviet union would not invade alone , because they failed to invade poland in 1920 . 
  france and the uk simply screwed the agreement with poland - theoretically they declared war on germany , but did not proceed to strike . 
  now think . 
  with most of the wehrmacht fighting in poland france and uk could go into germany like a hot knife in butter , and stopped the war . 
  they chose not to . 
  they gave germany time to regroup , and shift the forces to the western front , which made invasion of france possible . 
  dude , the western flank of german was left pretty much undefended in 1939 . 
  the plan was not to reach poland - the plan was to strike on germany from the west and that was written in the treaties between poland , france and britain . 
  yes . 
  so let 's change the conventions , or unilaterally withdraw from them . 
  it was just a return to mobile warfare practiced by heavy cavalry for centuries , with mechanized vehicles instead of horses . 
  also , poland in 1920 has successfully defended itself from a soviet invasion . 
  if poland has received help immediately , then the wwii would have been stopped in its infancy . 
  the problem is european pacifism and appeasement politics , which we also see towards erdogan and putin now . 
  the enemy was in the context of protected harbors . 
  we can use the methods to fence off the greek islands . 
  you sir or madam have just proved to be an ignorant . 
  so let 's process them quickly . 
  they do n't have any ids ? 
  their application is rejected . 
  excuses , excuses . 
  in 1939 the combined armies of poland , france and the united kingdom were perfectly capable of stopping germany . 
  it was not the lack of resources - it was the lack of will that made wwii possible in the first place . 
  well , so when the fn will be in the government in france , then hollande will expel france from the eu ? 
  i do n't it will be needed . 
  illegals with an economic motive will stay away from poland . 
  actually , germany closing it 's border can cut the flow significantly . 
  detain everyone without id until their identity can be established , to being with . 
  the choice is : we sink the boats , or we sink our countries . 
  which one do you choose ? 
  so what the eu supposed to do ? 
  let the entire africa and middle east move into the eu ? 
  the only way the eu can help greece is to assist greece with deportations . 
  also , the eu could be a bit less whiny about how greece treats the illegal immigrants . 
  in the end , a fence in the middle of the sea may be not such a bad idea . 
  there were such solution in the past to protect harbors from enemy frogmen and submarines . 
  it is doable . 
  bogged down with what ? 
  i think that the problem is that after wwi europe lost the willingness to fight and became a bunch of pacifist wussies . 
  just look at what happened during the wwii - poland was fighting to the last drop of blood against both germany and soviet union , france gave up pretty much immediately , and britain did n't go into fight until it was attacked itself . 
  what you are saying is right . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  however , turkey may not be the key to the problem , but morocco and afghanistan . 
  the eu should threaten economic sanctions on morocco for not taking back their people and threaten afghanistan to dramatically cut the aid money . 
  moreover , everyone arriving without documents should be immediately detained until their identity is confirmed . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't like trump but while he gets all the hate , but hillary is worse than him . 
  deportations . 
  load them on a ship , and abandon it just out of a moroccan harbor . 
  they use this practice on us , so we can use it on them . 
  if i were greek i would vote far right . 
  saying that afghans robbing iranians is `` arabs robbing other arabs '' is like saying that when italians were robbing the spanish it was like russians robbing other russians . 
  well , sweden has a similar bias . 
  if you come as a working migrant you need to live 5 year in sweden and have a good record of supporting yourself to get permanent residency . 
  if you are a paperless illegal and claim asylum - you get permanent residency immediately . 
  it creates obvious incentive to be a paperless `` refugee '' . 
  well , the eastern european countries develop slightly faster than the rest , which means that the average is moving up , and the gap between the lowest and the highest average gdp decreases . 
  there is no leadership because nobody wants to follow merkel 's ideas . 
  i think that there is a consensus the the external borders of schengen need to be sealed and that a vast majority of europe wants the australian solution - ex-territorial vetting camps . 
  it is not necessary to locate these camps in italy or greece - two things are necessary instead - the camps must be declared ex-territorial and must be properly fenced . 
  for those who have their application rejected , the only way out is through an airport . 
  there is also a wide eu support for putting pressure on morocco and afghanistan to take their citizens back . 
  we do have the means to force it - stop importing moroccan products and stop giving money to afghanistan . 
  the problem is that merkel , juncker and others do not want to implement this policy , which is reasonable and has a wide support in the eu . 
  yeah , but how many candidates would be able to speak all languages ? 
  this is a good idea . 
  small tighter cooperation groups - say france , germany and the benelux , then the v4 , then the nordics . 
  they are groups of countries of common heritage . 
  a new kalmar union would be a lot easier and make a lot more sense than a tight union of say sweden and portugal . 
  do the immigrants actually want to stay in italy and greece ? 
  if they knew that it is not possible to reach germany from italy or greece would they keep coming ? 
  it is not only lack of innovation . 
  it is mostly the lack of capital . 
  the economic transformation of the ee should have been done chinese style - with lots of protectionism to build up the national capital . 
  well , it would probably increase the birth rate , but it is unethical . 
  obviously , you never had to deal with german bureaucracy ( aka `` administration '' ) . 
  i prefer the uk or scandinavian administration and avoid the german one like a plague . 
  well , the money goes back to germany anyway in the for of purchase of german machinery . 
  it is estimated , that for 1 $ given to the ee germany makes 1 $ profit . 
  it 's not even about hiring a spanish company . 
  a slovenian company would spend money on buying german and swedish machinery . 
  the cement would most likely be local , but much of the cement production in the ee is in french hands anyway . 
  the growth has however been mainly due to western companies locating their production in poland , not polish companies increasing their share on the western european market . 
  for polish companies the eastern europe is still the biggest market . 
  well , then take it a step further and lock the rudder . 
  you can go the swiss way - participate in free trade and not in the rest . 
  yes , through bureaucracy . 
  the eastern europe does n't need western european money . 
  it needs open access to the western european markets . 
  one of the main reasons for the easter europe was to get out of the russian zone of influence and hopefully to get the access to the western markets , but the latter has proven elusive . 
  western companies manufacture and export a lot from the ee , but ee companies are not nearly as successful . 
  i am glad that somebody else sees it too . 
  but they get their money back because e.g. 
  slovenia does n't make the heavy machinery used on construction sites . 
  the eu funds would benefit slovenia , if they were spent on products made in slovenia . 
  dude ? 
  seriously ? 
  in poland everything that comes from russia is evil , and that includes socialism in all flavours . 
  for the polish people russia is a synonym for the devil himself .
