  the more people will know about it , the more the public will insist on these or equivalent solution . 
  if it is patented , it should be simple to make something of similar functionality but not violating the patents . 
  well , not the end , it is just over time sweden will reach the economic level of poland , for two reasons - poland is getting better quickly , and sweden is sort of standing still when you look at the gdp per capita . 
  remember that people coming to sweden to work are also immigrants , for example all the people that the e.g. 
  volvo group ( not volvo cars ) pulls from their french and polish divisions , the foreign engineers working at swedish companies , who are quite many in fact or the folks who came to study in sweden and then got themselves a job right after getting the degree . 
  all these people are non-refugee immigrants and they are very successful in sweden . 
  however if you account for them , then the employment figures for people who come as refugees are eve worse . 
  we really need an honest investigation into why it happens and how to do it , with all possible solutions on the table . 
  i envy your you so much for the common sense of your politicians . 
  i do n't envy you for taxers on cars , but i understand that since you do n't have major car manufactures you want to discourage people from exporting your money abroad . 
  edit : the point in the end is , that people do n't want to apply for asylum in denmark . 
  mission accomplished . 
  lol , that sounds so much like a lame excuse of a rapist . 
  no need to look for conspiracy when you can adequately explain things buy stupidity . 
  the reason for support for mass-immigration in sweden is because it allowed scoring easy points during elections . 
  it is a bit complicated , with the historical background and so forth , but the swedish neoliberals support now hard-line immigration and assimilation policies in order to win back the votes from the far right . 
  i would say that the immigrants are a very diverse group . 
  french and polish employees of volvo who are moving to the headquarters in gothenburg , foregin phd students , doctors , engineers , construction workers , in statistics also fall in the category of immigrants . 
  then , there are actual refugees - members of ethnic of religious minorities , lgbt people and so forth . 
  and finally , there is the scum . 
  then there are people with no chance to come to sweden to get a job , who are not like say the canadian friend of mine who is an expert on image processing or the singaporean cleanroom engineer who knows everything about mocvd . 
  the people who do n't have skills to get into the country through a job try , but try to do everything to improve the life and financial status of themselves and their families . 
  they want better life , but since they have no skills needed in the economy , their only chance is to sneak is as a fake refugee . 
  i think that everyone in europe should stop whining and finally help greece deploy these : http://www.safeguards.com/securebarrier/floatingbarrier.html, 
  a similar action by the danish government was quite successful . 
  wait , trump is a socialist ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i though he was a republican and republican is an opposite of socialist/liberal . 
  everyone ridicules trump , but he is small potatoes compared the cunning , warmongering hillary clinton . 
  keep in mind that `` icky '' is a relative thing . 
  well , if that is your dimension of greatness . 
  to me greatness is measured in culture , happiness level of the people and gdp per capita . 
  yes . 
  it is an icky factor for them . 
  heck , at my work place many women do n't sit on the toilets ( because they find the idea of sharing a toilet seat disgusting ) and the end result is , well i leave it to your imagination . 
  besides , there apparently is evidence that squat toilets are healthier but i have not really cared enough to go through the published literature . 
  not if you are an engineer . 
  australia and new zealand suck in high-tech . 
  australia has some good research institutes , but the industry is extremely conservative and unwilling to take risks . 
  they are a resource based economy , kind of like russia , but without a crazy dictator and vodka . 
  i would wish so . 
  however , for people in senior positions it often takes a lot of time to accept new things . 
  ai has failed miserably in the 90s and if the seniors were doing things hands on at that time , they probably remember the failure . 
  the truth is that the older we get , the slower we learn . 
  depends on if the german trump would want to invade poland , or decided to forge a working defensive alliance from russia . 
  to poland russia is an existential threat . 
  any time germany gets cozy with russia poland remembers ribbentrop-molotov . 
  we are uneasy about that in sweden ad well , but we were never occupied by russia . 
  well it could still say something , but the data gathering method is obviously questionable . 
  wait , are these self-reported data by the website users ? 
  well well , finally the reality started to slowly sink into the heads of the german rule makes . 
  let 's see how much time it will take them to understand how much progress there was recently in automation and ai . 
  ok , i should n't have used the `` if not more '' . 
  but honestly , the hair color is not something i would use to decide if i want to befriend a person or not . 
  what is the italian obsession with blondes ? 
  i find `` average '' italian women just as beautiful , if not more . 
  so why is she not drumming about it ? 
  why is she not sending a firm message to mena : if you try to free-ride , you will be deported . 
  which exactly is the problem that we need to solve !, 
  we , as europe should threaten morocco and afghanistan with economic sanctions . 
  this should be the common european approach . 
   a couple of suicidal nordic countries it is about a single suicidal country - sweden . 
  who says anything about drowning ? 
  it is about id controls , vetting and deportations . 
  yeah . 
  maybe if she actually listened to what other countries want should could find an european solution . 
  other countries want a dramatically reduced influx of migrants . 
  as long as she has no actual plan to achieve that , nobody will jump on her plan . 
  yeah . 
  you know , i used to think that the eastern europeans complain the most in the world . 
  nope . 
  the italians out-do them buy several orders of magnitude . 
  i am so ashamed at merkel 's unwillingness to listen to the voice of the rest of europe . 
  just close the borders and help greece seal its border . 
  it was told many times that a sea border can not be sealed . 
  this is not true . 
  there are floating barriers which can be placed such that any sinking boat is turkey 's responsibility . 
  you are right . 
  zero illegal immigrants entering the entire eu per year sounds like a fair number . 
  the solution that includes greece is relieving greece by helping it with deportation of all the illegal immigrants presently invading greece to their home countries . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you know , i think that for once ( at least ) the eastern europe is right . 
  we should put orban in charge . 
  you are damn right . 
  well , the american tourists will go there . 
  the italians ? 
  they will go there once , take a sip , spit and never come back again . 
  yup . 
  way to go . 
  attacks ad persona . 
  has he be convicted of murder ? 
  you do n't know . 
  pretty much . 
  like `` cloud computing '' nowadays . 
  back in the late 90 's the slogan of sun microsystems was `` the network is the computer '' . 
  everything old is new again . 
  we were fighting the wrong wars . 
  so you admit that this is an invasion which should have been stopped long time ago ? 
  everyone knew it , poland included , because of the ribbentrop-molotov pact . 
  this is also why poland has signed a defensive treaty with france and the uk .
