  if you want a job in sweden , you will find it . 
  look at the eastern european construction workers . 
  they ca n't find a job in ee ? 
  they go to sweden , uk , germany . 
  they want to get a job and they do a lot to get it . 
  i have respect for them , even though they do behave in an antisocial way sometimes . 
  they try to be in charge of their lives . 
  the problem in sweden is that it is too easy to simply live off the welfare benefits . 
  instead of giving people benefits we should give them jobs . 
  even cleaning the streets . 
  maybe not very efficient jobs , but at least we should stop giving people money for sitting at home . 
  well , chance is , they will judge life in turkey less bad . 
  also , they may try alternative directions so it would still be a win for greece . 
  edit : i just got to think : what would have happened if greece said that they will not let the refugees out - thye have to apply for asylum in greece or go back . 
  i think that would make at least afghans , iraqis and other non-syrians rethink their position . 
  well , it so happens we have a very capable ifv - the cv90 . 
  i guess erdogan understands terrorism as `` kurds '' . 
  so they are right wing socialists ? 
  catholic conservative socialist ? 
  btw , socialists are populist by the very nature . 
  also , an opposite of populism is elitism . 
  all democratic forces are in fact populist , because they want to appeal to the population . 
  i think that the one-dimensional left-right axis is not relevant any more . 
  edit : out of all the `` right wing parties '' i think that dansk folke parti is the best because they are simply secular centrist nationalist . 
  i think that they should export the concept , because the sverigedemokraterna are not really a good party if you go into the details . 
  they are a bit centrist , but their views on e.g. 
  abortion , homosexuality and climate change are scary . 
  something like this maybe : http://halodefense.com/sentinel/ but smooth so it is impossible to climb ? 
  you must have not experienced german arrogance . 
  if we do n't close the route people will keep coming . 
  what is your idea to stop the flow . 
  the laws have to be changed . 
  this is absurd . 
  for goodness sake , it is possible to defend a maritime border . 
  there are floating barriers which will stop the boats . 
  one has to at least try . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i am not so sure . 
  killing civilians was always used throughout the history to damage the morale and cut of the popular support for the enemy combatants because the local populations will simply be scared to aid them . 
  one can do it with precision weapons just as well , it is just you need to specifically point them at the civilians , which i imagine saudis have no problems with . 
  how about gathering for union of nations instead of a soul-less federation ? 
  how about arguing for organic integration through cultural and business exchange ? 
  there is no integration of europe without mutual understanding . 
  i would say , the economy . 
  if done right , hassle free access to the eu market is a tremendous advantage . 
  also , being in the eu allows the uk to stop the federalism madness . 
  so what ? 
  dagens nyheter is just as trust worthy . 
  seriously , all newspapers in sweden a trash . 
  hey , those soviet era vehicle are quite good . 
  russians do have good engineers , you know ? 
  the word `` peon '' comes from spanish ( according to wikipedia ) . 
  the name paeonia is not take out from the blue , but has a historical context . 
  i would prefer that to fyrom . 
  is it really good news ? 
  i think it is meh news . 
  we need to figure out what is the right population size for europe and stay at that level . 
  the right population size , is the population size that maximizes the life quality and suitability or europe . 
  we ca n't have too many people , because it will give us problems with pollution and economical sustainability . 
  we need space for farmland and we need space for biodiversity . 
  not everything can be farmland . 
  we need to figure out upper bound for the size of the farmland , then figure out how many people can that farmland support and then converge to that population size . 
  we ca n't have too few people either , because with too few people it is difficult to build technologically advanced economy . 
  there was already a significant immigrant influx to europe in the xx century already . 
  well , having being brought by idealistic parents and having learned esperanto as his first language explains a lot . 
  he simply believes that what he does is good , while many others believe that what he does is evil . 
  well , it is kinda like if finland decided to call themselves sweden . 
  the name fyrom is ugly though and they should come up with a different name . 
  edit : this is a faulty analogy . 
  edit : apparently in ancient times the regions was called paeonia . 
  sounds like a good name and was used historically . 
  go to any university and you will see political correctness . 
  i imagine that this is because most of the foreigners at the universities are actually hard working and studying , not your typical urban thugs . 
  however , if the student dorms were placed in rinkeby , the students would probably have slightly different opinion . 
  btw , i think that placing student dorms in ghetto areas would be a good idea to get the integration going . 
  is it really ? 
  or is it just a display for the public . 
  some media has changed ( g\u00f6teborgs posten , svenska dagbladet ) but some are still 140 % politically correct ( dagens nyheter , svt ) . 
  you are well aware that correlation and causation are different things ? 
  edit : to be precise , correlation does not imply causation . 
  when it comes too islam - take as an example indonesia - we hear a lot less bad things from there . 
  take india with large muslim population . 
  however - the middle east is a mess and immigration from the me does cause problems . 
  they are crazy . 
  however , if they were more like the dansk folkeparti , they would be actually reasonable . 
  i do however understand , that someone can vote afd as a sign of protest . 
  when the mainstream does n't listen to you , what can you do ? 
  the think that makes the df a nice party overall is that their opinion on other social issues , like e.g. 
  abortion , lgbt rights , separation of the state and the religion are very reasonable , at least on paper . 
  their opinion on e.g. 
  abortion is `` we think that it is sad that people do abortions , but at the same time we support current laws because it should be people 's choice '' . 
  they are not like e.g. 
  the sweden democrats who drop things like `` climate change is a scam '' or that abortions should be banned . 
  df is actually a party that many people can accept . 
  for what i have heard , afd is on the crazy side . 
  i do n't thin it has to do with religion - it has to do with human capital and for the immigration pattern we see in europe islam correlates with low human capital . 
  no , only the jails in siberia . 
  we could do them in lapland , 
  i did not make up anything . 
  i just happen to know many poles , which is why i do n't agree with the opinion of / u/ninfo about the v4 .
