  or at least the polish part of the v4 . 
  if we could get away it , who can stop us ? 
  look . 
  putin just made a new land grab in eastern ukraine because he could and nobody dared to stop . 
  having powerful military and nukes help . 
  look at israel - the sole existence of this country is based on its military power . 
  usa goes wherever they want too and we as europe even support them sometimes . 
  of course , usa will not attack russia or china , because their militaries are powerful enough that a victory over them would be very , very expensive . 
  talk about double standards . 
  they are . 
  it is our duty to defend then , but we will have to stop being so `` humanitarian '' . 
  everyone needs to understand , that people from middle east and africa will keep coming to europe as long as they will have a slightest chance of staying . 
  a redistribution mechanism forced by merkel will increase these chances . 
  the game of the european leaders seems to be to squeeze germany enough so that it will close the borders . 
  we need also to stop the boats from coming . 
  stopping the boats is part of the fortress europe . 
  lrads , floating barriers , everything is a fair game . 
  this is why there is such thing called military . 
  one can use smaller countries to scare the heck out them . 
  combined eu military power is really formidable . 
  the problem is not lack of power - the problem is the lack of will to use . 
  when it comes jails , one can always take inspiration from tsarist russia . 
  my sincere apologies . 
  i forgot to mention you . 
  well , the example of the balkan countries and hungary shows that increasing the difficulty of passing the border is a viable solution . 
  well , it is trade-off . 
  the other way is deterrence - make life of those who come to greece miserable enough so they will think twice before coming . 
  you have to play hard ball . 
  we can defend italy and greece . 
  we need the will to do it and we need to have the will to deport people against their will and against the will of their home countries . 
  we can put sanctions on countries which do not want their citizens back . 
  we can bribe them with good and money . 
  finally , we can use the military . 
  if we successfully deported or jailed every single illegal immigrant , they would stop coming . 
  this is our duty to italy and greece . 
  but they do have a policy - secure the borders . 
  i disagree with you about the v4 . 
  if they had more power , they would solve your refugee problem by turning a blind eye at you sinking the boats . 
  i do n't know how about now , but poland used to have sizable amount of landing craft , because the cold war plan was that they will invade denmark to capture the danish straits to secure the soviet baltic fleet 's way out into the atlantic . 
  they would be probably more than happy to borrow you those ships to be used in mass deportations of the illegals to the libyan coast . 
  they are tough motherlovers . 
  they survived the nazis and they survived the soviets and kept fighting back . 
  i think also that their approach is right . 
  if you introduce a redistribution mechanism , this will only give an incentive for more people to come . 
  do you want to have entire africa in italy ? 
  if not , then you have to push pack . 
  yes , it may be not humanitarian , but thik about it . 
  if everyone will leave from africa , who will build africa 's future ? 
  for the sake of africa , we need to educate the africans and make them stay in africa . 
  you guys should make your v4 union . 
  we should restore the kalmar union . 
  germany , the benelux and austria can have their own union . 
  france , italy and spain can make their own romance union . 
  these tight sub-unions actually make a lot of sense because they group countries with common interests , history and language ( with some exceptions ) . then we can have a union of these unions . 
  such two-tier union would really be much better than the behemoth we have today . 
  heck in scandinavia we could even have common tv channels or at least we could broadcast dr in sweden . 
  it would make us a lot of good because the svt is brainwashing us . 
  well , the language requirement is not unreasonable . 
  you ca n't go to the us or britain and expect to study in say german , polish or chinese , unless of course you are in linguistics . 
  on the other hand , many other countries do not have the requirement on having a bank account full of money . 
  besides , it is a requirement that can be easily circumvented by putting on it borrowed money . 
  there are also cheaper countries than germany - poland for example . 
  heck , it used to be a fad among swedes to study medicine in poland because it was cheaper and they still can get csn . 
  i do n't know how popular is it now though . 
  on a side note , what would be really good would be to give stipends to the best high school pupils from countries like afghanistan or irak and let them study here , under an obligation , that after studies they will spend some time contributing to the development of their home countries . 
  it would be way more humanitarian than making smugglers rich . 
  they were afraid that they would be called racists/nazis/orban . 
  so they sit quiet and do their job . 
  majority of the leaders of europe want fortress europe , not mother theresa europe . 
  she is the one who opposes the majority . 
  well , the solution is simple . 
  turkey gets to pick up the boats from what they claim is their area . 
  we would see what would they claim . 
  exactly . 
  the costs are rather reasonable . 
  greece could be the maritime hungary , but they choose not to . 
  i have one question . 
  if they wanted to study , why did n't they follow the legal way ? 
  there are plenty of foreign students at the european universities , there are ways of entering the european education system without paying money to the smugglers . 
  it may also have to do with the fact that an italian woman may see something as cheesy flirting , while a danish woman will see the same thing as harassment . 
  i think that from a statistical point of view it would make sense to make a distinction between physical and nonphysical harassment . 
  when someone gives someone some remarks it may be hard to define what is harassment or not . 
  when e.g. 
  someone 's buttocks are smacked without their consent , the thing is clear - it is harassment . 
  it is time to rewrite that convention . 
  which is why greece needs this : http://www.safeguards.com/securebarrier/floatingbarrier.html, 
  afghans to afghanistan , iraqis to iraq , syrians to syria . 
  we should also support assad , because without him the whole place will be a mess . 
  the rebound in the opinions was mostly because she seemed to have changed the course though . 
  we do n't need to do it . 
  we just need to help greece deport the migrants and protect the border . 
  this is where the effort should go . 
  damn it , you are right . 
  the whole thing may have bee a game to gain popular support in europe to get involved in the conflict in syria . 
  well , it did n't work . 
  what will she do next ? 
  yes . 
  food for 5 days is cheaper than a plane ticket . 
  we are not talking about fancy cruise ships . 
  we are talking about transport ships .
