  we should make the danish solution the european solution !, 
  what is fair distribution ? 
  why is it only distribution to eu ? 
  why not to saudi arabia ? 
  why not to africa ? 
  asia ? 
  why is it only a problem of the eu ? 
  why are arab countries not taking refugees ? 
  let them also participate in solving the problem they heped create . 
  well , if merkel has cut off greece from the euro zone and suspended greek membership in the eu greece would have been better off . 
  they could devaluate , get the economy competitive again , reduce the foreign competition to domestic businesses . 
  also , not being in the eu greece would n't have to care about complaints about stopping the boats . 
  they could do whatever the hell they would think is good for them . 
  yeah . 
  like the germans building nord stream . 
  or the yalta conference in 1945 . 
  i am not surprised that the eastern europe is willing to sacrifice greece . 
  in 1939 the french said that they will not die for gdansk . 
  in yalta at the conference in february 1945 the west has betrayed eastern europe and abandoned them to the will of stalin . 
  consequently , the ussr has banned easter europe from participating in the marshall plan . 
  what the ee does is just karma . 
  the west has betrayed the eastern europe many times . 
  first of all , france and britain did nothing during german invasion of poland , even though they had an alliance signed with poland . 
  they declared war , but that war declaration was not followed by a military effort . 
  the west did not help the warsaw uprising , and later abandoned whole easter europe to stalin . 
  now germany is building a gas pipe from russia , bypassing ee . 
  after all that the west dares to ask for solidarity . 
  there is more happening . 
  there is a problem with violence in the asylum seekers accommodations . 
  recently a 22 year old woman was killed by an asylum seekers . 
  the police are on their knees with border controls , id controls , and all the extra violence . 
  there are also effects from older unsuccessful immigration ( to make it clear , that there is also successful immigration ) . 
  there are some areas where the ambulances and fire engines get attacked , not to mention the police . 
  there are areas , where the state does n't have monopoly on violence . 
  the unemployment rates among immigrants with low human capital are very high - which should not come as a surprise to anyone . 
  there are also `` street children '' . 
  you are right . 
  it is obvious that those without documents are free-riders . 
  they should be in a vettin facility similar to the ellis island until their identity is confirmed or until they want to leave on their own . 
  it is also important to emphasize that the free-riders basically rob resources from the poor people on the refugee camps . 
  i think many people there understand that . 
  they just do n't want to put money into r&d because they think that good r&d can come only from `` american scientists and engineers '' . 
  it does n't matter that many of those `` american scientists and engineers '' have eastern european origin . 
  well , eu was exactly what you wrote - a result of western european regionalism . 
  the eu is still dominated by thinking about western european interests , which is why a central european union would be a better solution . 
  they key to solving the problem of low salaries is not foreign investment . 
  they key is development of local capital and local technological leadership . 
  let 's face the truth - no economy can be competitive without its own strong r&d . 
  how about water cannons ? 
  german is in the bed with russia anyway with the nord stream gas pipe . 
  yes . 
  it reduces the attractiveness of illegal immigration . 
  establish an off-shore processing center ex-territorial to the schengen zone . 
  there is also a problem with countries not wanting their citizens back . 
  we need to establish a non-schengen zone for them as well , so that they can leave it at their will . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  any system depend on infinite growth of the number of its members is a financial pyramid . 
  those jobs get usually automated first . 
  source for that ? 
  population size of asia has stabilized . 
  population size of south americas is stabilized . 
  the only part of the world with increasing population is north africa and middle east . 
  i think that you forget about mental health . 
  whole towns of elderly people may be superficially optimal , but remember , that optimization of a few parameters with disregard to all other parameters often has disastrous results . 
  well , we have more automation than the romans did and we have more jobs . 
  if i could automate part of my job i would be more productive and wealthier . 
  but you can tax the owners of the robots . 
  they key performance indicator that you are looking for is the tax base . 
  for the income tax it will be the sum of the incomes of the entire population . 
  increase of the population does not imply an increased tax base . 
  the tax base is number of taxpayers x average income of the taxpayer . 
  it is the product of the population size and the average income that should increase . 
  an increase in the population size and a decrease in wages may result in a decreased tax base . 
  further , if there are many unemployed people , they will have to be given benefits , which will further erode the budget . 
  also , the people who are working will retire at some point and they will have to be given pensions . 
  this means that the optimal solution is to maintain a constant population size and to increase the wages . 
  33-45 years is not that much by aircraft standards . 
  they are not pressurized airframes , so they wear out a lot slower . 
  in the remanufacturing process the most worn out and fatigued parts are replaced any way . 
  this is also the beauty of aluminium - its properties as so well known , that we can reliably pinpoint and replace parts that have reached the end of their useful life . 
  machining is also easy and cheap . 
  much of the cost of new aircraft , be if fixed wing or rotary wing , is design , testing and certification . 
  remanufacturing avoids all that . 
  plugging in modern avionics is much less difficult . 
  exactly !, 
  the core of the problem is that germany + sweden have a radically different idea of how an european solution should work , than the rest of europe . 
  how about remanufacturing the airframes , zero-timing them and updating the electronics ? 
  neither the caracal nor the blackhawk are much better designs . 
  what is missing from the mi-8 / mi-17 is avionic updates for better situational awareness . 
  otherwise they are fine and tough birds . 
  edit : remanufacturing does n't imply that the machines would have to be sent to russia . 
  in the us there is a plenty of small-ish companies that remanufacture and update old aircraft , often the original manufacturer does n't exist any more . 
  out of the new machines , none is really suitable . 
  caracal is based on the puma airframe . 
  black hawk for poland is offered in a monkey version . 
  aw149 is still mostly a prototype and it is expensive . 
  yes , but it is not the european solution the rest of europe wants . 
  merkel wants more refugees in europe . 
  the rest of eruope wants fewer refugees in europe . 
  i think that it is significant , because it means that it is not only the visegrad 4 that opposed the german ( or more narrowly merkel 's ) idea of how we should handle the immigration .
