ok , so they are `` social conservative catholic '' . 
  by that definition neither dansk folkeparti , nor sverigedemokraterna are far right . 
  weird thing with women 's votes . 
  here in sweden , if women voted according to their views , many more would vote social-conservative , but they seem to be afraid of the stigma . 
  men seem to care less about the stigma and vote according to their views . 
  there are also some stupid things about the social-conservatives , like their attitude to abortion an climate change . 
  that 's deal-breaking . 
  i so damn envy your politicians . 
  wait , did she really say that immigration of muslims will make more germans upheld christian values ? 
  how exactly is this supposed to work ? 
  in the end , both . 
  usa , because they screw up their own businesses , germany because they screw up their customers . 
  just look at greece . 
  greece started to have really bad trade deficit around 2000 and it took one decade to run the country aground . 
  now , the greeks are too poor to buy german products . 
  depends on which `` right '' you are talking about . 
  what is labeled today as `` far right '' represents and broad spectrum of socio-economic policies : * social conservative - sd * centrist secular - df * conservative catholic - pis . 
  i do agree that the left is too comfortable being edgy towards christianity and silent towards islam . 
  to me the problem is that the left , which is supposed to be about treating everyone equally gives a wild card to the islamists . 
  i will never forgive that . 
  i criticize trade imbalance . 
  if we made rules , that we can trade freely , as long as the value of the imports is equal to the value of the exports , then everyone would benefit from the global trade . 
  the problem is not the global trade - the problem is the global trade imbalance . 
  come on , you are a nation of heroic , tough freedom warriors , not victims . 
  you are strong , and you could be invincible if you were more into science , technology and industry on top of the mental strength and willingness to fight . 
  with your mental qualities and with dedication to technology you could be more powerful than the usa today . 
  were n't these mostly jews ? 
  or you can go the chinese way and be global when it benefits you , and opt out when it does n't . 
  china has import tariffs , export tariffs , controls the exchange range of their currency , and has a long list of regulations in place to make sure that china benefits from globalization . 
  the laissez faire approach to globalization is not the only one possible . 
  global trade has existed since the ancient times , when caravans where trailing the silk road . 
  globalization understood as global trade has always existed . 
  globalization understood as unilateral opening of the market to foreign products is a new concept . 
  we can still benefit from international trade , even if we make sure that each region has an even balance between the imports and exports . 
  that was trickle . 
  many were personally oppressed , but many just wanted a better life here in the west . 
  exactly this . 
  the parties labeled as `` far right '' are the most socialist today . 
  sverigedemokraterna in sweden are the ones who want to defend the old swedish model of the society . 
  the big mistake of the socialism was going along with globalization and multiculturalism . 
  when they were faced with a choice women 's rights vs immigration from mena , they chose immigration from mena . 
  this is when the left has loft . 
  they were faced with a paradox , and they suffered a mental short circuit . 
  the only thing the left seems capable to do now , is to call all their opponents racists . 
  edit : the danish df is the most reasonable of all the `` far right '' parties . 
  they are for separation of the state and religion , they seem to be for freedom of choice with regards to abortion , and they support lgbt right . 
  they are a polar opposite the the polish pis , which also gets the label of a far right party . 
  in my opinion , we need more parties like df in europe , as fewer like pis . 
  those were not refugees , those were soldiers continuing their fight . 
  enlighten us , when was the last wave of refugees form poland ? 
  not during wwii . 
  the poles stayed in their country because they had nowhere to go - nazis in the west and south , soviets in the east . 
  you do . 
  it is just that your geopolitical interests on the big scale do not align with ours . 
  you want to appease russia . 
  we ( i.e. 
  the guys i our military who are not brainwashed hippies ) want a strong deterrence . 
  i am not sure . 
  the threats that belgium faces are different that poland faces . 
  belgium faces a domestic problem caused by immigration , poland faces a threat from `` little green men '' ( lgm ) , crimea style . 
  poland wants to build a defense against russia . 
  italy and germany want to appease russia . 
  poland will get screwed by their western `` allies '' ( more like frenemies ) again . 
  it happened before , and it will happen again . 
  sweden is also screwed , because we face both the problem of the domestic islamists , and the russian lgm and i am sure that you , italians , germans and french will not want to die for gotland . 
  the french did n't want to die for danzig and they will do the same again . 
  our idiot politicians , instead of forming a tight alliance with finland try to get us into the dysfunctional nato . 
  we would be better off if we made a local alliance in the nordics , maybe with poland also , because our local geopolitical interests align with their geopolitical interests . 
  they are also willing to fight , do n't give up easily and they are way more reliable ally than the italians or the french . 
  usually that ends in a giant with feet of clay . 
  too big and diverse organisations do not work well . 
  plenty of case studies available in the corporate . 
  the problem is that the us tried to wage the war on terror outside the us , instead of fighting the terror inside the us . 
  it is an old military doctrine of the us to try to push the conflicts away from the us soil , but it will not work this time , because the enemy has already penetrated the us and europe . 
  the reason for the mess is religion . 
  they are in europe . 
  the problem is that europe is infiltrated by radical islamists . 
  if they were done , then all radical imams would be silenced and we would not have heard about them . 
  it does n't look like that . 
  also , the muslim communities should take themselves a hard stance against terrorism . 
  learn arabic and infiltrate their breeding grounds better . 
  place agents who pretend to be convertites in mosques which are spreading radical ideology . 
  put more intelligence assets on the ground . 
  the east suffers mostly from : 1 ) economic exploitation by the soviet union during the communism . 
  2 ) local politicians not wanting to put money into technology development and not understanding technology . 
  3 ) lack of trust of the westerners in eastern european brands . 
  or , how about the poles tell the germans to stick to the liberal values and stop flirting with islamists ? 
  not islam - islamists . 
  islamis is a view that the society should be based on islam . 
  romanian ghettos ? 
  are you sure you are not mixing up romanians and the roma people ? 
  officially they are not called `` no-go zones '' , they are called `` utanf\u00f6rskapsomr\u00e5de '' . 
  would n't bedbugs and the smell of pee have more to do with the hygiene and culture among the inhabitants than the building itself ? 
  a carpenter , a welder , or a plumber will in most countries in europe make more money than a teacher or a clerk . 
  yet , we always see ee people in these jobs , and rarely immigrants from mena . 
  why ? 
  why is a life as a bus driver or a taxi driver better than a fairly creative construction job . 
  i think that it is not about failing to find a job . 
  it is about not wanting to find a job . 
  let 's be honest .
