  i also bought a piece of [ buchta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buchteln ) for later . 
  and for drink i had a bottle of sparkling water . 
  it cost 124 k\u010d , which is 4.57 $, 
  you can add czech republic to the map . 
  if you ask me , to appeal to people to vote is good thing , not bad in democracy . 
  great . 
  the word `` robot '', 
  martin roh\u00e1\u010d was former soldier . 
  when war with turkey ended , he formed his own group to rob and murder in bohemia and moravia . 
  between 1568-1571 they killed 59 people , mostly merchants . 
  near m\u011bln\u00edk they killed three pregnant women , cut out their fetuses and took from them ( from these fetuses ) hearts , lungs and livers , which they ate , for they believed it will give them courage . 
  eventually they were captured . 
  roh\u00e1\u010d was sentenced to death by gradual cutting his fingers , then executioner teared parts of his body out , then his bones were broken by breaking wheel and finally he was left do die from his injuries . 
  [ cz source ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_roh%c3%a1%c4%8d ), 
   we already pushed the limit when every former warsaw pact country got nato membership let 's tread carefully now . 
  well thanks . 
  reddit is not in poland . 
  they are very [ artistic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iib7w32dcno ) , thanks for asking . 
  watch for this weekend 's election in poland . 
  we 're all going to die !!!!!, 
  someday . 
  not at all . 
  everything but beer , 
  well i do n't know ... due to environmental and genetic factors , [ certain health concerns have a higher prevalence rate in singapore ] ( http://www.healthxchange.com.sg/healthyliving/specialfocus/pages/5-health-conditions-singaporeans-are-especially-at-risk-of-having.aspx ) as compared to other countries . 
  i always thought it fallen because abortions . 
  for same time i have feeling that these of my opinions are more and more unpopular : it 's better to be educated instead of uneducated , it 's better to be polite , not rude it 's better when stronger are helping to weaker it 's good to be able to found common ground and compromise with other people for a common goal, 
  you should see local kaufland here - every thursday ( that 's when discount week starts ) for all day whole parking lot is full and not only with old used cars , but with suvs , audis and bmws too . 
  some regional bus companies in central bohemia have it . 
  maybe you are right if we are talking about dictionary definition , but for example here in czech republic , former president vaclav klaus - he is local conservative icon - met last week with leader of czech communist party and with people from antisemitic initiative `` akce dost '' to coordinate their actions against european union . 
  he is also big supporter of vladimir putin . 
  i think that to be conservative means that you want to things were same like were in the past ( or your image of the past ) - which could be very different for different countries . 
  the europe is bunch of countries with very intertwined history - both good and bad history . 
  it 's on us to build future on that good history and to forgive each other over that bad . 
  europe is now one of the most dense populated places in the world . 
  to stay in power . 
  [ seven keys for mortal men to bring one crown for the lord on his throne ... ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/the-gate-open-to-the-bohemian-crown-jewels ), 
  do you want in future to let some another country to join eu or you want to just froze current status indefinitely ? 
  i would like to know what is putin 's end game here . 
  air strikes alone will do n't defeat is . 
  it will be not possible without boots on the ground . 
  is putin willing to start russia 's own long and big war in syria and iraq ? 
  czech media does report about him as part of info about us presidential campaign . 
  i saw both republican debates on youtube and i think trump does n't have any real program , he only shouts political version of profanities . 
  he is part of trend - in europe lately , anti-system and protest parties also emerged and gained votes in elections , but in usa two party system is so established , that only way how these voices can get influence is as part of democratic or republican party . 
  lots of wine festivals . 
  still lot of drivers is too cool to stop or slow down even if pedestrian is on the road and they see him from a far . 
  same for speed limit in urban area . 
  lot of them even does n't know right-hand rule . 
  in czech republic it was legalized in 2001 . 
  according to some statistics number of dead people on crossings per year rose four times . 
  [ stats in czech with charts ] ( http://ekonomicky-denik.cz/absolutni-prednost-chodcu-vzala-krvave-konce/ ) on the other hand police really neglects fining drivers for this violation . 
   the worst acts . . in history of poland at least ... 
  a lot of empty countries . 
  for starters - there was a sudden change in 1989 - in just year or two , every aspect of society incredibly changed , including school system , access to religion services , even very possibility for private enterprises to even exist . 
  i think it would be better if you allowed to participants to select their year of birth , not only age group . 
  then you could better filter data from these two periods . 
  i answered , but it seems that test is more western europe oriented and sometimes was hard to select correct option for post-soviet block countries . 
   there were no drugs because of the tight border controls . 
  there were drugs - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memento_ ( novel ) . 
   there were no homeless people . 
  because it was crime to not have a job . 
   everyone had the certainty of a job . 
  job assigned by the state . 
   everyone had access to quality education . 
  my education was n't very good ( born 1971 ), 
  in czechoslovakia - the communist state owned everything . 
  schools , factories , shops , justice system or police . 
  power corrupts ; absolute power corrupts absolutely so if they wanted , you would lost your current job and become stoker . 
  it was n't important if you was an engineer or a scientist . 
  only important thing was obedience to the party . 
  and the night shot . 
  http://imgur.com/a/mds9c some of these ornaments are in the family for generations . 
  i just always cooperated and i ended with a decent sum of 26 coins . 
  in real life however you have actually three choices - to cheat , to cooperate and to leave the game . 
  cheap gas , cool . 
  well some russian soldiers visited poland before . 
  it 's actually other way around . 
  eastern countries had inferiority complex , but now we developed enough to group together and fight for what we want . 
  we are emancipated now and we are becoming another power center of eu . 
  we do not mean it in bad way , it just is like it is . 
  western states were accustomed to making decisions about everything , now they will have to share power . 
  it 's a natural process . 
  it almost looks like somebody is shopping in natural gas aisle in eu supermarket . 
  not just you . 
  [ nsfw : teen daughter of czech president spotted at porn orgy ] ( http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/359957 ), 
  so what ? 
  this is freedom of speech . 
  it 's because we finally realized , that only complaints will make things done . 
  we tried invisible hand , but it did n't work out . 
  czerw ( \u010derv ) means a worm in czech . 
  just saying . 
  after all of that , we realized that be a christian does not bring any benefits . 
  poles and slovaks believed , but it does n't help them at all . 
  you are right . 
  communists did steal property of catholic church . 
  there are a few catches - like that even during communist rule , catholic church was financed by state and the church collaborated with communists . 
  but let 's forget that ... 
  the reason for the current restitution is that the catholic church ( and the other churches ) should financed itself and not be paid by the state . 
  catholic church will got 47 billions czk ( 2 billions us dollars ) and after that , they should finance themselves without any money from the state . 
  but i 'm afraid , that after all of that ... let 's say in 15 years , the catholic church will get into financial problems and indeed , the state will bail it out again .
