  we are irritated that they assume the cultural identity of people they have only the most obscure connection to . 
  claiming to be irish because their great great grandmothers pet budgie once took a shit in cork . 
  or assigning their personal traits to some obscure ancestry . 
  hard head and good at drinking because of their 1/32 irish gene and in touch with nature because of their 1/16 apache gene . 
  fuck off mclittlehorse , you 're just american . 
  well for a country as deeply roman catholic as it is , the referendum on gay marraige in ireland passed with a pretty big majority . 
  it has a terrible reputation for knife crime , gangs , gypsys and general shitholery, 
  `` irish '' americans, 
  safer than it is for a european to travel around mena . 
  the movie selection is pretty shit to be fair, 
  dubliners for general smugness . 
  munster rugby fans for a much more specific form of smugness . 
  the brits and the french achieve smug self satisfaction at not just a continental , but global level . 
  they take an almost perverse pride in being a bit shitter than the south in every way . 
  i 've lived in the south and the north and the idea that the north is friendlier is bullshit . 
  most of the first incidences i can remember of it happening involved muslims doing it to women under the honour code thing they have . 
  but it 's since become more common among gangs and other low level criminals of all ethnicities . 
  jesus that looks shit, 
  god that looks fucking awful . 
  back when i was a horny 16 year old i used to look forward to when the spanish school trips and exchange students would come to my town on trips . 
  they would go to the local teen disco and i swear all the local lads were like sharks circling . 
  have you seen the quiet man ? 
  far and away ? 
  brad pitts accent in snatch ? 
  julia roberts in michael collins ? 
  they 've set us back decades . 
  the british , the irish , american tourists , the film industry , its been constant, 
  probably french or german . 
  most people will have studied 1 or the other as a second or third language . 
  i assume it similar to poteen in which case it blows the head off you . 
  probably this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ) although to be fair there are an awful lot of contenders . 
  come to donegal in a dress , with an adams apple and size 10 feet and people will point and stare mate . 
  outside of the bigger cities people are still very conservative . 
  legally there might not be any issues with it , but socially you would still be seen as something a bit weird . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with it but that 's just the way it is . 
  every day . 
  i use whatever shampoo is closest . 
  given the diaspora i think its safe to say the usa . 
  and despite the history , i 'm 100 % positive that the uk would dig in to help us in a scrap too . 
  they essentially provide our air defence as it is . 
  some americans have come to ireland and been genuinely surprised it was n't like a scene from the quiet man with a load of leprechauns running about the place with lucky charms and crocks of gold, 
  like that in iraq and afghanistan too . 
  conor mcgregor . 
  absolute beast . 
  as european mainstream politics has drifted further left in the last 20 years , mainstream us politics starts to look more and more bizarre . 
  the groundswell of sympathy the us had after sept 11th 2001 was frittered away after a steady stream of bush 's wars , the tea party , repeated school shooting that you do nothing about , the rise of hillary and trump and now your current government . 
  its like a constant stream of idiocy that just drains you . 
  i love america and americans but it just gets so hard to defend you when you keep doing dumb things . 
  that and the way so many americans act online . 
  its like/r/murica is n't even a parody anymore . 
  ireland at its heart is still quite a socially conservative country , so people who are trans are still viewed as something of an oddity . 
  words like tranny are still common . 
  people will still point and stare . 
  i hate rebel tunes with a passion . 
  love traditional irish music but rebel tunes are as obnoxious as all the true blue loyalist stuff up north . 
  hell no . 
  i would n't be in the slightest bit surprised if there was a united ireland and a whole new period of troubles in ulster in the next 20 years . 
  moved from ireland to the uk and have lived in several places here but have settled in the northeast , just outside newcastle . 
  i would n't consider moving back to ireland any time soon . 
  the schools , infrastructure , healthcare , police , public transport , job market , everything is just better here . 
  also , as someone who is protestant and spent some time in the british military , i do n't want to constantly be explaining myself to people who have n't pulled their heads out of the 70 's yet . 
  and there is plenty of them about still . 
  the only thing i miss about ireland is certain foods , drink , nightlife and family . 
  most of my circle of friends emigrated to canada or the uk and i do n't think any of them have plans to go home . 
  house prices are better at home but then that is because off the arse falling out of the housing market . 
  rare outside of certain religious circles . 
  thank christ . 
  it 's funny how often maps titled `` countries where percentage of population [ insert fucked up thing here ] '' include a swathe of 3rd world countries and the usa as being most prevalent . 
  `` where are you going / with your fetlocks blowing in the ... . ... . . wind, 
  the fields of athenry . 
  they are referring to politicians not elected by them . 
  its politicians elected by the french , germans , spanish , belgians etc making laws that affect the uk and ireland . 
  just like our elected meps are involved in making laws in those countries . 
  people do n't like it when meps they did n't vote for have a say in the laws of their own countries . 
  were you born in a field ? 
  well they are only as slutty as the dudes they are fucking . 
  and how do you propose they do that ? 
  and why is it their responsibility ? 
  maybe take some responsibility for it . 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  you 're still wrong . 
  what you are describing is drill sergeant hyperbole . 
  the method of saluting is almost entirely arbitrary , based off the evolution of existing traditions . 
  eg the us military and royal navy salute evolved away from the british army way of saluting because it was felt that it was right and proper to hide dirty palms from dignitaries and royalty . 
  the irish salute is the same as the american one specifically to differentiate it from the british one . 
  the british have never been conquered either but we salute palm out . 
  source - long career in british army, 
  my old regiment maintains some traditions that go back to the 1640 's . 
  even though we were only formed in 1900 , we adopted many traditions from the grenadier guards who were formed before the civil war . 
  we wear bearskins that were robbed from the french at waterloo and the changing of the guard and trooping of the colour are traditions that go back to the 17th century . 
  the dubliners are massive here but probably totally unknown outside of ireland and possibly the uk . 
  wet windy and generally shit . 
  irish in england . 
  it 's so hard maintaining the reputation for hard drinking when i am a total lightweight by irish standards . 
  i 'm drunk after only about 10 pints of guinness . 
  captain america is irish . 
  steve rogers parents were both irish immigrants so our boy cap is officially one of ours . 
  i 'd never thought about it before but now that you point it out i agree , our historys are remarkably similar . 
  meet person .
