ah ok . misunderstood the question, 
  any european or japanese one . 
  we dont really care about american cars to be honest . 
  thats completely different . 
  op asked about negotiations for the release of hostages . 
  you 're talking about a peace process in an armed conflict between belligerents . 
  two different scenarios . 
  until you get replaced by georgia that is . 
  we were technically colonised though . 
  notably the various plantations which took english and scottish settlers and gave them vast tracts of land . 
  the local populace was displaced . 
  the ulster plantation was probably the most succesful example and its effects can still be seen today with the ulster scots dialect . 
  it should n't . 
  it sets a precedent . 
  they should keep them talking long enough for special forces or police to go in and kill the terrorists . 
  i can see her leaving after the brexit negotiations and jacob rees-mogg riding a wave of populism to the leadership . 
  we have sensible gun laws . 
  `` for the craic '' justifies a lot . 
  yes and i find it pretty irritating . 
  performed in the basel tattoo twice . 
  can honestly say , hand on heart that those two weeks were the best two weeks of my life . 
  the craic was great and swiss women are surprisingly ... uh shall we say friendly . 
  ridiculously expensive though . 
  met a syrian refugee family in gateshead . 
  it was a couple with 3 or 4 kids . 
  never met the father . 
  their story was that their uncle had been murdered in the fighting , the father had severe ptsd and other mental health issues and the mother was trying her best to hold it all together . 
  she was trying to get a council house in a new area because a local priest had convinced her to move into a certain area in gateshead that used to be good but is now shit . 
  the council origionally tried to put her with some other syrian refugees in an area that used to be shit but is now ok . 
  the priest was working off old assumptions and reputations . 
  anyway she was trying to move because her kids were being bullied quite badly by local kids and even some of the adults . 
  i was part of a team trying to help them get sorted . 
  i went to her home with a colleague and honestly that encounter changed my entire perception . 
  her son who is about 10 greeted us at the door and translated for us . 
  at 10 years old this little boy was translating difficult concepts . 
  at 10 he was also taking on the responsibility as the `` man '' in the house since his father was in such a bad way psychologically . 
  his sisters were the most charming and polite kids i 've ever met . 
  his mother couldnt do enough to be hospitable . 
  she cooked an amazing spread of traditional syrian food that was honestly absolutely delicious . 
  this at a time when she is under considerable stress and pressure . 
  the whole encounter really made me challenge my preconceptions of the refugees coming to europe . 
  if every family coming here were like that i would say the more the merrier . 
  however , it is just a fact that they arent . 
  i know , its bad isnt it . 
  the brits and irish are some of the worst practitioners of english on the planet . 
   sorry uk & ireland , you ca n't participate . 
  hey fuck you buddy , we 'll participate if we want !, 
  judging by some of the people i 've met in newcastle , i 'm gon na say england . 
  did the touristy thing in marmaris . 
  i wont be back any time soon while that cunt erdogan is in charge though . 
  swiss-american becomes the cool new thing for culturally confused americans to claim as their heritage . 
  ireland no longer has a reason to feel smug and self righteous both to and about irish-americans . 
  declares war and in some form of mental gymnastics simultaneously declares neutrality in aforementioned war . 
  we 'll be staying neutral in the great irish-swiss war, 
  `` in the shit '', 
  true story, 
  that was hilarious . 
  til theres a letterkenny in canada too . 
  hot , milk , 1 sugar in a mug . 
  no time for fancy pantsy flavours and concoctions . 
  just gim me that caffeine, 
  yes that pleasantness too . 
  probably donegal . 
  shit roads , no rail access and our biggest town , letterkenny , is only 19k people . 
  we do n't really have any major industry other than fisheries but even that is struggling . 
  the county has a kind of wild landscape and is very beautiful in that regard but it is n't easy to get to . 
  the 1 big hospital , letterkenny general , is an absolute shambles . 
  apart from the nightlife which is pretty good in fairness , a better version of almost everything can be found by driving across the border to derry city . 
  to be honest it was a good atmosphere and the canadians were good sports . 
  we went to the spoons down the street to watch the sa v japan game and the atmosphere in the was epic , almost as good as in the millenium . 
  i dont know enough to shit talk on their behalf so il take your word for it man !, 
  ah ok , i get it . 
  it 's a one way rivalry though surely as basel is the only swiss team worth talking about ;-), 
  wasnt rommel and quite a lot of the upper echelons of the military basically old aristocracy ? 
   scousers : good sense of humour but will pinch your hubcap i hear this all the time ( usually from scousers ) and it generally true right up until you take the piss out of a scousers and then they have such a sense of humour fail . 
  they can give it but are shit at taking it . 
   geordies : wear barely any clothes on a night out married one , oh god how i wish that was accurate . 
  i love basel !, 
  performed in the basel tattoo twice and both times are in my top 5 all time experiences . 
  ive got two amazing great little boys that i love with all my heart . 
  the make me proud every day and i wouldnt be without them . 
  that being said , i 'm 1 pregnancy scare away from cutting my own dick off . 
    that little war we had . 
  just 1 ? 
  if i had to guess id say that unlike english most of the languages of europe are confined to the country of origin therefore there isnt a standard accent to them . 
  also i 'm not sure there is any such thing as a standard accent in the bigger languages like english , french or spanish . 
  what would you say is the standard accent for english for example ? 
  protestants generally like and respect theirs . 
  the catholics i think are a bit sick of hearing about theirs touching kids . 
  seen it at the rugby world cup when we played canada . 
  i think the canadians started it but i joined in . 
  felt a bit of a twat though . 
  protestants in the republic of ireland have been in steady decline for decades for a number of reasons that i wont go into , dropping from around 10 % of the population during the formation if the state to around 4 % now . 
  those of us that are left are broken down into church of ireland , presbyterian , methodist , baptists and a number of smaller denominations . 
  coi is the largest followed by presbyterians . 
  church of ireland was actually the established church in ireland at one point despite the overwhelming majority of the country being roman catholic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestantism_in_the_republic_of_ireland?wprov=sfla1 some good info can be found here, 
  in fairness , everything south of donegal town is a dive to me . 
  i really wanted to find a limerick about limerick to describe its shittery but they are surprisingly hard to find, 
  we arent annoyed they show an interest .
