  wait , belgium is a real place ? 
  i thought it was a running joke the brits made up to irritate the french . 
  yea theres the old story here about a man getting stopped at a paramilitary checkpoint and at gun point being asked if he was catholic or protestant . 
  he tries to be clever and replies he is a jew to which the gunman replies `` well are n't i the lucky muslim '' . 
  and i myself am a protestant athiest . 
  even our athiests are catholic . 
  true true, 
  yup an irish band has won it 7 out of the last 10 years with a canadian band winning twice and a scottish band just once . 
  thats just grade one though . 
  we arent as dominant in the lower grades . 
  you guys are pretty damned tanned to be fair . 
  kinda like people thinking hitler was german ? 
  just the crimean part . 
  its hardly a war . 
  that little bitch ass lyons loses to the all conquering barrys every time . 
  yea that 's true . 
  they might have invented pipe bands however , ours are the best in the world . 
  hell no . 
  ca n't fault that logic . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's there in the name . 
  i love my country . 
  that 's why i moved to britain - to spread the love . 
  most of your country . 
  i mean have you been to hull ? 
  i only watch the final to laugh at some of the crap other countries send . 
  god i miss terry wogans commentary . 
  because it 's pretty over rated to be honest . 
  the catholics, 
  very little actually . 
  i 've seen a fair bit of ulster and my home county , a bit of dublin and visited limerick for like a day . 
  other than that pretty much nothing . 
  i 'd hazard i 've actually seen far far more of the uk than of ireland . 
  i 've certainly visited far more of its big towns and cities . 
  that will be because i 've spent most of my adult life in the uk and my 1st 18 years where i was n't independently mobile in ireland . 
  i think in the current climate i might be better off with an irish one . 
  i would be if i was still there . 
  i know . 
  i almost swapped my irish passport for a british one out of humiliation . 
  i lost a pint downing competition to an american . 
  it was guinness too . 
  the shame still burns deep within . 
  its hard to say because that applies to most of the country outside of dublin to be honest . 
  that and the general demeanour . 
  they are ridiculously positive . 
  not a bad thing of course but it is in stark contrast to the general pessimism you find in the uk and ireland and many place on mainland europe . 
  yea . 
  i was pretty determined to shag a girl from every european country when i was younger and was doing pretty well . 
  then i met my wife who is english and never looked back . 
  the only problem is that typical of the english , she knows very little of the history of our two islands and typical of the irish i know far too much . 
  it 'll be the massive baggy teeshirt , cargo shorts , socks with sandals/flip flops , fanny pack and camera around your neck that give you away . 
  that and your general volume and attempt to tip everyone . 
  baseball caps are pretty common to be honest . 
  katie hopkins is n't really a pundit/political commentator . 
  she 's just a fame hungry skank that has n't shut the cunt hole on her face since appearing on the apprentice . 
  they think its when they let their mate have a go on the sheep 1st . 
  dunno about worst as in driving ability but worst in terms of sheer assholery is definitely londoners in general and london taxi drivers specifically . 
  we lost over half of our population to starvation and migration so pretty common . 
  there 's more people claiming to be irish in like 3 cities in the us alone than there is in ireland . 
  english food and irish food are essentially the same thing and i do n't think there is anything wrong with it al all . 
  sure its not full of weird and exotic flavours but its damn good comfort food especially on a shitty winters day . 
  whether its a nice shepherds pie or a stew or even some of the brilliant seafood you can get on the coast its all good . 
  i think its a myth from the snobbier european cuisines that our food is somehow bad . 
  in my experience though the worst was swiss or czech . 
  just pretty boring and bland in general . 
  hopefully you 'll come to ireland and experience some it here.i 'm going to the vendee in august and hoping to soak up some of your culture . 
  especially the red wine and good food aspect of that culture !, 
  i know technically `` mediterranean '' should probably mean all countries that border the med but i really only consider the southern european ones to be mediterranean . 
  the others i view as african , middle eastern or at a push balkan . 
  dunno why . 
  i 'd have said germany , switzerland and austria . 
  i do n't think we really make much `` stuff '' so pretty much everything is chinese or european . 
  i 'd say that is probably because of how many irish petty criminals got banished there when it was a penal colony . 
  not much more than the war of independence , ww2 and the cold war . 
  anything else is only in the context its relationship with ireland or her political leaders . 
  not so much a secession depending on how you look at it but i can see there being a united ireland within twenty or thirty years . 
  all that is really needed is for a majority of the people to want it and for it to be more advantageous to be in the republic of ireland than the uk . 
  that is n't really possible right now because protestants ( who are mostly unionist ) slightly outnumber catholics ( who are mostly republican ) . 
  however catholics are having more kids than protestants and have been for years . 
  on top of that , the catholic community tends to be on the more welcoming side to people coming to the country from eastern europe and elsewhere . 
  in a few years these people will be allowed to vote . 
  and they will likely side with the people that welcomed them as opposed to burning them out . 
  the other issue is that there is really nothing better about the republic of ireland than the uk . 
  the benefits system , education , healthcare , public services , infrastructure , basically everything is better in the uk . 
  ireland ca n't afford the north , with its security costs and everything else anyway . 
  basically , right now , at this moment in time , a lot of republicans are republicans in name only and would n't vote to make their own personal circumstances worse . 
  in 10 , 20 or 30 years though , who knows . 
  about 2500 miles give or take if we go with english . 
  i do n't think anywhere else speaks gaelic outside of europe . 
  best serenading international sports fans . 
  whether its random people on french balconies or holly holm during a ufc q&a , we love a good sing song . 
  best crisp selection . 
  seriously , tayto for the win . 
  or at the very least a straight 6 points and 100 quid fine . 
   the uk is n't our biggest trading partner anymore til . 
  surprised we export so much to belgium as well http://www.worldstopexports.com/irelands-top-import-partners/, 
  i dunno mate , we only joined the eu because britain did and if all of a sudden there are tariffs put on with our biggest trading partner that 80 % figure might start dwindling . 
  although why it 's at that percentage at all after the way the country was bullied over the lisbon treaty referendum is beyond me . 
  culturally i 'd have said you are very much your own thing . 
  you guys are like the hippies of europe .
