  agree the fucking was agreeable to both parties . 
  fuck again . 
  agree both parties enjoy this fucking . 
  agree to fuck each other exclusively . 
  begin meaningful relationship . 
  fuck lots . 
  marry . 
  fuck less . 
  i for one would welcome our new alien overlords . 
  1914-18 its really interesting to contrast the experience of the hundreds of thousands of irish soldiers who fought in the british army in ww1 and those that fought against the british in 1916 and the changing perception of the general public to both groups before and after 1916 and beyond . 
  pineapple does n't go on pizza . 
  it does indeed . 
  cool . 
  til . 
  thanks for the info . 
  wait ? 
  are austrians not germans ? 
  not trying to be a dick , i genuinly thought you guys are ethnically german . 
  wasnt that one of the main reasons for the austro / prussian war , ie to be the dominant german kingdom ? 
  oh look , an austrian trying to reunite a nation , how shocking . 
  yes i do , rightly or wrongly . 
  gods country - ireland british isles - everything not gods country or scandinavian working europe - northern france , germany , benelux , switzerland , austria and northern italy . 
  essentially where the money is . 
  the holiday belt - everywhere with a mediterranean beach and a refugee crisis . 
  why ca n't we all just get along europe - former yugoslav states , greece and turkey ( some overlap with holiday belt europe ) the `` birth place of all the best bouncers , barmaids , pornstars and street criminals '' europe - basically all those slavic countries that used to be russia 's mates before 1990 . 
  the `` i ca n't believe you people used to be vikings '' europe - scandinavia and iceland . 
  the `` all those countries i can never remember on sporcle because you are as about relevant as ireland '' europe - uhhhhhhhh pass . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ joking . 
  ^ ^ ^ kinda . 
  of course not . 
  individuals here and there might , but as a continent and as individual countries , we are allies and friends of america and her people and recognise the tremendous dept of gratitude we owe . 
  but that does n't mean we have to blow smoke up your ass . 
  being critical of certain policies or of your spacker of a president or some of the frankly mental things some of you guys get up to and argue about does not equal hate . 
  america is n't above criticism . 
  for a show with almost universally awful characters its really fun . 
  it 's the fanbase that let it down . 
  they are rapidly approaching steven universe levels of obnoxiousness . 
  is in bruges american made ? 
  maybe taken or one of the other liam neeson movies . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012/08/14/irish-crisp-confusion-hits-uk_n_1775661.html ours is the original and best . 
  fact . 
  i used to have to go to christian camp . 
  admittedly it was fun . 
  but summer camps were n't all that common to be honest . 
  certainly not as like how american ones are portrayed on tv . 
  im 32 and still accidently say pounds ( nobody ever used to say punts in donegal when referring to our old currency ), 
  you including donegal in that assesment ? 
  we have flags . 
  you guys have flegs . 
  we have tayto too . 
  but ours comes in different bags ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ nicer . 
  do n't forget their kink for thatcher, 
  i gave him directions to the middle of nowhere . 
  hey englands a small place , do you know that guy john smith ? 
  no shit , i once got asked by an american where he could go to find some leprechauns . 
  depends if they 're protestant athiests or catholic athiests i guess . 
  the differences in culture between northern irish protestant and southern irish protestant are pretty stark . 
  they are all about shoving that culture down your throat . 
  band parades , orange marches , bonfires on the 11th night , red white and blue kerb stones , flegs , permanently attached rangers tops etc they are big loud and in your face about being protestant and loyal to the crown . 
  in the republic we are all about keeping our religion and culture to ourselves because of how traditionally hostile the republic of ireland has been to the protestant minority . 
  especially in border counties where the population shrunk by over 50 % due to intimidation . 
  churches , halls and homes burnt to the ground , assault in the street even murder . 
  it all gets hushed up by the irish press but those of us who have grown up protestant in donegal in the 80 's know all about it . 
  we quickly learned to keep our religion to ourselves . 
  would never dare wear a rangers top in public . 
  would never publically acknowledge that we were n't particularly keen on leaving the uk in 1922 . 
  that generation saw themselves as british and certainly within the other three counties of ulster , felt abandoned to their fate , which ultimately was the intimidation and persecution i mentioned above . 
  obviously there are plenty of other differences culturally within the island of ireland but i just wanted to mention something that never gets brought up and i doubt many of my catholic friends here or in real life would even really have considered or even been aware of . 
  the sjw , pc obsessed , outrage culture that seems to have seeped into every facet of life . 
  and the culture of suing people in frivolous lawsuits just to try to make a few quid . 
  barry 's vs lyons tea . 
  drank by right minded people and fucking savages respectively . 
  i 've only ever seen the phrase westbrit in the cancer that is the youtube comments section . 
  i would n't be able to stop laughing long enough to be offended if someone called me it in real life . 
  northeast england . 
  grey and shitty . 
  and that 's on good days . 
  my ideal weather is something closer to that of southern france . 
  guinness , carlesburg and tiger . 
  definitely not . 
  im a republic of ireland born protestant that has spent a career in the british army and am not ashamed to say i love the uk . 
  depending on who you speak to , i 'm either an oddity at best or a full blown traitor at worst . 
  c'est la vie by b * witched . 
  obviously . 
  more donegal based but - lad , sham , sir . 
  elsewhere you have - mate , boss , fella , mucker . 
  not fluent enough in irish to give gaelic examples other than mo chara, 
  around easter 1997 until now . 
  not particularly . 
  it bothers me more on 17th march when you absolutely butcher our culture . 
  i mean , dyeing beer green ? 
  what the fuck boston !, 
  depends on their job . 
  french teacher ? 
  not really . 
  just about anything else , yes . 
  someone is in trouble, 
  fields of athenry , the wild rover , rocky road to dublin , black velvet band . 
  basically the entire back catalogue of the dubliners . 
  and yea pretty much everyone in ireland is in to their folk music in a big way .
