irish here . 
  brb , drunk and picking a fight, 
  how 's nama working out for you over there ? 
  that does not happen in irish prisons . 
  they would be killed . 
  the polish have pulled their weight in every country . 
  when i used to live in ireland these people were damn hard workers . 
  i remember working with a few polish guys at one point and they would get up at 6 am and finish at close to midnight just to get the job done . 
  it was like being back in the ireland i grew up in , the one we have lost today . 
  respect . 
  finish the damn application criteria and then come join the party !, 
  decline in population problem : solved / dusts hands and walks away, 
  i thought that too . 
  peace between catholic and protestant . 
  awesome spirit . 
  about the common agricultural policy : although farmers in many european union countries are efficient and produce high yields , land , input and fuel costs make them uncompetitive with farmers elsewhere . 
  without additional financial support , many farmers would be unable to sustain their businesses and the overall rural economy would suffer significantly . 
  as a result , the eu operates the common agricultural policy , which supports farmers by providing a range of price guarantees , direct payments and other instruments , including quotas and tariffs on some imported produce . 
  by setting this up on a pan-european basis , national governments can no longer provide separate direct support for their agricultural sectors , but instead administer funds distributed via the cap . 
  i have no problem with you yankee infidels at all . 
  i especially like your take on federalism in the eu as you kids across the pond have a bit more experience than us ... well when i used to live in ireland . 
  fair point . 
  i wish i could upvote this x1000 , you should get bonus points from this summary . 
  awful awful pm . 
  awful . 
  anyone with access to the internet in the first place can bypass these filters with minimal effort after a quick google search . 
  here in aus we had some christian communications minister trying to implement one for years and rejected such arguments . 
  his stance from any opposition if challenged was simply `` so you support child pornography then do you ? '' . 
  simpleton ... every few months i read a story on how to a government is going to block access to content and i always ask how ? 
  there is never any new approach . 
  all they ever achieve is pushing people further underground and using technologies that make it harder for them to monitor . 
  i would have thought access to a trading market of 650 million europeans would be a good reason to stay ? 
  also , when countries repay their debt to the imf it would seem those creditors are not out of pocket at all ans subsequently the countries who contribute to the fund itself . 
  i would agree with with this . 
  not in my lifetime though . 
  the world stage is being run by super powers . 
  personally i would n't be opposed to it at all as i believe united we stand etc. 
  that said however , the irish state for example ( as far as independance goes ) is less than 100 years old . 
  sovereignty is still a very important issue to a lot of e.u countries like that . 
  simply put they are not ready for such a leap just yet . 
  ca n't tell if serious or sarcasm, 
  we tried that a few years back what we got was a half assed tram system and tunnels that were too small for trucks to fit in ... you have no idea the level of incompetence we are dealing with . 
  yeah it 's a city designed for horses and carts . 
  problems that come with heritage or being an old city, 
  the referendum was a farce in the first place . 
  there was no ` better deal ' on the table . 
  they admitted that they fucked up hardcore and are now basically agreeing to what is on the table before with minor changes . 
  the ` bargain ' they got was peanuts to the creditors . 
  syrzia have effectively achieved nothing except bank closures worrying the craps out of their citizens and almost bringing the country to the brink of bankruptcy and isolation from the rest of the world . 
  austerity is coming to greece regardless and it is the best possible outcome for greece . 
  article written by pro eu dude . 
  while i am pto eu article seems like a guess or ` what if ' piece . 
  i have no doubt that if brexit were to occur both britain and the eu would both lose out . 
  hmm so why didnt the irish have to sing in , well , irish ? 
  cheating pikies . 
  more and more member states want it . 
  this will happen sooner or later . 
  not at all . 
  but it certainly wont be a good thing leaving a trading block with access to 500m people . 
  i 'd just say its not goimg to be a positive for the uk or eu, 
  their not a bad bunch are they . 
  how will this affect taxing between the uk and eu ? 
  it 's a market of 650m ppl . 
  never waste a good crisis, 
  not going to argue with that . 
  but i will say for a fair few of us , it 's in the past . 
  just to add here , you have to remember the irish state is still young . 
  it was only officially ratified in 1921 - not even 100 years old . 
  you 're probably going to need a few generations more before it 's accepted . 
  we have shared so much history . 
  this is a fact . 
  i remember even bertie ahern state this back in the day . 
  would n't mind but i kind of see it as unnecessary , we 're all in europe , have free trade and the ability to live and work across borders and for the most part are now all working together better than any time in history . 
  i feel the same about n.i and unification . 
  you 've been saying that for years :p, 
  that 's exactly the thing . 
  ireland is a neutral country and the people are very proud of their stance on it . 
  the thought of invading other countries is abhorrent to the people of the country . 
  an eu army means ireland will play a part in potentially doing just that . 
  still better than 80 's ireland, 
  it buys time . 
  no he is saying he will simply block them until negotiations are complete . 
  the ss taylor swift . 
  wait for it, 
  it probably could n't mobilise when first formed , but you got ta start somewhere . 
  it will refine over time . 
  im upvoting you because you are correct . 
  investers speculate on the market and will move money out to ensure it stays safe . 
  once the negotiations are complete i would expect things to stabilize a lot . 
  uk will have lots of ups and downs over the next few years and the final outcome is somewhat unpredictable until the dust settles . 
  never thought of that . 
  unexpected benefit, 
  did indeed but fair balls to her . 
  doing what the electorate voted for . 
  i think the point is nato is not 100 % eu controlled . 
  its a partnership with eu and non-eu members . 
  if the eu wants to do something it has to seek agreement with other nations meaning it could be sacrificing it 's best interests to deploy troops . 
  someone else mentioned in another post it would take years to grow an eu army and they are correct . 
  start it now , grow it and reduce nato . 
  europe gets more control over it 's defences .
