  i see this as a plus as personally i like the idea as the eu would have a bigger bargaining chip . 
  or australia, 
  but i 'm rich . 
  backoff pleb !, 
  ireland most certainly does, 
  suuure you can do that . 
  just sign on the dotted line saying you opt out of the cap and it 's all good . 
  / sits back watches local produce prices skyrocket, 
  upvote because no one here gets it , 
  i would strongly disagree with you . 
  the leave voters are not united in their reasons to leave . 
  i saw people in sunderland being interviewed as to why the voted out and their reasoning was the rich in london reap the benefits while they get nothing and i quote `` we showed them we 're in charge '' . 
  this is just one of many reasons given . 
  thats how they used to do fingerprints . 
  chuck em in a machine and it pops out 10 potential matches then an analyst goes through them to refine the search . 
  not exactly a great comparison i know but i hope it helps paint the picture . 
  watch nigel farage sort out the british economy with this one trick . 
  eastern euros hate him !, 
  theres a lot more work here that 's for sure, 
  examples or gtfo . 
  we know bud , just 51 % or so . 
  have it here in aus . 
  does n't work , you just get uneducated or single issue voters trying not to get a fine . 
  no it is not the youths fault . 
  there are many faults : - uk politicians using the eu as a scapegoat for years for their own ineptitude and political reasons building negative public opinion . 
  - uk politicians trying to bluff and stongarm the eu into preferential treatment on border policy . 
  - uk politicians lying to the public about how the uk benefits from the eu via scare tactics . 
  - uk people uneducated in what the actual eu is and what membership means . 
  i could go on here but whats the point . 
  it 's not the kids fault . 
  its time those who voted leave took some fucking responsibility . 
  thats only like 10 cents right ? 
  we can hope . 
  i think there 's a chance of brexit2 ? 
  i would agree . 
  the eu wo n't be easy on the uk . 
  not by a long shot . 
  if anything they might be looking to make an example out of it . 
  france has said lots of times ` if you 're out you 're out ' and i agree with this . 
  if you leave you do n't get to keep the perks , any of them . 
  you are on your own . 
  young people dont care as much about consequences as older people do . 
  hell i was ` untouchable ' at 18-22, 
  not worried . 
  i can imagine scotland trying for brexit again soon after, 
  you never go full telegraph , mang . 
  we do . 
  most heart the eu . 
  do n't black and white it , you can not compare the two at all . 
  doubtful . 
  ni is too sensitive a situation to have such a thing . 
  that said , we will wait and see . 
  irish ministers and taoiseach already said that it will be completely unacceptable . 
  it 's worth 350 million mate, 
  hope things getter for not just you . 
  everyone . 
  welcome !, 
  yup . 
  getting ready to buy # & $ ... its gon na be volatile for a bit , but thats where you cash in , 
  happy for it to be amended but i think it will be needed if the eu conties to grow . 
  you ca n't fight in the war room !, 
  plan is to make you host it . 
  oh ffs jist give this dude enough rope to hang himself . 
  depends . 
  for example xmr ( monero ) , one of the crypto currencies has in built protection making it very difficult to trace . 
  but that 's a moot point . 
  there are different flavours of blockchains out there , for example ethereum uses its own . 
  what they would be talking about is creating their own blockchain ( i would guess ) like some of the larger system integrators are doimg now - accenture springs to mind . 
  im using the above as an example of privacy of course , not a use case . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/monero_ ( cryptocurrency ), 
  i 'm not 100 % sold but ... https://followmyvote.com/online-voting-technology/blockchain-technology/, 
  i 'm gon na watch that again when i get home, 
  is anyone else thinking ` speed ' ? 
  he was in charge after the gfc hit and bought in things like water charges etc to pay the bill off . 
  lots of unpopular taxes etc. 
  also said we wont ever do x then a later x comes in . 
  in reality he has had a tough time getting the country back on track and did what needed to be done however one of my friends analogies was this : `` say you get a builder in to build you a house . 
  it might be the best house ever built . 
  but the sheer headache of dealing with that builder makes you never want to deal with them again '' . 
  careful of the thought police . 
  have you completed your 2 minute hate today ? 
  but brexit was never supposed to happen , 
  i would agree . 
  i 'd say there were a number of factors that came into it . 
  yup . 
  no one wants that job at the moment . 
  it 's the c64 load screen all over again . 
  warning : flag may induce epilepsy episodes . 
  you 'll never change these people 's minds unless their kid dies of a preventable disease . 
  sad . 
  australia made it mandatory for kids to get vaccinated . 
  additionall all tax benefits are revoked if parents refuse to do so . 
  cept ' in britain . 
  mate , i 'm in an airport in canberra with the missus and we were glong through all the pics of the castles and this pops up . 
  we wet ourselves . 
  thumbs up . 
  kfc ? 
  born ireland , live au . 
  to add accenture has recently pateneted a financial blockchsin technology . 
  it had to be due to some hacker cunt stealing millions and millions on people .
