  you 're a bully . 
  you think complex social and cultural problems can be fixed by bullying . 
  it 's the most optimal profit margin for the supermarket . 
  all men are of jail , and women and children starve without potato . 
  is no joke , only sadness . 
  we buy all our shit online , from abroad . 
  does n't show up on this chart . 
  i am ashamed that you and i come from the same country . 
  i hate coming back from a trip to germany and having a wallet full of tiny , useless copper . 
  we have a surplus due to recent right-wing political posturing . 
  awesome !, 
  it means practices are changing , often due to increasing tourism from countries where tipping is customary . 
  not on this list : san marino 's current incarceration rate is 6 per 100,000 ... on a population of 32,000 !, 
  that 's a total of 2 prisoners . 
  it gets even better : until not long ago , san marino had [ only 1 prisoner ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sanmarino/8330662/the-worlds-most-pampered-and-bored-prisoner.html ) . 
  because ( rental ) houses are not nearly worth as much in an investment portfolio . 
  this is gold !, 
  slavoj zizek ljubljana is very nice , or so i hear quietly doing very well for themselves after joining the eu, 
  they did that . 
  many newly planned suburbs took forever to get built on . 
  [ this comic will answer all your questions ] ( http://satwcomic.com/coat-of-arms ), 
  i know i know . 
  just messing with ya . 
  rural folk , man , ca n't be helped . 
  shit , we even have a bible belt in the netherlands . 
   we suck at helping the poor . 
  which is extra ironic for a country that loves jesus so much . 
  absolutely possible . 
  for example , while this property bubble is happening , we 're also having a huge problem with empty office buildings . 
  investment companies will set up property development conglomerates to build new offices for them , after which it goes into a holding company which they direct , and then they rent the building . 
  the assets of the holding company then show up on their books as leverage enabling them to get cheaper loans to invest with . 
  ** tl ; dr ** these financial types are fucking scum, 
  english is ubiquitous in our country but it is able to coexist perfectly with dutch . 
  we are an extremely bilingual country ( some of us are even trilingual or quadrilingual ) and i do n't see any of us ceasing to speak dutch any time soon . 
  i for one welcome our new polish overlords . 
  in addition to the other answers , it 's also worth mentioning that the property developers had formed a cartel and were keeping supply low and prices high . 
  because unemployment was still under control back then . 
  as long as the people with the too expensive mortgages still had jobs , they could sustain . 
  but slowly people started getting laid off , and had to sell their house , but nobody was buying , so house value started to drop . 
  this caused a ripple effect through the economy , because money was coming to a standstill . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
  rent controlled housing . 
  the country seems to be going berserk and i do n't see who could be supported at this moment to stop this from happening . 
  if you 're going to intervene , you should at least know what the fuck is going on . 
  have a housing shortage 2 . 
  instead of tackling the housing shortage head-on , implement all kinds of quirky tax benefits and baffling mortgage constructs , in the hopes that the free market will spring into gear and start building 3 . 
  of course it does n't ; scarcity is great for property developers , and mortgage prices go through the roof because people are able to borrow so easily ( and they will , because they need a place to live ) 4 . 
  houses become so expensive , that when the crisis hits , the property market grinds to a screeching halt and people are left with a mortgage worth 150 % of the actual value of the house big fucking surprise, 
  at many of these festivals you 'll see kids scavenging around for empty cups to trade for money or tokens . 
  they actually like doing it . 
  it 's awesome . 
  yeah , on large soda bottles and beer bottles . 
  small 0,5 l bottles do n't have it yet ; government is having massive trouble getting it through due to a lobby against it . 
  in fact , a few large supermarket chains were even lobbying against the system as a whole a while ago , but that did n't go over well with the public , pr-wise . 
  russia fucking hates the eu , and i do n't blame them at all . 
   oh , and i would have expected you guys to make jokes about how shitty our roads are as well yes , we do that as well . 
  and your ugly houses . 
  i laughed . 
  very clever , 
  i think they lucked out on that one . 
  they 've been without a functional government for so long they never had to suffer a single-minded center-right coalition with tunnel vision implementing all kinds of bone-headed austerity measures against all better judgement , ruining economic recovery . 
  let the games begin !, 
  i thought that was more of a cultural clash . 
  we make jokes about your intelligence and you make jokes about us being cheap bastards . 
  never did it occur to me that we were competing at something . 
  russian government seems panicked lately . 
  they 've been acting weird and throwing their weight around in a way that 's probably counter-productive . 
  it 's ok ukraine , you 're welcome to join us if you want . 
  let 's hope your economy does n't suffer too much in the meantime . 
   to get out russian authorities should be worrying about a brain drain , then . 
  i disagree . 
  showing other redditors where you 're from should be optional , not mandatory . 
  i 'm not going to judge people for not showing a flair because it 's their choice to not do so . 
  wait , what ? 
  do we have some sort of rivalry thing going on that i was n't informed about ? 
  what ? 
  you do n't have that ? 
  i thought this was already standard in most of western europe . 
  this map is better than the other one from yesterday . 
  what we still need though , is a map showing yearly tons of unrecycled waste per capita . 
  that would really put things into perspective . 
  i think this is actually an excellent idea . 
  rampant nationalism usually only leads to bad behaviour . 
  why not use it to cause good behaviour for a change ? 
  i love berlin but a lot of it looks like shit . 
  i guess that could be charming though . 
  one minute you 're in a cute 19th century tree-lined street , next , you turn the corner and get hit in the face with a brutal , run down , filthy , brownish-grey concrete slab of a building . 
  and then the next street , everything 's ok again . 
  he was still a prince , just not in line for the throne . 
  it 's like walking around in a wedding cake . 
  amsterdam of course !, 
  i 'm totally not biased or anything !, 
   the elite already accepted them , but the big masses only did so after they learned that muslims are against gays . 
  this right here . 
  our biggest problem right now is the unwashed masses . 
  they are too loud and opinionated and skew all proper debate . 
  and the worst part is , the politicians pretend to take their opinions seriously . 
  on a side note : it would be really helpful if people learned the difference between racism and discrimination . 
  we awoke from that dream years ago . 
  the colours were on the coat of arms of [ william of orange ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_silent ) , but somewhere along the way the orange got replaced with red for some reason .
