  pretty ugly and boring town , but the people were nice and the hotel was great . 
  also , i felt like a king , with how much my euros were worth there !, 
  all in all , i liked it . 
  i only wish i had spent time in nearby kotor which i 'm told is much nicer than bar . 
  i have n't had those in a long time !, 
  i think i might pick some up tomorrow when i do the shopping !, 
  haha i have n't seen that one yet . 
  jesus christ flanders that 's hilariously awful :'), 
  i think that will die out eventually . 
  ~ ~ simarly ~ ~ similarly , [ these ] ( https://goo.gl/images/tpkvu9 ) are not called `` negerzoenen '' ( negroe kisses ) anymore , but simply `` zoenen '' . 
  some right wingers made a fuss about it back when they changed it . 
  complained the government had no business policing language . 
  in fact , it was the company itself that changed the name . 
  i mean , it was long overdue anyway . 
  officially , the lion , but i think a duck would be more fitting . 
  i think greece is of the hook , since you guys are already taking in more syrians than you can handle , because the rest of the eu is too reluctant to share the burden . 
  well , yes . 
  what else are asylum laws for ? 
  it 's dumb , i do n't watch it . 
  i have better things to do , like browsing reddit all evening and leaving stupid comments on threads that are clearly not directed at me . 
  i want to feel relevant too but i guess this thread is not for me :'(, 
  i do n't really think about them much at all . 
  i hope they 're doing ok and they made the right decision . 
  well , we have a royal family that 's quite popular , and some national achievements like the delta works and the flevopolder that generally everyone in the country is pretty proud of . 
  so yeah , i guess , national pride is a pretty common sentiment here . 
  i want a confederation of european city-states . 
  now calm down there , obelix ... 
  the british , probably . 
  since the netherlands has been densely populated since forever , any `` suburb '' is actually a town in and if itself , and grew organically as it recieved more residents to support the nearby big city . 
  as such , people will refer to their place of residence as being the town in question . 
  oh boy ... so many to choose from :'(, 
  my gf and i went on a trip to hamburg a couple weeks ago and she insisted on dragging me to the chocolate museum ( tbf , i had insisted on dragging her to the miniature railway museum ) . 
  so this `` museum '' was basically just a guided tour through the process of making chocolate , and though i had to concentrate a fair bit , i could understand perfectly everything the tour guide was saying . 
  i was so proud of myself , 
  in the netherlands it 's the other way around . 
  `` tsjechi\u00eb '' is the preferred name and people would give you a funny look if you 'd say `` de tsjechische republiek '', 
  oh man , i remember going by train from zagreb to sarajevo couple years ago during a heatwave . 
  was supposed to take 9 hours ( while driving would have been 6 ) , but it ended up taking over 12 hours !, 
  the english half of my family tree apparently has partial roots in silesia , they came to england in the 18th century . 
  we know this because of church records . 
  the dutch half of my family tree is less clear , but there 's some spanish in there somewhere . 
  am i allowed to do the fractal `` muh heritage '' thing now like americans do ? 
  it really depends of you live in a city or a smaller town . 
  here in groningen at least , large supermarkets are open until 22:00 , after that there 's plenty of late night convenience stores . 
  and if you want to go out for a drink , our bars have no official closing time so you can always find a place that 's still open . 
  they are collector 's cars now . 
   people feel nostalgic about them even though they are n't very good . 
   * never say amsterdam . 
  say `` dam '' to prove you 're not a clueless tourist . 
  i cringe so incredibly hard when a bunch of english lads talk about visiting `` the dam '' . 
  it just makes my skin crawl . 
  you got ta admit they 're not well known at all . 
  i could go on and on ... 
  the 1960s . 
  sounds cliche but it 's really the closest we got to putting human beings at the front and centre of our collective endeavor here on in this planet . 
  some did it through communism , others through emanicaption or fighting for civil rights or individual freedom , some even through seeking spiritual enlightenment , but it was all about the wellbeing of human beings . 
  nice !, 
  i 'll definitely have to look into cycling in poland when it 's done , 
  it 's mandatory , and we already start in primary school . 
  students are expected to have a high proficiency , especially if they want to get into higher tertiary education . 
  kitchen . 
  in my last apartment i had a separate utility room for it adjacent to my kitchen but though my new place is nicer overall , i 'm now stuck with the washing machine in the kitchen :(, 
  not a damn thing . 
  first i ever heard of the existence of lithuania was when the soviet union broke up . 
  i was 12 then . 
  that would be one occasion i was referring to where cooperation would be useful . 
  no , i think they should be independent and focus on developing their relationship with their geographical surroundings . 
  that 's not to say there ca n't be any cooperation where useful . 
  that 's right !, 
  the name it an upper-middle-class invention to sound posh !, 
  it 's [ definitely haarlem ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oe9bhho.gif ) though . 
   's gravenhage  des graven hage  the count 's hedge, 
  because the hague is historically the country 's political centre . 
  even before the dutch republic existed , the counts of holland had their seat of power there . 
  because it 's historically the country 's financial capital . 
  buy an adidas tracksuit 2 . 
  wake up early before they go to work 3 . 
  squat in front of their front door 4 . 
  when they come out , do n't smile , just light a cigarette and smoke it while you stare at them 5 . 
  boom !, 
  instant bffs !, 
  every time i come back from vacation in germany or central/eastern europe and go into a dutch bar and order a beer i feel like i 'm getting ripped off :'(, 
  i disagree . 
  we have freedom of speech , but also laws against hate speech . 
  and it 's up to the independent justice system to determine whether the line has been crossed on a case-by-case basis . 
  i think this way of approaching it is the most sensible . 
  we are already sleazy gun sellers :'(, 
   essentially admitting ` you were right , we were being racist bigots and celebrating slavery ' which is obviously not the case see , that 's not what is being claimed , but zwarte piet as a visible manifestation of underlying social dynamics of ` first ' and ` second rate ' citizens , functioning as a stereotype that reinforces this dynamic , this is the real problem . 
  the tragedy of it all is that the fierce reaction to addressing this problem actually brings to the surface this problem of some citizens of this country being told they are not allowed to have a critical opinion and are told to ` fuck off back to africa ' . 
  in this country , it seems , black people are only allowed to have an opinion if it does n't offend white people . 
  the even weirder part is that some of us are clinging to this figure as if to abandon it were to abandon the very soul of our country , while in reality the character was invented in the 19th century by an unremarkable school teacher while our society was still chewing on the remnants of the slave trade . 
  english and dutch `` drink warm water in bed , man ! '', 
  man , that 's almost as diverse as the usa . 
  do you guys also have totally different types of pizza ? 
  well there 's the amazing oriental supermarket chain that carries many east asian products . 
  most big cities have them . 
  my daughter likes to shop there because she 's a bit of a weeaboo . 
  grey wheelie bin for non-recyclables , green wheelie bin for compostables , orange wheelie bin for plastics and cans , blue wheelie bin for paper , and a small red container for batteries and harmful chemicals . 
  for glass bottles , i need to put them in a bottle bank at my nearest shopping centre . 
  there you can also find a textile collection container for old clothes .
