  when i as a dude am out and about with my girlfriend and we hold hands and give eachother a modest little kiss from time to time , that is considered normal . 
  when two dudes do it , many people still get that gut reaction that it 's not normal . 
  some will even express that gut reaction by stouting abuse . 
  that is wrong . 
  that 's right . 
  we moved on . 
  a lot of you did n't :(, 
  i get it and i agree with the sentiment , but is there any legal basis for disallowing turkish citizens from engaging in a turkish referendum ? 
  seems like it would be impossible . 
  hips be upon her, 
  i mean it 's not like you can just ask them ... 
  personally , i absolutely love the [ italian national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3rtobymtta ) . 
  it 's uplifting , majestic , and also actually quite a good piece of music . 
  so , which one do you like ? 
  also a lot of hyperbolic `` news '' being spread around causing people to become more racist than they would 've been otherwise . 
  it is not considered normal behaviour , but it does happen nonetheless . 
  well this money pit problem is something to consider with all european subsidies , not just infrastructure . 
  well , maybe not take the road network entirely out of the hands of the national governments , but more like set up a financial and expertise assistance agency to improve the quality of the corridors most heavily used by european freight traffic ? 
  i can understand that . 
  this is why we would probably be better off organising the maintenance of important freight corridors on a european union level . 
  we are a single market after all . 
  do you think there exists some sort of european fund to financially assist countries with heavily-used highways ? 
  if not there should be ; a well-maintained pan-european road network benefits us all , after all . 
  germany does some pretty decent shows and documentaries . 
  flemish tv has a few ok shows but nothing special . 
  the really good television comes from the uk . 
  they are really far ahead of everyone else . 
  crime series , comedy series , documentaries , even light entertainment such as car shows or cooking shows , it 's just so well-made and a joy to watch !, 
  i think trucks on the highways is pretty much a standard thing all over europe . 
  our highways are excellent thank you , 
  none because my parents were n't cunts . 
  subs . 
  except children 's movies , those are dubbed . 
  i have a pair of clogs . 
  i wear them when i go out into my back garden . 
  lunch : bread with meat , dairy and maybe some fruit dinner : potatoes with meat and veggies, 
    are there any jokes or stereotypes that concern dialects in your countries ? 
    not really . 
  people make fun of twents though :  q : what 's a drink from twente with two consonants and fourteen vowels ? 
   a : cooooooolaaaaaaa, 
  there 's an asylum seeker 's centre in my home town . 
  i regularly go to the swimming pool in my old home town because it 's my favourite pool . 
  since asylum seekers are n't allowed to work during the time they wait for the asylum procedure to finish , they get bored so they hang around the swimming pool a lot . 
  many groups of 3-5 syrian guys in their early-to-mid twenties . 
  have n't noticed any problems with them being there . 
  they seem like nice enough guys , more respectful and less rowdy than groups of native dutch blokes in their early-to-mid twenties , that 's for sure . 
  i always feel sorry for them . 
  coming out of a war zone , not knowing whether your family and friends are safe , then not being allowed to get a job to pass the time , they must be constantly teetering on the edge between boredom and depression . 
  i think antifa is a really cool guy . 
  eh punches nazis and does n't afraid of anything . 
  proost , kerel !, 
  my gf and i live in a tiny little house much like [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v7ilzos.jpg ) , close to the city centre of groningen . 
  it 's small but has everything we need . 
  kitchen , living room/dining room , bathroom , two bedrooms and a tiny little back garden , 
  i guess it is a question of perspective . 
  on the whole , inequality is much lower than the world average . 
  also people are n't as segregated according to income as in many other countries . 
  but like i said , you do get pockets of very rich or very poor people in some towns and cities . 
  also , the further east you go , away from the randstad , the more unemployment issues you see . 
  but then again there are some very desirable places to live in the east too . 
  so yeah , mostly middle class , mixed , little pockets of richer or poorer areas dotted around the country . 
  that 's how i would characterize the geography of wealth distribution in this country . 
  huh , odd it would come across like that . 
  i did n't mention the entirety of zeeland , limburg , brabant , flevoland , noord holland , zuid holland , overijssel and friesland . 
  what i did mention was small pockets of utrecht , gelderland , drenthe and groningen , and did n't say anything about the rest of those provinces ( groningen and drenthe for instance are pretty poor , apart from the bits i mentioned ) . 
  but on the whole , we 're mostly a middle class country . 
  not really . 
  i do n't see how you could have inferred that from the limited number of places i mentioned . 
  pretty much the whole of the netherlands is mostly middle class though , i 'll give you that . 
  good bot, 
  [ that time when a girl 's 16th birthday party resulted in 36 injured rioters and 15 injured policemen and 12 destroyed buses ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_x_haren ), 
  no apology needed . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  red pants, 
  could be , i dunno . 
  maybe he was only eating like the cheapest crap , with like fake tomato sauce and fake cheese ? 
   these european guys are trying to palm us off to asia - . - and asians are saying that we are european . 
  but you are both and neither . 
  your culture is like a bridge . 
  you can either feel like you 're at the edge of both , or like you 're at the center of it all . 
  a student in my city was admitted into hospital with weird symptoms . 
  after they examined him , it turns out he had scurvey . 
  you know , the disease 17th century sailors would get from vitamin deficiency . 
  turns out , he 'd been living on frozen pizza exclusively . 
  i do n't know if this story is true but it 's an urban legend here in groningen . 
  do n't forget we also have the `` omroep '' system of about a dozen or so different organisations that make programs to broadcast on public television . 
  they are funded partly from people 's membership fees and supplemented with subsidies . 
  i think it 's actually a pretty democratic way to decide what gets broadcasted on public television . 
  we were well prepaired via government information campaigns and stuff . 
  then when we switched there was a period where you could pay with both euros and our old currency . 
  prices were listed in both euros and guilders . 
  personally , it took me only about two or three weeks to switch entirely to euros , since i did n't usually have much cash lying around . 
  all in all it went pretty smoothly i 'd say . 
  germany . 
  but i also had some great vacations there , so it evens out . 
   i genuinely think he was one of the , if not the worst us presidents in the 20th century . 
  dude , nixon ? 
  the area between utrecht and amersfoort as well . 
  i think parts of the veluwe are pretty rich too . 
  and many cities will have rich suburban villages nearby , like i know for groningen it 's the area around haren/tynaarlo/zuidlaren where the big ass mansions are .
