  it does look more like it 's a fuck-up than intentional , given the nature of what was cut out and how the source was easily available to anyone in nl regardless of what nos did . 
  but the thing that gets me is that they ca n't afford any fuck-up , because in a tense situation like this , any implication of engaging propaganda can haunt you for the rest of the conflict . 
  this is all opponents need to discredit your news source forever and call your country a bunch of brainwashed sheeple . 
  imagine if our prime minister rutte would fire a king 's commissioner ( sort of a provincial governor ) for something like this . 
  it would be unthinkable . 
  i hope we can meet their high standards . 
  the only radio i listen to is giel beelen on 3fm in the morning ( which is a bit like bbc radio 1 ), 
  cool . 
  we got all these extra prison cells we built in the last decade during a spell of right-wing muscle flexing , and it 's good that we can now actually put them to use . 
  also , our prison wardens can use the jobs . 
  my friend 's bother got laid off from his warden job and now works as a paramedic . 
  the world is assisting the ukrainian government , who is fighting in the east with their conventional army . 
  however , these nazi battalions , sort of private armies , are fighting too , and are in a sort of uncomfortable alliance with the ukrainian government . 
  what happens to these dickheads after this is all over , is anyone 's guess . 
  what 's the plan for dealing with them once this is all over ? 
  true , and everyone in the eu has been watching the fascists and nazis in ukraine with great concern . 
  however , the point was to point out that the nazis in question are not sporting their symbols under order of the ukrainian government . 
  these are independent battalions , often funded by rich oligarchs , who the ukrainian government is currently in alliance with because they share a common goal and need all the help they can get . 
  whether this is a wise choice by the ukrainian government is a matter of much debate , especially in eu observer circles . 
  wat those are some impressive mental gymnastics writing all those added inferences and implications in reply to a three word post . 
  watching the conflict from the safety of being tucked in between germany and the uk , my reaction was mostly `` i 'd love to 100 % support ukraine realigning itself towards europe , but i just wish this did n't involve so many right-wing lunatics . '', 
  what 's the reaction in poland to ukrainian nationalists ' use of the symbols associated with this conflict during maidan ? 
  does it complicate things ? 
  what was the reason for the initial dislike of ukraine ? 
  was it the then still very strong association with the ussr ? 
  what do poles have against turkey ? 
  did organizing the 2012 euros together do much for polish-ukranian relations ? 
  / r/polandball has done more for me to get to know and respect my eurobros than any campaigns or news items ever have . 
  i nominate / r/polandball for the nobel peace prize !, 
   but is n't that essentially restoring the soviet empire ? 
  not really . 
  territorial gains are minimal and only strategic in nature . 
  what i mean is , putin is n't on a path to `` become as strong as his enemies '' , but rather he sees an opportunity to bring his `` enemies '' down to his level of weakness . 
  this hints at putin 's true goal : it 's not to restore the soviet union or the russian empire , or saving poor oppressed russians from foreign fascists ; it 's about slowly and deliberately undermining nato 's credibility to the point where it disintegrates , and snagging up little bits of land of geopolitical interest to russia in the process . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  as they say , * `` the road to hell is paved with good intentions '' * . 
  you can really see how that applied to the ussr . 
  there really is something to be said for making sure everybody is guaranteed a house and a job ; on its own it 's an honourable cause . 
  it 's just that the awful things that had to be done to achieve that completely ruin this notion to the point where many americans tremble at even hearing the word `` socialism '' . 
   between being poor in a country where you are the minority and being poor in a country where you are the majority , i too would choose the second option . 
  this may be why putin suddenly seems to be in a hurry in ukraine ? 
  act * now * before eu integration results in economic growth and decline of angry separatist sentiments ? 
  thanks for that , it clarifies a lot for me . 
  if it 's so normal for such hate to exist * inside * the rufed , i find it easier to understand how there can be so much hate directed at countries * outside * the rufed , i.e. 
  though paris does have some nice neighbourhoods , the impression i often get when i 'm there is `` when you 've seen one haussmann building , you 've seen them all '', 
  now i have a sad . 
  what germans generally * do * know is how to business . 
  most hotels , campings and restaurants i 've been to in germany , the people were super friendly and chatted , smiled and joked with me , because that 's just good business practice . 
  i guess it 's something in the nature of working for deutsche bahn that turns you into an emotionless robot . 
  that 's actually assholish by dutch standards too . 
  the best tower in tallinn will always be the kick in the cock museum . 
  i was on an overnight train from amsterdam to m\u00fcnchen , and the ticket guy came over and showed us how the bunk beds worked and whatnot , and i tried chatting and making some light hearted small talk , and the guy just remained so super serious . 
  could n't even get so much as a smile out of him . 
  the 90s were pretty great in the netherlands . 
  great economy , many gains in civil rights and liberties , we finally got serious about the environment , end of the cold war meant suddenly we had much more breathing space , freedom , growth , international orientation , etc. 
  they 're getting better . 
  jumbo now has a complete island of bio-vegetables alongside their regular selection . 
  and most supermarkets now offer a fair-trade alternative alongside their regular bananas ( albert heijn resisted this for a long time ) . 
  i fortunately have n't had to buy dole or chiquita for a long time now . 
  now if only we could get rid of the plofkip . 
  they do n't even taste good . 
  whaddya mean `` you people '' ? 
  the netherlands has a very strong supermarket lobby . 
  not even kidding . 
  `` see ?!? 
  nato 's threatening us !! '', 
  huh , i had never heard of this . 
  sounds like fun . 
   easter europeans how festive !, 
  [ `` ween ze yes needs ze no to ween agin ze no '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv3l2y7uwnq ), 
   after all those sacrifices made by our nation we got betrayed by the west once again . 
  after that huge upheaval in the global balance of power , i 'm pretty sure the west actually could n't do jack shit against soviet occupation . 
  everyone was broke and exhausted and when the objective of beating the nazis was reached , everyone sort of collapsed and tried to negotiate the most favourable arrangement given the circumstances . 
  droge worst . 
  it 's mostly made and eaten up north . 
  with some de marne coarse mustard , mmmm ... 
  infrastructure . 
  we do n't fuck around . 
  we have n't forgotten . 
  well , aside from the value and the taxes on the building , an old building like that would also have ridiculous energy bills and upkeep . 
  only law firms and architecture firms and the like can afford that . 
  so yeah , after 5pm the offices close and everyone goes home . 
  yeah it 's pretty pathetic , but it 's ours and we love it . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  around haarlem central station , on the old city fortifications , there are many large 19th century mini-palaces built by amsterdam 's wealthy . 
  of course nobody can afford them any more so they 're lawyer 's and notaries ' offices now . 
  it is , but it 's traditionally a town for rich amsterdammers to escape to , so ... 
   what about goldeneye ? 
  that 's a bit of an anachronism , i think . 
  it has soviets even though the soviet union did n't exist any more . 
  as for cinemas showing old movies : not really . 
  you 'll have the occasional art house cinema that does special showings of great classics , but most hollywood crap can be seen on dvd , netflix or on one of the gajillion commercial tv-channels that keeps re-airing them . 
  we complain a lot but we actually quite like it here . 
  we put a lot of effort into protecting it from the sea . 
  you guys must be pretty happy then :(, 
  would you look at that ? 
  it 's a crock o ' shit . 
   epically trolled canada is legion . 
  expect them . 
  when was the last time russia was an evil or backward country in a hollywood movie ?
