  i guess that proves it . 
  a pakistani could never be racist . 
  [ watch out for the not-racist butt !, 
  ah yes of course , right-wing discussion forums are always the pinnacle of acceptance and open , honest debate , as evidenced by your polite and non-judgemental demeanour in this thread you opened to promote your new sub . 
  it looks like it 's set up to be a right-wing echo chamber , because here on / r/europe apparently they 're being oppressed . 
  inb4 it 's full of racists and bigots, 
  by all means , go ahead . 
  i 'm just sitting here with the popcorn trying to not get in anyone 's way . 
  a lot of them are , but what 's even more hilarious is people thinking there 's something wrong with that and getting all super serious . 
  itt : a bunch of stem majors attempt philosophy . 
  ah right , indeed it was . 
  this is n't even the worst thing right-wing nut jobs have said about our country . 
  i remember a couple years ago , i think it was mitt romney , claimed our senior citizens saw themselves forced to wear bracelets with `` do n't euthanize me '' on them because apparently we were all so eager to kill our old people . 
  now i 'm a pretty easy going guy most of the time , but that shit really bugged the hell out of me . 
  haha , i remember that . 
  we were quite miffed . 
  it 's a continent because once upon a time some dude arbitrarily decided it would be a continent . 
  the idea of defining it as a specific landmass ( a geographical continent ) or a culturally affiliated set of countries was added on after the fact . 
  in reality , the best definition would be that europe is a * sub * continent of eurasia . 
  but on the whole it does n't matter . 
  as far as arbitrary naming conventions go , `` europe is a continent '' is a workable and practical solution . 
  lol , what did you think this was about ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'd say this proof of looting is pretty shocking but then again she 's just a kid . 
  i 'm totally not a cop , fellow kid !, 
  i 'm ` down ' with all of you , do you dig what i 'm saying ? 
  is this legit ? 
  anyone ? 
  haha , jeetje , die comments !, 
  we know the difference between your people and your government . 
  also , we are baffled by the stupidity of your gun-waving , bible-thumping right wing conservative christians . 
  and we find it amusing that you guys are scared shitless of anything that you think resembles `` socialism '' , even though you hardly have any up close experience with it at all . 
  speaking of politicians , on a more positive note , i am so proud of [ our foreign minister 's near perfect english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juw7fsmjm-k ) . 
  not only was it a good speech , but his pronunciation was nearly flawless . 
  there was some speculation that it * might * be manipulated . 
  it 's weird , the impression i get is foreign media is enthusiastically speculating much more than our domestic dutch media is . 
  ah well i must admit i 'm mostly only on the really busy corridors , netherlands-berlin and netherlands-frankfurt . 
  in my experience they 're very busy and constantly being repaired . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  all our direct neighbours have been supportive and their reactions , though not unified , all had the connotation of `` we 'll be there for you if you need us to do something ; just say the word '', 
  my experience with german roads is constant roadworks, 
  yeah , like anywhere , our media can be sensationalist and ratings-driven , but when it * really * matters , like now , they know they must reign themselves in . 
  it was also a matter of not being able to get immediate access to the crash site and the bodies being treated with disrespect . 
  now the bodies are coming home , there 's this immense feeling of relief as well . 
  it 's ok . we already feel a lot of support from all over the continent . 
  it 's heart-warming , thanks everyone !, 
  not a parade , a procession . 
  thank you for this . 
  as a dutchman , even though i 'm shocked and sad about what happened , i believe it 's important to keep a level head and not parrot every piece of vague information that comes from the press that seems to support the western narrative . 
  especially in times like these , i think it 's important to hold on to our western values of transparency and holding authority up to scrutiny . 
  if we get caught up in the propaganda wars , the other guys win . 
  not only pvda . 
  vvd gets the banks and consultancy firms , cda gets building conglomerates , real estate , and agriculture , and pvda gets semi-private education , housing , health , and welfare institutions . 
  this is just how they carved up the cake . 
  it does n't look like convincing evidence yet . 
  i 'd like to have this story confirmed independently . 
  he put into words exactly the sentiments in the country at this moment . 
  very well done . 
  the protest in amsterdam was peaceful and orderly on the other hand . 
  3000 people attended , 3 men were arrested for disobeying police instructions . 
  c'mon montenegro , step it up , or we 'll kick you out of the europe club !, 
  we 've been fed up with the russians for a long time already . 
  i think they bully us because they 're self-concious about how their flag is a rip-off of ours . 
  but seriously , our government has been sucking up to russia for years now and it makes me sick . 
  the reason ? 
  money , of course . 
  go fuck yourself with a butcher knife . 
  * de telegraaf * , quoted in op 's article , is the dutch equivalent to the daily mail . 
  we 're pretty angry and frustrated , yes , but more like `` bitterly-gnashing-our-teeth-angry '' as opposed to `` let 's - fucking-bomb-the-shit-out-of-them-angry '' most of us want our countrymen 's bodies back and a full investigation leading to finding and prosecuting those who did this . 
  nobody 's interested in a war of vengeance . 
  so in order to meet the objectives of repatriation and justice , we need all the diplomacy we can muster . 
  nope , ca n't see it in my browser . 
  excuse me ? 
  i see no gold dot ? 
  there 's the added complication that a significant portion of our economy is intertwined with russia 's . 
  that 's why our government has been so weak in its reaction , despite the enormous public outrage . 
  putin cynically knows one thing to be true about many eu member states : we are addicted to money . 
  do n't forget that there are also schools that subscribe to a specific denomination , and are allowed to teach extra lessons on their own denomination alongside the government-approved all-inclusive `` levensovertuiging '' lessons . 
  i went to a protestant school for a couple of years as a kid , and while i was ( and always have been ) an atheist , they never expected me to confess to their religion or whatever . 
  there was to be no proselytizing as long as everyone respected everyone else 's personal beliefs . 
  still , i thought it was a bit silly . 
  it was a nice school though , friendly and safe . 
  hey watch it , bavaria !, 
  just because you 're part of the exclusive `` germany '' club does n't give you the right to push us around !, 
  vvd is notorious for getting ` rid ' of national debt hedge-fund-style . 
  short term positives on the books , that 's all that counts . 
  just like in finance . 
  formerly public services are being turned into semi-private enterprises in order to get them off the government budget , only to see them completely collapse under the weight of their shoddy privatization about 5-7 years later . 
  of course by the time this happens , the interested parties within the market , who lobbied for this privatization , have already got out of it what they came for . 
  pvda came into government directly after wwii and oversaw one of the most remarkable increases in wealth in our country ever . 
  it is in part thanks to this old version of pvda that so many people were able to rise out of poverty and become squarely middle class . 
  in addition , the young crowd in the pvda in the 60s and 70s were what gave us many of our civil liberties . 
  this old pvda does n't exist any more though . 
  our debt skyrocketed in the 1970s due to global economic malaise ; `` pampering people too much '' , frankly , is an overblown myth concocted in the 80s by vvd and cda . 
  pvda received a huge amount of blame for the crisis of the 70s and they have n't been the same party ever since . 
  the fact of the matter is , in recent decades vvd , cda and pvda have been slightly different shades of the same brand of centrist politics . 
  these three parties , in different combinations , have been running the show for so long they have basically become three wings of the same party . 
  and they function in no unimportant part as the starting point for further career-making too : the vvd people get the financing and insurance job positions , the pvda people get the education and health care jobs , and the cda people get construction and agriculture . 
  they sit in committees and collect jobs in boards of directors . 
  this is what the core industry of these parties consists of nowadays .
