  some bottles carry a deposit and can be reimbursed at any supermarket . 
  old bread i chuck in the garden , the birds eat it . 
   non-european immigration ah , here we go , i see where you 're getting at . 
  this time it 's different because this time it 's brown people , amirite ? 
   the ethnic group that founded it most current european nation states were already `` ethnically diverse '' , if you wan na call it that , before they were even founded as the nation states we know today , so what counts as an `` ethnic group '' that founded any particular nation state , it 's already something problematic to define . 
  basically what happened , and has been happening for centuries , millennia even , is wave after wave of migrations , conquests , splits and mergers of royal dynasties , rebellions , the rise and fall of empires , etc , which has created this patchwork of tribes , in themselves not even ethnically homogeneous , that got lumped together as nation states started to form , from the renaissance onward , according to who owned what at the time . 
  later , some of these nation states ditched their monarchies , but the rough outlines of these states persisted . 
  it was n't until the 19th century that the common people started to identify as being a citizen of their nation state , rather than belonging to some tribe/region/whatever . 
  this was not even an entirely natural process . 
  a lot of government propaganda was devoted to promoting this idea . 
  this era also saw a rise in hatred for jews and gypsies , who were already distrusted in many parts of europe , but became positively despised for their tenacious clinging to their tribal identity , rather than relinquishing their cultural identity in favour of the dominant religion and culture of whatever region they happened to find themselves in during the formation of the nation states . 
  so the idea of ethnicity and nationality being inextricably linked is already problematic , which makes for a very shaky basis for speculating about nationality and culture in the present . 
  in fact , i think the only constant factor you can count on in european history is constant change . 
  i 'd argue change is europe 's `` natural state '' . 
   le cut inside man, 
  probably like 5 % of the people that cross my field of vision on a daily basis are black ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i guess i 'll just go with `` common '' . 
  traditionally , filter coffee , but many people own fully automatic espresso machines these days instead . 
  and of course any city worth its salt these days has a coffee shop with many varieties on just about every street corner . 
  i 'd organise our regions a little differently . 
  culturally , friesland does its own thing . 
  then there 's groningen , drenthe , twente and achterhoek have the typical low-saxon culture of straight-forwardness and good neighbourship . 
  through the middle of the country , from zeeland , through eastern zuid-holland , up through western gelderland and northern overijssel , you have the bible belt . 
  dutch reformed sourpusses , ultra-conservative , no fun allowed . 
  the west is the most densely populated and the most important region economically . 
  for this reason specific regional cultures have been diluted from all the people who moved to this region from elsewhere . 
  there are some pockets of region-specific culture left . 
  friendly people , quick to make jokes and often considered a bit loud and/or rude by people from other regions . 
  the south , provinces noord-brabant and limburg , are predominantly catholic . 
  known for their gastronomy and beer . 
  jovial people who like to enjoy themselves . 
  groningen , the netherlands . 
  oldest traces of habitation : ~ 3900bc . 
  first mentioned in written history : 1040ad . 
  yeah i know the meme but i 've never personally seen it either . 
  is your skin brown though ? 
  this seems to be a theme throughout all contemporary western politics . 
  populist politicians will make up this imaginary narrative about a `` cosmopolitan city elite '' who loaf about in posh caf\u00e9s drinking super expensive fancy coffees while concocting ways to screw the ordinary people . 
  except these people do n't exist of course . 
  they are `` straw-cosmopolitans '' . 
  ah right . 
  yeah you do get the occasional `` young creative '' sitting behind his mac trying to look important , but they just blend in with the regular crowd and get ignored . 
  there 's coffee , tea , alcoholic beverages and snacks . 
  sometimes lunch , sandwiches , meals . 
  people sit at tables and talk with eachother . 
  i 'm not sure what else to say . 
  it 's just a place to go for food , drink and conversation . 
  is n't that the case everywhere ? 
  good point . 
  i guess they have good reflexes at least !, 
  it 's not just germans who do that though . 
  market days are complete chaos . 
  oh man the flower market is insane . 
  200.000 germans shuffling through our city centre to look at our colourful plant genitals . 
  do they not have flowers in germany ? 
  i live in groningen in the northeast of the netherlands . 
  there 's quite a lot of tourists here . 
  mostly families from just across the border in germany , but also a lot of british , australian , american and canadian young travellers who get a tip about our city while in amsterdam . 
  they come because they are told our city is like amsterdam but with a much more relaxed atmosphere . 
  i kind of agree with that . 
  apparently , many end up staying here , get a job in a bar or whatever . 
  add to that the large amount of international students , and it 's pretty common to walk in our city centre here and hear like 10-15 different languages within the span of about 500 meters . 
  we just like to drink . 
  netherlands . 
  we love everybody . 
  except germans . 
  damn germans , stealing our bikes and digging holes in our beaches and whatnot ... 
  i forgot just about everything i learned of ancient greek , lol, 
  netherlands . 
  started english in 6th grade ( you turn 10 in dutch 6th grade ) . 
  never learned any scandinavian laguages . 
  started french and german in first year high school . 
  oh and also latin and ancient greek because i went to * gymnasium * . 
  made up . 
  you are a citizen of a certain country with the specific cultural particulars that go with it , and a member of the human race with the universal humanity that we all share . 
  the nos seems to have become a public channel for the goverment these days . 
  not that they wo n't be critical , but they do seem to just go along with the general dominant narrative of the country as has been shaped through 25 + years of neoliberal socio-economic paradigm . 
  the nos is very much the news channel of the status quo . 
  while we 're used to seeing jesus with a beard , early depictions of jesus were much more boyish , slightly feminine even , beardless , with chubby cheeks and curly hair . 
  i guess that image fitted more the feeling the early christians had about jesus . 
  i 'm reminded of the bush years , when some americans travelling in europe would say they were canadian , out of embarrassment . 
  back then belgium was the rich part of the low countries and we were poor as fuck, 
  plenty of tattooed people here buddy . 
  do n't know where you got your information from . 
  please note the flying pig beach hostel is not actually in amsterdam . 
  your girlfriend may be able to get in through the [ daft ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daft_%28treaty%29 ) , while you , well , you 're an eu citizen so you can do whatever the fuck you want . 
  make sure you work the fact that you saved our asses in ww2 into every conversation with a local . 
  only one i have is birds by anouk because i think that 's actually a good song . 
  there are local trains from la spezia that stop at every cinque terre station ( there are also express trains ; do n't get on one of those because they tear through the cinque terre without stopping ) . 
  they are frequent , relatively cheap and reasonably on time most of the time . 
  there 's a good connection between la spezia and pisa too . 
  from pisa station there is a direct airport bus , again frequent , cheap and reasonably on time . 
  source : i went on a train trip to pisa , cinque terre and genoa last year . 
  your question is way too specific . 
  please be a little bit more vague . 
  [ 0/10 way too obvious ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lvs1gpuuqs1qibz0jo1_500.gif ), 
  / r/amsterdam has an [ excellent wiki ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/amsterdam/wiki/moving ) for all your moving to amsterdam needs . 
  if something is still not clear , they 'll be happy to help you out further with more specific questions . 
  there 's also a scenic train that goes through the austrian alps from munich to verona .
