  ultra right-wing dutch nationalists will sometimes still use the orange-white-blue flag but officially it 's red-white-blue . 
  i literally do n't know anyone who does n't have a broadband internet connection . 
  the person i know of who has the slowest speed is my mother who still has 3mb/s , while most people i know have ~ 20mb/s , and i know a considerable amount of people who have 40 ~ 120mb/s . 
  yup . 
  we have sort of been expecting this for a while now . 
  i feel sad for his friends and family . 
  meat , potatoes and vegetables . 
  well you 'd need big houses obviously otherwise you would n't fit in them . 
  boring as fuck . 
  half our suburbs are full of various versions of this basic model . 
  [ dewolff - voodoo mademoisselle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu8bfgscxo8 ) for such young kids they really know what rock & roll is all about . 
  i ca n't imagine myself getting sick of the city . 
  refraining from raping pop music and killing its mother . 
  their own tap water . 
  all of them . 
   the eu is the lifeblood of the uk economy no shit , sherlock . 
  and gays . 
  do n't forget gays . 
  hahaha , spain 's chart on germany : `` cruella de merkel '', 
  our trio of heroes from the golden age : [ william of orange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_silent ) , [ piet hein ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piet_pieterszoon_hein ) , and [ michiel de ruyter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter ) . 
   we 're not all trying to immigrate we actually do realize that we mostly get your rural poor people , not the metropolitan turks , unfortunately . 
  our railway infrastructure administrator is dragging its feet on ertms too . 
  couple years ago there was a minor accident outside our capital 's main railway station . 
  every so often a report will come out highlighting how unsafe our railways actually are . 
  but the railway administrator is still not in a hurry to do anything . 
  it 's fucking bullshit . 
  estonia : europe 's geek, 
  whether planned or not , the middle class is indeed shrinking , and i wonder : are the economists and the policy makers fucking stupid ? 
  do n't they realize that if you want a stable , productive society you need a large , content middle class who will just shut up , do the work , buy the products and vote for them ? 
  certainly something worth looking into . 
  monarchs are cool . 
  we should keep them around like our national trained pets that perform tricks for us on the international stage . 
   challenge you to name three famous belgians samson en gertje !, 
  hey , if we unite , will you soft-spoken , polite flemish people teach our brabanders and limburgers to behave better ? 
  not as popular in belgium as it is over here , it seems . 
   good news everyone get out of my head , professor farnsworth, 
   perhaps i 'm biased , though , as a person who grew up in limburg and who has to go to belgium quite often . 
  i 'm from groningen and i feel the same way . 
  flanders is like our long-lost brother . 
  the people with jobs commute in from outside the city . 
  those are the ones who end up on the city roads . 
  no , you 're right of course , i live in countrybumpkinland . 
  we prefer the term `` forcey fun time '', 
  i do n't know about your town but in groningen we only have them on the main roads . 
  in the center and in residential streets you share the road with motorized traffic ( unless you 're in the no-car zone of course ) . 
  dude , we 're dutch . 
  we do n't joke about importing black guys because we have a bit of a shameful history on that part . 
  it was founded by a stonemason from croatia who wanted to make money quarrying stones for rimini 's new city wall . 
  but they did n't like that he was a christian so he ran off onto a mountain and built a church instead . 
  the dude 's name was marinus and his church became san marino . 
  ... i have a habit of going on long , useles wikiwalks . 
   please teach us a thing or two about bike commuting uh ... ok , so uh ... you like , figure out how long it takes to cycle to work . 
  and then you add like an extra 5 or 10 minutes to that . 
  and then , in the morning , you forget all that shit about leaving on time and get on your bike , and uh ... realize you 'll have to pedal like a lunatic to get there on time . 
  then you use your handle bars to make sure your bike stays pointed in the general direction where your work is , swerve left and right through motorized traffic who are legally responsible if they hit you no matter how idiotic you cycle ( this means that you can cycle without giving a fuck ) , then you almost run over a few pedestrians , and after a few brushes with death and exchanges of swear words , you arrive at your work . 
  then you force your bike into an overcrowded bike parking rack , destroying a few mudguards and brake handles on other people 's bikes , slap on about 15 locks , go into the building where you work and hope your bike is still there when you get back . 
  and that is how you commute to work on your bike in the netherlands . 
  do n't forget to x-post this to / r/mapporn, 
   dutch excepted , i know you guys already rule the urban bike world hey !, 
  that 's discrimination !, 
  i 'm flattered . 
  but do n't forget about the danes . 
  they are good at bikes too . 
  on the other hand , we have no way of knowing how many of those 33 % are 13-18 and how many are 19-20 . 
  for all we know all of them are 19-20 and that would put them at college age . 
  13 % of european redditors think i have a silly accent :( ish n't it veird ? 
  all 800 of 'em !, 
  it is a well-known fact that there are no girls on the internet . 
   running with a full suit of armor that sounds like something i would watch . 
  exactly as it should be , 
  i wake up with my radio alarm clock tuned to an fm station every morning . 
  they taught me hardly anything about indonesia 's struggle for independence and the dutch `` police actions '' . 
  nothing about the slave trade either . 
  haha , that is surreal ... 
  and the language ... when i happen to walk in somewhere and a danish movie is on tv , there is this brief moment of cognitive dissonance where my brain is telling me this sounds exactly like dutch but i am not actually able to understand any of the words . 
  of course , then my brain shifts gears and when i concentrate a little i am actually able to understand it all . 
  i 've always found that a stupid argument . 
  there is no law that says you are either allowed to vote or complain . 
  why ca n't people do both ? 
  next time someone uses this bullshit on you , say `` fuck you , i 'll vote and complain !, 
  that just means i 'm twice as involved as you are . '', 
  they are this kind of weird , surreal , alternate version of us . 
  they look like us , their society is eerily similar to us , they even sound like us , even though i ca n't understand a word they say . 
  daft punk of course . 
  do it . 
  yes . 
  that 's what this is about . 
  the gas drilling damages people 's homes . 
  it 's not damage that is immediately dangerous to the inhabitant ( although over time it may become so ) , but it generally consists of cracked walls , doors and windows being pushed askew , broken brickwork and sinking foundations . 
  and although this can often be repaired , the fact that it 's pretty much guaranteed to happen once every few years is detrimental to the value of the property . 
  do n't play dumb , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  this is true , but if this continues people 's houses will essentially become unsellable . 
  not even because of the damage itself , but because nobody wants to buy a house that is guaranteed to get damaged every so often . 
  plus , getting the damages fixed and paid for is just a recurring hassle that residents never asked for and were never asked about . 
  silly latvia . 
  you can not put out fire with potato . 
  now is only sadness . 
  obviously . 
  and `` vijfje '' too . 
  those can hardly be counted as slang terms .
