  the next step is to state the intention that bosnia will join and work towards establishing a time frame and a plan . 
  after that , the plan is set in motion and about a decade of economic reform and development is initated . 
  * then * they join . 
  this is not some fantasy how it * should * work . 
  this is how it works * now * . 
   we do n't have that checks , and we will not have them until the eu agrees to completely overhaul the system . 
  [ yes we do ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm ) , see above , and the eu is already overhauling the system . 
   which they are not doing , so no , we will not get better checks , unfortunately . 
  the process of new countries joining is constantly being evaluated . 
  it 's one of the most discussed topics in european politics . 
   and , if we do , bosnia will not be let in btw . 
  they are not ready . 
  are you only able to think in present tense ? 
   feels like it . 
  pretty awesome ability you have there to be able to think with your gut . 
   are you saying that bulgaria is ready ? 
  that 's irrelevant now , because they 're already in and we 'll have to deal with it . 
   also , you ca n't say that we do n't have the proper checks , and then say that we give them preparation . 
  perhaps we give them preparation , but certainly not enough . 
  again , we should set a minimum bar , but we do not . 
  if we had , neither bulgaria or romania would be in the eu , and bosnia certainly can not join . 
  again , you think in present tense and display absolutely no ability to understand the concept of a process . 
   and we will not do better if we let bosnia join before it has reached a minimum standard . 
  so , letting them in now would be a failure . 
  who said anything about letting them in now ? 
   perhaps , but i am saying there has to be a minimum bar that they have to reach , with regards to economical development , corruption , gdp/capita , etc. 
  [ the relevant document . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm )  and , you are disregarding the fact that a ) we have fewer and fewer net contributors , so resources are getting more and more stretched , in particular since none of the countries who should have become net contributors by now , are even half way there . 
  so , there are more reasons than just the minimum one not to let countries in . 
  how thinly can you stretch the eu ? 
  the net contributor argument is only half of the story . 
  the integrated economy is a huge benefit to the above average countries , so the net contributions easily pay for themselves . 
  keeping the whole of the eu afloat by redistributing funds actually makes the industry and service sectors in the net contributor countries more competitive . 
   the eu has not bloody clue i 'm sure some random swedish redditor could teach them a thing or two !, 
   the immigration problem . 
  all richer countries have problems with theimmigration of the romas from bulgaria/romania . 
  i want that solved before bosnia add to that . 
  you clearly have no fucking clue what you are talking about . 
  what you are basically displaying here is a lack of understanding and a fear of the unknown . 
  the legal systems , police forces , and social safety nets of the west are more than capable of adapting to the challenges they face with this new group . 
   so , as i said , no more countries in the eu before they reach a minimum level and before the eu get their act together on budget , development , cap etc. 
  no driving without a driving license !, 
  no jumping in the water without knowing how to swim !, 
  no operating on people without surgical training !, 
  thank you captain obvious . 
  you should become a speech writer for our local buffoon geert wilders . 
  you sound exactly like him . 
  the checks in place to allow new countries to join were obviously not good enough so far . 
  so we need to do much , much better . 
  but it 's not as if we let countries join `` as is , '' with no prior preparation . 
  the process of joining has always been a long and tedious one . 
  i 'm just saying it 's probably going to have to become even longer and more tedious ( or alternatively , it needs to be overhauled to be more effective ) . 
  i 'd say we 're probably pretty much in agreement on the details , but the main difference between our stances is that your answer goes something like `` no , unless ... '' while mine 's more of a `` yes , providing ... '', 
  it 's ok . at this point it seems even the us government ca n't even stop nsa from spying on us , let alone the us electorate . 
  it 's been a long time since you guys actually had any substantial influence on your government . 
  so we 're not holding the current spying situation against the people of the us . 
  do n't worry , the only time we ever * lose * to russia is when we try to go * into * russia . 
   basically , i almost feel like a country should be on some minimum level , and if bosnia reach that , fine . 
  but , then we have to have the eu on some minimum intelligence level on how to use the budget too , which might be a lot harder actually . 
  for years , decades even , before a new country actually joins the eu , the eu works with the country to get it onto that ` level ' . 
  in the past , when things were looking good , eu may have let a few underdeveloped countries in prematurely , causing economic friction . 
  in the case of greece , eu failed to check the books properly and greece joined the eurozone with a detrimental economic situation . 
  effectively , they placed a `` trojan horse '' in the eu . 
  criteria for joining should be reviewed and financial and economical evaluations should be much , much more thorough , but as long as that happens , i do n't see why bosnia and other former yugoslav countries ca n't join . 
  in fact , i think they 'd be better off joining the eu with a more thoroughly overhauled economy , rather than the countries that recently joined and are only * now * overhauling their economies , while already in the european economic framework , causing local unemployment and poverty . 
  i think you 're being downvoted because this is n't the appropriate place to plug your band . 
  this sub is more about politics , culture , remarkable stories , and to ask questions about europe in general . 
  when dutch people talk about cows and calves in english , the audience is often left standing with their mouth full of teeth . 
  this is because they have n't eaten any cheese of it , and just throw the cap at it . 
  literal translations go the english above the cap , and they ca n't make any chocolate out of it . 
  instead , they just laugh like a farmer with a toothache , and stand there for john with the short surname . 
  we dutch , being a bunch of funtrousers , have made a dedicated subreddit for this phenomenon , here : http://www.reddit.com/r/dunglish come on over and see if you can knot a rope onto it !, 
  i 'd love to send over mountains of gouda , but you have to send crumpets , custard pies and black pudding back to us . 
  stuff can only be bought at special `` british food '' shops here and costs an arm and a leg . 
  groningen , nl , also scores at or near the top on a lot of these ( above rotterdam and amsterdam ) and i must say i agree . 
  though the other two dutch cities have more going on culturally and better job opportunities , the people in groningen just seem more relaxed , friendly and happy . 
  you 're right , i completely missed that . 
  what was the scandal ? 
  i agree . 
  sometimes they just literally parrot whatever press release the government decides to feed them . 
  the whole of european history up until 1000 years ago has been characterized by intermittent waves of mass migrations pushing west . 
  sometimes this was because they themselves were being driven out by other mass migrations , sometimes due to natural disasters or climate change . 
  haha , thought so . 
  pretty awesome really , but on the other hand , you have to live in houten :p, 
  if you want to teach someone or change their opinion on something , you do n't do it by being an asshole , talking down to them and getting snotty . 
  from here it seems like you 're just in a bad mood from something else and taking it out on this kid . 
  so stop it , it 's dumb and ugly . 
  holy shit man , give the kid a break will you ? 
  you sound like an asshole . 
  i think this might mean she 's not getting the nobel peace prize ? 
  it 's a consolation prize ? 
  i wish i could vote for slavoj zizek . 
  no thanks . 
  driving illegal immigrants further underground is n't going to make them go away . 
  it 's just going to make them more illegal . 
  `` wins '', 
  jesus fucking christ uk . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  these are all great cities to just wander around in and explore . 
  haha , i ca n't even tell if you 're trolling or not !,
