  we all know the tories are just * aching * for more spending cuts . 
  as i type this , i am huddled in the corner of my room , in the fetal position , rocking back and forth . 
  that makes me even * less * comfortable . 
  ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ start ^ ^ ^ stalking ^ ^ ^ me ... 
  when i woke up this morning , i never could imagined i would be having an awkward conversation with a latvian by the end of the day . 
  ah , internet ... 
  since i was never much into sports , i 'm pretty clueless about how to `` bro-slap '' someone on the ass . 
  i 'm afraid to because you might get an erection and that would make me very uncomfortable . 
  it 's actually those other languages that got `` shredded up '' . 
  dutch is still relatively `` pure '' and even still sounds a lot like it did 500 years ago . 
  something that ca n't be said for english . 
  yes ; the belgians would say that language is dutch . 
  i ca n't possibly pick a favourite , but i recently saw [ la grande bellezza ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2358891/ ) and absolutely loved it . 
  please , let 's not give any more attention to this idiot 's ramblings . 
  the only reason he has a high number of voters is because he acts angry and makes loud noises on tv . 
  if he did n't get this much media exposure , the mouth-breathing , nose-picking troglodytes who vote for him would simply stay home and watch `` the voice '' on election day . 
  really ? 
  even ` murica ?? 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  corruption is also the problem that gets in the way of solving all the other problems, 
  this is n't even limited to communism . 
  pretty much every totalitarian regime is corrupt to the core . 
  and a lot of democracies suffer from it too . 
  i 'd argue that the thing that hurt communism the most during the soviet era was corruption . 
  communism went away , corruption did n't , and now here we are ... 
  it really is one of the most urgent problems of our time . 
  even though these member states may be strapped for cash , there 's still plenty of capital . 
  unfortunately this is being eroded through bad governance due to corruption , alongside the more blatant embezzlement of funds the word `` corruption '' usually brings to mind . 
  i 'd say that in a practical sense , the `` center '' of europe would be just east of frankfurt am main . 
  i suspect corruption is also the chief cause of most of the economic problems of the struggling member states . 
  the eu as a whole , as well as the businesses within it , all have plenty of money . 
  it 's just not ending up where it 's supposed to . 
  it 's even sneakier than that . 
  it basically allows them to go `` you oppose this legislation ? 
  you must be a filthy pedophile ! '', 
  the one about my imaginary friends finding friends make me snort out loud in the middle of my crowded train . 
  because it 's undemocratic . 
  it exists as a back door for national governments to get unpopular legislation in without having to take responsibility for it . 
  due to this , it has become a vehicle for corporate lobbies rather than representation of european citizens . 
  see : the lisbon treaty  '' ( ... ) the union shall respect its rich cultural and linguistic diversity , and shall ensure that europe 's cultural heritage is safeguarded and enhanced '', 
   the eu way seems to be to cut away the roots that is a baseless and pertinently untrue assumption on your part . 
  that is hilarious . 
  just yesterday i went to see la grande bellezza which rekindled my affection for the eternal city and brought back fond memories of my trip there last summer , and now this article , which puts things back into perspective a bit , lest i not forget it 's still just a city with city problems and all . 
  sure , but roots are useless if there are n't also leaves , flowers and seeds . 
  swedish 22/50 i 'm sorry i failed you , my north germanic brother !, 
  it was the satw comic that gave you that knowledge , was n't it ? 
  you put us all to shame !, 
  not using a translator , never had any danish lessons , let me give it a try :  `` are you still sitting here ? '', 
  swedish 22/50 better than i thought . 
  i got something that sounded like korean or japanese or something . 
  except what he 's doing , and almost all politicians in all eu countries do this , is to hand over tough , unpopular decision-making to the eu , then turn around , face his own people over this and go `` i ca n't do anything about it , my hands are tied , it 's the bloody eu forcing me to do this . '', 
  it 's the perfect crime : a way to push though unpopular policy , and still * gain * popularity in your own country . 
  i bet our government did the same . 
  it 's long been known that our law enforcement and security agencies engage in widespread phone tapping . 
  i 'd be surprised if they * did n't * share some of those taps with us intelligence , especially since in the wake of 9/11 our government was so eager to get on board with the `` war on terror '', 
  awesome nostalgia stuff !, 
  so if i understand correctly , you only had one type of any given product ? 
  it reminds me a bit of a [ melodica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melodica ), 
  yes well i think by now it 's pretty evident that rutte wins the prize for dutch prime minister with the least backbone ever . 
  though i 'm not exactly `` euro-sceptic , '' i subscribed anyway because i think it 's good there 's a place that facilitates counterpoints to be made against the eu and its institutions . 
  i 'll be interested in what gets posted . 
   the eu may be the first suitor in history to propose engagement and then spend the next four years excoriating the morals of their chosen fianc\u00e9 . 
  this is us in a nutshell !, 
  well , we 're not , so he can go fuck himself . 
  cool . 
  i hope they enjoy it . 
  as a dutchman , it always amuses me when people call using the bicycle a * `` lifestyle choice '' *, 
  great save !, 
  what bothers me most is how people park their bikes with total disregard for the flow of pedestrian traffic on sidewalks . 
  i 've been told dutch sounds like klingon . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  a lot of them simply go over because they feel the west is n't doing enough against assad , and just want to help the rebels . 
  of course , with all the different factions within the rebels , it 's a very real possibility they join islamic extremists . 
  well , the fear is that they will come back angry and traumatized , with a pocketbook full of al qaeda contacts , and start doing jihad over here . 
  i 'm skeptical of this decision . 
  sounds a bit too close to minority report to me . 
  what if they do n't have feet ? 
  i dunno , drown them , i guess . 
  i found this post near the top of the front page . 
  do n't be so quick to judge . 
  burgundian netherlands was n't netherlands as any form of recognizable separate country , but rather a collection of dependant provinces and counties that happened to be located in the low countries , aka `` the netherlands '' the hague is the first capital of the first entity recognizable as an actual country called `` the netherlands '', 
  it shared that title with amsterdam . 
  that is one of many origin stories of zwarte piet . 
   and yet , sinterklaas is portrayed as a catholic bishop in full regalia . 
  that 's right , he 's one of those anachronistic aspects of dutch culture , probably retained because he was also patron saint of sailors , which we had a lot of , and you know how superstitious sailors can be . 
  anyway , zwarte piet is obviously not based on one single character or type , but let me ask you this : if you 're going to write a story in which there is to be a scary `` sack man '' - like character , what 's scarier : a slave or a pirate ? 
  or the international jewish banking conspiracy ... somehow . 
  different approaches for the same goal i guess . 
  i 'll admit that my approach is a bit * `` zachte heelmeesters maken stinkende wonden , '' * but on the other hand , now that this clusterfuck has unfolded , you just * know * the pvv is going to capitalize on it . 
  to be clear , i too support gradually changing the look of zwarte piet into a more general `` piet '' over the coming time , since even though i do n't agree that people taking offence is the same as racism , i do agree that it can be taken as offensive and that 's a shame . 
  having said that , i think the earrings should stay . 
  they go well with the colourful garb and the playful , adventurous demeanour . 
  i 've actually been thinking about this a lot , and i 've come up with a somewhat dark and gritty , semi-realistic and non-racist origin story for the new style piet which could be made into a great sinterklaas-movie . 
  but that is for another time . 
  anyone with half a brain stopped believing the netherlands was a `` colour-blind society '' right after the haze of the summer of love had settled and people came to their senses again . 
  of course we know racism exists . 
  the goal is to isolate it and repress it like a wildfire . 
  isolate , separate , do n't give it a chance to spread , because at the end of the day , racism is learned behaviour . 
  a friend of mine sometimes wears her hair natural , but after a month or so she straightens it again , not because of any employer 's comments , but because it 's just too much of a hassle . 
  hair straightening may have been born out of a desire to ` be more white ' , girls these days often do it simply because it 's more convenient .
