  which is why they are so reluctant to change anything ; their future jobs are at stake . 
  meanwhile , to sustain the status quo , they have been gradually dismantling the welfare state that was built in the 1940s and 1950s . 
  the official explanation for this is that the welfare state has become unaffordable , but the * whole * truth is that the welfare state has become * incompatible with their old-boys way of doing things * . 
   then people will know that far left parties do n't understand economics because the centre-right and centre-left parties that have been ruling this past decade have * totally * shown us how well they understand economics , right ? 
   seriously , this mantra has been repeated over and over again about far-left parties and well , it 's just not true . 
  in the netherlands , quite swiftly actually ( the space of about 100 years ) . 
  according to russell shorto 's new book , `` amsterdam , a history of the world 's most liberal city , '' the perceived right to self-determination was already surprisingly strongly present among the dutch in medieval times , while the rest of europe was still under the joint control of popes and kings under the feudal system . 
  this was mostly because a lot of the soggy , flood-prone low-lying land which made up the low countries was pretty worthless , so it was n't owned by any lords , bishops or monasteries . 
  when the dutch then figured out how to drain and protect the land , they themselves were suddenly the owners of this new land . 
  this gave them an incredible level of economic freedom , by medieval standards . 
  during the wave of protestantism that swept europe in the wake of martin luther , the king of spain , who had inherited the low countries , cracked down with draconian force on the dutch population . 
  the dutch , who for a few centuries now had been quite independent from church and monarchy , did n't feel they had to put up with this , and resisted fiercely . 
  the crack-down on protestants elsewhere in europe , meanwhile , led to a massive wave of religious refugees fleeing to the netherlands , which at the time was doing quite well at being independent from the catholic church . 
  all these different denominations of protestantism , some of them quite weird and outrageous , along with many jews as well , fled to the low countries where they could escape persecution . 
  the resulting hodgepodge of faiths within these cities created tensions , but at the same time this sudden surge of internationalism hugely benefited trade ( many refugees brought with them extensive lists of trade contacts ) , so city governments decided to put into practice an active policy of toleration and practical cooperation . 
  anything to keep business booming . 
  anyway , in the century that followed , the netherlands became a place where people could be free to express themselves without fear of the government or church cracking down on them . 
  this is why many great works of the enlightenment , like those of descartes , spinoza , locke , etc , were published in amsterdam . 
  russell shorto argues in his book that liberalism ( both economic liberalism and social liberalism ) was invented in the netherlands in the 16th and 17th centuries . 
  not quite . 
  there are always those with ample means to sustain themselves in a fucked up economy , regardless of which political side fucked it up . 
  three things are at play here : * voter apathy -  many people feel their vote does n't matter , and the eu is undemocratic and will do what it does regardless . 
  this translated into very low voter turnout . 
  * voter anger -  a small percentage of people are outright angry at the eu and perceive it as a threat to their country 's strength and/or health . 
  these same people often perceive immigration and progressive values as threats to their country 's strength and/or health as well . 
  thus , right-wing anti-eu parties fared well . 
  * the economic situation in much of the continent has made many people lose faith in the centre-right and centre-left parties that traditionally dominate european politics . 
  these parties struggled this election . 
  these three things ; anger , disappointment and low turnout , skewed the results in favour of smaller parties with more extreme viewpoints . 
  the new distribution of parliamentary seats paints a picture as if half the european population is now made up of extremists in one form or another ( protip : it 's not ) . 
  yes , let 's be disappointed in the entire population of france . 
  her father is the founder of her party . 
  you realize that her father founded fn , right ? 
  and that he 's still ` honorary chairman ' ? 
  if that does n't say `` keeping true to legacy '' i do n't know what does . 
   sure , but the far left bash anyone who disagrees with their economic policy . 
  when you go `` i do n't like you because of your ideas '' it still creates a far less toxic atmosphere than when you go `` i do n't like you because of the colour of your skin/the place you were born/your religion/your sexual orientation ''  the extreme left advocate violence just as much as the extreme right ; just it is anyone who disagrees with them instead of anyone who does n't look like them . 
  the extreme left and/or right is not what is being discussed here . 
  as far as i 'm concerned both are basically terrorist . 
   democracy also means being allowed to speak one 's mind , even when it means telling 25 % of the voters ( or 10 % of the voting age population ) that they are fucking wrong . 
  i am rather fond of that as well . 
  this is important , because even though the election results give these lunatics some sort of perceived legitimacy , it 's still the right of any citizen in a democratic country to tell these fuckwits that they are wrong and that their ideas are toxic . 
  the fact of the matter is that there is a significant portion of the french population , angry and disenfranchised , that is now openly and aggressively lashing out at the eu , the country 's own immigrants , and anything else they perceive as a `` threat '' to the `` strength '' and/or `` health '' of the nation . 
  op 's website is a message from the rest , the more moderate voters , to express their embarrassment about this section of their population , and to apologize for any future inconvenience this will cause for the rest of the eu . 
   i do n't think a lot of those qualify as `` far '' left . 
  well if you think that is case then the far-left did n't win many seats in the ep at all and op 's question is meaningless . 
  bashing ideas is far less toxic than bashing groups of people as a whole . 
  the netherlands is n't really `` pro-eu '' , but it 's not as `` anti-eu '' as wilders would like it to be either . 
  it 's more like , `` yeah , the way things are going the eu is pretty shitty but it 's the best we can do at the moment '' mostly this is to do with the crisis and the way national politicians like to pretend `` their hands are tied by the eu '' * way * more often than they actually are . 
  this has come back to bite them in the ass now . 
   he actually had his own media buzz in the netherlands about a remark where he asked the public if they wanted fewer moroccan immigrants . 
  this is it . 
  a lot of people were shocked that night when wilders showed his `` true colours '' . 
  many voters expressed regret in voting for him , and some party affiliates distanced themselves from him . 
  there 's 3 broad categories of tourists : * young people who want to get high and egg each other on to go to one of the `` ladies '' . 
  sometimes they 're backpackers , often southern european , american ( or `` canadian '' ) , or australian . 
  they 'll mostly just sit around in the vondelpark staring at their hands , or wobble around on rented bicycles for a bit . 
  on the other hand there 's the loud brits with their stag parties and hen-do 's . 
  they get waaaay too drunk for their own good . 
  * the people who come for the culture . 
  a lot of chinese , japanese , americans , french , other countries too , often middle-aged . 
  they visit the museums and walk along the canals . 
  the americans in particular are fun to spot , not being able to properly use the map and constantly exclaiming in a loud , nasal voice how `` quaint '' everything looks . 
  the asians never actually look at anything if not through the lens of their camera . 
  * the russians and middle-easterners . 
  too much money and no taste . 
  they come to buy diamonds and gucci and other overpriced crap . 
  they like flaunting their wealth , do n't realize how utterly tacky they are , especially to us dutch . 
  very demanding and obnoxious . 
  my least favourite group . 
  on the whole though , i think amsterdam has the best mix of tourists in the world . 
  never a dull moment !, 
  lol , you 're a little bit of an idiot , 
  in the netherlands you do n't even need to register to vote . 
  you automatically get your voting validation in the mail a couple weeks before the election . 
  the problem is n't about how easy it is . 
  the problem is that people * really * , * really * do n't care/think it does n't matter anyway . 
  we also used to have the [ loudest volcano in recorded history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krakatoa ), 
  here 's another one for you , bucktooth : your `` glorious revolution '' which you all hold so dear was actually a dutch invasion which marked the beginning of modern britain as we know it today . 
  they do n't teach you that fact in your sub-par schools , do they ? 
  such revisionism , many self-delusion , wow . 
  you 're welcome , m8 . 
  just got back from a trip to italy . 
  it 's actually depressing to see how they try to squeeze the maximum amount of cars into those beautiful but tiny medieval streets and piazzas in those historic city centres . 
  there you have it folks . 
  this is the real reason right here . 
  i dunno man , new york was pretty run down in the 70s , what with the city being bankrupt and all . 
  and the lower east side . 
  and near the wtc . 
  and brooklyn . 
  [ meanwhile , in new york in the 1970s ] ( http://imgur.com/a/j372c ), 
  i know exactly one bulgarian and he 's ok i guess . 
  he 's the boyfriend of a very , very pretty co-worker and i 'm a bit envious . 
  he 's a big hairy musician who plays some sort of mix of metal and bulgarian folk . 
  it 's not that the economic game is weaker in itself , it 's just that playing this game against an adversary who has changed the rules renders it ineffective at getting the results one would expect when operating solely within this paradigm . 
  sure , playing the economy game would hurt russia over the long term , * if the paradigm remains unchanged * , but this short-term military force projection is radically altering the world 's perception of the global balance of power , upon which the current economic paradigm rests . 
  put in oversimplified terms , russia is now playing the game of `` drag everyone down with you , then carve out new power structures from the ashes '', 
   we only remain captive to russian interests as long as we allow it . 
  this is the key point . 
  for 2 decades , we have been ` gently ' coercing russian interests to align with our own : growing our economies .
