  dutch * does * sound like klingon !, 
  you make better beer than us . 
  it 's pretty neat , but unfortunately still has quite some inaccuracies . 
  attempted murder !, 
  but i 'm onto you ; i stopped reading halfway !, 
  a funny joke in german ? 
  impossible !, 
  it is mostly frowned upon and then tactically ignored . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not romanian . 
  what i do know is that : 1 . 
  western countries * do * know , in a sense , what it 's like to have a marginalized group of people living within your borders ; 2 . 
  our countries are organized in such a way that a nomadic lifestyle is automatically marginalized ; and 3 . 
  our `` marginalized '' people came from our own society and are still a part of it in a way , whereas the roma people were without a country from the get-go . 
  therein lies the difference . 
  oh , we have that too . 
  we call them * woonwagenbewoners * or , pejoratively , * kampers * . 
  they emerged in the 19th century ' , when mechanization put many small farmers , day labourers and peat diggers out of work . 
  they started roaming the country doing odd jobs like tinkering , cobbling , street vending and busking . 
  basically , they were living off the scraps of jobs that were n't already mechanized or institutionalized . 
  increasingly , their jobs became obsolete and less in demand , and the resulting petty crime earned them mistrust and marginalization from society . 
  in the 70s , a law was put into place that forbade them from roaming around any more and they were given permanent camps to set up their caravans in , mostly away from the rest of society . 
  to this day these people live on the fringe and they 're often associated with theft , drug trade and extortion . 
  in a sense , they have many similarities with the roma people . 
  you might be on to something here ... 
  that is a gross generalization . 
  many humans are actually quite invested in where they live and will generally not move away unless things get particularly bad . 
  we may have descended from nomadic cultures who came here in the stone age , but nomadic culture in europe has been slowly dying out since the early middle ages . 
  in its place there is the culture of cities and villages , that stay in the same place and that you become a part of , and that becomes part of you . 
  these places exist in a framework of law and birthright and co-dependence . 
  in this framework there is no place for nomadic tribes any more . 
  this is exactly why they are a problem . 
  yeah , these kinds of ` solutions ' are typical of the policies that stem from the popular sentiment that if we just get rid of foreigners everything will be ok . 
  they 're the result of politicians trying to please the electorate , not of actual research into the problem . 
   this is something the western societies do not understand . 
  we do understand , it 's just that western civilisation is a rigid framework that completely fails to accommodate any sort of nomadic lifestyle . 
  it 's something that has n't existed here since early medieval times . 
  we 're either cosmopolitans , city folk or in some way ` tied to the land ' . 
  we just are n't equipped to deal with a culture that is n't one of these categories . 
  therefore , western civilisation is seen as hostile towards gypsies . 
  to some , this is a justification to come here and exploit the system , lie , cheat , steal , why should they care ? 
  we certainly do n't give a fuck about them , they 're just reciprocating the sentiment . 
  their nomadic lifestyle is the most essential part of their identity . 
  it 's tribal , flexible , independent , and since they do n't belong to any particular society they do n't see any obligation to contribute to its well-being . 
  they 'll go wherever there 's money to be made and since the european framework of taxes , permits , regulations and accountability is completely at odds with the nomadic , independent lifestyle they 'll look to exploit it rather than conform and give up their identity . 
  the christian party got a battering for being in power for a decade , governing through bush 's `` war on terror '' , afghanistan , iraq , lots of related domestic incidents , privatization , growing inequality , reducing civil liberties and finally the financial crisis . 
  more like the government parties are making ( imaginary ) losses . 
  people are angry . 
  in between elections the right-wing and left-wing parties always seem to do well in the polls . 
  but the polls literally mean nothing , because for all the complaining and threatening to vote for right-wing or left-wing parties , come election time we always end up with the same three parties as the largest : the labour party , the liberal party , and the christian democrats . 
  i say we make the remaining european royal families compete in a sports competition every six years , consisting of jousting , sword fighting , archery , wrestling , and poetry reading , and the winning family gets to provide the emperor for six years . 
  now i feel left out :( i do n't think we have wild men in netherlands . 
  i 'll let you guys in on a little secret : he 's doing this because he has become tired and irrelevant in our country . 
  he used to be able to control the talking points by throwing out a poorly worded insult every few weeks . 
  now people shrug when he speaks and move on . 
  the news ignores him . 
  he gets power from media attention . 
  we 're not giving it to him any more , so he 's looking elsewhere . 
  your country would be absolutely amazing if it were n't for your leaders . 
  these seem to be nuts2 regions , which is what [ eurostat ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/nuts_nomenclature/introduction ) uses . 
  average wages are higher due to a higher concentration of skilled workers . 
  they would * like * to pay people less , but it 's inevitable they pay skilled workers more than unskilled workers . 
   so say me how do you measure quality of institutions ? 
  health ? 
  labour market efficiency ? 
  how much of these valuations are ideological ? 
  for institutions it 's a question of trustworthiness and expedience . 
  a quality institution would have low levels of corruption and high levels of efficient throughput . 
  in the case of health , you can measure life expectancy , percentage of sick days per worker , work-related injuries , etc. 
  labour market efficiency would be measurable by seeing how many people get employed in jobs appropriate to their skill level , how easy it is for companies to hire them , fire them , promote them , etc. 
  so you see , it 's not all about ideology . 
  you can actually measure these factors . 
  competitiveness is everywhere where a variety of local factors , such as educated population , quality infrastructure , trustworthy government institutions , a stable and sizeable economy and high levels of technology , all come together to create an environment that gives business a competitive advantage . 
  * courtesy of / u/myothercarisawhale in [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/1kzv3c/european_union_regional_competitiveness_index/cbudbig ) : * its based on 11 `` pillars '' accoring to the pdf [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/sources/docgener/studies/pdf/6th_report/rci_2013_report_final.pdf )  the basic pillars represent the basic drivers of all economies . 
  they include :   ( 1 ) quality of institutions   ( 2 ) macro-economic stability ,   ( 3 ) infrastructure ,   ( 4 ) health   ( 5 ) quality of primary and secondary education . 
    these pillars are most important for less developed regions . 
  the efficiency pillars are   ( 6 ) higher education and lifelong learning   ( 7 ) labour market efficiency   ( 8 ) market size . 
    the innovation pillars , which are particularly important for the most advanced regional economies , include   ( 9 ) technological readiness ,   ( 10 ) business sophistication   ( 11 ) innovation . 
    this group plays a more important role for intermediate and especially for highly developed regions . 
  london area - 94 3 . 
  berkshire , buckinghamshire , oxfordshire - 94 4 . 
  region of stockholm - 93 5 . 
  surrey , east and west sussex - 91 6 . 
  region of amsterdam - 90 7 . 
  region of frankfurt - 89 8 . 
  region of paris - 89 9 . 
  region of copenhagen - 89 10 . 
  zuid-holland - 88 source : http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/sources/docgener/studies/pdf/6th_report/rci_2013_report_final.pdf, 
   i remember i somehow felt sad when i watched it as a kid here 's the thing : it does n't take a grown-up to understand how fucked up the world can be sometimes . 
  if you skip the bullshit and cut right to the chase a child can feel a deep , sad connection to the world the same as any adult . 
  herman van veen knows this and wrote a serious story for children , that treats childrens ' minds with respect and does n't act condescending to them , as if they were n't able to understand . 
  just let the story speak for itself . 
  kids can figure it out . 
  it 's all about the marketing , baby !, 
  lord forgive me for having an opinion , eh ? 
   the real world predates big brother by 7 years . 
  [ yeah , so ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nummer_28 )  alfred j. kwak is nl-de-jap , so it does n't really count . 
  bullshit , it totally counts . 
  herman van veen created the show and wrote the episodes , that makes the show pretty dutch in my book . 
  does n't matter if some of the production staff were in japan .
