  surely not after the cold war ? 
  do they still show movies from before 1990 in russian cinemas ? 
  that 's actually pretty backward . 
  100 % bitches !, 
  in spite of having abolished slavery 150 years ago , the usa still struggles with racism . 
  what 's your point ? 
  these issues are never linear . 
  they are a bumpy ride , fraught with setbacks and unpleasant surprises . 
  so we continue to address them . 
  i 'm wondering whether the numbers also include foreigners who move here to get a degree and then leave again . 
  because the amount of foreign students in my city is huge . 
  mostly german , spanish and chinese , but from many other countries too . 
   proposals are a case of throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  even if that were n't a gross oversimplification , you can still analyze the shit and see what it contains and who it comes from . 
  you realize `` proposals '' do n't just pop up out of thin air right ? 
  they tell you a little bit about what 's being discussed and what the stances of the various parties at the discussion table are . 
  i was referring more specifically to the eu , but sure . 
  is this one of those weird instances again where the french mix up their acronyms and call it `` sisi '' or something and isis in france is actually an electro-disco group ? 
  look how happy poland is being in esa !, 
  can finally into space !, 
  the first map - the general consensus is that the eastern border of europe is along the ural mountains . 
  so it should be further east , i.e. 
  from northern russia down through the western tip of kazakhstan and into the caspian sea . 
  everyone always forgets about malta . 
  the 23 main lf-routes are more like the highways though . 
  there are i think probably 100 + secondary lf-routes , not on this map , that are also excellently paved and signposted as well . 
   thus , as we know , if we start today we might finish in 25 years . 
  it 's the european way !, 
  he rode the elfstedentocht . 
  he 's dutch . 
  whatever she lacks in the looks department , i 'm pretty sure she makes up for in the charisma , skill and expertise departments . 
  you do n't get that high up if you do n't seriously know how to make a good impression . 
   she would have been great had she been a little prettier . 
  what a stupid remark . 
  what fucking difference does it make ? 
  he 's putin 's date . 
  you ca n't blame him for wanting to spare himself the embarrassment of showing up alone . 
  you have been one of us for a while now poland . 
  get used to it . 
  after pressuring the government , the government ordered the nam to pay up , but they insist on using their own experts to assess the damage and wo n't accept damage assessments from insurance companies . 
  the residents , of course , feel this is unfair . 
  so although the nam is `` showing their good intentions '' the people see it differently . 
  it is as of yet unresolved . 
  so far no buildings have collapsed , but some people 's homes have had their structural integrity compromised . 
  the problem is that in recent years the earthquakes have become more frequent and more intense than experts had initially predicted . 
  it 's an uncertain future and as a result people 's property values have plummeted and they do n't feel safe any more . 
   its efforts to spread western values and promote democracy in ukraine and other post-soviet states what a despicable thing to do !, 
  the netherlands could step-up gas production , but it 's a hugely controversial issue at the moment because of [ the earthquakes . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22542982 ), 
  oh , well , you know , `` accidents '' happen when you 're operating in an incredibly tense situation . 
  it 's not like you can tell your soldiers who are operating so close to the border to take extra care or , i dunno , give them proper maps . 
  that 's right . 
  his psychopath mates off-camera could be from my own country for all i know . 
  this is a problem we as europeans are all in together . 
  i think i read somewhere that countries that have a relatively large population of young males ( late teens , 20-somethings , and early 30s ) , tend to experience more civil unrest . 
  this could be the case for ethnic groups within populations as well . 
  there seem to be an awful lot of young , angry lads among the muslim populations of various european countries at the moment . 
  yeah , it 's always this . 
  `` you have to shut up because we chased off the nazis for you . '', 
  well that 's great russia but the americans and british did so here in western europe and you did n't see them forcefully resettling our land , sending in their people to become a large minority , and installing a secret police to keep in check everyone who opposed them or else send them off to the gulag . 
  we shall deal with them through an unbiased judicial process that respects personal integrity and the right to a fair trial . 
  because * that * is what we stand for here in europe and is what makes us free . 
  we do n't kill them or enact vengeance on them banish them from europe by revoking citizenship . 
  those are barbaric medieval things to do and that is exactly what we over here are * not * . 
  this is exactly how it was in the netherlands until recently , but the problem has now become so huge they really ca n't afford to do nothing any more . 
  they are taken to a depot on the outskirts of town and stored . 
  you have to go there with your bike key , walk through thousands of stored bikes to find your bike , use the key on the destroyed lock to prove it 's yours , and then you pay a fine and the bike is given back to you . 
  many of the removed bikes never get collected though , so after a certain time ( i think it 's like 6 months to a year ) they are sold off in twice-yearly public municipal bike auctions . 
  it 's a good way of obtaining a cheap bike . 
  they give you a certificate with the frame number to prove you did n't steal the bike , but picked it up legally at the municipal bike auction . 
  yes and no . 
  new parking facilities are being built , but not at a fast enough rate to accommodate growth . 
  there are also older facilities and paid facilities , but these are often inconvenient and are n't used as much as they could be . 
  then there 's the problem of `` orphan bikes '' . 
  many bikes in the netherlands ( especially the ones the dutch use to go to and from train stations ) are so old and worthless , they get abandoned when they become unrideable and fixing them would cost more than buying a new ( second hand ) bike . 
  often they 'll just sit there in the station 's parking facility , wasting space . 
  there are programs to mitigate this problem , by periodically registering parked bicycles and removing them if they have n't moved from a spot in 12 days , but these programs are n't effective enough . 
  all in all we 're talking about hundreds of thousands of bicycles that are taking up space where that space could be used more efficiently or for other purposes . 
  getting this mess sorted out costs a lot of time , effort and money . 
  haha , well , you like what you like . 
  no sense arguing about taste . 
  * translation : * ** around dutch train stations there are more bicycles than the available parking facilities can handle . 
  illegally parked bicycles are being removed , thousands at a time , to municipal depots at the edge of town . 
  last year , the 4 largest cities in the netherlands removed 126,958 illegally parked bicycles ; a new record . 
  is there a solution to this problem ? 
  ** last year , 11,462 bicycles were removed in rotterdam , 16,688 in the greater the hague area . 
  in amsterdam , the city that started the bike removal program , the number is staggering : in 2013 , 73,745 illegally parked bicycles were removed . 
  this is more than double the amount of removed bikes compared to only 4 years ago . 
  in utrecht ( 25,063 removed bicycles last year ) , we meet chaib , marco and bartho ( `` do n't use my full name please ; a lot of people hate us '' ) , who are doing their daily rounds around the station . 
  the sound of the angle grinder with which chaib removes the lock sounds like a dentist 's drill in the confines of the `` zero-tolerance-tunnel '' . 
  marco lifts the bicycle , a beige mountain bike , onto the back of the truck . 
  the destroyed lock is wrapped around the handle bars . 
  bartho enters the bike 's details into his mobile phone and puts a sticker on the handle bars : `` parked in a dangerous spot '' . 
  ** row upon row ** when it 's not summer vacation , the bicycles are parked row upon row around central station . 
  the expectation is that this will only get worse in the coming years . 
  `` bicycles are becoming an increasingly important part of train journeys , '' transport minister schultz wrote in a letter to parliament in 2011 . 
  until 2020 , she expects an additional 140,000 to 160,000 extra bicycle parking spots to be needed around stations in the netherlands . 
  for this reason , utrecht has started work on what will become the largest bicycle parking facility in the world , with room for 12,500 bicycles . 
  in the netherlands there are 22.3 million bicycles , to a population of 16.8 million . 
  more and more people are riding their bikes to the train station : over 40 % today , compared with 30 % in the year 2000 .
