  chaib can understand them , the commuters who chuck their bike against the first available bollard they find . 
  `` people who are in a hurry are thinking : my train leaves in 3 minutes , so screw the rules . '', 
  still , people like chaib often suffer much verbal abuse . 
  `` they call you a bike thief or an asshole . 
  people all have their own truth . 
  they do n't care that you 're clearing the tactile paving for the visually impaired . 
  they just want to be angry . '', 
  going off topic here , continuing this conversation : at the time it seemed pretty fucking brutal of germany , forcing the austerity measures that hurt the greek population who actually had fuck-all to do with the state of the country 's finances , but looking back i kind of think i see what they were going for : essentially the greek people were being robbed by their top-ranking officials and basically the austerity measures were there to ensure there was nothing for the officials left to steal , lest they stick their filthy claws into the bare essentials and risk having their heads cut off . 
  wtf bro a good stamppot can be delicious !, 
  maybe that 's because one side does more stuff that attracts criticism ? 
  the comments on this article are hilarious . 
  `` it 's okay guys , he 's from bavaria so he 's a conservative !, 
  phew ! '', 
  i 've noticed that as well . 
  the comment threads get vote-brigaded too . 
  100km is good for train travel but not for high speed lines . 
  also , it 's more to do with how many stops there are along the way , that determines what kind of train you use . 
  high speed trains for long distances between large hubs , but lightweight rapid accelerating-decelerating trains for lines with many stops close to eachother . 
  but what i mean is , even the longest distances in france are quite doable in a high speed train journey that usually does n't take more than 4-5 hours . 
  if you cycle 2x 5km every day it becomes so normal it 's no effort any more . 
  it 's a little bit of exercise maybe at first but the human body is capable of much more so getting used to this is easy and you will not break a sweat after a while . 
  as for shoes : dutch people like to wear nice shoes just like everyone else but will wear practical shoes more often . 
  people who work in the office may bring an extra pair of shoes : a lot of women have plain flat shoes for the commute and high heeled office shoes for at work ( some women will even keep their office shoes in their desk drawer at work ) . 
  the dutch do like nice things but are also very practical : it 's all about putting the proper tool to the task . 
  france is the perfect size for train travel . 
  cycling is not seen as a sporty activity in the netherlands . 
  infrastructure is designed so cyclists do n't have to `` break their flow '' . 
  that means you can cycle at a leisurely pace if you want and still make good time . 
  average cycling speeds in nl is about ~ 18km/h . 
  bicycle paths are usually quite wide where you can cycle side-by-side , just like if you were walking with a friend , and still room on the left for faster cyclists to overtake . 
  an average dutch cyclist ( and this average includes children and the elderly ) can do a 5km journey in about 20 minutes . 
  the idea is not to get there fast , but to get there efficiently and comfortably . 
  cycling is not seen as a mode of `` road transport '' , but more like an `` upgrade '' to your feet . 
  a bicycle journey in the netherlands would thus be about 3x as fast as a journey on foot . 
  edit : being a cyclist , i have also cycled in various southern european cities during the summer when i was there on holiday , and i think it 's actually perfectly doable in those cities as well . 
  i did n't feel any noticeable discomfort from the hills or the heat . 
  maybe it made me a * little * bit slower than in the netherlands , but the difference is negligible . 
  the actual big difference is that the infrastructure has much less `` flow '' than in the netherlands . 
  when i was on holiday in paris i rented a bike , and being from the netherlands you can expect i was looking at parisian bicycle infrastructure with a critical eye . 
  i must say , even though there is a lot lacking , as a cyclist you can feel the willingness is there . 
  on the busiest parts there was * some * sort of accommodation for cyclists and i noticed motorists are also willing to share the road with bikes as long as you behave properly . 
  i did n't get cut off or yelled at and they were courteously giving me ample space . 
  i even cycled on the champs-elys\u00e9es , something normally only tour de france contestants can say they did . 
   i 'm sure you can do it , in the future . 
  it will take a long time and things will move forward slowly and at small pieces at a time , but i 'm sure paris can become a good bicycle city one day . 
  also , you can learn from dutch mistakes , things that do n't work as well here as they 're supposed to , and do it properly in the first place . 
   currently in the suburbs there are many train lines which go to paris , but unless you live next to a train station , you 'll probably need a car to get to the train station because the public rail system does n't cover all the suburbs as well as it does paris . 
  in the netherlands , it 's common to cycle to the station and then take the train to the city . 
  even though the stations out in the suburbs and commuter towns are spread out thin , people still do n't need to use a car that often . 
  are there any possibilities of this happening in france in the future ? 
   what 's your daily commute , what forms of public/private transit do you use , and what about journeys other than your daily commute , basically , how do you travel around ? 
  my daily commute is 4km by bike . 
  do n't need public transport . 
  other than my commute , i do use the train a lot . 
  it 's fast and comfortable . 
  the one i use is on time most of the time . 
  i hear that on busier stretches trains are late more often . 
   how timely/efficient/costly is it ? 
  i have a subscription to the railway company that comes with a huge reduction , so it 's really quite cheap . 
  the route i usually take is a 2 hour train trip to see my mother . 
  recently , 10 minutes was shaved off that time when a new stretch of rail tracks opened . 
   is it electric or `` polluting '' ? 
  nearly all trains in the netherlands are electric , except for some remote rural lines up north that use dmus . 
   can you use your bike in combination with public transit ? 
  you can use a bike to get to or from the train station . 
  parking is ample . 
  a lot of people will own a `` station bike '' on the other side of the train trip , for the last part of the journey . 
  you can also use ov-fiets for that bit . 
  taking your bike with you on the train is possible , but costs extra . 
  a folding bike on the other hand counts as regular luggage and is free . 
   can you live car-free ? 
  i can and i do . 
  i hardly ever miss it . 
   are your governments supportive of such initiatives ( funding wise etc ) ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the government surely does send out mixed signals about car ownership . 
  lol , that whole sub is n't even a month old and already they 've had to disable the downvote button in css so the shit they post does n't immediately sink to the bottom in favour of people attempting to post sanity . 
  dammit , i was hoping our result would actually be [ something cool ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/24/spyker_c8_ami.jpg ) ... stupid google ... :(, 
  most certainly . 
  sure if you think a constant stream of tourists is peaceful . 
  there 's also big harvests coming out of my veggie garden currently . 
  seriously , there is an overabundande of * everything * at the moment . 
  not the atlantic road ? 
  [ the grachtengordel ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7fzwzfw.jpg ) is the belt of canals around the medieval city centre and at the time the largest public works project ever built since the pyramids . 
  i think i 've seen them drive opels on occasion too . 
  yes please !, 
  do n't think i 've ever seen a police bmw before . 
  our police mostly uses volkswagen , opel and volvo . 
  eu could form a buying bloc that temporarily distributes gas among member states at the prices they are currently paying for it . 
  any short-term backlash that would create resulting in making a loss , could be mitigated in the long term by pressuring gazprom to lower prices . 
  best threads on / r/europe in a long time . 
  nah , the dutch were mostly concentrating on east asia in the beginning . 
  the raids on brazil did n't start until the 1620s . 
  the dutch captured and controlled a couple of portuguese settlements , and founded a few of their own . 
  then in the 1650s they got booted out again by the portuguese . 
  the dutch were never as invested in the americas as they were in east asia , and the west indian company ( est. 
  1623 ) never made the kind of profits the voc did . 
  voc was founded in 1602, 
  lol , that 's awful . 
  ireland relevant !,
