  that dutch accent is spot-on !, 
  even as early as 1952 , london already had [ the big smoke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_smog ), 
  the big cities were plenty dirty as late as the early 90s . 
  amsterdam used to be full of blackened buildings back then ( not to mention the dog shit everywhere ), 
  they were pretty dirty . 
  london for instance was virtually black . 
  it 's nothing to do with some kind of evil magical mist of communism turning buildings black , it 's simply that we used to have much dirtier cars and factories . 
  the west started cleaning up their cities earlier than the east , but they were grimey once too . 
  this varies between buildings of course , depending on what kind of stone was used . 
  the palace on dam square in amsterdam was recently cleaned to the best of the cleaners ability , but it 's still quite black , because the pollutants have unfortunately soaked * into * the porous stone . 
  they considered using chemicals to clean it out of there , but it would n't get a much better result and there 's a huge risk it might damage the stone . 
  up until the 90s all european cities looked like this . 
  it 's the soot and other pollutants from car exhausts and coal furnaces . 
  cities used to be a lot blacker than they are today . 
  today , thanks to cleaner car engines , less houses using old fashioned furnaces , and power washing becoming cheaper and more readily available , most of that black gunk has been cleaned up . 
  but it used to be on * everything * . 
  uh ... boes and purno de purno ? 
  all i can think of off the top of my head . 
  i 'm sure there are more . 
  no , the cartoon 's french . 
  the comic 's belgian . 
  it 's a japanese series in the same sense that the iphone is a chinese phone . 
  tintin 's actually a french cartoon . 
  herman van veen is the kind of dude who believes that just because someone 's a child , does n't mean they 're incapable of understanding complex societal issues . 
  you just need to explain them clearly , is all . 
   german with a dutch dialect is very charming as well i hear this a lot . 
  the other way round is also true !, 
  probably the most successful cartoon to ever come out of our country . 
  i hated heidi with a fiery passion !, 
  nils holgersson was alright , though !, 
  thank you for this . 
  many of my countrymen are too busy having a national pride boner to recognize we just sent a hack into a second term . 
  that 's nice that you hate these comments , but have you followed the history of dutch finance ministers at all ? 
  they invariably end up working in banking and finance after their political career . 
  usually at one of the very corporations they ` dealt ' with during their time as finance minister . 
  because he 's not the kind of person with the vision to do what 's right for the euro . 
  he 's a technocrat and a civil servant , following orders , already planning how his career will continue after politics , most likely in a lucrative position with one of the very banks who 's interests he 's now protecting . 
  just like almost literally all his predecessors . 
  true democracy indeed . 
  greek people voted to not have that dildo shoved up their ass even further . 
  so the rest of europe respected that decision and brought along a lamppost instead . 
  sorry guys for unleashing that idiot on you for another 2,5 years ... 
  this is perfect . 
   and merkel does n't have a bad hair day uh-oh ... 
  it could n't possibly be the austerity !, 
  it must be all those corrupt politicians and lazy greek pensioners embezzling all that money they do n't have !, 
  no it means that if you owe a shit ton of money you 're not allowed to have democracy anymore . 
  eurogroup apparently has the power to revoke that part of your constitution . 
  holy shit have you read that agreement ? 
  greece has gone from taking it in the ass , to getting full-on gang-raped . 
  this is n't an agreement , it 's vengeance . 
  shit , our secret is out !, 
  i think syriza is a pretty cool guy . 
  he gives the finger to merkel and does n't afraid of anything . 
  unfortunately . 
  they broke the system , and now they wonder why nobody wants to accept all their far-reaching plans . 
  same here , we call it the [ poldermodel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder_model ) , and it has even spawned a new verb , `` polderen '' , meaning `` to lengthily negotiate towards an agreement based on complete consensus . '', 
  we are pretty cheap , and we can be a bit more rude than what you 're used to , depending on where you 're from . 
  most people i know keep their homes about 19-21 degrees celsius . 
  i dunno if that 's cold to you . 
  `` going dutch , '' like many other expressions that play on dutch stereotypes , is one of a long list of exaggerated bullshit tropes the english made up about the dutch during the 4 anglo-dutch wars . 
  why did you keep buying them after the first one then ? 
  that 's on you , buddy . 
  i 'm gon na have to confiscate those sunglasses . 
  that was a really dumb joke . 
   me scratching my arse playing the piano when the mood takes me for my own enjoyment is not economic activity . 
  funny guy !, 
  disprove my point by being sarcastically asinine !, 
  you sure showed me !, 
    if supply increases with an increase in demand we tend to see prices falling . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not as if people 's livelihoods depend on it . 
   no amount of price drop would make me buy some of the hand made tat you see now that 's fine , you have your personal preference . 
   i could teach someone to play the piano to about grade 4 but what is my motivation ? 
  i really dont want to teach . 
  plenty of people do , evidenced by the shit teachers put up with not related to teaching , just so they can be a teacher while not getting a pay-raise for a decade . 
   and without motivation to stay employed and enjoy a ( much ? ), 
  higher quality of life i imagine many people would stop at some point . 
  bare in mind some skills are hard to learn and require a lot of investment ( medicine , engineering ) . 
  the amount of children who want to be a doctor or engineer when they grow up is quite high . 
  how come so many do n't make it , i mean , apart from the ones who genuinely do n't have the learning capacity ? 
   also , while i ca n't speak for all fathers given the choice i would love to be a stay at home parent and enjoy my childrens childhood . 
  in many developed countries you see a shift towards both parents working part-time so they can spend time with the kids equally . 
  i imagine we 'd see a lot more of that happening . 
  bear in mind that many stay-at-home mothers * would * actually want to have a job as well , but the cost of having the dad work less is just not worth it . 
   all in all - given a level of income that would truly make people comfortable i think we 'd see there being a real crunch in too many critical skills maybe such that it would cause economic collapse and we 'd end up in something of a pre-industrialisation society . 
  i think that 's quite overly-dramatic . 
  we will however probably see a big * shift * in the economy though . 
   basics such as food production , transportation , sewage treatment are all things we take so much for granted we forget the hard work we need to keep them going and how thankless these jobs are in the grand scheme of things . 
  it 's true these are thankless jobs ; we do n't pay these people enough . 
  we 'd probably have to pay these people more . 
  this means we 'd have to look for other ways to cut costs besides pay-cuts and lay-offs , as is the current practice . 
   now , you may so `` yeah but wages would rise to make things more attractive to people '' well they might , but this is inflationary and if the current model is any guide this will just push up prices overall until the point that people need to work to live ... luckily , thanks to increasing wages , tax revenue will also increase , compensating for the inflation correction in the welfare system . 
  ( this is a silly point ; in all likelihood supply and demand will find a new , more healthy equilibrium )  but all this depends on your definition of `` basic needs '' . 
  with some tweaks i dont see why the welfare systems in most european countries are that bad . 
  well , they are getting worse , and this is having an averse effect , which is kind of the point of this discussion . 
   yes , one good point . 
  thank you so much , kind sir !, 
  you are too generous !, 
   assuming i am anywhere near average then i 'd assume that many people would pursue their hobbies and interests and i 'd not expect this to line up with things that are economically or socially useful .
