russia has a steve jobs memorial ? 
  we actually get way more back than we put in , through the connected economy . 
  we may not see it on our eu balance sheet , but it 's pretty obvious we see it through hugely increased economic activity . 
  the question is , what do we do with all that extra money that ends up in our economy ? 
  right now it seems we use it to bail out banks and buy supersonic jet fighters . 
  we could probably use more of it on our own citizens , but that 's a whole different debate . 
  given how rutte reacted annoyed , while cameron reacted outright angry , you 'd expect the two figures to be the other way round . 
  `` he drove his lotus elan to work every morning . '', 
  it 's become like this through a continuous spiral of threat and response , that has slowly allowed batshit-insane , posturing , muscle-flexing , extreme right-wing nutjobs to completely take over israel 's government and civic life . 
  there 's hardly any opposition left . 
  [ lol how does i diplomacy ? 
  ] ( http://www.librarified.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing-dog.jpg ), 
  i think he 's just referring to comparable extremist ideologies . 
  extreme actions is another matter . 
  when famous kebab remover serbia thinks you 've gone too far , you know you 've gone * way * too far !, 
  holy shit is there a conspiratard intern working at the israeli embassy or something ? 
  while utrecht has a nice city centre , the area around the train station , hoog catherijne , is thoroughly fucked up . 
  they could put it there . 
  in soviet netherlands , lego steps on you !, 
  do n't tell that to the residents of amsterdam , who have been waiting for ages for the new metro line that 's 6 years overdue and 3 times over budget . 
  it 's the martinitoren . 
  relax . 
  it 's national coming out day in the netherlands and in honour of this the city of groningen , where this church is , is celebrating `` rainbow week '' . 
  they put up the flags to signify this . 
  \\ #asianpeopleproblems, 
  to show who 's boss . 
  somebody 's got ta do it . 
  i 'm insulted that this dude ca n't come up with better insults for my country . 
  hey man , villages in the dutch bible belt can be [ pretty damn charming !, 
  way to go spain and portugal !, 
  you may be struggling economically , but you 're better than us at sustainable energy at least !, 
  holy crap you 're boring, 
  nowhere did i say anything about civilizations . 
  why are you making this about civilizations ? 
  pretty sure whatever humans migrated though europe first , they found the black sea before they found the north sea . 
  he really looks the part !, 
  well of course , i just thought it would be older because of being in romania , which was inhabited long before the low countries were inhabited . 
  only 555 years ? 
  huh , til . 
  i thought amsterdam was relatively young for a european capitol city at about 800 years . 
  haha what 's up with the redneck on pic 74 in the putin t-shirt ? 
  `` are you eating enough vegetables ? 
  are you going to bed on time ? 
  i wish you 'd call more often ! '', 
   it turns out no one recognises the flag . 
  i 've seen you around before , but why would i talk shit to you ? 
  i mean , unless you start writing hateful or idiotic posts , i think you deserve to be treated politely like everyone else . 
  everyone on here is just one person with a flag flair , not a representative of an entire country/ethnicity . 
  and aside from the occasional idiot , people on / r/europe seem to actually remember that . 
  actually farm subsidies are handled on the eu level . 
  the countries do n't handle any of this themselves . 
  it 's one of the most - if not * the * most - extensive and expensive eu programs to date . 
  usually in his 50s , dressed in shabby clothes . 
  mercs and vws are n't cheap . 
  build me a reliable and affordable car and i 'll seriously consider buying it . 
  it 's just a stereotype . 
  everyone knows the cockney accent or the west country accent and the stereotypes they 're associated with , but when we mean `` a posh , aristocratic english accent '' we use `` british accent '' as shorthand . 
  i kinda liked the dutch dubs for the asterix & obelix cartoons though . 
  `` i say old chap , you would n't happen to know the whereabouts of sarah connor would you ? '', 
  `` nice accent '' top kek, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  in the netherlands we have the frisians . 
  they have a strong sense of being different from the rest of the netherlands . 
  they have their own language and culture , and while there 's not a serious independence movement , they have a political party that strives for more autonomy . 
  i do n't think anyone in the netherlands would seriously oppose a push for independence . 
  what we would like , though , is for borders to remain open , since many frisians live elsewhere in the netherlands and many dutch people from elsewhere live in friesland . 
  so , maybe like , they continue being part of the eu under the same conditions only as an independent state or something . 
  barcelona is such an amazing city . 
  pissing off the french - it 's our number 1 favourite european pastime . 
  well , he did actually head what was to be [ the last successful invasion of england ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ) , although the brits would never admit to that of course and call it a `` revolution '' instead . 
   besides , we were n't being very nice to willem at the time . 
  we were into republicanism and he felt left out , so when the english went looking for a protestant royal to put on their throne , they found his wife and by extension , him . 
  so he said to us : `` screw you guys , i 'm hopping across the north sea to rule a people who * do * want me ! '', 
  / u/themadfleming , your writing style seems consistent with your username . 
  amsterdam 's red light district . 
  it 's been turned into an r-rated disneyland . 
  the ideological framework of tolerance and liberal values that made it possible , is now being cynically exploited by shady entrepreneurs to con tourists out of their money with tacky peepshows and overpriced 420-blaze-it t-shirts . 
  and it 's so frustrating too , seeing as how utterly beautiful and culturally rich the rest of amsterdam is . 
  yet the image in the public mind is one of filth and debauchery . 
  somewhere during the 18th century the british lost interest in the dutch . 
  during the 17th century there was an epic rivalry going on for control of global trade , and the brits won . 
  during this rivalry a lot of hatred and negative stereotyping existed on both sides . 
  after the brits won , they quickly forgot about the netherlands and reoriented towards the americas and the british empire . 
  they never really stopped to check back to see how the dutch were doing so the old-timey stereotypes did n't get re-evaluated and just sort of lingered in the subconscious cultural psyche . 
  meanwhile , the dutch had experienced a traumatic rags-to-riches-to-rags two centuries and needed to thoroughly rethink its cultural sense of self . 
  this resulted in a sort of solemn introspection , almost navel-gazing , and retreating from the international scene for a century or so . 
  when the dutch re-emerged and started to participate internationally again , they looked to their closest kin to emulate : a lot of mid-20th-century dutch culture is mimicry of british culture . 
  the dutch , being geographically located between international heavyweights , has been forced to reconcile its own self-image with the pressures of globalization . 
  the brits , on the other hand , had been so culturally dominant up until the mid-20th-century that they had n't developed the mental tools to reorient themselves in the global order yet . 
  the current self-deprecating acceptance of utter mediocrity that is so prevalent in the british sense of self today , is exactly like the sense of mediocrity the dutch experienced during the 19th century ( then called the `` jan-salie-mentality '' , after a short story by everhardus johannes potgieter about the slow , feckless mentality of the dutch during the industrial revolution ), 
  oh right , i misunderstood . 
  i thought he said norway should make the deal with belgium , since he said `` we 've been having overcrowded prisons as long as i can remember . '', 
  and his flair is dutch ( therefore i interpreted we = the netherlands ) . 
  not only do the netherlands and britain share many cultural traits thanks to thousands of years of north sea back-and-forth , but we 're [ extremely similar in genetic makeup ] ( http://i.imgur.com/au0pafl.jpg ) too . 
  i 'm half english and half dutch and have lived in both countries , and the reason i do n't feel like a foreigner in either country is because the two are almost exactly the same . 
  you may be reading the title wrong . 
  it is our prison cells that are empty and unused and norway is paying us to put their criminal shitheads in our cells cause they do n't have enough . 
   we 've been having overcrowded prisons as long as i can remember . 
  what ? 
  on the contrary , we have way too many prison cells .
