  you two should get together and write a tl ; dr wiki of dutch history . 
   below sea level below n.a.p. 
  actually , which is the high water mark for amsterdam . 
  most of the land is at or slightly above the average sea level ( but would flood nonetheless if it were n't for the water management systems ) . 
  it was a trade empire , whereas what we think of as empires today are colonial empires . 
  after the voc went bankrupt and dutch naval power declined , we did try our hand at being a colonial empire for a while , but we were n't very good at it , and we did n't really want to be a colonial empire anyway . 
  we were just in it for the money . 
  i dunno , it 's money . 
  as long as i can pay for stuff with it , i do n't care . 
  well , you know , britannia rules the waves and all that . 
  it was the new constitution of 1848 that made it possible for catholics to hold office again , although it took a while for protestants to stop treating them with contempt and mistrust . 
  famously , in 1885 , king william iii refused to attend the opening ceremony of the new national museum , as in his eyes it was `` too catholic '' . 
  even though until well after wwii catholics were generally the most represented in numbers of voters , it was n't until the late 19th century that there was catholic representation in the house , and not until 1901 that they formed a coalition government with the protestants and the anti-revolutionaries . 
  first catholic prime minister was n't until 1918 . 
  the dutch went into empire in north america to make money . 
  the english were interested in settling there ( to gain religious freedom ) . 
  when it so happened there was n't actually that much money to be made around the new netherland area ( beaver pelts , mostly ) , and the surrounding areas became more and more colonized by english religious people , the dutch did n't see much point of hanging on to it and had no problem giving it up for suriname . 
  we have some great beers . 
  it 's just that heineken is n't one of them . 
  we call ourselves `` nederlanders '' . 
  we live in `` nederland '' and speak `` nederlands '', 
   do they have any relation with the monarchy ? 
  not at all . 
  i 'd go so far as to say the nobility in the netherlands is actually older than the presence of the house of orange-nassau , and due to the transition from a catholic to a protestant country , the transition from a feudal to a bourgeois society , and the transition from a land-based to a trade-based economy , they were made mostly irrelevant . 
  although some of them do seem to have slimed their way into favor with the monarchy and are often found holding cushy , well-paying jobs . 
  this was back when the pope was still a significant political power in much of catholic europe . 
  the protestants were terrified rome would regain power and influence and start persecuting protestants again . 
   very friendly relationship with canada ( though i ca n't remember why ) . 
  canadian troops did much of the fighting against the german occupiers in the last days of the war . 
  we 're still grateful for that . 
   william of orange founded the netherlands as an independent kingdom . 
  * prince * william of orange ( 1533-1584 ) was ` merely ' a * stadtholder * of holland who helped lay the ground work for what was effectively to become a republic . 
  we only became a kingdom again under napoleon , when he made his brother louis king . 
  after napoleon , the house of orange was invited back in and * king * william i ( 1772-1843 ) was the first king of an independent kingdom of the netherlands . 
  it 's because the words `` dutch '' , `` deutsch '' , `` duits '' , and `` diets '' all have the same germanic root and meaning , translating to something like `` belonging to our people '' . 
  funny , you rarely hear an englishman talking about that . 
  i do n't think it 's even in your history books . 
  having grown up in assen and groningen : even i ca n't understand it . 
  in the netherlands , every day is leg day !, 
  and we even have all the potatoes you can eat !, 
  truly the promised land !, 
   gabber is still alive and kicking there what ? 
  where ? 
   * one of our fellow monarchies in europe , although i 'm not sure whether they have the widespread support that our monarchy does . 
  they have about 80 % support . 
   * they 're very flat and are fucked if global warming happens on a large scale less fucked than you might think , since extensive protection and management systems are already in place . 
  i think a city like new york would actually be more fucked . 
   * geert wilders is a prick yes , yes he is . 
   * they have funny place names like 's - hertogenbosch which simply translates to `` the duke 's forest '' ( des ( 's ) hertogen - `` of the duke '' ; bosch - `` forest '' ... it 's old-timey dutch )  * `` oh man , in the eighties , we made so many guilders , one time , i have a porsche and a motorbike also ! '', 
  '' ... but i had to get rid of it because the insurance was so impractical ''  * they really do n't like germany we mostly like germany actually . 
  we only dislike them during football games . 
  `` polder '' refers to any land where water level management systems are in place . 
  this means about half the country is technically a `` polder '' . 
  this does n't mean half the country is below sea level , just that the management of the water table is needed to prevent the land from becoming swampy or from compacting and lowering due to lack of water saturation ( inklinken ) . 
  in noord and zuid holland , there are actually many polders that were created by draining a lake . 
  these are called `` droogmakerijen '' . 
  other types of polders are `` veenpolders '' ( water table management in former peat bogs ) and `` rivierpolders '' ( protection of river floodplains ) . 
  when people say `` much of the country is below sea level '' , what they actually mean is that much of the country is below `` normaal amsterdams peil '' ( n.a.p. 
  ) , which is actually the high water mark of the ij inlet before the zuiderzee was closed off . 
  the exact same applies to danish from our point of view . 
  i actually had a conversation about this with a dane while heavily drinking in a pub in prague . 
  we emotionally concluded that we were long-lost brothers . 
  the not many visible stars thing is due to [ light pollution ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qg5zel0.jpg ) , not air pollution . 
   a new republic was founded that encompassed roughly the current benelux area the * republiek der zeven verenigde nederlanden * was considerably smaller though . 
  it encompassed present day netherlands minus noord-brabant and limburg , which remained spanish . 
   this was the age of thinkers like [ ... ] desiderius erasmus desiderius erasmus lived from 1466 to 1536 , well before dutch independence . 
   we also invented the stock exchange . 
  that is up for debate . 
  similar systems already existed as far back as roman times . 
   what it was like for a jewish teenage girl to hide for the nazis in her own home . 
  anne frank and her family hid in an annex at the back of an office that belonged to a friend of otto frank . 
  their actual home was located at merwedeplein ; they lived there until 1942 . 
   by the 1990s [ ... ] [ t ] he economy is booming and life is generally awesome . 
  man , i miss the 90s . 
  of course the top comment references weed . 
  we ca n't have a single discussion about the netherlands without it being brought up . 
  i 'm not sure what i expected . 
  it 's like threads about the usa mentioning fat people , threads about germany mentioning nazis , and threads about japan mentioning weird porn . 
  i guess people who cycle for sport or recreation would have another bike , better suited for their preferred type of cycling ( leisurely , trekking , speed cycling , off-road , etc ) . 
  since most daily bike journeys are quite short ( i think less than 10km ) the people who only cycle to commute usually just have the tough , reliable all-round city bike . 
  because when you use your bike every day in all weather , carry all kinds of stuff around on it , bash it around over speed bumps and on and off sidewalks , and have to park it outside a lot , often shoving it in between other bikes in overcrowded bike racks , what you need is a heavy duty bike that can take a lot of punishment . 
  [ here you go , you deserve it !, 
  ok so i listened a few times , but ... someone help me out here , what is he saying ? 
  what happened to the ijsselmeer ? 
  reminds me of a comic in my country , [ kaasheld en poephoofd ] ( http://torpedomagazine.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/kaasheld-poephoofd19_1-800x492.jpg ) ( * cheese-hero and shithead * ), 
  ok so i 'm mostly s&d , as expected . 
  the euro is not a currency created out of thin air , it is the result of the process of european market integration . 
  before we had the euro , we had already pegged our currencies to the emu . 
  before that , we were already transitioning into a single market economy through the abolition of tariffs . 
  before that , we were already integrating agriculture , steel and coal . 
  so the question is , how far back do you want to go ? 
  for me , the answer is : none . 
  we should move forward . 
  this is the whole point of the greenpeace approach : to cause a stir , get in the headlines . 
  get people to notice the existence of this oil rig , ask questions about it , that sort of thing . 
  normally , the problem with environmental issues , is that they 're underreported . 
  this is greenpeace 's way of getting the companies and/or governments they 're protesting against in the news . 
  so they 're willing to risk being held at gunpoint , threatened , that sort of thing . 
  they can do this because they 're pretty sure they wo n't actually get shot . 
  it 's a taunt , a provocation .
