  but it has long been clear to putin that russia will always be the underdog in this game . 
  now they want to play a different game , and as long as the west still thinks we 're playing the economy game , we set ourselves up to lose . 
  it 's time for our western governments to stop thinking about all the money they 'll be losing in the short term , and start thinking about all the security they 'll be losing in the long term . 
  the baltics seem to be coming along just fine , considering the situation you had to break free from 20 years ago . 
  i wonder if putin thinks you guys are a ` lost cause ' ? 
  i hope so , we do n't want a ukraine 2.0 happening up north . 
  it was a pretty boring week , but we did have nice weather . 
  wait wait ... was n't part of putin 's justification for rejecting maidan that it was being conducted in part by far right nationalists ? 
  or in other words , putin needs to ` protect the crimean russians from ukraine 's right wing ' ? 
  i want to keep it . 
  i like it . 
  i have read your comments in this thread . 
  i 'd prefer you go somewhere else than europe , please . 
  they already do that wherever possible . 
  recently they tried doing it for highways on a larger scale , but since those are still operated in large groups on an automatic timer , it turned out it was more costly to manually switch certain groups off than to have all groups on at night . 
  we need a new , more flexible system , but that 's expensive as hell too . 
  oil wells probably . 
  also explains all the lights in the north sea . 
  well you see , the problem is , the cities and towns are all so close together that the region is basically just one big city . 
  how could they though ? 
  that would be against the law !, 
  helmets are for small children and mentally challenged people . 
  this really is a serious problem though , because it is the problem that gets in the way of solving many other problems . 
  i think we need some sort of anti-corruption task force to really crack down on this . 
  you guys only installed the toilets . 
  guess it depends which socialist parties we 're talking about . 
  there are many of them all over europe . 
  some of these parties could just be `` pro-russian '' parties that were called `` socialist '' back in the days of the warsaw-pact out of necessity . 
   what beats me though is why he did n't invite far-left politicians . 
  because they tend to see russia as the epitome of crony capitalism, 
  i 'd think so . 
  i certainly know a few in my area that are . 
  / u/noctarchy got a boo-boo on his fragile ego due to someone not respecting his * authoritah * , and his mom was n't around to kiss it better , so he overreacted . 
  dear / u/noctarchy , i have a message for you from your mother : she says she loves you very much but she wishes you would close the curtains when you masturbate to your catroon ponies , because the neighbours are starting to gossip . 
  also , use the tissues she provided , because she ca n't afford to keep buying your sister new panties . 
  the first one had style . 
  the second one only had gimmick . 
  having said that , i went in fully expecting it to be shit , so i just switched my brain off and enjoyed it anyway . 
  do n't forget that twice we were * nearly * football world champions . 
  assholes, 
  they are thugs or militia , depending on how organized they are . 
  man , it saddens me that a normal russian dude needs to apologize for being russian , even if it 's jokingly . 
   passive-aggressive war this . 
  this is exactly what it is . 
  i was looking for words to describe what is happening here , and `` passive-aggressive '' fits . 
  foreign food often hitches a ride into the country with the immigrants from that country . 
  we have plenty of italian food , turkish food , indian food , indonesian food , vietnamese food , chinese food , etc. 
  we do n't exactly have a thriving canadian immigrant community in the netherlands though . 
  i 'm curious how you got from `` we do n't have a specific french-canadian comfort dish '' to `` we do n't have any foreign food whatsoever in the netherlands '' ? 
  why would we have poutine here ? 
  poutine is french-canadian . 
  has he signed the agreement yet ? 
  do they have any way of signing the agreement into law without him ? 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  nothing is ever clean and simple . 
  that 's not what i meant at all . 
  i mean that due to the shared past of russia and ukraine , the country 's political structure and economy is still heavily influenced by the kremlin . 
  however due to what came after the soviet union , namely corruption and authoritarianism , the people in ukraine want to distance themselves from russia and ` be more european ' , whatever that means to them . 
  the way i see it , it was never about the eu per s\u00e9 , that was just a symbol , and the trade deal falling through was a catalyst . 
  the main motivation here seems to be freedom from corruption , freedom from authoritarianism , and severing ties with the kremlin once and for all . 
  when the soviet union collapsed , it did n't just `` disappear '' . 
  having been part of the soviet union , ukraine 's economy was still very much tied to russia 's economy . 
  the way the privatization of the state-owned companies was handled led to massive corruption . 
  there now exists a corrupt crony-capitalist-political network spanning the border between russia and ukraine . 
  their power comes from the fact that ukraine 's economy is still so geared towards russia 's . 
  it is these corrupt crony-capitalists who run the show in ukraine . 
  their money comes from the poorly handled privatization . 
  the trade agreement between eu and ukraine that fell through , would have opened up the market forcing the russian corporations into direct competition with eu corporations . 
  it was very important for the russian and ex-soviet ukrainian corporations that this did n't happen . 
  so it was stopped . 
  to many ukrainians , this was a sign that things would never change as long as these people were in charge . 
  the protesters want to break this heavy dependence on russia , and the power of the corrupt few ukrainians who own everything . 
  it 's bad for the every day ukrainian . 
  the ukraine-eu deal was only a symbol of a step in the right direction , but the core motive is to finally have * actual * independence from the ghost of the soviet union . 
   joining the eu would be a symptom of that transformation or at the very least , being allowed to sign a trade agreement with the eu without the kremlin bullying them around and ordering them not to . 
  this uprising is like a war of independence after independence had technically already been achieved . 
  i agree , the eu is very good at what it does : ensuring stability , freedom and a chance of prosperity * within * the eu . 
  it 's specifically designed to softly coerce its members into aligning with each other . 
  to do this , the eu must deliberately avoid putting on any kind of overtly ideological mask . 
  the eu never intended to become a big player in the international arena of clashing ideologies , but increasingly , the world expects it to do just that , and the eu simply is n't properly equipped for it . 
  hey man , the article started it , not me . 
  also , from the article :  but you , dear eu leaders , can at least try for a moment to shed the air of embarrassment that someone has really fallen in love with you and the values you are supposed to stand for . 
  here 's the thing . 
  the eu-ukraine deal that fell through in november was about trade and synchronizing markets . 
  when the kremlin put the pressure on yanukovych which caused the deal to be called off , many ukrainians took this as a sign of their country still being a puppet for russia . 
  to them the whole debacle had a huge symbolic meaning , the straw that broke the camel 's back so to speak , whereas to the eu it was nothing more than a diplomatic setback . 
  while many eu-citizens have come to know and like ukraine over the past decades ( especially after the last european football championships ) , it 's a bit embarrassing that this technocratic tool for market synchronization , the `` advanced diplomacy machine ^ tm '' , is being misrepresented as some sort of `` freedom utopia '' that will make everything better for ukraine . 
  as long as we 're using the `` love '' metaphor like in the article : the eu wanted to hang out with ukraine but ukraine accidentally fell in love with her and put her on a pedestal ( he 's just come out of a bad relationship ) . 
  eu felt embarrassed and not wanting to reject him outright , sort of friendzoned him . 
  it 's just nice to feel wanted every now and then , 
  this is great , but now i feel like i need this translated for the socially impaired . 
  arrogance is kind of our thing . 
  just ask the germans during world cup season . 
  we win this round . 
  forever . 
  it still sounds stupid . 
  it 's not like the uk is swimming ( no pun intended ) in cash . 
  * `` i 've been paying car insurance all these years and now somebody rear-ended me but i guess i 'll pay for a new rear bumper and boot lid out of my own pocket because i do n't want to look as if i need car insurance . 
  i guess i 'll just eat water and bread this month . 
  '' * does the uk government * want * to go broke so they can force spending cuts ?
