  s-senpai noticed us !!, 
  assholes, 
  was n't * wien ne\u00earlands bloed * also appropriated by the nsb in the 1930s ? 
  huh . 
  you guys have a lot of songs about us . 
  cool . 
  ( tl `` for the glory of the eternal motherland '' ), 
  this guy europeans, 
  also robben . 
  i mean , i love le cut inside man , but he does n't belong with `` the greatest '' . 
  if you need to ask who the greatest dutch footballer in history is then you know nothing about football . 
  i can understand how neighbouring countries would feel negatively about that flag after all that happened . 
  japan definitely handled their relationship to their neighbouring countries after the war differently than germany did . 
  the cold war definitely played a role in how these two countries handled the aftermath of the war . 
  it does seem there is still much more unaddressed resentment in present-day east asia than there is in europe . 
  5 minutes by bike :d, 
  normal . 
  i 'm going cycling with a group of friends and to a music festival with the gf . 
  the big holiday is planned for october this year , in greece . 
  make it so . 
  i still call 5 cents a stuiver and 10 cents a dubbeltje , even though it 's in eurocents now . 
  my dad 's english and my mum 's dutch . 
  lived in the uk until i was 7 , then moved to the netherlands . 
  everything is fake . 
  even the fun people are allegedly having . 
  i confess , it is true , you cholera-sufferer !, 
  `` shit whore brothel '' ... ? 
  italy , france , germany . 
  in that order . 
  not entirely . 
  he shares the title with two other members who have been there the same amount of time . 
  also , geert wilders claims to be anti-establishment , despite having been a member of parliament for longer than anyone else :'), 
  this is totally true trough . 
  i do n't own a flag . 
  am i still allowed to dutch ? 
  how could i forget !, 
  the flag goes out on the king 's birthday ( and some more royalist people also put it up on other royals ' birthdays ) . 
  it goes up on liberation day and is flown half-mast on rememberance day . 
  it 's also flown half-mast when the government declares a national day of mourning after a disaster of some sort . 
  finally , it 's customary for high school students who passed their finals to fly the flag and hang their school bag on the mast with the flag . 
  oh , and you often see people bearing the flag during football games of our national team . 
   to question whether nl might have a problem with racism we do . 
  a lot . 
  1.83 m , which is apparently exactly average in nl . 
  although plenty of dudes are much taller than i am so i often feel short . 
  snert is erwtensoep that 's been allowed to rest for a day . 
  when our whole country worked together to make the worst song in the history of music in honour of the coronation of our new king . 
  well , i would prefer to speak entirely through interpretive dance , but i had to settle for morse code out of practicality . 
  completely out of control . 
  between the recent mortgage crisis , cuts in social housing programs , and locally the earthquakes caused by natural gas extraction prompting new building regulations causing investors to get cold feet , the number of new houses built is ridiculously behind the demand . 
  rents are going up by $ 100 a year and property prices are skyrocketing . 
  i 'm in art school . 
  the number of vegans here is above average . 
  i estimate about 5-10 % . 
  for the whole country it 's probably less than 5 % . 
  i 've never ever met a preachy vegan in my life though . 
  that 's something i only ever read about on the internet . 
  oh that 's below the belt !, 
  pick on someone your own size !, 
  i 'm sympathetic to the idea , but since english is currently the common language on the internet and in international communication , i do n't think esperanto can compete . 
  it would be amazing if we could make it work , but in reality , practicality usually wins over high ideals . 
  fuck belgium , our dirty little slut neighbour . 
  marry italy , our high art renaissance bros. 
  kill finland , for consistently one-upping us on quality-of-life lists . 
  just try it !, 
  nobody can drown us !, 
  meh , it 's not a flag worth defending anyway . 
  the historical significance of it being connected to the prince of orange is seriously overrated . 
  firstly because the prince 's hero-status is hyperbolic and slightly ignorant , and secondly because the version with red instead of orange has existed for about the same amount of time . 
  not really . 
  the close ties belgium and luxemburg had with us have since been surplanted with the noticeable benefits of the eu as a whole . 
  i guess there 's still a sort of close connection between the countries , but that 's more to do with the shared history , the partially shared language and the general proximity . 
  i think the dutch flag is fine as it is now . 
  it wo n't though . 
  the flag is tainted . 
  dutch fascists appropriated it in the 1930s and it still turns up in dutch neonazi circles . 
  damn nazis , ruining everything ... 
   i also sort got the eiffel tower achievement , as in i drove past it on the way south at night , and i might have very possible seen it in the distance . 
  amateurs !, 
  when me and my friends went on our first holiday in france , we were approaching paris at the end of the afternoon and deliberately went into the city to go up the eiffel tower !, 
  the girl who had her driver 's license the shortest was the one who happened to be behind the wheel at the time and she was straight up panicking while driving up the champs elys\u00e9es and around the arc de thriomphe !, 
  fun times !, 
  i 'm very curious and i 'd like to see it , but realistically i 'll probably only ever see 2 or 3 us cities in my lifetime . 
  if i ever have the time and money though , i 'd like to take about 3-6 months to just drive around the country and see many different places . 
  the east coast , the midwest , the south , the deserts , the rockies , the west coast . 
  boston , ny , washington , chicago , miami , new orleans , las vegas , los angeles , san francisco . 
  places i 've never heard of , but get recommended to me while i 'm there . 
  shit , i could probably drive around endlessly if i had the time and the money . 
  sigh , one can dream . 
  i think religion leaves us mostly indifferent , although some of us may kick up a fuss about islam from time to time . 
  or someone may post an article about something amazingly backward the dutch reformed church has said or done recently . 
  never been a problem for me though . 
  i like having some cash on me . 
  well is n't that just wonderful . 
  ikea in germany sells tomato plants ? 
  delicious deep fried junk that you buy from [ one of these contraptions ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/64600614@n05/5885121156 ) which are located just about everywhere . 
  no no , you 're thinking of monsanto . 
  montenegro is the basque town that decided to form a worker 's cooperative and is currently the largest and most successful workers cooperative in the world , operating in such diverse fields as electronics , banking , retail and even education !, 
  i went on a train journey through former yugoslavia a couple of years ago . 
  had a stopover in bar .
