  i would n't discount the economic effect this could have so easily . 
  remember that * all * activity is economic activity . 
  imagine the sudden rise in demand for hobby-related materials , or the amount of hand-made kick-knacks that will suddenly need to be sold , or the demand for places to go and engage in your hobby of choice , or the demand for teachers of certain crafts or sports . 
  as long as people are * active * , there will be a chain reaction of economic demand rippling through our society . 
  also , imagine what we can save on healthcare if people are n't stressed out , depressed and unhappy all the time . 
  nothing like some good old fashioned hatred to bring people together . 
  on the other hand , the netherlands and england have been at war four times . 
  when has the netherlands ever at war with turkey ? 
  i have an english identity which is pretty damn important to me . 
  nobody in the netherlands gives a shit though . 
  why ? 
  because i 'm white . 
  oh i do like it here and appreciate life in my country . 
  but i think bih has the potential to be great too . 
  heaps of untapped potential underneath the corruption , petty squabbling , old animosity , and shot up buildings . 
  it breaks my heart to see your country stalled in hostility and corruption like this . 
  i was there last summer and i thought it was a beautiful country with plenty of friendly people and buckets of potential . 
  if only you could get your shit together to work on a better future for all of you . 
  yeah big danas it 's like a mcdonalds for kebab . 
  yeah , we bike in the rain . 
  some people wear rain coats , but mostly we 're just used to it and we got places to go and shit to do so we 'll bike regardless of the weather . 
  yes , it 's ebbingestraat, 
  well they 're not lying about the `` rouge '' , that 's for sure !, 
  alright so now i 'm thinking about characters in asterix & obelix comics, 
  i think the most important thing is to realize that what people like wilders say does n't need to be true or even coherent . 
  he does n't deal in facts , he deals in narratives , feeding discontent into ideology , in order to force a new , self-created `` truth '' that allows him to be the hero . 
  far right parties all over the world create narratives about what they * need * to be `` true '' in order to justify what they are about to do . 
  it 's always a good idea to make use of the indications of the socialists !, 
   avoid trains here like the plague i 'm afraid i ca n't do that . 
  i 'm a huge train nerd . 
  i remember a couple years ago i took the train from zagreb to sarajevo . 
  it was also during a heat wave . 
  the train between zagreb and sarajevo is old and rickety and has no air conditioning . 
  it also has to go super slow along much of the way , due to old and poorly maintained tracks , so opening a window does nothing . 
  of course we had a delay , it was supposed to take 9 hours but it took 12 . 
  but even so , it was one of the most memorable journeys of my life . 
  and while we are certainly on the right track , there is still progress to be made . 
  just this year a lesbian couple was beat up in my town ( groningen ) by a bunch of shithead farmer boys . 
  i was like wtf , i thought my town was chill ? 
  went there last year . 
  also crowded . 
  not sure why you were downvoted . 
  you just described exactly what the canal pride in amsterdam is like . 
  and it also means homosexual , which is a very important component of these festivities . 
  to be fair , bugs are uncommon , but you do get them . 
  not a big deal really , you wash them off along with the mud . 
  right . 
  i buy a cabbage or a lettuce , i need to wash the soil off first , and sometimes snails or caterpillars too . 
  so indeed , i do n't see how it would be suddenly unacceptable with eggs , to have to wash off feathers or dried bird shit . 
  it 's just nature people should n't freak out so much . 
  me and a bunch of friends went camping in the south of france in 2005 . 
  our camping site was next to a lake . 
  one day we decide to rent a little boat and go out on the lake . 
  so we 're out on the lake , when suddenly we hear this loud siren . 
  everyone on the lake scrambles for the shore , so we do the same . 
  then this huge fire fighter plane comes roaring in , opens its hull , swoops down and scoops up a huge amount of water in seconds flat . 
  then pulls up and goes roaring off again . 
  it was pretty epic . 
  lol `` war postponed because soldiers all queueing at the border to be let into the coffeeshop '', 
  well if we 're talking about a hypothetical current day war between netherlands and germany i think we can safely say it will remain 100 % hypothetical . 
  not much , but it 'll do . 
  i may not be able to stop it but i could refuse to fight in it . 
  this flies in the face of the geneva convention !, 
  can you imagine how freaking weird that would be though ? 
  i think the general population in both countries would just laugh awkwardly and be like `` nope , we ai n't doing no war on our neighbours '' . 
  that 's good to hear , i guess . 
  keep fighting the good fight to get the good government you deserve !, 
  we have n't been fighting the good fight enough lately and it 's starting to show :(, 
  is cyclist prime an autobot or a decepticon ? 
  this is what you get when you breed a culture where everything is a commodity you can buy . 
  the ruling parties are absolutely guilty of this , creating a culture where you are basically just a consumer whose sole purpose is to buy products and services . 
  then they 're surprised when people 's votes turn increasingly self-centered and single-issue . 
  it must have based its algorithm on me . 
  prime cyclist . 
  i like that . 
  we should make that a thing . 
  he looks like one of those international playboy types . 
  i do n't think a dude like that would fly here in dutch politics . 
  would you trust a guy like that with our taxes ? 
  i concede that you may indeed be * technically * correct, 
  sorry to hear that . 
  my point is still true though . 
  i think you need to sit down , relax , and realize you still live in the safest continent on earth . 
  the chinese are already notorious for wearing t-shirts with weird and sometimes offiensive english phrases on them just because they think it 's cool . 
  ever seen an 8 year old girl wearing a t-shirt that says `` i suck hard and long like a vacuum cleaner '' ? 
  welcome to china . 
  `` nowadays ? '', 
  lol, 
  jesus christ that 's some shit straight from the 1950s, 
  those things are absolutely true , but even so , i 'd rather have a good government that can tackle this 90 days from now , than an ineffective , cobbled together government next week . 
  or to put it another way , better to have a government solve problems late , than a government solve problems wrong or not at all . 
  from my point of view , we 've been having shit governments with shit policies for almost 20 years now . 
  what 's another 90 days ? 
  what are some important issues that ca n't wait another 90 days ? 
  i 'm not familiar with any left parties that are against any form of immigration control . 
  mainly their concern is that current measures are inhumane or counter-productive . 
   only the dutch could pull this off , because they have the patience to then sit around the table and reach a consensus , even in a fragmented political landscape . 
  and apart from a few grumbling senior citizens and some uneducated folks who do n't know how government works , nobody 's really concerned about this . 
  the state will continue to function and in the meantime people are more concerned about whether there will be a functional new government rather than whether we will get a new government quickly . 
  after which came the cold fisticuffs,
