  we tend to keep older trains around for a * long ass * time so we can slowly watch them deteriorate while they get pushed into the role of backup trains or on rural lines to bumfuck nowhere . 
  a process that can often take up to 20 years . 
  so sad :(, 
  right now , they are only being used as graffiti-canvases . 
  glad to hear it . 
  phew !, 
  haha , yeah it does . 
  well , when i say `` phased out '' , i mean slowly being moved into the role of `` backup stock '' in favour of virm . 
  ( and it wo n't surprise me if ns announces a bid for a new intercity soon ), 
  yeah but i still do n't understand how ` cheap ' should mean you get a train that looks like a platypus got punched in the face . 
  yeah , but notice how they 're mostly on the less busy lines , and on the slightly busier lines they get replaced with virm during peak hours . 
  they 're also being used on sprinter lines that used to be serviced by mat ' 64 , such as zwolle-leeuwarden and zwolle-groningen . 
  seriously , what the fuck were they thinking when they got the design presentation and went `` sure , we 'll take that !, 
  no that line has been replaced by virm as well . 
  only zwolle-leeuwarden gets the occasional icm , on sunday evenings when it 's not so busy . 
  also , the sprinter services zwolle-leeuwarden and zwolle-groningen are being serviced by icms . 
  as for mat '54 ( i 'm not talking about mat ' 64 ) , this was back in the 80s , way before slt , when the icms were being introduced . 
  they 're tasty apples , i hope ? 
  phased out of true intercity service i mean . 
  i mean they 're getting phased out of true intercity service . 
  they 're being used on the lower ridership lines and increasingly put into service as local trains . 
  same thing happened to mat '54 ( hondekop ) back in the day . 
  total of * all * the eu 's trade with russia is about 7 % of total eu trade worldwide . 
  nope . 
  still not panicking . 
  nice try though , rt. 
  i 'm pretty sure the whole of europe simply has slight variations of [ these . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/bin.jpg ), 
  fabulous !, 
  well , they 're still around , so it 's not wrong , but more and more they 're being used on the lower priority lines or as local trains . 
  no , no , do n't be sorry !, 
  i like these !, 
   also , for the netherlands , the one you posted is being phased out . 
  these are the current intercity trains : [ virm ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/virm6.jpg ), 
  we 're furious ? 
  when ? 
  what did i miss ? 
  what would also be interesting is a breakdown per country of the percentage of the total agricultural exports that are destined for russia . 
  total value of dutch agriculture sector : $ 79 bln ( 2013 ) total value of fruits , veggies and flowers exported to russia : $ 1.5 bln that 's less than the growth between 2012-2013 ( up from $ 75 bln ) . 
   they are replacing these pieces of crap we have had since the 70 's i kinda like those pieces of crap . 
  :( i also miss the old `` ding-dong '' sound for the doors closing . 
  the high-pitched `` beep '' just does n't do it for me . 
  russia relevant !, 
  ha ha !, 
  now no-one can into ignorink us !, 
  most pompous : hungary most interesting : georgia most resembling a post office : iceland, 
  kinda fitting , really :(, 
  there was an item on my local news channel yesterday that said dutch potato farmers are worried their harvest might be too good this year , causing an over-abundance in the market and lowering the price to a ridiculous 1 cent per kilo . 
  it is n't even worth it for them to harvest any more . 
   they start out with the toilet and then they discover the internet so , they start with a toilet and finish with a toilet . 
  so uh ... there 's fiber all up in the countryside but no electricity ? 
  yeah , but on the other hand , while speeds are good , [ this other map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j5fbtxs.png ) from today says that penetration is pretty poor . 
  romania ? 
  colour me surprised !, 
  well done romania !, 
  you guys should get this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-level_power_supply, 
  technically , since the netherlands was at war with spain , through the iberian union they were automatically at war with portugal as well . 
  furthermore , though it is true that the dutch did indeed capture some portuguese ports , and some of the rudimentary portuguese maps , the infrastructure , navigation techniques , colony management and the later , more detailed maps were developed by the dutch themselves . 
  also , once the dutch colonial effort got underway , the dutch and the portuguese , were * both * expanding their empires and * both * competing for the * same * new trading posts . 
  so i retain my position that though indeed , the portuguese started earlier with the spice trade business , the dutch really did n't ` steal ' that much , became a serious competitor within a short amount of time , and basically just competed portugal out of its monopoly ( primarily by being cheaper and more reliable , thanks to innovative the way the voc operated ) . 
  well , the groundwork in the sense of finding your way to an impossibly far away place , setting up a trading post and bringing back spices and gold was a great idea indeed . 
  no argument there . 
  it had been done before , but never to such impossibly far away places . 
  but when some other country comes along and is more successful at it , i find it annoyingly whiny to claim theft . 
  that 's the part i took issue with . 
  as for the japan part , i was referring to [ dejima . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dejima ), 
  i do n't know if you 've been to amsterdam lately , but the canal belt is literally teeming with tourists ooh-ing and aah-ing at all the decorative renaissance gables . 
   niderlandy i like the sound of that !, 
  please use this !, 
  help us spread the proper name for our country !, 
  this phenomenon goes both ways !, 
  dude is acting like the dutch stole their entire empire . 
  literally the only ( albeit very impressive ) thing the portuguese did as groundwork was find the way around africa to reach east asia . 
  after the dutch ` stole ' that knowledge ( i use quotation marks because what they did was piece it together out of sailors ' accounts ) , the rest was just 17th-century-style international business competition . 
  in the end , the dutch had faster ships , a more pragmatic approach to dealing and trading with locals ( which is why portuguese got kicked out of japan while the dutch were allowed to stay ) , and most importantly , a much better system for raising capital , i.e. 
  the voc . 
  you talk about the truth , but i think you do n't have any clue as to what the voc actually was . 
  yes , the portuguese had merchant ships , knew the way to east asia and had trading posts there , but they never had anything like the voc . 
  which is what the original commenter was talking about . 
  you sound a bit whiny . 
  also , your assertions are quite hyperbolic . 
  do n't be so bitter . 
  the voc was actually the first such company of its kind , and the first true multinational corporation . 
  i think you may be confused : while the monopoly on trade with east asia was indeed ` stolen , ' as you put it , from the portuguese by the dutch , the method by which to do it was a dutch invention . 
  late 1590s to early 1670s , after which the brits took over as the main european superpower . 
   as i look at the pictures this could well be amsterdam or rotterdam . 
  i disagree . 
  any abandoned factory in amsterdam or rotterdam is immediately colonized by artists and hipsters , or redeveloped into trendy urban lofts . 
  places like these pictures , if they were in amsterdam or rotterdam , would be fixed up and buzzing with creativity and activity in no time at all . 
  however , i do agree that the article is a bit unfair . 
  the photographer focused solely on the run-down and derelict parts of town , while i know for instance that charleroi has a charming city centre . 
  can the rest of europe please just legalize it already ? 
  i 'm sick and tired of our country being an amusement park for stoned off their ass college kids with 420-blaze-it t-shirts and overpriced novelty bongs . 
  the netherlands has been a globalized country since long before your country even existed as such . 
  it 's fine that you 're stuck in your stone age tribalist mindset , you 're an eu citizen , thus you are entitled to free speech , but you can kindly fuck off , trying to project your backward and outdated worldview onto my - a civilized - country . 
  as a dutch guy , i could n't care less what colour guy is representing my country . 
  he 's doing his job at representing quite well , what 's the problem ? 
  then conscription is slavery too . 
   we 're not racist , [ ... ] i 'm half pakistani ...
