  not very . 
  regular tobacco shops sell vape equipment but i have n't personally seen a vape store yet , although i 'm sure a few exist . 
  you see people vaping from time to time , but not a lot . 
  i think it 's considered a bit neckbeardy here . 
  germany . 
  much . 
  choice . 
  that 's not de amersfoortse . 
  hence `` even apeldoorn bellen '' i think their commercials are by far the most recognizable on dutch tv . 
  i hardly ever see it any more . 
  you used to see it more often . 
  i think you should look up what they sell in dutch `` coffeeshops '' , 
  between 1815 and 1830 the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg were united as the `` kingdom of the netherlands '' . 
  belgium fought and won independence in 1830 and luxembourg soon followed . 
  after that , there have been some who would wish to unite the dutch-speaking part of belgium ( flanders ) with the netherlands , to form the `` greater netherlands '' . 
  outside of right-wing nationalist circles , though , it does n't seem this idea has any significant support . 
  it does n't matter anyway , since even before the eu , the three countries were already in close cultural , political and economic cooperation within the benelux entity . 
  i think it 's the people 's popular front of frisia, 
  well there 's the frisian nationalist party which i believe consists of three grumpy old blokes in a pub . 
  only to the untrained eye , 
  in my city most houses have a central heating unit fueled by natural gas , although more and more households are switching to electric ( so the fuel used is whatever the power plants are using - we 're unfortunately not on track to meet sustainability goals yet ) . 
  other systems that are implemented in some locations are ground sourced heating and recycled industrial heat . 
  a shitload of them all along the dunes of the north sea coast , most of them as part of the atlantikwal , and elsewhere too , both dutch and german built . 
   that 's what regulations and laws are for luckily for the ceos and shareholders , the accumulation of capital has put them into the comfortable position where they need n't worry much about pesky regulations and laws . 
  there 's plenty of ways to water them down or circumvent them altogether if you have the money to throw around . 
   not full blown communism i think we should try it some time . 
  preferably of the fully automated luxury gay space variety, 
  i love how these rebuttals are always full of crocodile tears for all those poor mom and pop stores , while avoiding the very real , very true and very big problem of predatory capital . 
  you support capitalism in its current form ? 
  do n't fucking pretend to be a friend of good ol' shopkeeper bill . 
  you 're supporting the system that will eventually lead to him losing his shop to the big players who do fuck all but accumulate more and more capital at the expense of everyone else . 
  in the netherlands it 's about 50/50 i think . 
  i 've seen houses with bedroom door locks , but as many without locks as well . 
  my current house does n't have bedroom door locks . 
  such a heartwarming story , but let 's not fucking pretend most of your aforementioned boats these days are bought through hard work . 
  they are inherited , gifted , sold off and then leased back through shell companies , and hidden away in the cayman islands . 
  i 'm not going to make a fuss about the principle of it , but it does have a tendency to turn into an exploitative situation . 
  i would help if income from property were taxed in a way more in line with how income from labour is taxed . 
  huh . 
  they just had a `` poar neemn '' edition of mama appelsap on 3fm and now i read your username . 
  i personally grew up with breakfast cereals ( muesli , cornflakes , fruit 'n fibre , weetabix ) , but i remember classmates who had bread for breakfast were told to have a `` healthy '' slice of bread first ( with ham or cheese ) before their parents allowed them to have an `` unhealthy '' one ( with hagelslag ) . 
  i guess everyone knows it 's not so healthy , but the general consensus is that in moderation it 's okay . 
  it is . 
  `` mijlenver '' , translates to `` miles far '' . 
  just speak dutch to them very loudly with a german accent . 
  they 'll pretend to understand . 
  i think we 're heading in the same direction , but slower . 
  20 years ago you 'd see people in late night talk shows smoking and drinking beer on tv , the whole parliament was full of old white men smoking cigars and pipes , people smoked in bars and restaurants and trains and back when i first started working at a record store people would ask to listen to a record they were thinking of buying , and then stand there smoking at the listening booth . 
  people would just light one up while visiting someone else 's house unless explicitly asked not to . 
  looking back it 's crazy how prevalent and completely normal smoking was . 
  now , smoking has been restricted to a few designated areas . 
  you ca n't smoke in bars and restaurants any more . 
  some places might have a `` smoking room '' . 
  no smoking in trains and platforms at train stations will have a designated `` smoking zone '' away from the rest of the platform . 
  the legal age to buy cigarettes is strictly enforced and fines for selling to a minor are very high . 
  so there has been a long , slow process of denormalization of smoking , and it 's still ongoing . 
  sounds like you want to move to a boring , small to medium sized town in the randstad . 
  `` now the monkey comes out of the sleeve '' - now the true motive is revealed `` to have the cheese eaten off your bread '' - someone runs off with what you rightfully deserve `` to come home from a cold carnival '' - to be disappointed `` to find the dog in the pot '' - to arrive late when there is no more food left `` to smile like a farmer with a toothache '' - to smile insincerely `` to sell turnips for lemons '' - to make a worthless deal `` it costs an apple and an egg '' - it 's super cheap, 
  same in dutch, 
  right . 
  now imagine every single city and/or tourist destination in europe being overrun by these types . 
  that 's what it 's like over here . 
  my parents have an allotment where they grow fruits and veggies . 
  maybe some herbs in their actual garden but mostly flowers and bushes and a small pond . 
  yeah but it was like a seperate series from jiskefet right ? 
  anyway , `` goeiesmorgens '' and `` zaagmans '' have pretty much entered our collective vocabulary now . 
  they 're not super common in my country but they do exist . 
  and really , how much remote wilderness do you really need to entertain a bunch of kids for a few weeks ? 
  it 's very common . 
  more of my friends who are in a relationship are unmarried . 
  that 's just a normal thing here . 
  or maybe debiteuren/crediteuren . 
  or jiskefet . 
  among other things , if you know what i mean ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  maybe his mom gives him advice in private ? 
  `` now mark , make sure you comb your hair and brush your teeth before you go see that nice merkel lady ! '', 
  i prefer to read books from uk/usa in english , and books from other countries in dutch . 
  the reason being that i have a firm enough grasp of english language and culture to understand it perfectly , and find english to be a slightly better literary language than dutch . 
  for dutch books , i read them in dutch obviously . 
  and for books in other languages , i read the dutch translations , which are usually of good enough quality to capture the essence of the story and be enjoyable . 
  for instance , the dutch publisher of haruki murakami 's books does an excellent job at translating that melancholy , nostalgic mood of his stories . 
  bosnia and hercegovina . 
  nothing really works there but somehow it does work . 
  it 's like the whole country is stuck together with duct tape and wd40, 
  which countries on the continent have you been to ? 
  i ca n't think of any country where they only have uht . 
  children of immigrants usually speak way better dutch than their parents . 
  if necessary , there are dutch lessons available but they pick up the language so quick they basically become fluent when they hit adulthood . 
  this leads to some problems , where kids have to translate letters from school to their parents . 
  you can imagine some kids taking advantage of this and keeping their parents in the dark about dropping grades or whatnot . 
  it has been known to happen on occasion , unfortunately . 
  you 're right of course . 
  us dutchies definitely play a large role in perpetuating this difference in expectations for western and non-western immigrants . 
  one is white and the other is brown . 
  / s but seriously , they 're in a different socio-economic bracket and as such have different levels of privilege , one such privilege being how much they 're expected to adapt to the host country . 
  when they 're immigrants from the middle east or north africa we give them shit for it , but when they 're `` expats '' from the usa or uk we think they 're cool and international and happily oblige them . 
  way too popular . 
  i mean , i do n't mind the odd summer pop song now and then but why do they always have to play those tunes to death ? 
  music schools and sports clubs ( and other exteacurricular clubs ) often get some subsidies , and the people who join pay membership fees . 
  for kids from poor families , the municipality will provide an extracurricular budget so they can join too .
