  maybe some small-scale organic agriculture that city dwellers pay premium for at organic markets or something . 
  i know for one thing the yuppies here in amsterdam are willing to pay through the nose for authentic , organic , traditional olives and wine and stuff . 
  or maybe some sort of retirement community or cooperative living group or something . 
  there 's plenty of money still in europe , the problem is getting it to be used where it can actually do some good . 
  looks like it 's probably austria, 
  yes !!!, 
  it 's [ lauroux ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lauroux ) all the way [ down in the south of france ] ( https://maps.google.com/?ll=43.777725,3.289389&amp;spn=0.001143,0.002476&amp;t=h&amp;z=19&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=43.777724,3.288876&amp;panoid=9kskkwjqniasfi0o2gvo0a&amp;cbp=12,343.51,,0,-3.17 ) pretty different from most other parts of france i 've seen . 
  very `` mediterranean , '' which is probably why croatia , malta and spain were guessed . 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  you are indeed wrong, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  let 's try a different approach : http://i.imgur.com/gy20xu8.jpg, 
  italy ? 
  well , i may have made a broad , sweeping statement here , but the song was not * universally recognized * as terrible . 
  i 'd say the part of the population that liked the song probably coincided with the marco borsato/paul de leeuw-demographic . 
  so mostly hairdressers , beauticians and cashiers in their mid-20s to 50s . 
  stephen fry does an excellent churchill impression !, 
  yeah , one of the horribly painful things about the dutch music scene is that we * do * have plenty of talent , but they are completely ignored by the mainstream media and have to move to a different country to be appreciated . 
  ** the story of the king 's song ** us dutchies are usually pretty calm people , we tend to work out our differences through negotiation and avoid things like passionate displays of malcontent . 
  one of our favourite expressions is `` act normal , that 's already silly enough , '' which really says a lot about our people 's mentality . 
  but every now and then , we suddenly lose our shit and get extremely worked up over nothing . 
  this happened a few weeks ago ... for the coronation of the new king , the celebrations comittee thought it 'd be a good idea to commission a song , to be written by a group of famous singers and songwriters , and to be sung simultaneously by the dutch people all around the country via big-screen broadband links , during the coronation celebrations . 
  to inspire the songwriting , the dutch people were invited to send in lyrics and phrases about their relationship with the king and the country . 
  the song was to be composed and written by a songwriter who had previously written commercially successful songs for a few famous dutch singers . 
  this irked some people in the netherlands and here 's why : for the longest time , dutch popular music has been dominated by cheesy , clich\u00e9d music , which is hugely popular with some , but reviled by the more intellectual crowd . 
  basically , the higher educated dutch feel like they have been completely abandoned by the media and entertainment industry , who seem to be * only * about making some quick cash off the uncultured masses . 
  now of course , normally this would be absolutely fine . 
  showbusiness is a business and that 's how things work . 
  sometimes you 'll hear a couple intellectuals grumble about a new song devoid of any artistic merit being released and becoming a hit , but nobody really cares . 
  that is , until the `` king 's song '' this song was supposed to be a gift from * all * the dutch people for the new king . 
  and it was horrible . 
  it had a cheesy melody , which was stolen from a ten year old christian song , and the lyrics were cobbled together in a painfully broken way . 
  it was as if the writers had kidnapped a bunch of 5th grader sentences and forced them to rhyme with eachother at gunpoint . 
  it was bad . 
  on top of all that , seeing as it was supposed to represent * all * the people , the writers thought it would be necessary to shoehorn in a rap in the middle of the song . 
  i guess because rap is `` modern '' and appeals to a crowd of younger immigrants ' kids or something . 
  the result was a cheesy , grating , incoherently rambling grammatical disaster of a song with a cacophony of bombastic instruments and musical styles . 
  the educated part of dutch society was up in arms : `` you can not release a piece of shit like this and present it to the king , as a gift from * all * the people ; '' `` you * have * to do better than this , this is our king we 're talking about ; '' `` this song does * not * represent us ; '' etc etc. 
  meanwhile , the less educated part of the population , who were the usual demographic for these songwriters , did n't understand what all the fuss was about ; they liked the song . 
  the music critics , writers , and journalists ripped the song to shreds , and a petition was even held , pleading to not make this song the `` official king 's song . '', 
  this escalated into a twitter frenzy and some people jumped on the bandwagon and started insulting the composer and the singers . 
  after two days of harsh criticism , the composer snapped , and announced that he would `` withdraw '' the song . 
  a few days of confusion followed . 
  the circle of famous singers around the composer closed ranks around him , started circlejerking and complaining about those `` horrible '' intellectuals , and assured him and the dutch people that they stood by him all the way . 
  the people who had been criticizing the song and insulting the composer , were now themselves a target of insults and hate . 
  a debate erupted about where to draw the line in the language used in public discourse about controversial topics . 
  but , meanwhile , there was a bigger question to be answered : could the composer actually single-handedly `` withdraw '' the song ? 
  it was worked on by 52 people in total , after all . 
  what about them ? 
  and if not this song , which song should we use then ? 
  many artists , both famous and unknown , half-jokingly released ` alternatives ' to the king 's song . 
  it was all the news seemed to talk about that weekend . 
  eventually , the frenzy subsided , and the national celebration committee issued a statement saying something like : `` look , we made a mistake . 
  our commission for this song was too vague and the artists we picked may have not been up to the task , but there you have it . 
  this is it , this is the song we 're going to do . 
  like it or not . '', 
  basically , the outcome was a confirmation of the status quo : when there is some `` national art '' to be made , the tight-knit circlejerk of mediocre ` hilversum ' celebrities will be the ones to make it , and they wo n't have it any other way . 
  so the song went ahead , and people stopped complaining , and we , as a people , reaffirmed some things that we kind of already knew about our society : 1 . 
  the celebrities and the less educated crowd are in joint control of the public discourse ; the intellectuals take a back seat . 
  there is an open mistrust of , and disdain for intellectuals , who are seen as `` miserable know-it-alls '' 2 . 
  our country is tiny , and though we 're normally pretty calm and level-headed , when emotions take over , shit can hit the fan completely and we learn how truly tiny our country is . 
  us dutchies really , * really * , re-he-heally suck at appreciating good music , and revel in clich\u00e9d , mediocre shit , being churned out by the same little circle of mediocre hacks over and over again . 
  if this is the kind of shit we get worked up about , we really do n't have it so bad in this country . 
  edit - [ the king 's song ( youtube ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meukykb4g6k ), 
  it was , but i do n't dwell on it . 
  the pros of having the euro far outweigh the cons . 
  i caught myself doing it regularly for a year or so after the switch , and sporadically for about 4 years . 
  some old people kept on doing it for way longer . 
  i even heard an old lady calculate back into guilders as recently as last year . 
  it was kinda cool . 
  i guess i miss our old currency a little because those had great design , but on the whole i was pretty indifferent . 
  though the first time i went abroad and did n't have to change money and could immediately compare prices , i thought it was really cool . 
  this is a very handy feature of the common currency . 
  - redistribution of wealth ( already happens a little , but nowhere near enough and people in richer countries currently get really butthurt about it ) - unified economic policy ( this will initially hurt weaker economies but the first point should even that out ) - easier to keep multinational companies accountable - unified foreign policy means huge increase in international political influence ( i wonder what israel has to say about this ; the majority of european countries recognize palestine ) but i see some pitfalls too : - language barriers will become more problematic - decrease in power on the national level in favour of more power on the european level will make democratic principles harder to maintain - internal migration will further increase pressure on the `` blue banana , '' threatening quality of life - pressure from the more `` conservative '' countries may threaten civil liberties in the more `` progressive '' countries , or vice versa so all in all , i 'm not sure if it 's a good idea . 
  they were already voting along with vvd and cda before they came into the coalition . 
  they only use left-wing rhetoric during election campaigns . 
  anyone who follows their actual parliamental voting record ( also in the times they are n't in a coalition ) knows they are actually not left-wing at all , not even center-left . 
  they are actually slightly center-right , wrapped in social democrat rhetoric . 
  they are frauds . 
  i do n't consider pvda a leftist party , and have n't for about 20 years now . 
  it 's a neoliberal party with some social-democratic rhetoric , but rhetoric is all it is . 
  pvda is not a `` left '' party . 
  everybody dislikes the pvv in the same way everybody dislikes treading in dog shit . 
  hardly a `` hard political stance '', 
  well paint me green and call me a pickle !, 
  looks like you 're right !, 
  the radio538 banners would suggest a koninginnedag . 
  i guess so . 
  royal families do n't really have much room to choose what kind of work they can do . 
  any involvement in a commercial enterprise would make them vulnerable to favoritism , and too much involvement in controversial ngos or other organizations would make it hard to maintain their image of a unifying , neutral symbol . 
  so many jobs are ruled out . 
  what remains is a set of innocuous functions that nobody can really object against . 
  actually , the family members who are not directly in line for the throne get a regular job . 
  the ones who are closer to the throne tend to study politics , economics , law , science , stuff like that , and then become a spokesperson for national interests or international ngos for a while . 
  the new king , for instance , served in the navy , then went on to be a un spokesperson for international water management , and a member of the ioc . 
  they attend official opening ceremonies and stuff like that , the government makes the king sign bills into law , the royal entourage goes abroad to promote diplomatic and trade relations , they have an extensive and long-lasting network that is of great use to the dutch government , act as a marketing figure-head that promotes the country , act as a unifying and stabilizing function during times of political instability or national tragedy , create a sense of continuity , and give the dutch people a good excuse , once a year , to [ party as if we are one ] ( http://www.nederpoker.com/assets/images/fotos/nieuws/museumplein.jpg ) . 
  [ we 've been doing this for years ] ( http://www.kaasuitholland.com/sambalkaas ),
