  i mean ... 
  if you need to travel around the world and talk to 394894 monks to feel complete , you have unrealistic expectations about life - and marriage !, 
  so of course , a woman who makes such an immature , stupid choice will never be happy in her first , or second marriage , because she has unrealistic expectations about being an adult . 
  she will never ever really settle down , at least not emotionally , her heart will always be somewhere else . 
  i hate matte lipsticks but overall i love your look . 
  i 'd just wear a more moisturizing lipstick to enhance the beauty of your lips . 
  if you 're a fat and ugly woman you can easily have sex , but you will definitely not have sex with the top 10 % men . 
  super aroused . 
  i love it when men groan during sex , too . 
  agreed !, 
  they think marriage should be a super exciting , breath-taking experience instead of a challenging journey that is all about trust and commitment . 
  also , usually these women spend all their lives dreaming about their weddings but never about their marriages - they want the party , the social evidence , the bridesmaids but are they really worried about being a wife ? 
  are they ready for it ? 
  any woman who has a little more mature view of life has hated that book . 
  i hate it , i also hate bridget jones and most women 's books because they always portray the unrealistic `` let 's travel and meet men and buy shoes '' women instead of a down-to-earth woman . 
   so correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think you 're saying that ( in your opinion ) most women ( who buy into the happily ever after story portrayed in most women 's books/magazines/movies ) have an immature view of life . 
  yes , because life is not a fairy tale . 
  and `` eat , pray , love '' , `` sex and the city '' , `` bridget jones '' and all this bullshit are 21st century fairy tales . 
  actually , you 're wrong about why christian louboutin shoes ' soles are red . 
  from cbs :, 
   the red-sole treatment was born more out of accident than design . 
  one afternoon , a prototype louboutin was working on just did n't `` pop . '', 
  an assistant was painting her nails at the time . 
   `` so i grabbed her nail polish and painted the sole and it becomes this red sole , which became my trademark years after , '' he said . 
  `` red means love , passion , blood . '', 
  op , i think your idea is very good , but you 're forgetting about one very toxic type of girl - the bad girl who , right after she realizes you 're the nice guy after you had sex with her , she 'll use this characteristic of you to try to manipulate you and even emotionally abuse you . 
  so i do n't think your strategy actually weeds out all crazy and manipulative women . 
   chadly frat boys will sometimes engage in a `` buffalo hunt '', 
  yes , you 're right . 
  but why exactly do they do this ? 
  i never understood it !, 
  honestly i am a little more picky when it comes to this . 
  for example , a huge downbreaker for me is being overweight . 
  you can be bald , or even a little awkward looking , you can dress not very well , but if you 're overweight/fat no matter how amazing your personality is , i will not be attracted to you . 
  i mean , a guy does n't need to have a six pack for me to be attracted to him , but i do n't want a beer belly or chubby cheeks either . 
   if she does , chances are she would put up with a great amount of your bullshit . 
  i 've gotten away with some ridiculous shit . 
  hmm ... 
  interesting . 
  but does the fact that she puts up with a great amount of bullshit make you lose the respect you had for her ? 
   i do lose respect for her because she puts up with my bullshit . 
  but at the same time i respect her for being able to deal with it if that makes sense . 
  so in the end the fact that she puts up with your bullshit is a good thing or not for you ? 
  does that make her look less ltr material for you ? 
  women nowadays are becoming annoying social bullshit warriors . 
   sex actually gets boring . 
  outside of her period , it is rare for us to go for more than two days without sex . 
  but sleeping with the same girl for five years can not help but become routine . 
  does n't she try to spice up things in bed ? 
  ahhh you 're cute . 
  beautiful eyes . 
  love your coat in the 3rd pic . 
  keep doing whatever you 're doing . 
  and 8/10 in the androgynous scale . 
  i do n't know what you want , but if you want to look more feminine you need :, 
  - a new haircut, 
  - skin treatment, 
  - more shape for your eyebrows, 
  - makeup, 
  - fashion, 
  you are a great canvas , you just need some color for a beautiful painting - i know , my sentence is horrid , but what i mean is , your hair color is beautiful , you have a cute smile and beautiful eyes !, 
  the potential is there . 
  i can see you looking like a smokin hot uma thurman if you give it a try . 
  if you lost weight , you 'd look hot , because you have a handsome face , and a apparently a nice attitude . 
  you 're pretty much dateable imo . 
  i like your haircut . 
  you 're cute . 
  boy , you have a cute face , but you need braces for that tooth gap . 
  the black and white pics of your baby washing the dog in the bathtub brought tears to my eyes . 
  i do n't know , i think i 'm overly emotional lately ... beautiful pics btw . 
  you mean ugly people . 
  we are together in this . 
  hold my hand . 
  it 's gon na be alright . 
  agreed . 
  just silly . 
  hmmm ... really ? 
  oh red was a very expensive color ? 
  sure !, 
  that 's why it was worn by the riches during the 18th century . 
  that does not mean louboutin made his soles red for this reason !, 
  have you even read the article ? 
  it 's about lowborn himself talking about how the red soles were created . 
  if you do n't believe me , go read it in his website :, 
  ** so you 're gon na say christian louboutin himself lied about the origin of the red soles ? 
  are you insane ? 
  dude go read a little bit before spreading bullshit all over the internet ... do n't be so conceited !!!, 
  ** take a look at your own lack of knowledge , mon ch\u00c9ri . 
  you know you gave the wrong explanation . 
  do n't embarrass yourself more than you already did . 
  been on a detox , all-juice diet all day long and then i bump into these pics . 
  damn . 
  well if you do n't want people to ask you about your underwear , do n't post about your underwear . 
  it is that simple . 
  agreed . 
  but why would a girl say `` single , who wants to chill ? '', 
  why did n't she just say `` who wants to chill ? '' . 
  by emphasizing that she 's single it gives off the impression she wants a date . 
  if it really is her father he is sick in the head and this is not funny at all . 
  some guys nowadays think real life is the porn movie they watch 24/7 in their basements .
