  yes !, 
  mission : accomplished . 
   you should stress more that you want a serious relationship , okcupid does a really poor job of making it clear . 
  i will . 
  thanks , 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  thank you , 
  thanks a lot . 
  glad it looks better now , 
  but guess what ? 
  3 american guys have messaged me so far - and no brazilian guys have messaged me . 
  what 's wrong ? 
   ca n't really control who sends you a message . 
  damn . 
  i thought redditors were here for that . 
  hey , thank you very much for your insightful feedback , but i 'd like to ask something ... 
   guys not realizing that you 're probably going to be confusing for them . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  why am i confusing ? 
  beijing is more polluted than rio so ... a worse zombie apocalypse scenario would be during the 2008 olympic games . 
  female physician here . 
  i have been harassed both by patients and colleagues . 
  also , i 'd say i hear irrelevant or inappropriate comments about me or my outfit or my looks basically every week . 
  but i have to be honest here and say that my male colleagues are sometimes harassed by patients as well , especially by women . 
  james mcavoy is himself a lady boner . 
  my biggest lady boner , in fact . 
  i 'd do almost anything in bed with this man . 
  damn . 
   i think you 're very lovely , and a good dresser . 
  the bikini picture shows that you definitely have it going on in the body department . 
  so i 'm sure the lack of success with men has nothing to do with your looks . 
  thank you very much !, 
  honestly i think i 'm not that fit , but thanks once again !, 
   the men you 've talked to or dated who lost interest , are you on good enough terms with any of them to ask them why they lost interest ? 
  do your friends have any theories ? 
  it could just be that you 've had lousy luck with men , and your luck could change tomorrow . 
  i am in good terms with two of them , but would n't i seem desperate to ask them what 's wrong with me ? 
  i admit i have high standards , but not in terms of looks or money , but in terms of values and personality . 
  i care a lot about a man 's sense of humor and personality . 
  and yes , i do think i may have a shitty personality . 
  i 'm a little shy and i do n't want to seem `` easy '' , that 's why i do n't approach men . 
  yeah and i have a little social anxiety so the whole idea of approaching men makes me panic . 
   or maybe you 're just oblivious to all the guys who are interested in you . 
  perhaps , but i do n't think so . 
  guys who work with me , for example , do n't even greet me . 
  they could n't care less . 
  2-3 weeks after they start dating me . 
  intimidated ? 
  hmmm i do n't think so . 
  i think i 'm a 6 . 
  i 'm not intimidating . 
   but do you put out ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  thank you , you 're kind ... 
  i 'm not stunning . 
  lol . 
  thank you !, 
  no , i do n't have high standards when it comes to looks . 
  i have never approached a guy before . 
  i do n't even know how to do it and i hate the idea of doing it because i have a little bit of social anxiety . 
  no , men are not very interested in me . 
  trust me . 
   unless you are around men who suddenly go blind , it must be either your personality or you are just missing every signal they are throwing you . 
  most men are pretty damn simple so i ca n't imagine they are sending complicated ones your way . 
  i am clueless about getting the signals men throw , so this could be true . 
  but i definitely ca n't believe i 'm intimidating . 
  i 'm not a super model or anything . 
  i honestly think i 'm a 6 , and 7 with make up on . 
  i think i may look unapproachable/bitchy but i do n't know how to change that . 
  any tips ? 
  i have social anxiety . 
  smiling is already a big deal for me . 
  now approaching a man ... 
  impossible . 
  never done that . 
   if you are religious remember that god is in control always . 
  if he wanted it to happen it would . 
  not judging you , but giving a logical argument . 
  god gave you free will , so even if god wanted it to happen , your actions prevented it from happening . 
  thank you very much for your feedback !, 
  hard work ? 
  thank you very much for your feedback . 
  i am trying to be more confident about myself , but it 's not an easy job . 
   i 'm 35 and one thing i 've just noticed of the millennial generation when it comes to guys is they 're all a bunch of idiots . 
  they 'd rather ignore beautiful women for some reason and when they 're all alone they ca n't figure it out . 
  so it might not be you at all . 
  do n't forget this entire generation of guys was raised on computers and a good portion of them simply do n't know how to talk to a real life woman even if they are with one . 
  i totally agree with you about it . 
  guys nowadays are very immature and know nothing about the game of seduction , they are clueless when compared to our fathers and grandfathers , for example . 
  i am brazilian and in brazil guys are more worried about drinking and playing video games instead of being nice to women . 
  i 'm intimidating ? 
  why ? 
  i definitely do not think i 'm a 9 . 
  a 9 would be margot robbie , for example . 
  but thank you for your feedback . 
  honestly , i just tried to reveal to a guy i know that i was interested in him and he blatantly rejected me . 
  yes . 
  i must be an unbearable person to talk to , as well . 
  it flies . 
  end thread .
