  you 're good-looking , i 'd say 7,5 . 
  but the way you pucker your lips in every pic is pathetic and makes you look absurdly silly and immediately turns you into a 5,0 . 
  stop doing this if you do n't wan na look like a dumb bombshell . 
  your style is trashy . 
  you try to show 80 % of your boobs in almost every outfit and that 's just unflattering . 
  also , the nose rings are ridic . 
  it would have made a much better joke . 
   as evidenced by the fact that christians make life miserable for themselves ( and everyone else ) on earth, 
  as a christian , i must say your statement is one of the most absurd things i have ever read . 
  also a misconception about christians , and prejudice . 
  agreed, 
  that 's exactly what satan wants you to believe in . 
  who are you to say what god likes or does n't like ? 
  ignore the anti-christians in this thread . 
  they wo n't give decent arguments . 
  you must be really stupid to say such a thing . 
  the joke is pathetic . 
  you 're not missing anything if you did n't get it . 
  you think the pope is the most accurate person to say what god likes or does n't like ? 
  my butt is exactly like this and a guy i used to date once said i needed to lose weight because big butts look disgusting . 
  people can be really stupid . 
  this can be absurdly harmful to both nose and lungs . 
  i would never cheat on you/10, 
  this made my day and warmed my heart . 
  thanks , op, 
  your story is all kinds of mess and can only lead to more mess . 
  you do n't know if he 's committed or not . 
  you do n't even know if he 's straight or not !, 
  moreover , even if he was unattached and straight , if you started hitting on him you could very well be fired . 
  i would n't go ahead in this situation if i were you . 
  i do n't think he turned psycho . 
  i think you severely pissed him off , and i totally understand his behavior . 
  if you ca n't handle this whole stripclub situation - if you knew you could never handle it very well - why did you agree to go there anyway ? 
  why did you * suggest * it on the first place ? 
  i 'd never ever go to a stripclub with my boyfriend , but if i ever did it , i would go and enjoy it . 
  if you wan na show you 're super modern and open-minded and not jealous , do not be jealous . 
  and do not try to force the guy to do things he does n't want to do . 
  you acted in a very immature way at the club , and crying was the worst part of it . 
  honestly , and sorry for the tough love here but i do n't sugarcoat my advice : you 're the one who screwed up . 
  and yes , you 're very immature for walking away after one issue , because you 're the one who created this whole situation , not him . 
  the only thing you can do right now is wait until everything calms down and apologize to him , but honestly i 've been in your shoes and there 's a very high chance that your boyfriend lost a great amount of respect he had for you , and it will take a long time until he sees you in a good light again . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  7,5 you 're very attractive , i do n't know if you want to look older or younger but you definitely look older than 19 . 
  if you wan na look younger you have to change your style a bit , and use less makeup . 
  also i 'd give up wearing those glasses . 
  your face is pretty and should not be hidden behind them . 
  if you wan na look older just keep doing whatever you 're doing , but even so i 'd stop wearing those glasses . 
  also , i hate nose rings . 
  i think glasses look great on you . 
  i do think , though , you need a new hairstyle . 
  no bangs anymore , please . 
  i suppose you have wavy hair and like to straighten it ? 
  if so , i think you should just accept your waves or perhaps have another treatment for your hair because straightening it everytime can make it look absurdly dry and weak . 
  you have beautiful eyes and a great skin so you got ta enhance and show your positive traits more !, 
  give your brows more shape , wear mascara , a light pink lipstick and a peach blush and they 'll give life to your face . 
  i can totally see you becoming super cute , you just have to work for it . 
  this haircut looks better . 
  just try looking at the camera next time . 
  i 'd send them to her anyway , with a kind note such as `` for your hay fever . 
  feel better . '', 
  and that 's it . 
  sending them does not mean you want her back , it just means you 're polite and considerate . 
  dating a coworker = mess and you know it . 
  but anyway ... 
  you have to face the consequences of whatever choice you make . 
  if you stay with him , you 'll displease your parents and risk losing your job . 
  damn , you 've been working there for only six weeks and you 're already doing what 's forbidden - dating a co worker !, 
  so if you really wan na pursue this you have to be responsible for the consequences of your acts . 
  if you break up with him , you 'll probably miss being with him since he 's so nice and everything . 
  i ca n't definitely tell you what you should do , all i know is what i would do ( i would never date a coworker ) , it 's all up to you and these situations are never easy ... 
  so he 's living abroad ? 
  well . . 
  i know some people can make ldr work , i 'm not one of them . 
  i 'd break up if i were you . 
  but since i 'm not you , you 'll have to give ldr a try . 
  if you 're well controlled with medication i 'd only bring up the topic when the relationship is well-stablished and very serious . 
  otherwise , i would n't talk about it until there 's real connection and trust between you and your partner . 
  tough love here , okay ? 
  i do n't sugarcoat my advice . 
  damn , this situation is all kinds of mess . 
  do n't become the fwb of your ex , please . 
  and about this :, 
   `` no , you ca n't hurt me because i have no expectations of you . 
  i know what you are and i expect you to fuck up . 
  i 'm not getting involved emotionally so do what you want . '', 
  she 's lying . 
  she 's expecting you to beg for her forgiveness , and she 's also expecting you to regret really really badly everything you did and beg her to become your girlfriend again . 
   she then told me we can be fwb and hang out , but there 's no way we were getting back together, 
  she wants to hurt you back . 
  since you hurt her now she wants you to be hurt and suffer . 
  she knows you suffer from the `` neighbour 's grass is always greener '' syndrome and she knows you always want what you ca n't have . 
  that 's why she 's playing with your feelings now , since you played with hers first . 
  i would simply walk away , you 'll hurt each other by agreeing with this mess . 
  just a second , i did n't understand it very well . 
  and sorry for the tough love but i do n't sugarcoat my advice . 
  did this all happen 3 years ago or you were talking to him until recently ? 
  because if you were still talking to him , i do n't know , i 'd rather believe you 're just super naive because you googled his name and you found out he was married with children , and yet you decided to keep talking to him ? 
  c'mon , it 's not like you did n't have evidence before . 
  you simply decided not to look at the evidence . 
  this whole situation is your own fault .
