  gone girl, 
  james franco , iker casillas ( spain nt former goalkeeper ) , fernando torres and rafael nadal have been super nice to me . 
  you 're such a human !!, 
  relationship advice , especially . 
  though there are amazing people who give great pieces of advice here , there are trolls as well . 
  it was a bunch of rude boys and obnoxious girls whose only goal , apparently , was to bully me and make my life miserable . 
  yes , that 's what bullied teenagers think of high school . 
  it felt like going to jail everyday . 
  i got ta take a pic of this . 
  it did , indeed . 
  he was the sweetest when i met him . 
  he seems to be very shy , down-to-earth and low profile . 
  and he smells amazing . 
  honestly , in my school i was the only girl who was bullied . 
  i was everybody 's target . 
  never forget the classic `` have you tried online dating ? '', 
  more good visual for you - his skin looks super silky !!!!, 
  i went to a book signing event in nyc, 
  yeah , and usually that one comes through pms . 
  * cringes *, 
  that 's amazing . 
  it 's very important when doctors do n't treat children like morons . 
  is your son a teenager or still a child ? 
  race walking . 
  not exactly the saddest day of my entire life ( that one was when my grandpa died ) , but this one comes close . 
  when i was 14 , i was on a banana boat at the beach . 
  at this moment when we fell into the water a girl accidentally kicked my head , and i immediately lost hearing in my left ear . 
  2 days later , i went to the doctor and after undergoing many exams he told me there was no way to hear with my left ear again . 
  and then he told my mother `` there 's no exit for her . 
  if you want her to be healed , try some holy water '' . 
  not only the fact of losing hearing in my left ear made me miserable , but his rudeness only made my day worse . 
  i remember sobbing in the middle of the street in a way i never did again . 
  i have never head of such a thing . 
  any articles about it ? 
  illuminati puppet here . 
  i have made 20 straight men become gay today . 
  my quota was 24 . 
  i am busted . 
  well this article talks about popular belief . 
  i do n't think there 's scientific evidence on such a thing . 
  yes , but at least you can shove your medal in people 's faces . 
  saying that i was n't catholic enough just because i support lgbt rights . 
  i am a christian who supports lgbt rights . 
  that 's hard enough for some people to understand . 
  * saving for future reference *, 
  i swear i read `` gold shower of reddit '' at first . 
  brie cheese all the way . 
  brie cheese all the way . 
  - charity . 
  go help people in an open-hearted , genuine way . 
  - write a journal for one year and read it one year later . 
  - go to venice and walk along its streets by night . 
  it 's beautiful and dreamy . 
  - talk to someone you have n't talked to for years and see what happens . 
  - ask forgiveness from anyone you 've hurt or offended . 
  not as dirty as a gold shower . 
  thank you for the imaginary gold . 
  i appreciate it . 
  see op , that 's how i got my first imaginary gold . 
  i bought a mocha latte at starbucks , a parfum and a piece of red velvet cake . 
  parfum will make me smell better and all that food will make me look chubbier . 
  i am busted . 
  yes . 
  i have romantic dates with ben and jerry . 
  wow this is very scary !, 
  how and when did this exactly happen ? 
  were you sleeping or about to sleep ? 
  women are competitive and not that friendly to each other , when compared to men . 
  men seem to be more protective of other men , women tend to be more competitive and see other women as rivals . 
  do n't regret telling it . 
  honestly , as someone who believes in the occult , i believe you had a paranormal experience . 
  but even if it was n't an occult experience , it is still a very interesting story . 
  have you watched the documentary `` the nightmare '' ? 
  it 's on netflix and it 's by far the scariest thing i have watched in my entire life . 
  it 's about sleep paralysis but some people there have very weird and scary stories about what happened to them while they were sleeping . 
  there were the chinese , muslim , jewish , ethiopan calendars back them , each one with their particular systems . 
  but talking about the western world , rome had a calendar counted ab urbe condita , which means years were counted from the moment of foundation of the city . 
  this calendar was created in 753 bc and only stopped being used in ad 525 when the anno domini calendar was introduced . 
  an observation - official records of the roman empire , before the anno domini calendar was introduced , dated from the accession the current emperor , and started again with each new emperor . 
  my mother is basically a genius when it comes to parallel parking , just saying . 
  really ? 
  i 'm so glad to hear that !, 
  seriously , as someone who is seen by some as a `` difficult person '' , this made my day . 
  thanks . 
  data there is very optimistic . 
  in my life , 90 % of my perceived friendships are non-reciprocal . 
  i like how the article emphasizes one of the teeth had a filling . 
  apparently that was like a 100 dollar bill for the tooth fairy . 
  never forget that they always have a fresh manicure . 
  could n't have said it better . 
  i think women are now unwilling to have children because they are, 
  1 . pursuing their careers ;, 
  2 . more sexually promiscuous and involved in casual relationships ;, 
  3 . more worried about their physical appearance than they used to be decades ago - this fitness obsession sometimes makes a woman refrain from having kids because she does n't want to `` ruin her body '' . 
  honestly , there is no way to make women want to reproduce and marry anymore . 
  feminism accomplished its mission to destroy the traditional values . 
  i do n't have many posts in ppd , but i am definitely calm and i can de-escalate situations . 
  i do n't see anything nsfw there . 
  the word `` love '' is mentioned in the worst ways nowadays . 
  it 's definitely overused to express feelings that are definitely not love .
