send me a pm if you want to talk !, 
  hey , how are you ? 
  so you 're a writer ? 
  very interesting !, 
  what is it all about ? 
  thank you for your feedback . 
  his attitude simply discouraged me to join any of his projects again . 
  i do n't want to work for someone who hates you when you make one simple mistake and forgets all the good things you have done to the department . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  but the thing is ... i have always cc 'd my boss on everything . 
  but since he asked me to email my colleague and said `` let him decide if the pictures are good or not '' , and since he was traveling abroad , and since i am not a 14-year-old teenager i thought i could behave like an adult and send the pictures to my colleague , just like he asked me to . 
  i guess you understand that my boss was a little bit unfair , right ? 
  i honestly think he was overreacting . 
  this was an exceptional situation and because of one email he says i have terrible communication skills . 
  it is a toxic environment indeed . 
  it 's driving me crazy . 
  one of the reasons why i want to quit everything is because i am mentally ill nowadays . 
  only have sex with him if you feel 100 % comfortable with this idea . 
  if you 're not 100 % comfortable , do n't do it . 
  you 'll definitely regret it later . 
   i had a crazy micro-managing boss that wanted to be cc 'd on every single email i sent , wanted to attend every meeting i called , etc. 
  and i was a director with a ton of experience , not some newbie . 
  i quit after 6 months and moved on . 
  i totally feel you !!!, 
  these bosses must be narcissistic as hell to have this urge to undermine powerful people . 
  i feel like quitting everything , definitely . 
  i suppose you 're right , perhaps he 's not a bit angry at me , but he likes control . 
  he likes feeling superior and pointing at people 's mistakes . 
  it 's very tiring . 
  this scene makes also a good parallel with what emma did when trying to save hook in the underworld . 
  remember when she was trying to get ambrosia and had to put her heart on the balance , and hook was set on fire ? 
  she decided to save hook instead of saving her heart , and that 's how the door to the ambrosia garden was open . 
  that scene really showed how a bad person ( rumple ) would act in contrast with what a good person ( emma ) would do . 
  i prefer the first part . 
  the second part is laughable . 
  girl here . 
  i 've read your post and think you guys basically live for each other . 
  that 's why i think living together is not always a good idea - seeing your partner everyday , living with her , eating with her , doing everything with her can sometimes be hella boring . 
  i think you guys spend way too much time together . 
  you need to have separate lives , you need your space . 
  you need to give yourselves the chance to miss each other . 
  this travel will probably do wonders to your relationship . 
  you got ta miss each other for a bit to reignite the flame . 
   she 's married . 
  i 'm in the middle of pretty deep dry spell ( 3 years ) . 
  we have n't seen each other in person for basically the whole 8 years and contact is slowing down . 
  but she texts me saying she 'll be in my town on a business trip so we should hang out . 
  excited to catch up , i agree . 
  that 's your mistake . 
  you know you 'll screw up and yet you put yourself in risky situations . 
  do n't do that again . 
  do n't have sex with a married woman either . 
  you do n't want this kind of mess and karma in your life . 
  you deserve better . 
  plot twist : i 'm your sister . 
  i have this coworker who suffers from add and his behavior is a little immature as well . 
  i do n't think add patients are inherently immature but their difficulty to complete simple tasks , follow schedules and have proper interactions with people make them seem immature . 
  your boyfriend seems to be very very odd , and he would get on my nerves as well . 
  unfortunately i think it 's part of his psychiatric background . 
  i do n't think you 're overreacting , you need to go . 
  but next time just do n't go living with someone until you 're 100 % sure that person is mentally stable and/or compatible with you . 
  imo your boyfriend is a complete asshole . 
  one thing is when a guy is planning to marry a girl and is worried about her spendings , another thing is what this guy is doing to you . 
  he 's not only criticizing the way you spend your own money ( it 's ** your money ** , you do whatever you want to do with it !, 
  ) , he is micromanaging your life . 
  he seems absurdly controlling and if you ever get married to him it will be a very sad marriage . 
  dump him . 
  i think it 's completely normal to be pissed off if people out there are seeing your girlfriend naked , but this part here :, 
   i just refuse the idea that some creep guy can watch her beautiful body naked ( without being seen ) every morning she takes a shower , just because he lives in front of her ... 
  dude , relax !!!, 
  it 's all in your imagination . 
  you do n't even know if this is the reality . 
  i will dump any guy who prioritizes gadgets over his own life . 
  no , you 're not overreacting . 
  your guests are terrible guests . 
  you just do n't go to someone 's house and throw their things away or eat their food without asking . 
  that 's basic etiquette and they do n't seem to have it . 
  you know the relationship is going downhill if you need a phone app to make things `` work '' . 
  sorry for giving you tough love , but i do n't sugar-coat my advice . 
  i think your relationship is doomed . 
  seriously , you 've broken each other 's trust ( to me this is enough reason to break up with my partner ) and you just ca n't seem to make things right again . 
  this is not a healthy relationship , i mean - relationships , especially romantic ones , are supposed to be light and pleasant , not this stressful routine where you need snapchat and access to phone records and iphone apps to find where the other one is . 
  i think you seriously have insecurity and trust issues . 
  it 's not because she 's naked in front of her window that she 'll have sex with every guy who sees her . 
   i found a letter he wrote to express his feelings months ago saying he was sorry for being so mean to her , and he wonders what it would be like if they met when they were older . 
  how he enjoyed every moment with her , how he hopes she 's doing well etc. . . 
  tough love and no sugar coating here :, 
  this is enough reason to make me break up with a guy . 
  it 's obvious that he 's not over her . 
  do n't waste your time with him . 
  you want a man who loves you and wants to be with you and you only , not with some girl he left in italy . 
  trash can is your best friend sometimes , you know . 
  learn how to detach yourself from your things and your past . 
  if you know she wo n't cheat on you , so why does the fact that a guy may see your gf naked bother you ? 
  this is jealousy . 
  and it 's not that kind of cute jealousy , this is controlling paranoia . 
   i 'm a type of tech freak , i guess you could say . 
  massive gamer . 
  my girl realized how much of a freak i am and decided to get more involved in gaming . 
  i loved it and encouraged it every step of the way .
