  and women are the ones who do this the most . 
  they say they love the guy 2 weeks after meeting him , and when the guy does n't say `` i love you `` back they freak out because he 's sensible and knows the right time to say these things . 
  honestly , i think unconditional love does n't exist between a man and a woman . 
  only a parent can have unconditional love for his/her child . 
  there is no other kind of unconditional love besides the love a human being has for his child . 
  i do n't think men or women can love unconditionally one another . 
  once again , i think unconditional love is something very very serious and extreme and it only exists between a parent and a child . 
  i do n't doubt that when men say they love a woman , they are much more sure of their feelings than when women say they love a man . 
  however , i do n't believe that romantic love ( which means , the love between a man and a woman ) can be unconditional . 
  i do n't know what your concept of `` unconditional '' is , but to me , `` unconditional '' means you will love that person no matter what she/he does or says . 
  and to be honest , a man can definitely and truly love a woman ( and i know many men who truly love women ) , but he will stop loving that woman if she makes a critical mistake - no matter what mistake it is , but there will always be something that will make a man stop loving a woman or a woman stop loving a man . 
  that 's why i do n't believe in unconditional romantic love . 
  i am not saying romantic love is not real , yes , there can be true love between a man and a woman , but it 's definitely not unconditional . 
  that as well . 
  but i think women themselves do n't want to have a family anymore . 
  humankind is falling apart . 
  fighting with her will only give her arguments against you and make you look crazy and irrational . 
  if you trust your man , you know he wo n't fall for her tactics . 
  do n't make yourself look insecure . 
  if he 's being polite but short with her , you 're safe . 
  but minimize your contact with her . 
   it 's tragic though things are getting ugly you 're correct . 
  as a woman who wants to get married and have children , i feel very sad about what humankind has become . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/purplepilldebate/comments/4ykrd4/comment/d6onf5y?st=1z141z3&amp;sh=0b0050f6, 
   my philosophical proclivities , inclinations : my cynicism . 
  my resentment . 
  it started as purely an intellectual preoccupation until i realized the social observations were things that dissatisfied , led me to dissolution . 
   very simply put , millennial cultures ( in disagreement with our cultural trajectory ) something that evokes a sense of ire , loathing in me . 
  same here ... 
  same here ... 
  it 's very sad and ironic to see that humankind has evolved enormously both scientifically and technologically but has reached zero improvement when it comes to moral and ethics . 
  we are becoming vandals , barbarians , iconoclasts again . 
  and it 's very scary to see how many men are ` feminists ' nowadays . 
  i can personally say that because whenever i say i 'm a conservative woman most men look at me in disgust or sometimes they say i 'm a bigot or a fascist . 
  it 's how men are becoming feminist , emasculated manginas nowadays . 
  and women , on the other hand , are losing all the grace , sensitivity and kindness that was associated - fairly associated - to females . 
  they are becoming angry , irrational , ugly creatures , trying to destroy everything that is sacred and beautiful - and leftist men are just following them . 
  i honestly think we were making our way to a more decent civilization a few centuries ago ... 
  yeah , they were definitely better than today . 
  i am very scared . 
  wow . 
  too hot to handle . 
  i guess my university and that poster 's university are definitely not alike . 
  damn , that 's sick . 
  so she 'd better sue everybody at the beach for walking in swimsuits under daylight . 
  you know ... sometimes when a cycle ends , people do n't want to keep friends with their old friends because they 're too lazy to make that friendship last . 
  it 's sad , i know , and i used to be just like you , op , i was always the one who initiated conversations and tried to meet up with people when they just did n't care . 
  there 's nothing wrong with you , op ... 
  it 's just that some people do n't give a damn about friendships the way we do . 
  they wo n't move a finger to keep a friendship alive , no matter who their friends are . 
  never change , but learn how to let go of people who do n't value or appreciate your kindness . 
  agreed . 
  he should set healthy boundaries with her . 
  i think he 's a little hesistant to do it because the woman is his sister 's friend . 
  but yes , he should do it . 
  this is so pathetic . 
  same thing if we reversed roles . 
  am i the only one who finds these labels very offputting ? 
  i like the handwriting on my coffee cup . 
   in environments where men pursue her relentlessly , like a bar and online dating even more so , the men will seem more disposable , regardless of their objective status . 
  there is some overlap - the more exposure she has to men , the higher her standards overall . 
  agreed , but i do n't think this is exclusive of women . 
  men do that too . 
  most men will treat women they meet at bars as merely ons material , no matter how classy or high value they seem to be . 
   try a high end matchmaking service . 
  do you know any online service like that ? 
  oh and btw i am brazilian , i honestly do n't know any service like that here in brazil . 
  i honestly did n't get the point of your cmv , op . 
  people i trust will not give me honest advice because they usually say wonderful things about me and i do n't know if they 're exactly being that honest . 
   put out the call to all of your friends that you need set up on a date . 
  that you are n't picky , you just need to go out with a man . 
  in all honesty 90 % of my friends right now are gay men or women who are already married with children who could n't care less about my single life . 
   you are a catch , you just need to have some confidence in that fact . 
  you know , i honestly sometimes am doubtful about the whole `` you got ta believe in yourself - you are what you believe , etc etc '' i know plenty of people who have zero confidence about themselves and who are in extremely happy relationships . 
  i know that what you 're saying perfectly makes sense , and i kind of believe in it as well , and i agree i should be more confident about myself , but i honestly think men do n't see me as a good catch , for many reasons . 
  all my colleagues are married or in a ltr . 
  i 'm not even lying . 
   brazil is more traditional, 
  brazil is definitely not traditional . 
  maybe that 's why i do n't seem to find a ltr . 
  people here are more worried about having ons than anything . 
  this is by far the comment that makes most sense to me . 
  i actually have posted my pics before and i got good ratings . 
  i am sure i am attractive , well at least that 's what people say and what my coworkers say . 
  disappointment . 
  he has the world in his hands , but at the same time he ca n't join it . 
  yet those traits do n't make you attractive to a man . 
  i am not asking you if you care or not , i honestly am not asking how confident or self assured or happy about yourself you are either . 
  i am just saying in my post that i do n't think men are intimidated by successful women because honestly they could n't care less if they 're successful or not , and sometimes successful women can be unattractive because they 're too bitchy or opinionated . 
  i think a woman who has empathy is considered more ltr material than a woman who has n't . 
  it 's not that empathy makes a woman sexy or anything . 
  i could be wrong , but this is what i think men think . 
   that said , i think the reason such women tend to fail at dating is that they are under the delusion that their work acomplishments will raise their dating value , allowing them to go for likewise successful men . 
  when in fact it 's mostly neutral , and as such they 're pricing themselves out of the market . 
  i definitely do not think like that . 
  honestly i always aimed high professionally speaking because my family was poor when i was a child , my father could n't give a damn about making us prosper , i 'm an only child and i have to make sure i will have a comfortable life . 
  it was not about making men attracted to me . 
  success does n't make a woman more attractive to a man 's eyes and i know it . 
   if you 're 29 and never had a bf , you 're probably aiming too high . 
  i 'm not aiming too high - thing is , men are not even approaching me !,
