  i do n't know what to do . 
  also , i do n't think it 's normal when a boss wants you to copy him on every email you send . 
  i was thinking of joining a phd program and have him as my tutor , but i am almost giving up the idea . 
  i just want now to finish all the papers i have started writing , submit them to publication and move on . 
  what do you think i should do ? 
  ** tl ; dr ** : my boss basically got furious because i did n't copy him on an email . 
  now he hates me and does n't want to properly talk to me . 
  he micromanages everything and harshly criticizes everyone . 
  i was thinking of joining a phd program and have him as my tutor , but i am almost giving up the idea . 
  what do you think i should do ? 
  i am a medical doctor and i am a in specialization program in a certain university department . 
  besides seeing and operating patients i have also joined some clinical trials and scientific projects as a co-author and collaborator . 
  these past few weeks we have been documenting a case of patient with a very rare condition and , though i am not the first author [ 32m ] of the case report ( i am the first co-author ) , my boss told me to take pics of the patient 's condition because the first author is abroad in his phd program . 
  i took the pictures and my boss did n't like the quality of the images because `` they looked too pixelated '' so he asked me to take pictures of the patient again ( mind you : all the other co-authors thought the pics were just fine ) . 
  i had to call the patient , who lives very far away and is very reluctant to come to our university campus , to come and let me take more pictures . 
  once again , my boss was not satisfied , and i told him that perhaps the pictures were bad because of the device we used to take the pictures , which was very old . 
  he told me i should used a newer device recently brought to the university and send the pictures to my colleague , the first author - i called the patient once again , took other pictures and send them to my colleague to review them , just like boss asked me to . 
  problem is - i sent the pics to my colleague on last friday , but he decided to go on a 3-day-long cruise trip to the bahamas and did n't see any of the pics i had sent and did n't say anything to my boss either . 
  since he 's the first author and the most responsible person for this project , i did n't say anything . 
  3 days later ( on monday ) , my boss sends me an email : `` your communication skills are terrible . 
  what happened to pictures anyway ? 
  why have n't i seen them yet ??? '', 
  i answered him right away , saying : `` i am very sorry that you could n't see the pictures . 
  the apparent delay was because i took the pictures on friday morning , sent the pictures to ( my colleague 's name ) on friday afternoon but he has n't reviewed them yet . '', 
  and then he said something like this : `` it was not an apparent delay . 
  it was real . 
  you should have learned from your colleague how to be efficient . '', 
  and then i said : `` i am sorry once again , i sent him the pictures because since you were traveling ( yes , my boss was traveling as well ) and i did n't want to disturb you . 
  this wo n't happen again and from now on i will copy all my emails concerning this subject to you , sir . '' . 
  he did n't say anything else , and i asked my colleague to tell him that i had sent the pics on friday . 
  my colleague sent him a text telling him this , and even sent me the screen captions of his messages to prove me he was trying to help me . 
  my boss texted my colleague back , saying `` thank you for your message . 
  she has to learn . '', 
  i was shocked because i was called out for something that was n't even my mistake . 
  it is n't my fault that my colleague decided to go to the bahamas instead of doing what he was supposed to do . 
  apparently my boss does n't understand this . 
  my colleague , who is the son of a very famous doctor in my country , was never called out for traveling for fun instead of doing his work . 
  in a nutshell : my boss freaked out because i did n't copy him on a email when he had asked himself not to email him . 
  i have always struggled to do my best at work . 
  i know sometimes i can procrastinate to write articles but when it comes to emailing things and respecting deadlines i am never late . 
  he has always complimented my work and said he wanted me to succeed because i am competent . 
  for this reason , i thought he would shake this off and move on . 
  today , he came back from his trip and i thought everything would be okay . 
  my mistake . 
  he was basically micromanaging me and picking on me , trying to criticize everything i said or did , asking me questions i did n't know how to answer and smiling sarcastically everytime i made a mistake . 
  then when i asked him if i could talk to him about other paper i 'm writing , he said `` please email the co-author first . 
  calm down and do that . '', 
  he used to be very welcoming when i wanted to talk to him in person about these things , now he 's basically despising me and avoiding me . 
  i honestly do n't know what to do . 
  he is a very difficult person , he not only micromanages people , but criticizes them so harshly that he 's almost a bully . 
  today he criticized one of the heads of the department right to her face , in front of her patients , saying that the way she treats patients is `` way too controversial '' and that she should think about the patients ' well being first . 
  mind you - this woman is one of the best and smartest doctors there , and she 's the head of one of the divisions of my department , and yet he had the nerve to criticize her work in front of her patients , which i find shocking . 
  i do n't know why he 's treating me that way . 
  i also do n't want to sound like i 'm victimizing myself or trying to rationalize everything but sometimes i wonder if this is a gender thing . 
  because i have noticed that he does n't treat the male doctors as poorly as he does to the female doctors . 
  also , he tends to respect those who have rich and famous doctors in their families , i do n't have any rich or famous doctor in my family . 
  i come from a middle-class home and i am the first doctor among my relatives . 
  i do n't know what to do . 
  also , i do n't think it 's normal when a boss wants you to copy him on every email you send . 
  i was thinking of joining a phd program and have him as my tutor , but i am almost giving up the idea . 
  i just want now to finish all the papers i have started writing , submit them to publication and move on . 
  what do you think i should do ? 
  tl ; dr : my boss basically got furious because i did n't copy him on an email . 
  now he hates me and does n't want to properly talk to me . 
  he micromanages everything and harshly criticizes everyone . 
  i was thinking of joining a phd program and have him as my tutor , but i am almost giving up the idea . 
  what do you think i should do ? 
  i think season 5 has some serious flaws , here it goes :, 
  when rumple goes to nyc to destroy the crystal , he uses magic to disappear from storybrooke . 
  yet emma and regina decide to drive to nyc to find him . 
  why ? 
  could n't they simply use magic as well ? 
  i do n't understand this whole `` lem me destroy magic '' thing henry was trying to do . 
  yes , i understand the character 's motives , i just do n't understand why it was relevant to the development of the story . 
  henry destroyed magic but it was soon re-created in nyc . 
  so what 's the point of making him destroy magic anyway ? 
  was it to introduce dragon to the plot ? 
  the last scene of season 5 ends with the evil queen trying to crush his heart . 
  perhaps she was not about to crush it , but she was holding the heart to force dragon to do something her ? 
  perhaps dragon will play a major role in season 6 ? 
  i hope so , because i think hyde is laughable as a villain and the jekyll and hyde is too weak to become season 6 's plot . 
  with dragon and a little bit of asian touch this story would become much more interesting . 
  what do you think ? 
  a teacher tells his students at their first day of the medicine course , during the anatomy class :, 
  `` the first thing one has to do to become a good doctor is to be a good observant . 
  the second one is to never , ever feel disgusted by anything . '', 
  after this observation , the teacher leads the students to the autopsy room , where there is a corpse on a table . 
  `` let 's do our first test . 
  everybody must do exactly what i 'll do . 
  did i make myself clear ? '', 
  that being said , the teacher sticks his finger in the corpse 's butthole , licking it soon after . 
  the students are disgusted by the scene but follow the teacher 's instructions . 
  each of them sticks their fingers in the corpse 's butthole and then lick their fingers . 
  after all of them have done it , the teacher tells his students :, 
  `` i want to congratulate you on not feeling disgusted by anything . 
  that 's essential to become a good doctor . 
  however , you need to improve your observation skills . 
  i stuck one finger in the butthole and licked another one . '', 
  the ringmaster of a small circus decides to challenge the audience :, 
  `` we 'll pay 30 million dollars to whoever completes these 3 impossible tasks : make our elephant jump , sit down and talk ! '',
