  it 's not like i have 9384509805 men at my feet and i 'm being picky . 
  being opinionated can get what you want in life , but not everytime . 
  but being opinionated does n't get you anything when it comes to men . 
  men hate opinionated women , no matter if you like to hear this awful truth or not . 
   i only care about pleasing people i actually like or have something to offer me . 
  is n't this a very opportunistic way to approach life ? 
  how are you going to attract new people to your life if you 're only going to be nice to people who have something to offer you ? 
   why bother trying to please men who are always paranoid because of what their fathers went through ? 
  do n't you think you have a very toxic view of men ? 
  you sound very aggressive imo . 
  i do n't think i can argue with you . 
  we have opposite ways to view life and this will only generate unnecessary arguments . 
   perhaps your work schedule hinders you from much socialising . 
  i can agree with you on that . 
  i work from 8am to 6pm everyday . 
  also , i work on saturdays till 2pm and on sundays till noon and my friends are all married and i do n't know anybody with whom i could go out and meet someone . 
  ehhh ok then . 
  good luck !, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  thanks . 
  i would like to have 2 sons and a daughter . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/okcupid/comments/35bvm3/all_my_received_okc_messages_over_the_past_week/, 
  yes i have and basically 90 % of the men who messaged me only wanted casual sex, 
  the other 10 % did n't seem to be that interested in me or was too immature for me to keep talking to . 
  even my male coworkers say i 'm pretty . 
  they could be lying , but i do n't know for what reason , since they 're married . 
  hello , everybody !, 
  i 'm a 29 year-old woman looking for someone to talk to online . 
  i 'm very interested in science and medicine , history ( especially the middle ages and the 19th century , some steampunk as well ) , literature , mythology , cinema ( i 'm a cinephile ) , music ( i 'm into almost all kinds of music , especially world music ) . 
  my hobbies are cooking ( # 1 hobby , baking is my passion ) , reading , writing , just going out and seeing life on the streets , dancing , traveling ( more of a passion , not a hobby ) . 
  i love talking about art , philosophy , politics ( i am open-minded and can deal with different points of view ) , religion , societies , and basically anything that 's going on in the world right now . 
  i 'm a very analytical person in a way that i 'm always thinking about how society is behaving nowadays , what could be changed and what could be done right now . 
  also , i have a great sense of humor , and i 'm definitely a fan of sarcasm and some witty , dark jokes . 
  now if you think we could make good penpals , feel free to message me !, 
  i 'd love to reply . 
  hello , everybody !, 
  i 'm a 29 year-old woman looking for someone to talk to online . 
  i 'm very interested in science and medicine , history ( especially the middle ages and the 19th century , some steampunk as well ) , literature , mythology , cinema ( i 'm a cinephile ) , music ( i 'm into almost all kinds of music , especially world music ) . 
  my hobbies are cooking ( # 1 hobby , baking is my passion ) , reading , writing , just going out and seeing life on the streets , dancing , traveling ( more of a passion , not a hobby ) . 
  i love talking about art , philosophy , politics ( i am open-minded and can deal with different points of view ) , religion , societies , and basically anything that 's going on in the world right now . 
  i 'm a very analytical person in a way that i 'm always thinking about how society is behaving nowadays , what could be changed and what could be done right now . 
  also , i have a great sense of humor , and i 'm definitely a fan of sarcasm and some witty , dark jokes . 
  now if you think we could make good penpals , feel free to message me !, 
  i 'd love to reply . 
  hello , everybody !, 
  i 'm a 29 year-old woman looking for someone to talk to online . 
  i 'm very interested in science and medicine , history ( especially the middle ages and the 19th century , some steampunk as well ) , literature , mythology , cinema ( i 'm a cinephile ) , music ( i 'm into almost all kinds of music , especially world music ) . 
  my hobbies are cooking ( # 1 hobby , baking is my passion ) , reading , writing , just going out and seeing life on the streets , dancing , traveling ( more of a passion , not a hobby ) . 
  i love talking about art , philosophy , politics ( i am open-minded and can deal with different points of view ) , religion , societies , and basically anything that 's going on in the world right now . 
  i 'm a very analytical person in a way that i 'm always thinking about how society is behaving nowadays , what could be changed and what could be done right now . 
  also , i have a great sense of humor , and i 'm definitely a fan of sarcasm and some witty , dark jokes . 
  now if you think we could make good penpals , feel free to message me !, 
  i 'd love to reply . 
  i am a medical doctor and i am a in specialization program in a certain university department . 
  besides seeing and operating patients i have also joined some clinical trials and scientific projects as a co-author and collaborator . 
  these past few weeks we have been documenting a case of patient with a very rare condition and , though i am not the first author [ 32m ] of the case report ( i am the first co-author ) , my boss told me to take pics of the patient 's condition because the first author is abroad in his phd program . 
  i took the pictures and my boss did n't like the quality of the images because `` they looked too pixelated '' so he asked me to take pictures of the patient again ( mind you : all the other co-authors thought the pics were just fine ) . 
  i had to call the patient , who lives very far away and is very reluctant to come to our university campus , to come and let me take more pictures . 
  once again , my boss was not satisfied , and i told him that perhaps the pictures were bad because of the device we used to take the pictures , which was very old . 
  he told me i should used a newer device recently brought to the university and send the pictures to my colleague , the first author - i called the patient once again , took other pictures and send them to my colleague to review them , just like boss asked me to . 
  problem is - i sent the pics to my colleague on last friday , but he decided to go on a 3-day-long cruise trip to the bahamas and did n't see any of the pics i had sent and did n't say anything to my boss either . 
  since he 's the first author and the most responsible person for this project , i did n't say anything . 
  3 days later ( on monday ) , my boss sends me an email : `` your communication skills are terrible . 
  what happened to pictures anyway ? 
  why have n't i seen them yet ??? '', 
  i answered him right away , saying : `` i am very sorry that you could n't see the pictures . 
  the apparent delay was because i took the pictures on friday morning , sent the pictures to ( my colleague 's name ) on friday afternoon but he has n't reviewed them yet . '', 
  and then he said something like this : `` it was not an apparent delay . 
  it was real . 
  you should have learned from your colleague how to be efficient . '', 
  and then i said : `` i am sorry once again , i sent him the pictures because since you were traveling ( yes , my boss was traveling as well ) and i did n't want to disturb you . 
  this wo n't happen again and from now on i will copy all my emails concerning this subject to you , sir . '' . 
  he did n't say anything else , and i asked my colleague to tell him that i had sent the pics on friday . 
  my colleague sent him a text telling him this , and even sent me the screen captions of his messages to prove me he was trying to help me . 
  my boss texted my colleague back , saying `` thank you for your message . 
  * she has to learn . 
  i was shocked because i was called out for something that was n't even my mistake . 
  it is n't my fault that my colleague decided to go to the bahamas instead of doing what he was supposed to do . 
  apparently my boss does n't understand this . 
  my colleague , who is the son of a very famous doctor in my country , was never called out for traveling for fun instead of doing his work . 
  in a nutshell : my boss freaked out because i did n't copy him on a email when he had asked himself not to email him . 
  i have always struggled to do my best at work . 
  i know sometimes i can procrastinate to write articles but when it comes to emailing things and respecting deadlines i am never late . 
  he has always complimented my work and said he wanted me to succeed because i am competent . 
  for this reason , i thought he would shake this off and move on . 
  today , he came back from his trip and i thought everything would be okay . 
  my mistake . 
  he was basically micromanaging me and picking on me , trying to criticize everything i said or did , asking me questions i did n't know how to answer and smiling sarcastically everytime i made a mistake . 
  then when i asked him if i could talk to him about other paper i 'm writing , he said `` please email the co-author first . 
  calm down and do that . '', 
  he used to be very welcoming when i wanted to talk to him in person about these things , now he 's basically despising me and avoiding me . 
  i honestly do n't know what to do . 
  he is a very difficult person , he not only micromanages people , but criticizes them so harshly that he 's almost a bully . 
  today he criticized one of the heads of the department right to her face , in front of her patients , saying that the way she treats patients is `` way too controversial '' and that she should think about the patients ' well being first . 
  mind you - this woman is one of the best and smartest doctors there , and she 's the head of one of the divisions of my department , and yet he had the nerve to criticize her work in front of her patients , which i find shocking . 
  i do n't know why he 's treating me that way . 
  i also do n't want to sound like i 'm victimizing myself or trying to rationalize everything but sometimes i wonder if this is a gender thing . 
  because i have noticed that he does n't treat the male doctors as poorly as he does to the female doctors . 
  also , he tends to respect those who have rich and famous doctors in their families , i do n't have any rich or famous doctor in my family . 
  i come from a middle-class home and i am the first doctor among my relatives .
