  if nice guys are like this i want them to fuck themselves . 
  i was about to mention that . 
  `` love letters is n't for whiney fedorable social outcasts '' --  comment of the year . 
  * le woman runs away as soon as she reads the profile *, 
  29 f here . 
  you have a beautiful beautiful face !, 
  i can totally imagine you on a h&m ad . 
  go for it !!!, 
  i 'd stare you for a long time if i saw you at a starbucks/10, 
  6/10 but i can totally see you becoming a 8/10 if you lose more weight . 
  you have handsome features , you just need to lose more weight to enhance them more , i 'm sure there 's a great jawline there . 
  you 're really cute . 
  7,5 / 10 with glasses off, 
  8/10 with glasses on, 
  body = 9/10, 
  you 're a little bit `` ezra miller meets orlando bloom '' . 
  gim me a break . 
  you 're cute . 
  with more fashionable glasses you 'd look more attractive . 
  i ca n't rate you properly because you made silly faces in almost every pic . 
  choose another frame for your glasses and you 'll look more attractive . 
  would date you/10, 
  fetish time !, 
  plot twist : i 'm alan davies , duhhh . 
  he is the one who should double his dose of lithium . 
  now i know why some books have sticky pages . 
  neither did i. 
  it was n't me who classified it as dirty ... 
  this is absurdly cute . 
  thanks op, 
  this is / r/jokes not / r/biology, 
  guess it would be quite a long match . 
  but i do n't think mommy will agree to play with the maid , tbh . 
  yes , where everybody does !!, 
  why is this nsfw ? 
  nice, 
  glad to know guys like asses like hers and not just super fit butts . 
  first things first : change your glasses . 
   on the glasses front , i am not sure what about them you do not like . 
  i 've never had anybody say anything negative about them before . 
  is it the size of the lenses , their shape , or the frame that you find unlikable ? 
  there 's everything wrong with your glasses . 
  they look like a grandfather 's glasses . 
  sorry for the tough love but i do n't sugar-coat my advice . 
  on the other hand , you have a great body . 
  8/10 , which becomes a 7/10 when you hide your face with your glasses . 
  it 's really difficult for me to ignore it , tbh . 
  when i promised to myself i 'd never talk to him again , deep inside i hoped that one day he 'd finally message me again . 
  and this day came , but only 5 years later . 
  i do n't know if he still wants me or just wants to make fun of me , but i confess i am curious about his intentions . 
  there 's still a small part of me that wants to talk to him again . 
  i have n't replied yet because i fear losing control of my emotions again , but at the same time i think i may be losing a huge opportunity if i just ignore him . 
  things happened this way :, 
  - we live in different countries so after we dated in spain everything was fresh and new , but after 4 months of talking on skype everyday we got tired of that routine , he told me he loved me and i told him i was falling in love with him as well . 
  - that 's when things went downhill , because he started talking less and less to me and when i confronted him about it , he told me he could n't just keep feeling love for someone who lived so far away . 
  and days later i saw his pic with a girl on a date , on his twitter account . 
  i did n't exactly stalk him , i was one of his followers and i bumped into that picture . 
  but i totally see where you 're coming from , it can definitely re-open wounds . 
  no , honestly i am not expecting people to encourage me to talk to him . 
  i feel more like not talking to him than talking to him , and i wanted advice to ensure me that i am not being radical for not waiting to talk to him again . 
  i totally agree with everything you said . 
  maybe we could be friends again ? 
  i am a curious person , my mind is filled with `` what ifs '' . 
  but at the same time i am too tired to talk to him again . 
  friendship , perhaps ? 
  seriously i do n't want an eco chamber . 
  i do n't even feel 100 % like talking to him again . 
  if i did i would have answered his message already . 
  if i ever answer him i will do it with no expectations . 
  i really do n't want him anymore , at least not as a lover . 
  perhaps as a friend if things progress really slowly . 
  why am i being downvoted for just expressing my feelings ? 
  you look like amber heard !, 
  it would be enough for me . 
  i 'm in this phase of my life where i 'm not ready to face drama or a whirlwind of emotions all over again . 
  i 'd rather be single right now . 
  this pic made me feel so happy . 
  thanks for this . 
  i am being honest !, 
  i 'm usually a bitch in my ratings . 
  you definitely resemble her . 
  perfect skin and wholesome look !, 
  modern snow white/10 . 
  you need to change your hair color , wear clothes that are less trashy and stop with contact lenses . 
  value your ethnicity . 
  you look artificial and trashy to me . 
  if you ca n't deal with people 's pov you should n't have posted here . 
  you 're the one who has blonde hair and blue eye contacts and i 'm the racist one ? 
  i am telling you to value your asian features and i am the racist one ? 
  lol . 
  you have the right to do whatever you want . 
  but you look tacky this way . 
  your choices . 
  you may think this is supposed to be funny , but it is n't . 
  yes . 
  less beard ( scruff ) is the best look for you . 
  i 'd totally date you in your 2nd pic/10 . 
  dateable . 
  you 're definitely good enough . 
  work on your personality if dating is hard for you .
