  i totally agree with you . 
  the game is ridiculous and it only reflects how allienated and mediocre our society is nowadays . 
  we 're willing to waste our time with so much bullshit !, 
  this guy is my hero . 
  and yes , crystal pepsi was absurdly stupid but not as stupid as pokemon go . 
  i do n't think you understood my point , tbh . 
  i do n't get any most days . 
  i do n't understand ?? 
  i am not getting messages from men from brazil . 
  i am not looking for foreign men since i do n't want a ldr . 
   which is exactly what you do to the guys who message you . 
  see how it feels ? 
  who said i ignore guys ? 
  did i ever say that ? 
  i translated it to english so that you guys could analyze it . 
  usually it 's in portuguese . 
   you have n't given guys any reason to message you except looks . 
  you 're gorgeous but your written parts are boring , generic , and - especially the what i 'm doing & typical friday sections - absolutely meaningless . 
  i agree but honestly i do n't know what to write about without giving way too many details about my life . 
  like i said i 'm shy and usually i think people will find whatever i say absolutely silly and i do n't want to write much because of that . 
  and i 'm being honest about what i do on fridays . 
  i do n't ride horses in the appalachians and i do n't skydive . 
  i simply go to restaurants with friends or family . 
  what can i do ? 
  why would n't you send me a message because i 'm a christian ? 
  i 'm curious to know . 
   finally , you have a ton of cliches on here . 
  you have so so so many things i think i 've read 1000 before . 
  be more specific , talk about yourself more and why you like the things you like , and you 'll see the quality of your messages go up . 
  none of your subsections are more than 3 lines long , really . 
  be more specific , offer more detail, 
   and scrap your final section entirely . 
  it 's all too generic . 
  way too generic, 
  wow okay easy on the tough love lol . 
  okay , i 'm a walking clich\u00e9 , i 'm used to hearing this . 
  i can deal with it but honestly i hate how people in okc try to make their profile the most interesting thing on earth when we all know all human beings are generic in a way . 
  i like the idea of being myself , but at the same time i agree my profile is too succint . 
   separately , i 'm not familiar with the culture of sao paulo . 
  is it common to write your profile in english there ? 
  as opposed to portuguese ? 
  yes some people write it in english there , but for obvious reasons i translated my profile to english to make this post, 
   do n't you guys have festivals and carnivals and things like that ? 
  i usually ca n't stand brazilian festivals and carnivals so no thank you, 
  good idea , i 'll give it a try . 
  thank you for your feedback . 
  i think writing too many lines about myself is a little bit egocentric , do n't you think ? 
  that 's why usually my profiles are succinct but perhaps i should change that ? 
  i do n't want to talk about my job in a reddit thread and i think it 's among the rules not to ask users about personal details of their lives . 
  we do n't call ourselves that way but i 'm using a term that could make you understand my political views . 
  i hate carnival , samba , ax\u00e9 , funk , popular brazilian music , etc etc and i can assure there are many people who are just like me here in brazil . 
  okay , i 'll try to elaborate it a little bit ( though i hate having to do it ) and i 'll show it to you , ok ? 
  okay , but why is my job relevant to this critique ? 
  i honestly do n't know , but it 's not very favorable for women . 
  i 'll talk about my personal experience here - most straight guys i know are married or committed and most single guys i know are gay . 
  mmmm okay . 
  i 'll definitely do something about it . 
  poorer people marry younger . 
  richer or educated people usually get married later in life . 
  okay ... 
  i 'll try to elaborate it a little bit ... gim me a few minutes, 
  [ i am very excited to write extra lines about myself to make myself seem more interesting ] ( http://www.eonline.com/eol_images/entire_site/2014010/rs_400x192-140110122208-tumblr_lovdc0ivsa1qf6ifj.gif ), 
  lmao alaska is nice . 
  at least the scenery is beautiful . 
  been there and loved it . 
   you said you 're not interested in the guys who message you, 
  i am 100 % sure i did n't say that . 
  i said that guys who message me are not interested in ltr . 
   you have so many cliches, 
  okay , i gave it a little update . 
  have a look and tell me . 
   this is a huge turnoff for me personally . 
  alright then . 
  but this is me . 
  i 'm retro . 
  i made some changes to it . 
  have a look and tell me . 
  i was n't interested in meeting any men there since i went there with my previous boyfriend . 
  okay , this is one of the best answers so far . 
  thanks for that . 
  it 's true . 
  there is an * alaska men * magazine and i 've been missing it ? 
  wow . 
  love myself a septentrional lumberjack . 
  * packing *, 
  thanks, 
  thank you for your message . 
  i made a few changes to my profile , would you mind to have a look at it again ? 
  hmmm did n't know about it . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i laughed . 
  i made a few changes , would you mind have a look at it again ? 
  i made a few changes , would you mind have a look again ? 
  i made a few changes , would you mind have a look again ? 
  i made a few changes , would you mind have a look again ? 
  i made a few changes , would you mind have a look again ? 
  i am tired of men who are not interested in ltr messaging me . 
  lol thanks for your feedback !, 
  glad it looks more `` messageable '' . 
   you sound very interesting in your profile,
