  she also has my passwords and we make efforts to be real with what we do when we are n't together . 
  if we are n't doing that shit together , we are doing something else , like ... 
  going outside and enjoying each other 's company . 
  well lucky for you you have a girlfriend who likes technology as much as you do . 
  i do n't like spending all my day glued to my gadgets and i hate video games , so your girlfriend 's approach would n't work with every woman . 
  you ca n't force someone to like technology . 
  i think op needs to find a boyfriend who 's more compatible with her . 
  i think it 's absurdly controlling . 
  some people like to walk naked in their homes . 
  it 's their homes , damn . 
  they have the right to do whatever they want there . 
  if i had a boyfriend who liked to walk naked in his own house and if i knew there were people who looked at his naked body i would n't give a damn . 
  you break up with her . 
  you 're one of the only men who is honest about this . 
  most men will lie saying that they 're never insecure when dealing with a successful , educated and attractive woman . 
  thank you for your honesty , seriously , this is perhaps the first time in my life i 've seen a man be completely truthful about this situation . 
  you deserve the gold you got . 
  she kissed a guy because you were n't in an exclusive relationship yet . 
  you either make it exclusive or accept the consequences . 
  it 's not because your partner does n't like the same things you do and does n't have the same interests you have that your relationship is doomed . 
  honestly , sometimes the differences make the relationship more interesting . 
  the best boyfriend i ever had was completely different from me - i am a christian and he was an atheist , i love meat and he was vegan , i like history and museums and he hates art and loves sports and mma fighting ... and it was really fun because we took our differences lightly and saw everything with a good sense of humor . 
  you need to have the same approach to make things work , but when you do see your differences in a funny way , you 'll see how they can spice up the relationship . 
  it 's not differences between taste or interests that make a relationship end , it 's the differences between values , ambitions and goals that make the relationship doomed . 
  you 're childish for attacking people who disagree with you . 
  all your comments are being downvoted because you refuse to see your attitude is making everybody cringe here . 
  if my boyfriend was naked in front of his window and all the girls in the neighbourhood were masturbating thinking of him , i would n't give a damn . 
  it would even amuse me a little bit . 
  it is absurdly controlling . 
  you 're trying to control what she does in her own home . 
  it 's creepy . 
  glad i could help !, 
  do n't let these small differences ruin the chances of having a great relationship with someone . 
  what really makes a relationship work is trust , respect , companionship , caring , similar values and ambitions . 
   i am kind of sure at her appartment she goes naked here and there with the courtains open ( she does n't even have courtains in ther kitchen ) . 
   i commented that i found it bad, 
  you 're feeling bad that she walks naked in her own apartment . 
  stop offending people just because they disagree with you . 
  you 're absurdly immature . 
   ** i am not attacking anybody ** , i am asking for advice and what you do is ( in other words ) is her body , ** so fuck you . 
  i am pretty sure you 're attacking me . 
  if you 're not an immature guy who does n't know how to deal with different points of view , i do n't know what immaturity is . 
  well , i wo n't stay here just to be unwarrantedly insulted . 
  good luck with this attitude of yours . 
  people are here taking their time to give you advice and you say they are `` bullshitting '' because they do n't agree with your point of view ? 
  wow . 
  i refrain from making any other comments , not because you asked me to , but because you do n't deserve advice from anyone in here . 
  these mere seconds of her naked in front of a window disturb op . 
  are you still wondering if you 're overthinking or not ? 
  you 're definitely overthinking . 
  i was not judging you . 
  i understood your comment , i just wanted to give a different perspective here . 
  sorry if i did n't make myself clear . 
   no commitments or expectations ; but exclusive and loyal until stated otherwise . 
  you want it to be exclusive but not committed ? 
  which means you ca n't have sex with other people , but you can date other people ? 
  your father is a little narcissistic imo . 
  the best thing you can do is to avoid getting in touch with him . 
  minimize your interactions with him as much as you can . 
  at 54 yo it 's very difficult that he will change his behavior . 
  you can try to explain him that you did n't mean to insult him but i do n't think he will understand . 
  your friend is absurdly immature . 
  he wo n't understand that this whole situation is his fault , not yours . 
  you should understand this as well - you did n't do anything wrong , he did . 
  it 's not your fault that he rejected you over and over again and then you eventually got tired of the situation and moved on . 
  i have lost a friend exactly because of this . 
  i used to invite him to hang out with me and he would turn down my invitations ( sometimes he 'd agree to hang out with me only to call me minutes before our scheduled time to say `` look i need to attend this friend 's birthday party '' ) until one day i gave up . 
  when i invited some friends to go travel with me and did n't invite him , he got mad . 
  i explained him why i did that and that i was tired of being neglected by him and he got even angrier . 
  he refused to take responsability . 
  so i did n't bother trying to convince him he was wrong . 
  i just let him go . 
   makes me wonder how much time op spends staring at other people through their windows . 
  wow . 
  very clever consideration . 
  plot twist - op watches naked girls from his windows and wonders if neighbours do the same with his gf . 
  darling , you ca n't control your feelings . 
  if one day someone discovers how to do it , that person will become a millionaire . 
  feelings are involuntary . 
  what you control is how you deal with them . 
  you need how to learn to let people go . 
  sometimes life is taking people from you because you have to meet new people to enrich your existence . 
  loosen your grip , relax and let life give you what it 's supposed to be given to you . 
  you want someone to be 100 % exclusive to you , not date other people but at the same time you do n't want any kind of emotional attachment ? 
  you do n't want a fwb , you want an exclusive sexual partner . 
  okay , this is possible , but it will be very difficult to find someone who agrees with such a thing , and usually this kind of `` relationship '' tends to hurt both parts . 
  you want someone who 's willing to have sex with you and only you while you travel around the world . 
  and then you do n't want any emotional attachment . 
  that 's a little disturbing imo . 
  you want everything from the person but you 're not exactly willing to give or sacrifice anything . 
  damn . 
  it looks like a cyanotic baby . 
  nice guys like me want to tie down and rape bitches like you !, 
  at least he did n't mention that she has to like anime as much he does . 
  `` olivia deserves to be raped '', 
  this guy needs psychiatric treatment . 
  i 'm very sorry for olivia munn if one day she googles her own name and finds this lunatic 's comments . 
  `` weirdos with peanut butter alergies '', 
  wtf did i just read, 
  because after all when we go on a date with a guy there 's a `` i will rape you '' sign on his forehead .
