  2 ) orban is a cynical authoritarian dick , but he is not an idiot . 
  said a catxiter !, 
  yaaaah , i wish we were n't in the explosion radius , but i guess our illustrious nation required a painful therapy . 
   i heard about it , it 's just i did n't think they could be that petty but it seems that as you said internal politics is priority , it 's really really shitty and short-sighted . 
  it usually is . 
  sign some multi-million contract to defend some voting blocks ? 
  done since forever . 
  what is different is that this party is really incompetent in almost everything it touches . 
  they ca n't even buy votes without some major collateral damage . 
  except it did n't directly cause this mess . 
  it contributed , but most conditions were there for a long time . 
  either way , he was a kgb officer , it makes sense he would train a bit . 
   how the hell can the usa say anything about russia see , that 's the thing . 
  the article is about ** france ** talking smack about russia . 
  jumping from this to anti-american whataboutism signifies some major bias and/or agenda pushing . 
  sheesh , france is n't even the biggest fan of uncle sam , they have a long history of being a thorn in usa 's side . 
  it does n't have to be putin-mandated official operation . 
  you can have all kinds of script kiddies mounting upvoting actions for whatever they think is right . 
  that post was so outlandish that the amount of support felt out of place . 
  in such situation , it is either my perception is wrong or something fishy is going on . 
  i might be wrong , but unless i see some strong indication of major anti-american bias in these parts , the kind of that we used to see back in iraq times , then i will assume either brigade or botting . 
  false equivalence is a thing and your comment looks like it did exactly that . 
  you are criticizing `` american propaganda '' and yet you present russian involvement as black-and-white ? 
  i can not comment on it in a non-mocking manner , sorry . 
  maybe !, 
  i live in warsaw , would n't know !, 
  was there any actual attempt by citizens of batman to make fun of the association ? 
  i understand it is deep in anatolia and most citizens are probably very uninterested in superhero comics , but i am curious . 
  easy to say for a swede whose country has like three cities !, 
  ok , i try to avoid meta-discussion , but this got ta be a bot-upvoted post or at least heavily brigaded . 
  i can buy people jumping on hating muslims en masse all by themselves , but i am not buying this much sympathy for russia . 
  he just lies . 
   possibly one of the tactics for may could be an attempt to somehow have the eu fall apart which would be utterly criminal . 
  disunited europe has been a consistently shit place over the millenia . 
  and frankly , uk would n't profit from such a chaos . 
  only russians would . 
  dividing europe only really made sense for the english when europe could pose a military threat to them . 
  a year ago ? 
  there was a huge wave of anti-immigrant sentiment everywhere . 
  it was much much worse than now . 
  that 's why we are here !, 
  only some posters want discussion anyway, 
  only for the last thousand years or so , heh heh, 
  just having bigoted opinions should n't be automatically banned , i think . 
  thankfully , such people are often also horrible and insulting , for some reason , which is grounds for ban . 
  zakopane is nice , problem is , it has long been rather tourist-trappy with very predatory-minded locals and plenty of kitsch . 
  but sure , the area can be nice if one avoids the worst . 
  perhaps if your initial post had more nuance , i would have seen more nuance as well !, 
  thankfully , you can just read breibart . 
  my point is there is , by now , no need for actual extremist islamic infrastructure or indoctrination for an extremist attack to occur . 
  it can `` help '' , sure , but committing an attack is now a cultural meme that can be replicated by the vulnerable without outside aid or active inspiration . 
  do n't know specifics of this guy , but it 's not necessarily a questionn of being radicalized . 
  nowadays , an islamic extremist act seems like a thing to do for muslim people if they feel deeply unhappy about their lives or have psychological issues , quite similar to how american spree shootings work . 
  cultural copying , really . 
  of course they can also get radicalized as well , just that it is far from simple . 
  he is very progressive * for a pope * . 
  it is still a commendable move in the right direction , even if he remains , obviously , still far away from actual progressive stances . 
  the poster i replied to wrote :  you mean inter island movement , whats this border you speak of ? 
  ... which puts emphasis on geography as something that defines borders . 
  i do not , in the least , dispute the colonial/imperial injustice historically perpetrated by the uk on ireland . 
  but any argument for their unification ought to be about the people , not about an island needing to be `` whole '' . 
  do people call them `` alt-right '' , though ? 
  does it include wilders , le pen , etc. 
  apologies , but i do n't think i said they were . 
  it makes me really sad how drones are on the cusp of forever destroying the beautiful art of observation towers . 
  not that i am not sympathetic to the irish cause and critical of uk 's historical treatment of your region but being one island does not magically make you one undivided entity . 
  plenty of divided natural geographical regions out there . 
  swedish leftist !, 
  polish coal miners are pretty good too . 
  whenever they come to protest , they get what they want very fast . 
  any compromise requires good faith . 
  past decade or so proved that at least one side does not uphold the deal, 
  the `` compromise '' is n't great . 
  it was n't even enforced for a long time . 
  and part of of the compromise in the 90s was a promise of good sexual education that would reduce the need for non-emergency abortions . 
  that never happened either . 
  hah , you got downvoted . 
  pro-life is strong in this sub in recent days . 
  thanks , america . 
  not everyone thinks children are our ultimate goal that we have to sacrifice everything for . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ), 
  hahahaha, 
  i would love for poland to take some , sadly my countrymen think it will end our civilization . 
  they obviously do n't give a fuck about helping greeks either , and you guys have been swamped by immigrants for years . 
  some solidarity . 
  not gon na happen , unless you get golden dawn to win . 
  and you wo n't . 
  so you might just as well make them less problematic by educating them . 
  if you let them go uneducated , the seeds will be even better !, 
  sounds like a good place for other eu countries to help . 
  half of them claim they prefer to help refugees away from them , but it mostly just ends up being empty talk . 
  gassing is way overrated . 
  he had much more work done using mundane ways of killing people . 
  assad is supported by * iran * and * hezbollah * , some of the most islamist entities in the world . 
  it is a predominantly muslim country , it will be islamic this way or another . 
  yes , i agree , it is often be damned if you do be damned if you do n't . 
  with plenty of conspiracy theories that always put it on usa ( or jews etc. ), 
  but we can not ignore the destabilization of iraq that contributed to the syrian situation . 
  remnants of iraqi sunni insurgency provided a lot of fuel to isis and allowed them to expand to mosul . 
  the direct cause of syrian civil war was the assad 's brutal repression of syrian version of arab spring but usa and others are not totally of innocent .
