   so poland is like , `` told you so '' . 
  it 's only fair . 
  it would be awesome if we were n't in a , i do n't know , a big continental community where we at least try to think of solutions instead of engaging in pointless schadenfreude . 
  is `` do n't be a dick to your greatest actual ally in eu '' such a hard thing to grasp ? 
  bullshit back to you , sorry . 
  the refugee crisis was first and foremost caused by many millions of refugees swelling in turkey , lebanon etc. 
  due to some of the bloodiest conflicts in a while . 
  shit , greece and italy were being drowned for years while the rest of europe pretended nothing was happening , it just cascaded further . 
  the irish and the basques might disagree with the notion that cultural proximity prevents terrorism or leads to assimilation . 
  and poland has some bad history with ukraine , with actual genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  of course , any speculation of what a minority will do in one-two generations is idle futurism , but the variables for potential terrorism are there . 
  enough for me to laugh at my compatriots who think that a million of ukrainians is better than a few thousand syrians . 
  white ? 
  what does it even mean ? 
  iranians are `` white '' and so is much of the middle east . 
  here , have a photo of [ the rulers of syria , the al assad family . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2tb4gfk.jpg ) they could be polish if i did n't know better . 
  i find such preference hilarious . 
  we have no idea what a huge immigrant population will think up in a generation or two . 
  most muslims in west europe were rather mellow 30-40 years ago , with terrorism being only of the algerian and palestinian nationalist variety . 
  if we are unlucky , we can land with strong ukrainian mafia or terrorism of 2nd-3rd generation . 
  and you wo n't be able to meaningfully profile them via phenotype , like people think they can do with middle eastern folks . 
  except we either do n't or we make it worse . 
  sorry , but that 's just an excuse to push the problem away . 
  wake me up when europe actually meaningfully works to solve the issues at their source . 
  i am sure the british can join you in this . 
  eh , french military is still one of the more competent in the west . 
  obviously , reservists in the street might not be that great . 
  thank you , happy it makes sense , but it really is n't brilliant at all . 
  i just wish people did not cling to populist fantasies that fall apart when you sit and think for a few minutes about their practical aspects . 
   i have an idea . 
  let 's seperate completely incompatable groups of people that only fuel tensions on both sides . 
  do you think it would resolve the problems ? 
  how would you do that ? 
  have the army round everyone `` incompatible '' up ? 
  how do you decide who is incompatible ? 
  does an iranian-german born in germany speaking perfect german and identifying as german qualify ? 
  how many generations back counts ? 
  what of people of mixed heritage ? 
  what of arab christians ? 
  what of non-arab muslims ? 
  with all of the above in mind , do you think it would reduce violence in a country or increase it ? 
  it is a far-right dream that it can be all solved instantly and quietly but even if we did n't have moral issues with trying things like that , it would be horribly messy and would inflict insanely more victims on both `` sides '' than the ongoing terrorism . 
   so what 's the solution ? 
  there is no solution . 
  no one has one , including the far-right . 
  we need to manage the problems , control the immigration , improve our security and integrate as many problematic people as possible as to reduce the fertile ground for toxic ideologies and murderous madness . 
  terrorism will always exist , in this form or the other but it will subside , like it always did . 
  i am very much pro choice . 
  before birth , a fetus is part of the mother 's body so the decision must be hers . 
  after birth the child can live without her , so it is not unreasonable to draw the arbitrary line there . 
  see , this is the problem . 
  it is easy to mock the current state , but most people fail to provide any meaningful alternative that would `` fix '' the situation in some drastic manner . 
  everyone agrees there should be more security . 
  in what measure should they be `` touchable '' ? 
  would them being `` touchable '' really help the situation ? 
  so are you saying many in this thread are saying there should be detention camps for brown people ? 
  with barbed wire , guards , dogs n shit ? 
  course they are n't , but harm to them greatly distresses adults so we do n't condone infanticide . 
  ultimately , though , humans mourn them less . 
  especially in times of higher infant mortality , people quickly forgot about them and just made new ones, 
  urh , it is a life from the very beginning . 
  it is just not self-aware , so people like me do n't care much about it except for the feelings of the woman involved . 
  haha , no no , that is not what would happen . 
  i was deeply sarcastic , they would not do anything at all , except saying something to justify doing the opposite to what francis says . 
  i bet they will just cherry pick like they did with obama , though . 
  mistranslation . 
  cherry picking . 
  ignoring . 
  suddenly discovering separation of church and state . 
  as usual . 
  even teh polish poep was mostly ignored when he said things that did n't match traditional polish perceptions . 
  this commie pope might just not exist as far as most poles are concerned . 
  billionaires in jail should be everyone 's thing . 
  at least those who commit crimes , please . 
  apparently , he did kill three turks and three kosovars . 
  except there is no hardcore pro-immigrant left in europe to the extent of the anti-immigrant right . 
  unless , of course , we subscribe to their idiotic narrative that everyone but them is hardcore left . 
  back in school i was taught japan has three main islands . 
  poor shikoku goes just under the radar . 
  he is an abrasive , xenophobic person , horribly ignorant about the world . 
  the moment turks blip on his radar , he is very likely to say something either racist , ignorant or both . 
  i am sure he will get around to you eventually . 
  `` everyone '' is a bold claim , especially when i often also hear `` heavily polarized '', 
  how convenient , since gulenists are secret , anyone can be named as one, 
  i think you might find that these activities are not exclusive to any specific ideology, 
  usually no , but i would n't be surprised if some bad stuff went over in the deeper subthreads . 
  probably not a straight denial , just `` debating '' it in creative ways . 
  are n't you going along erdogan 's narrative ? 
  that gulenists are some kinds of freemasons , secretive , omnipresent , monolithic sect ? 
  what , do they have secret tattoos so they recognize each other ? 
  elaborate handshakes ? 
   most importantly less racism . 
  haha , not disputing what you say but that would be really funny considering the whole trump phenomenon going on now . 
  also fucking sad . 
  the trend is such many of the educated turks will be forced/compelled to emigrate . 
  official bans probably wo n't be permanent and many people will bribe/weasel through them . 
  or if all else fails just get on a boat . 
  shit , colonizing europa should be eu 's ultimate goal . 
  the polish state was a soviet puppet back then but you ca n't say the poles did not applaud and profit from it .
