  that is what they are for . 
  scale is usually smaller , but still . 
  not really defending nsa 's big overreach , but snowden has also seriously weakened his country 's intelligence gathering capabilities , which could have been also used in ways that we could call `` just '' . 
  he has seriously harmed the state - even if in good will - so the state pursues him . 
  even if it is true , then so what ? 
  snowden , regardless of what we think about him , has made one of the biggest leaks of state secrets ever . 
  why would usa not want to catch him ? 
  except that the only thing fn can do is make things worse . 
  european identity is not supposed to replace national identity , just supplement it . 
  similarly , you can be silesian or podhalan and yet polish . 
  the closer to russia , the less sympathy even among the crazy , heh heh, 
   there 's nothing wrong in being a dictator as long as you 're doing it right . 
  yeah !, 
  problem is , dictators are not chosen and once they get in , you ca n't force them out without a revolt . 
  so , you really have no control over who is that dictator and you have no guarantee they are a good ruler . 
  thus , wishing for a good dictator is basically wishing for a messiah to come and make everything right . 
  goddamn , i would be deported from finland in two hours . 
  this is quite awesome , i did n't know helsinki was on so many islands . 
  btw , how come finns are so communicative online , when they reportedly hate talking with hu-mans ? 
  likely by tallinians , in the third age of the tallin empire . 
  your country was not founded yesterday . 
  i suppose viipuri had some , heh, 
  goddamit , i forgot to reply yet again . 
  i apologize . 
   usa 's : nato is a policy tool to keep eu in somewhat subjugated position , encircled russia ( so it will not get any funny ideas ) etc. 
  frankly , much of europe would gladly eliminate their militaries and just have usa defend them , if they could . 
   russia 's : nato promised us not to expand , now they do , and what a hell against whom do they need ant-missile shield over europe ? 
  they are lying and encircling us , we need to resist well , the only risk to russia is that they might not be able to invade or miltarily threaten a nato neighbour . 
  so i really do n't care what they think . 
  they can still do anything else . 
   while eastern europe joined willingly , the master plan was there all along i am okay with a masterplan which ensures continental peace   i do believe that this is a valid vision by poles actually , most poles probably think about the matter in a confrontational sense and see nato as being exactly a tool against russia . 
  i believe it is only against russia if russia wants to become aggressive at some later time . 
  which probably wo n't happen despite recent crap . 
   my best guess is . . after current russia 's expansion will stop , they will collapse after some time under burden of administering all these territories . 
  maybe not collapse per se , but it will only do them harm . 
  crimea will be a horrible money sink with little to no return . 
  i just think sooner or later putin will lose power and some more reasonable leader will take his place . 
   my only hope is , that by this time eu will be willing to be more sensitive to russia 's concerns and eu will bind russia into eu somehow a la post-wwii germany . 
  i have no problem with being sensitive to valid concerns , i do have problem with leaving whole countries as russia 's exclusive zones of interest . 
  eu association would not have harmed legitimate russian interests in ukraine . 
  i think it was a mixture of causes . 
  there was the cold war polarization , as you have outlined , which forced everyone into orderly war camps . 
  but there was also the creation of nuclear weapons , which finally made major war too horrible for everyone . 
  also , i do believe there was a genuine cultural evolution in europe towards being a bit more sensible , after the brutality of ww2 . 
  but yeah , i always thought nukes and cold war were huge contributions to global peace , crazy as it sounds . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
   as you said yourself ... western europe stopped worrying about russia after 1991 - why would they ? 
  a broken country . 
  it was not just power . 
  there was - and still kinda is - a genuine optimism that we are past major military conflicts . 
   nevertheless , the policy of containment was never abandoned : in books by kissinger and especially by brzezinski , the fucking timeline was given about order and years when and which country will be admitted into the eu and nato . 
  i do n't know , but i always envisaged nato expansion not as anti-russia but pro-peace . 
  hell , before putin became more imperial , i always thought that russia should , eventually , join nato too . 
   so while these countries did join ( on their own accord ?? ), 
  east european countries joined very much on their own accord . 
  baltic states almost tripped over themselves to get there , heh heh  it can not be said that cold war thinking was abandoned ( at least by not all parties involved [ and i mean non-russian players ] ) . 
  yes , it was never going to just disappear . 
  but i maintain nonetheless that it was never malicious on the part of the west . 
   what is clear though , that nato/eu are expanding too aggressively and too fast - new members are not integrated enough ( in case of eu it leads to all sort of problems ) , membership fees for staying in nato are not payed ( so it new members are seeing nato as free protection insurance ) i agree , partially , the expansion was , perhaps , too hasty . 
  but it was based on a general optimism and a genuine desire to expand the sphere of peace and prosperity . 
  while risky , i believe it was a good risk . 
   on the side note : does anyone in poland is saying that you guys will need anti-missile shield against iran ? 
  if polish know , this shield suppose to be against russia , i would say than russia knows that too  ca n't speak for other poles , most of them are more xenophobic than i am . 
  of course , there was always a lingering - and now justified - distrust towards russia . 
  but the way i see it , even the anti-missile shield was not directly against russia , it was more about tying ourselves to the usa militarily as much as possible , which is a popular idea in poland . 
  no one seriously considered the anti-missile system to be any defense against russia 's nuclear arsenal . 
  to recap my main point : nato expansion is not against russia , unless being immune to military bullying by russia is considered to be against russia 's interests . 
  i really would n't attribute europe 's internal peace to americans , helpful though they were . 
  i do believe european nations did get slightly smarter after murdering each other for centuries . 
  serious . 
  most nato countries have long ago stopped perceiving russia as an enemy or a threat . 
  russia , on the other hand , reacted very badly to any of its old satellites associating themselves with nato/eu and treated it as a hostile move that constituted actual danger . 
  apparently , some of them get over it better than others . 
  well , you are saying it is a `` side '' . 
  unlike russia , eu does not really require exclusivity of the countries they deal with . 
  yeah , i know , but it was a while . 
  the last decade or so was quite benevolent . 
  so it seems die linke is actually beneficial by putting spd into the right place , heh heh i am surprised schroeder was n't crucified politically after he went on to a gazprom-controlled company , having lobbied hard for their interests as a chancellor . 
  sld , the polish party that is the direct successor of the old ruling communist party is not actually pro-russian - they even allowed a secret cia prison back when war on terror was a thing . 
  then again , poland has even more drastic history with russia than germany does , so there is that . 
  well , was n't schroeder quite pro-russian ? 
  russia would love to !, 
  die linke is pro-russian and against nato ? 
  one could argue there are some distinct echoes of the past in such a development , heh heh, 
  never say never . 
  but yeah , not anytime soon . 
  demographic and cultural factors were much more important . 
  turkey was n't authoritarian for a long long time until recent events . 
  well , of course , if the parent state and the seceding state come to an amicable agreement , then it should not be a problem . 
  quite a negotiating leverage on the side of the former , of course . 
  please . 
  it is russians who think in cold war terms . 
  do n't paint associating with eu as something imperial . 
  more likely , it would dilute the eu and make it obsolete . 
  comes with having been an empire . 
  i think in all european media eu politics are virtually non-existant . 
  we are still a bunch of mildly xenophobic nation states that are lucky to have gone past killing each other . 
  a lot of it turns out to be permanent too . 
  no wonder , seeing as much of it comes from the more dead-end parts of the country .
