  i guess it would depend on the recruit and how ~ ~ gullible ~ ~ zealous they were . 
  some might be useful for other skills , like doctors , engineers etc. 
  ethnic cleansing and forced conversion is effective long term . 
  fortunately , we are past that . 
  i bet a bunch of french isis recruits had to learn it . 
  idle linguists are devil 's tools !, 
  yeah , it always looked like a goddamn wasteland in every direction . 
  felt like there was less than a dozen population centers in the whole thing , mostly in gondor . 
  welp , tolkien was doing literature , not geography . 
  or maybe they are the true poles and we have lost our way ? 
  or poles and tyskie . 
  mean !, 
  thb , it is guerrilla warfare , not that easy to root out , when part of the populace supports it . 
  well , do n't have to reject teh jesus , just do a ritual while not having a meat tentacle . 
  you mean , gay priests with a cover wife ? 
  heh heh heh  beard is a slang term describing a person who is used , knowingly or unknowingly , as a date , romantic partner ( boyfriend or girlfriend ) , or spouse either to conceal infidelity or to conceal one 's sexual orientation . 
  things get redefined over time . 
  modernity would be met with horror and rejection by christians just a hundred years ago , after all , and in hundred years being an openly homosexual female priest will likely be completely normal and totes christian . 
  islam is fundamentally the same . 
  it is just that many current dominant interpretations are a tad severe . 
  that only really jolts the catholics though . 
  yeah , better be more specific in top-level comments , heh heh, 
  i am sure your anti-jihadi solutions are perfectly rational , though . 
  no side effects on antagonizing whole groups by rounding up people on broad criteria , i am sure . 
  totes works , you just need to ethnically cleanse thoroughly enough . 
  of course , but these are rules of war that everyone is obliged to follow and stepping outside is a war crime . 
  if we were n't progressing , armies would still rape , murder and plunder en masse and it would be perfectly normal . 
   it is unfortunately a part of the whole killing business . 
  except it is n't . 
  modern rules of war treat humans as humans the moment they are not a direct threat . 
  an armed opponent who fights you can be killed , a civilian is a protected human being with full rights . 
  and even enemy combatants are supposed to be treated with dignity , allowed to surrender , given medical aid when downed etc. 
  neither they nor us have this right , smartass . 
  that is why they are criminals and terrorists when they try that . 
  if you do the same , you will be a criminal and a terrorist just as well . 
   jihadists do n't subscribe to you standards neither do criminals . 
  should we torture them , then ? 
  but they are not * realllly * human !, 
  according to subreddits i read , they have revoked their humanity the moment they touched quran and were born brown !, 
  i am obviously bitterly sarcastic , but dehumanization is rife in the immigrant debate . 
  comparisons to vermin etc. 
  hey , guess what historical country did exactly that ? 
  you are advocating murder , you know that ? 
  of course you do . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  it was never impossible . 
  what you can not do is strip nationalities from people who were already born in europe and only have local citizenship . 
  even if they plot terror or join isis . 
  sounds like ground level in netherlands . 
  both russian-estonians and estonians should learn english just in case , then !, 
  they totally do , ask anyone in immigrant threads . 
  though they tend to go crusader kings 2 a lot too . 
  yeah , no . 
  civilization , culture , society are vastly better and safer than 500 years ago . 
  it is isis and wahabis that want to turn back time , i am sure there are plenty better ways to move forward other than stooping down to their level . 
  polish government does exactly nothing , past some loudmouth posturing . 
  the theory of poland somehow preventing immigration soes not compute . 
  sad, 
  ahahaha , you accuse muslims of being backwards and you want religious persecution from 500 years ago . 
  jesus fuck , you do n't fight for modernity , you just want your backward tribe to win over another backward tribe . 
  you joke , but a lot of commenters in these threads would actually love seeing some kind of mass persecution . 
  either way , most muslims would just `` convert '' while remaining muslims in secret . 
  bullcrap , poland is `` spared '' only because it is unattractive to migrants relative to the eu . 
  you could just as well tell western europe `` be poorer '' . 
  if they seriously shared the idea that `` europe is being invaded !!, 
  ! 1 '' they would have voted for something else . 
   childless merkel now that 's just horribly stupid , having or not having children does not mean anything about what kind of leader someone is . 
  oh fuck off , nobody suggests `` sensible immigration policies '' in these threads . 
  no , `` just do n't let them in '' is not a sensible immigration policy . 
  the poll that really matters are elections . 
  people may not like a lot of what happens , but does n't mean they will trust dickhead nationalist populists with magical strongman solutions . 
  it is just that there are many vastly clearer posts in this thread , so attacking this one seemed weird . 
  but hey , no fence sitters in the great war . 
  nah , you just had a preconception . 
  but that 's fine , on heated topics like this one neutrality gets eaten , with everyone being suspected of supporting the other side if they are not explicit enough . 
  i do believe that person should have been clearer , otherwise their post is rather useless . 
  lol , how do you actually ban it ? 
  you would just get a very resentful underground movement , with people covering each other more than ever . 
  jesus fook , no wonder populists can still win some elections , people are suckers for magical simplistic solutions . 
  so she does . 
  germans do n't share alt-right views , deal with it . 
  `` religious terror '' is not explicit enough for you ? 
  who are you , trump ? 
  the poster you replied to neither said nor implied such thing . 
  were you triggered by their swedish flair or something ? 
  what would you have european union do again ? 
  are you in the `` throw him into a volcano '' camp or do you prefer indefinite detention ? 
  in the context of the current thread you are missing the fact that some corporations are purposefully and maliciously working to hook up populations on things like sugar , knowing full well it is addictive and many people will not resist it or even think about it . 
  my mistake , it seems your comments were closer to a libertarian angle . 
  did he just say `` let them eat cake '' ? 
  fatpeoplehate never dies , eh, 
  i just find the name hilarious . 
   social shaming is a very strong force when did it ever work ? 
  romas have been branded as thieves and frauds for centuries and it only makes them more insular and more us vs them . 
  poles used to be branded as car thieves in germany , and all the reaction you would get from poles was a shrug . 
  jews were shamed for being greedy and , well , still bankers , lawyers and diamond workers !, 
  pointing fingers at large groups is useless at best , a vehicle for racism at worst . 
  you did n't ? 
  hard to say , posts about immigrants/muslims/whatever tend to have a lot of `` sarcastic '' comments under them . 
  i thought it was a meta comment about subreddit moderation .
