  current polish government does n't know what the fuck they are doing , so do not expect me to defend them . 
  they have a deep cultural anti-eu sentiment , despite being formally pro-eu . 
  ideally , they would want to be an empire themselves . 
  second best , they would want some kind of magical ironclad alliance only with usa , so that it teleports in whenever there is trouble . 
  they are not necessarily against eu militarization , however , as even they sometimes realize those wishes are not in sync with reality . 
   who 's gon na be usa 's next target ? 
  china , iran ? 
  i strongly disagree with this idea that usa is just itching to cause global conflicts or that they are the cause of all problems , sorry . 
  oh , hello td friend . 
  the briefness of the chance came from your president quickly going back to campaign rhetoric and being very chaotic in general . 
  it is not just about disagreeing with his politics - that 's a normal part of democracy - it is the appearance that he does n't seem to know what he is doing . 
  i would love to be wrong , i really do . 
  he does n't even understand things like `` arms race '' or `` rest of the world '' . 
  he was given a brief chance to finally `` pivot '' after inauguration . 
  but that 's just how he is , crazy grandpa donald , always yelling his ignorant thoughts . 
   the eu needs to leave nato . 
  yeah , how about no . 
  nato has been a major part of what links `` the west '' since the 2nd world war . 
  we do not yet live in a nice cozy safe world where we can pick our allies based on high ideological purity and doing so rashly would be unwise . 
  `` those things are really complicated ! '', 
  feel free to make your own judgements . 
  i do n't care if you believe me , search for your own answers if you wish . 
  what i said is the western perception , whether you like it or not . 
  it is not overtly hostile and the west still works with russians in some fields . 
  however , the level of trust fell drastically , with some covert sabotage going on ( like trying to influence western elections ) . 
  maybe , who knows !, 
  uk might drift away and then drift back . 
  again , long-term is very hypothetical . 
  10-20-30 years is a very , very long time . 
  look at how different things looked 10-20-30 years in the past . 
  shit , in the 90s russia was * friendly * . 
  that anti-swedish circlejerk is really vile . 
  not that sweden does not have problems with their policies , but the level of arrogance on the topic coming from trump/4chan circles is disgusting . 
  if the eu does not disintegrate , you will likely rejoin , eventually . 
  edit : for those snapping , `` eventually '' can mean a very long time , like 20 years or more . 
  if eu survives that long it will likely be a powerhouse worthy of joining , even for the brits . 
  does n't have to , directly . 
  it is unlikely putin is actually directing such acts . 
  he has , however , cultivated an environment where many malicious actors may consider such journalists fair game , especially when they are also investigating local power/crime groups . 
  while erdogan is deplorable and i would doubt that 2 point claim , he is on the cusp of reshaping turkey in his image . 
  burning a few bridges might be very much worth it for him , even if there is little gain for a high price . 
  and that is why you are in green in my res . 
  excellent post , mr emnel . 
   when i see a girl with a headscarf , the first think of is not : ` hey she might be cute ' but : ` muslim ! ', 
  that 's entirely your problem , though . 
  some trimming is fine , sure . 
  there were way too many statues , too similar and too imperialistic . 
  but some stayed , especially the less controversial ones and now they are part of local history . 
  meh , over time it becomes part of history . 
  similarly , i am sure you have marks of old teutonic , russian or polish dominance in lithuania and i doubt there is much reason or enthusiasm to raze them all . 
  eh , they do n't look very good , even on such a fine lady . 
  not saying patriotism ca n't be woven into fashion , but this case is rather crude . 
  eh , if you look at europe , there are vestiges of old empires everywhere . 
  many old castles , palaces or even churches symbolized oppression by a foreign entity . 
  but over time , it is all part of our identity , it serves as a memoir and , perhaps , as a warning . 
  to follow up on your dick-ramming simile , europe looks like a match of [ genital jousting ] ( https://youtu.be/mybittbluoe?t=15 ) ( nsfw ) . 
  small voting thresholds are fine . 
  anything above 5 % is getting unfair . 
  i do n't think it is that simple . 
  i would prefer not to ban religious attire , but the prevalence of secular clothing does influence the culture and does nudge people towards secularism . 
  while it will drive some people away from employment , it will affect positively many others . 
  there are degrees . 
  saying `` they are all the same '' is just apathy . 
  hey , if you are lucky , politics might never really affect you and you will have the luxury of treating them as a joke . 
  but they will come for you too , eventually , heh . 
  that 's what they do . 
  this gets highly upvoted ? 
  truly , this sub is lost to bullshit tribalism . 
  how about it is up to them , eh ? 
  how about maybe everyone is not hellbent on disintegrating the uk while also feeling sympathy towards scottish situation ? 
  how about some fucking nuance instead of slinging shit back and forth ? 
  they will have some idea of how is it going . 
  additionally , this will put pressure on uk negotiators . 
  i do n't envy them . 
  just do n't complain if you get shit politicians due to your apathy, 
  how would kicking turkey out of nato help with any of that ? 
  these are real considerations of regional stability , feeling `` pure '' wo n't fix anything . 
  i am very much against labeling cities along national lines , especially cities with long rich multicultural histories . 
  regardless , poznan was historically an integral part of the polish heartland , despite the german influence . 
  well , all alliance are purposeful . 
  natos purpose is preserving stability and so far turkey 's inclusion helps it more than it hurts . 
  this is alliance , not a family picnic . 
  the west was allied with stalin once , after all , and few people think it was a bad idea at the time . 
   they are not too friendly with another nato member ( greece ) this is actually a reason to keep them in . 
  when they are both within the same structures , their animosity is contained . 
  turkey being outside nato would generate constant international crises in their friction with greece . 
   how our societies will look at defending people who call us nazis ? 
  greeks called germans nazis quite a lot during their crisis . 
  poznan was not a german city , though , it just was much closer to germany and was under prussian control during the partitions . 
  many other cities in western poland were originally german , nonetheless . 
  it drifted away to trumpland . 
  it does n't matter that wilders wins elections as he wo n't have a coalition to rule . 
  this is not fptp . 
  no need to insult looks . 
  she is hideous politically , allright . 
   `` we have to deal with kaczynski 's personal trauma '' . 
  it is not trauma . 
  sure , there was smolensk etc. , but he is , in general , a very petty and vindictive man . 
  hey , it made some sense at that time . 
  also , everyone assumed the americans knew what the fuck they were doing .
