  i am only partially laughing . 
  i hope the authorities clamp down on violence and regain control over the narrative . 
  what i want is for the german police to get their shit together/get funded/reinforced . 
  blame game will only allow things to spiral out of control . 
  nope , reinforce the police forces and clamp down on all violent mobs . 
  law enforcement , not roving groups of `` concerned citizens '' , please . 
  especially in the immigrant threads , strawmaning what the opposing side supposedly says is rampant and massively upvoted . 
  predictable , really . 
  i just hope the governments stop the spiral of hate with robust policing . 
  not like they have much choice . 
  it is either getting their shit together or losing power to crazies . 
  well , a rally is planned and scheduled . 
  german police simply has to be more vigilant and respond quickly if threats arise . 
  as the poster you replied to said , it is a policing issue and so far german law enforcement is not ding very good . 
  yeah , it is all a conspiracy to establish a politically correct caliphate or something . 
   i 'd like to mention that the patrols themselves are a cause for concern and are indeed a problematic development . 
  yeah , the way to go is strengthen the law enforcement in whatever ways necessary , not forming militias or whatever . 
  it can be a slow burning conflict , with attacks happening regularly and everything slowly going to shit . 
  so if they were war criminals , we can be war criminals towards them and it is all fine eh ? 
  ethnic cleansing is never right . 
  people who say it was somehow justified ca n't claim to be subscribing to civilized values . 
  so for crimes against humanity you believe it is just to commit ethnic cleansing ? 
  and you say they got off lightly ? 
  you do remember we were supposed to be morally superior to nazis , right ? 
  certainly only a small minority is hostile towards germany . 
  sadly , they rule the country now . 
  ohgod you just reminded me he is back in the government ohgodwhy, 
  sadly you will hear more of the same . 
  the current government is really good at pretend martyrdom . 
   and honestly who gives a shit if your sport or car magazin is owned by a german company ? 
  producers of quality polish cars and owners of prestigious polish football clubs , i am sure . 
  how about we mentally get into the 21st . 
  i genuinely thought it was already pan-european . 
  can the civilized world stop disappointing me ? 
  sounds like we finally have a political motivation to do so !, 
  turks are funny like that . 
  they are quite diverse , but often they look like white europeans . 
  racial divisions are bullshit , lol, 
  it got me many many years to realize freddy mercury was ~ ~ iranian ~ ~ gujarati . 
  ~ ~ i suppose ayatollahs were very , very disappointed with him . ~ ~ mostly just his grandma , i suppose . 
  edit : i have no idea where did i get into my head that he was iranian , yay spreading false information . 
  what is important is not if you predicted it - seemed pretty inevitable to me - but what conclusions you get from it . 
  i see it as a part of the cost that was obvious from the start and i was always for helping some number of refugees . 
  populists are an extreme version of that . 
  many politicians will at least partially stick to the reality . 
  a populist will promise you all the money and will lower your taxes too , regardless if it can be done or not . 
  a strawman , really . 
  no one says cultural differences excuse rape , lol, 
  certainly . 
  i like nuclear explosions too , but sadly the reality is usually incompatible with much of the coolest stuff . 
   a true refugee will settle in the first safe place they can find , a refuge . 
  they do not shop around to get the best deal they can , because they realize that they are lucky to get something that is not a bullet to the back if they are coming from a war zone . 
  see , this is my point - where did you get this definition exactly ? 
  because this is not the definition of the un or the international community . 
  refugees are n't good or bad , mobile or immobile , they are first and foremost defined by their country being unsafe . 
  they are refugees until either they get asylum , another citizenship or their country unfucks itself . 
  you do n't have to want to take them in unlimited numbers . 
  i do n't want to take them in unlimited numbers and certainly the whole thing was a giant mess . 
  but all the talk about economic migrants when referring to syrians ( but not to many opportunists that join the crowd ) is pointless semantics , really . 
  you ca n't deport them to syria anyway . 
  whatcha gon na do , throw them off planes over the country ? 
   it is not that easy to pull that off . 
  you 'd need the to know the local map , atleast to some degree ( nearest cities from your home ) . 
  you would have to know the right language and the right accent . 
  a pity i did not major in arabic . 
  i would now be super employable all over europe . 
  it seems to me most people think the choice is either total surrender or sending the flamethrower shocktroops . 
  thank you for being sane , for a fucking change . 
  holy shit , a reasonable post that carefully considers the considerable challenges of recent immigration without descending into smug racism and bullshit strawmen . 
  who are you , what are you doing here and can you please lead europe from now on ? 
  yeah , i was shocked , they must have misunderstood it as anti-immigrant or something . 
  91 upvotes for a comment that is gleeful someone got stabbed in the neck . 
  and you guys claim to be defending europe from barbarians . 
  what is your definition of a refugee , then ? 
  that part from my first paragraph , perhaps ? 
  refugees are defined primarily by not having a citizenship/asylum in a safe country anymore . 
  not by how they move around and where they try to get sustenance . 
  but also refugees . 
  that is my point , the line is extremely blurry . 
  it is rational for a refugee to go work somewhere , in the best place possible . 
  or get the best social help . 
  i mean , saying they are economic migrants changes nothing . 
  they are a challenge either way . 
  the debt thing is already in progress , actually . 
  all hail the new government . 
  yeah , well , they aimed for a few top nazis . 
  much of german society was nazis too , you know . 
  thankfully , we did not murder them in revenge . 
  you obviously misunderstand what i said . 
  humans are different but they encompass a wide spectrum of behaviors , including very horrible ones . 
  this does not mean they lose human status or anything . 
  speaking of germans , should we have just murdered all the nazis , back in the day ? 
  seeing as they were n't `` human '' ? 
  yeah , because uk laws are smart and enforced , especially towards minorities . 
  this is ridiculous mental image that `` true '' refugees are nice people who sit in a tent 10 meters from their former homeland 's border is bullshit . 
  refugees are uprooted and often destitute . 
  therefore , they often maximize their options and go where they think they will have the best chances . 
  simple human nature . 
  do n't like it , do n't accept refugees , but do n't say they are `` economic migrants '' . 
  the line is very blurry , refugees simply have more pressing reasons .
