  not all `` drugs '' are addictive either . 
  heroin sure is , but many other substances like lsd and mdma are not . 
  also , only some people are prone to addictions and many can get addicted to anything . 
  entirely arbitrary , as i said , unthinking blanket delegalization is not the answer . 
  that is why parties like fn who advocate dismantling of nato make me shudder . 
  not that a war will happen the moment nato disbands , but it becomes more likely in the longer term . 
  they do n't have to be , if they are used responsibly - see alcohol . 
  and criminalizing them only makes the use less responsible . 
  also , `` drugs '' is a very arbitrary designation . 
  alcohol is a drug , many medicines are drugs , coffee is a drug , sex in many ways works like a drug , etc. 
  there is still a lot of `` drugs are bad mkay '' mentality in many countries . 
  usually accompanied with `` but children '' . 
  i do n't follow your internal kalmar union politics  on a serious note , there is tons of genuine bare racism in the whole debate . 
  but the abuse of the term early on was not wise at all . 
  yeah , sweden is different in this matter . 
  but look at any other country in europe , heh . 
  even germans are definitely not for unlimited immigration and a lot of other countries are straight-up xenophobic . 
  i am certain this fact is not helping the swedish political scene either , preventing some more extreme on the pro side to think they need to stand firm against the world . 
  all i really want is orderly policies . 
  * `` europe wo n't stop being firmly divided between two armed blocks , because soviet union is too powerful '' * -- any european in 1980s . 
  * `` we have solved the economy and laissez-faire capitalism is the eternal way to go '' * -- everyone in the 90s . 
  we know nothing of what will actually happen in 10-20 years . 
  we can aim for things and some things are unlikely , but ultimately the uncertainty is huge and should prevent anyone from talking in absolutes . 
   there should definitely be more of a middle ground than there currently is . 
  in most debates it 's either no immigration , or it 's free immigration . 
  exactly . 
  this polarization is what is hurting europe the most . 
  but i think it is much more prominent on the anti side , i really do n't hear about anyone wanting nigh-unlimited immigration . 
  at worst some people go into denial , but practically no one is advocating it . 
   most all but the actual racists want immigration that is at or below this level . 
  haha , maybe in your country . 
  most poles think it should be zero and that and that budging even a little will flood us and make us all kebab . 
  sadly , the post-communist countries are firmly in the `` no immigration ! '', 
  extreme that prevents any pan-european solution . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfpekfvulky&amp;index=5 well , no one wants an uncontrolled immigration at this point , i think . 
  we are just struggling with actual solutions and are paralyzed by the aforementioned polarization . 
  heh , most poles think just like most finns , so that 's nothing new to me . 
  i agree that more deliberation is good , but the thing with the immigration crisis is that it just started happening . 
  a lot of european discussion is stuck at `` immigration , yes or no ? 
  '' , when in most cases the immigration is going on anyway and the focus should be on how to manage it and channel appropriately . 
   the alienation of those who just want reason `` just wanting reason '' is an entirely arbitrary designation . 
  this is simply a statement that you think you are very right , but that 's just a political opinion , not some universal truth that is rejected by the establishment . 
  not saying i think the swedish government is doing everything as rationally as they should , to be clear . 
  your judgement is based on your certainty on how you diagnose the situation . 
  while it has been misjudged by some immigration enthusiasts , the situation is hardly set and we do n't know how it will eventually play out . 
  there are plenty of doom and gloom predictions that are just as baseless . 
  people a decade ago had no idea how the political situation would look now so forgive me if i seriously doubt the certainty of your predictions . 
  holy shit , a finn on the internet that does not think that the white race is being invaded . 
  pleasure to meet you , sir . 
  i found it quite commendable that sweden proceeded with immigration because they wanted to do the right thing , but it all must be grounded in hard numbers . 
  the trick is for you to get a more realistic governance without going genuinely racist . 
  sadly , the opinion in europe is extremely binary on the issue . 
  it is the natural limits that discourage people from staying long term , not the system . 
  thousands of low-skill jobs wo n't pop out of nowhere . 
  refugees/immigrants - yes . 
  but in an orderly fashion . 
  i agree mistakes were made but nothing was forced . 
  it was all agreed by either democratically chosen governments , parliaments or referendums . 
  neither the aim is an `` amorphous federal entity '' . 
  just like regions and smaller nations of larger countries , parts of a federalized europe would remain culturally distinct and vibrant . 
  woah , those politicians are really weird people !, 
   do i support the forced federalization of european nations into some amorph `` european superstate '' incidentally , no one wants that , including federalists like me . 
  `` inevitable '' , while debatable , can mean decades or centuries . 
  your name will be safe elsewhere by then . 
  he is n't an anti-eu nutjob . 
  he is more nationalist that i would like and leans too much to towards the nativist crowd , but he is definitely not anti-eu . 
  what is hilarious is that he was always a moderate nationalist conservative . 
  but of course he is `` leftist '' to people even more to the right . 
  `` peaceful europe with no armies guarding against each other ? 
  not gon na happen . '', 
  - any european in 19th century, 
  `` what do you mean by we do n't have that money i promised ? '', 
  i am quite pro-european but i think you are being rather excessive . 
  like kids these days !, 
  i consider myself leftist but this mindless ideological bashing of any and all trade deals is rather unhelpful . 
  world is more complex than us vs big companies , ffs . 
  frankly , turkey seems to be mostly ignoring isis anyway . 
  perhaps you got the worst of both worlds . 
  ... whether it likes it or not !, 
  erdogan being a bigger and bigger dick is tied to the security deterioration , though . 
  for example , once he did not need a war with pkk to stay in power on the `` safety '' vote . 
  all of them are no-go zones, 
  you already got english as an international language , do n't be greedy . 
  at least on steam , we already have the same prices or am i wrong ? 
  there used to be the eu2 region but i heard they are removing it . 
  i do n't think he said the autocracy is a solution . 
  arab spring proved these autocracies are inherently unstable . 
  the question is whether they will gradually reform or whether we will get another explosion/explosions later on . 
  except it was a result of decades of pent up discontent and current socio-economic factors , it was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  the arab dictatorships are inherently unstable in the long term , you could n't `` carry on as usual '' . 
  gradual liberalization , even reluctant , is one of the things that can lead to actual liberalization . 
  both dumb extremisms that should be discarded and yet most people gravitate to either . 
  are you subscribing to the idea that the west did ? 
  also , the revolution you talk about was not of military nature . 
  there were protesters occupying the streets and it was the security forces that were shooting people . 
  putin , on the other hand , took crimea with his own army . 
  how can you compare these things ? 
  can we really be friends with putin when he is opposed to nato and eu and actively works to weaken them ? 
  just giving him what he wants is not `` being friends '' , it is yielding to a bully . 
  the hate is genuine there , though , many pis politicians viscerally distrust russia .
