  po was n't innocent but pis is using it as an excuse to just take it all . 
  oh yeah , it is all part of euroleftist conspiracy . 
  the same that wants to make us muslims and take away our coal . 
  pis promised the most of all of them . 
  during the campaign , there were some cost calculations of promises and boy , did they go all the way . 
  true believers gon na believe . 
  the people i laugh at are those who voted for pis because `` all politicians are the same '' or believed in their mellow image . 
  false equivalence . 
  pis went way , waaaay further . 
  another one of those articles . 
  does it signify that greeks are in love with putin once again ? 
  the major difference is the turko-greek border is not a warzone . 
  because claiming it is `` secret '' reinforces the narrative of fighting against some german-leftist conspiracy . 
  that 's not what he was talking about but whatever , he is cherman !, 
  leave if you want , just do it quicker then the brits are taking please . 
  only if they also dip newborns in vodka . 
  remember to bring some firewood !, 
  after the first week of the new government , i have no doubt it will get much worse before it gets better . 
  well , the nation has chosen . 
  muslim ruler = everything * must * be about islam / s, 
  and it is a dumb relic that has no place in any sane law system . 
  sadly , polish law wo n't get any saner for a while now . 
  no one says they are a prime candidate , but totally excluding them from ever joining would be overconfident . 
  a lot of stuff can change in 20 , 30 , 50 years , sometimes fundamentally . 
  excellent idea , except no one wants to send ground troops into syria . 
  maybe in american politics . 
  not in poland . 
  i mean , it is very bad , but it is more of the `` roll eyes , the dude is crazy '' kind of bad . 
  check the history of revolutions . 
  that 's their thing , generally . 
  as you say , nostradamus . 
  cheer up , there will be a lot of excellent bittersweet political satire included !, 
  it is not even that . 
  they are terribly ignorant , paranoid and incompetent . 
  american officials will have to get their `` how to talk with third-world crazies '' diplomatic manual and will likely be wary of any major deals with this lot . 
  goddamn opportunists !, 
  manipulations , you say . 
  you just ignored 95 % of the article that is very much spot on . 
  the article includes an analogy towards trump and i think it is not greatly misplaced . 
  they are fans of welfare for everyone , sure , but in ignorance , bigotry and anti-science they rival the forerunners of republican primaries . 
  i do n't think america wants such allies . 
  they are petty , emotional and unpredictable . 
  and the previous government was quite pro-american - but it was also pro-european . 
  america does not want to split europe and that is what this government will aim to do . 
  they only got the majority because of splintering of the rest of the political scene . 
  they do not represent the majority of public opinion , yet they behave like they got a mandate from god himself . 
  i wish it was a hyperbole . 
  oh god , i wish it was . 
  just fyi , the current polish government is very unlikely to know what the fuck they are actually doing on the international scene . 
  they might group up with uk to flip that evil brussels that wants to take away our coal , inject us with teh gay and destroy our catholicism with teh muslams , but i would be terribly surprised if there was some actual long-term strategy behind it . 
  nah , that would be a north korean picture of kim jong-pork . 
  whatever . 
  50 years ago soviet union existed and the world was firmly split in two . 
  so allow me to be less certain of the future than you , especially when we are talking about strategically-positioned neighboring countries and not your brilliant example of argentina . 
  hey , arab spring was a genuine revolt against brutal dictatorships . 
  it went mostly sideways , but hey , that 's what most revolts do , including the most famous ones . 
  and just like the most famous one , it will have lasting cultural positive impact on the arabs . 
  they now know the dictators are not eternal , for instance , and next time they might switch them for something better . 
  you do realize the promised land narrative is subjective and irrational ? 
  the reality of what refugees encounter is already quite bad - sitting in huge refugee camps like tempelhof - and yet even bad perspectives in europe will almost always trump whatever they can find in turkey , jordan , lebanon or syria . 
   never not any time soon , but do n't say things like that . 
  who knows what happens in 50 years , or even 20 . 
  exactly . 
  for all the talk of `` we must help the refugees near their country of origin so that they do n't destroy our civilization or something '' europe is doing almost nothing . 
  even if we do n't like turkey , maybe we could at least fund the un refugee agency properly ? 
  yeah , the european attitude towards turkey rarely seemed very honest to me . 
  no outright malice , but little genuine sympathy either . 
  i would prefer ever closer ties between turkey and eu and who knows what happens in 50 years . 
  but certainly nothing fundamental in the short-medium term . 
  oh , mehmed ii , did n't expect him . 
  to his right is kemal , because why would n't it be him . 
  hahaaaa , i know the redhead from that harem soap opera , rofl oh , also kemal, 
  that 's cool , but blaming them for every single piece of terrorism probably allows other actors to operate under the radar . 
  eh , i do n't see it as black and white . 
  from my rather ignorant point of view , it seems it was commited by some non-government , non-pkk actors . 
  neither had any real reason to do that ( and , as you said , not now ) and thus should n't be blamed until some proper evidence is obtained . 
  why is it assumed pkk does this ? 
  why would they kill a kurdish lawyer who said pkk is not a terrorist organization ? 
  is n't lumping every attack on pkk a bit too convenient ? 
  this policeman was doing a decent thing and died for it , so i do n't think he should be lumped together with whichever crimes you allude to . 
  source for this ? 
  seems like you spoke in haste . 
  hoho , you can not possibly compare bbc to rt or sputnik . 
  well , you can , but i do n't even know where to start . 
  sputnik is terrible . 
  of course , they sometimes cover the news well when they are neutral on the matter , but in general they are not trustworthy . 
  same news are available in less biased sources and they should be linked from them instead . 
  it is mentioned at the start of the article . 
  akp will now just bomb pkk out of habit . 
  they are still refugees even if they are `` fussy '' , as they can not remain in/return to syria . 
  i am all for an `` eu asylum '' , ( also known as `` congratulations , you are going to poland !!!, 
  wait ! '' ), 
  but i strongly reject denying people refugee status based on their demeanor , niceness , gratefulness etc. 
  and that 's the general vibe of threads like these . 
  it boggles my mind how everyone in these threads * constantly * works on a fantasy image of what an ideal refugee should be and what they themselves would * totally do * if they were in their place because * of course * they know how it is to be one . 
  refugees are neither good nor bad . 
  they are simply a slice of another society , uprooted and transplanted out of their country because it has gone to shit . 
  they did not ask for this and they are under no obligation to be grateful or nice as their life usually hit rock bottom anyway . 
  worse , many of them are falling back on more animalistic instincts and can become cunning , mistrustful , emotional or easily angered . 
  they are a burden and a cost and they should be properly managed .
