  no one will take your country . 
  immigration is problematic but various minorities have been in europe since forever . 
  and only a small number of refugees would be placed in , say , czech republic , even if quotas went into power . 
   i think all countries should take care of their own people before helping others so , you do n't want eu structural funds anymore ? 
  double standards . 
  it 's cool when milions of our people are economic migrants and it is cool when they leech other countries ' welfare but god forbid some people of weird color do the same . 
  do they live better , though ? 
  i do n't think the cost translates directly into quality of life , when they lack other things that locals have , like family and friends ' support network , their own place to live , language skills etc. 
  i mean , they are a burden and a problem , but not much can be really done about it , except managing it better . 
  hopefully within a european framework and not this hot-potato , every-one-but-not-us mess that is going on now . 
  you do n't stop being a refugee when you leave a refugee camp . 
  a state of being a refugee remains as long as your country is at war/unsafe or you get a citizenship somewhere . 
  you also do n't stop being a refugee when you misbehave or `` throw tantrums '' . 
  it is like citizenship . 
  it does not , in itself , say you are a good person or anything and can not be lost if you are n't . 
  that is not what you were saying . 
  you were saying they can not cross the border , because they are not africans . 
  if ukrainians were fleeing their homes and country in similar numbers then yeah , they would just walk over the border . 
  polish government had some camps prepared exactly for that . 
   totally reasonable and not at all an appeal to emotions . 
  like it or not , germans are emotional about it and they wo n't do it . 
  whacha gon na do about it ? 
  bully germany too ? 
  perhaps europe needs another lesson of how it sucks to be a disunited continent full of bickering and posturing children . 
  perhaps eu was too early . 
   and we are n't getting poor desparate refugees , we 're getting guys that bought into the trafickers ' propaganda and were rich enough to pay the trafickers to get here . 
  that is why they came in luxury . 
  oh , wait , they did n't , they walked across a few countries . 
   yes , round them up and deport them , illegal border crossing is illegal and that makes them criminals . 
  otherwise it means you have to accept anyone who crosses your border . 
  and it encourages more people to do so . 
  riiight , germany dragging and loading people onto trains . 
  yeah , i can see that alright . 
   as for lebanon and turkey 's willingness to take them in , that 's why you fund all their camps , taking good will out of the equation , it becomes in their interest to take them in . 
  it is not just about money . 
  one third of lebanon is refugees now . 
  europe whines about thousands , they got a million or so . 
   my father was a refugee once upon a time . 
  he had to do physical labour in a refugee camp for three years in italy and go through all kinds of bureaucratic hurdles to have the opportunity to get his visa to come to canada . 
  so , according to many commenters here , he was not a refugee , he was an economic migrant , shopping for a rich country . 
  a `` true '' refugee would stay in the camp for 20 years , in line with such thinking . 
   ukranians want to cross the border ? 
  hahahaha many thousands of ukrainians in poland . 
  dunno where you get your info . 
   what is frustrating is seeing these people get the same/better treatment , just because there are so many of them . 
  dude , they lost everything . 
  you make it sound as if they got it good . 
  you are ignoring the fact that hundreds of thousands are already in europe . 
  do you want to track them down , round them up and load them onto trains or trucks against their will ? 
  do you have any idea what mess that would be ? 
  and so far neither turkey nor lebanon expressed willingness to take the refugees which is not surprising as they already have millions of them . 
  and why should they have any goodwill ? 
  did europe help them financially to host those refugees for the last few years ? 
  nope . 
  did the eu even fund the relevant un agencies ? 
  nope , they were badly underfunded . 
  so why should anyone care too cooperate , exactly ? 
  everyone would prefer for the problem to remain localized . 
  but we did too little and now we are reduced to damage control . 
  when you lose your home , your job and your country , you sure run towards benefits . 
  every refugee group ever did that and this one is no different . 
  they have no obligation to sit in a tent doing nothing for ten years or however long this war takes . 
   totalitarian yeah , let 's all cal hitlers the moment there is a disagreement . 
  this mess is much larger then any decision by germany . 
  possibly , but even al-nusra would be better . 
  that 's how bad it is . 
  and we ca n't know what would happen . 
  maybe islamists would dominate , sure , but what i know for sure is that a prolonged civil war makes everyone more and more savage and russia definitely fanned the flames . 
  it is not force , it is pressure . 
  said pressure results not from malice of germany or brussels officials , but from necessity . 
  the problem is here and now and it will be either shared or it will further undermine the eu 's existence . 
  apparently , plenty of people prefer it this way . 
   it should be a united response , but a response where all states are satisfied . 
  and that is why there is none . 
  enjoy the show . 
   tough luck . 
  same for containing them . 
  some kind of middle ground is likely preferable . 
  ca n't stop them from working and moving , but lack of proper refugee management only makes it worse . 
  let 's just say mutual trust between the west and russia is slightly depleted nowadays . 
  even ignoring other areas of activity , russia is a huge contributor to the current state of syria due to their continued help to assad . 
  if he fell quickly , the situation would have been entirely different . 
  isis or something similar could still rise , of course , but no guarantee . 
  lebanese civil war lasted for what , 15 years ? 
  and just because the war ends , does n't mean the country can not remain a smoldering trouble spot rife with all kinds of militias . 
  and that 's assuming isis is gone , lol, 
  no , it was being said for years but nobody cared because `` it is not our problem '' . 
  welp . 
  that 's because exclusively helping refugees closer to turkey was a great idea a few years ago . 
  just as funding relevant - and badly underfunded - un agencies . 
  it never happened , the problem exploded all over europe and so it is `` accept quotas now '' because shit hit the proverbial fan . 
  that shows how most of the `` help refugees closer to the conflict zone '' talk is just hot air . 
  it is more than just the eu . 
  most member states simply preferred to hide their heads in the sand . 
  so , you are criticizing the west for doing things in iraq and lybia and then you are criticizing them for not doing things in syria ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  yeah , europe was happy to just ignore it , for the most part . 
  karma , in a sense . 
  actually , that is exactly how many people in europe see the issue . 
  which is as sad as it sounds .
