  progressive tax for corporations could easily lead to that tipping point effect . 
  of course , but for years ( decades ? ), 
  we have been constantly led to believe they are barely profitable and they need constant tax breaks/cost cuts . 
  the point is not to milk them dry/kill them off , but to tax them more fairly . 
  i believe there is some room for that . 
  75 % is just for the very rich . 
  of course , most of the very rich will weasel out of it , but hey , they weasel out of everything anyway . 
  would be , but he mistook them with some other party , hehe, 
  i think the argument is much less bipolar . 
  a corporation will always try to pay as little as possible - that 's its nature - but it wo n't `` run away '' the moment it pays a little more . 
  they will stay as long as they are profitable , and that point can be quite high . 
  the idea is to tax them just enough to leave them some space for growth and profit , while preventing them from cheating on tax this way or another . 
  here is an interesting [ article on a similar issue ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/28/business/international/living-wages-served-in-denmark-fast-food-restaurants.html ) : mcdonalds pays workers much more in denmark and yet they are still profitable , just a less . 
  it can be curtailed . 
  capital is n't in poland just because it likes the view , it is here because it is part of the running operations . 
  with enough attention to closing tax loopholes , much of it can be taxed alright . 
  hell , no one would object , tax havens and tax loopholes are a problem for most of the eu . 
  and , as others pointed , cyprus is already the hq of , like , everyone . 
  if they have a choice to either be there , or pay even just a little more , they will be there because the current setup allows it . 
  do we want to race a tax haven to zero ? 
  i am not saying poland is doing teh awesome , i know it is deeply flawed on many levels . 
  but our compatriots sure have a tendency to exaggerate in the opposite direction . 
  exactly . 
  it is not even the views ( even though i agree with most ) , it is the surprisingly reasonable approach to them , without going into this extreme or the other . 
  could use such a party on the right as well . 
  [ this thing ] ( http://razemdamyrade.com/program/ ) popped-up in recent months on teh facebooks . 
  might be an embryo of such a party . 
  do n't have too much hope but hey , one can dream . 
  basically . 
  mass electronic surveillance is simply how this era works . 
  with internet being everywhere and doing everything , this was inevitable . 
  damn americans , spying on everyone !, 
  constructive criticism is important here . 
  we all agree romas are seriously fucked up in many ways , but there needs to be some reasonable discussion about how to unfuck them . 
  sadly , the usual reaction is either hollow racism or trying to ignore the problem . 
  meanwhile in poland , half of the population believes the country is in ruins , politicians steal everything and the government is the enemy . 
  not talking about status , talking about , like , their whole conduct . 
  a good moderator will do their job regardless of the views held . 
  i would accept ayatollah khamanei himself as a moderator , if he managed to keep his slightly controversial views apart from the modding task . 
   some cultural relativist who thinks the western media is just as  biased and just as bad as the russian media , and that western politicians are just as greedy , corrupt and cynical as the russian regime . 
  that 's not cultural relativism , that 's bending relativism to push one 's own bullshit . 
  what . 
  you are in europe . 
  no matter what country you are from , there are like 20 nearby countries that you can feel superior to in some way . 
  mods also need to have some leeway in judgement . 
  we would all love to have clear detailed rules for everything but life is crazily complicated . 
  uh , now , i generally hate to get involved in far-off countries , but i am starting to think the best bet - except for lybia unfucking itself all of sudden - would be to go there in force and partially occupy it . 
  make it a goddamn un protectorate or whatnot . 
  yeah , i know , it would be costly and terrible , but such solution is gradually starting to look appealing compared to what is the status quo . 
  it wo n't happen , though , unless it gets even worse . 
  even americans would hate to get involved and its europe that we are talking about . 
  regardless of malthus 's specific ideas , the point is either humans regulate their society and manage their population , or horrible things happen . 
  there are no easy answers to this . 
  no one likes letting everyone in , but letting lybian criminals drown thousands in the sea is not a good option either . 
  yes , of course , this is cold-war style flag-waving . 
  what i mean is , it does n't look like he cares if sweden is in nato or not . 
  he just wants to have clear enemies he can bully/scare his people with . 
   if he was acting irrationally , i doubt the other moscow higher-ups would just sit there and watch . 
  that 's not really an argument . 
  plenty of leaders remain/remained in power despite acting stupid . 
   in this particular case , he 's just trolling and saying `` what are you gon na do about it ? '' . 
  `` just trolling '' is not a rational action in global politics . 
  i do not think he is crazy . 
  i do believe he is quite short-sighted in many ways , though , and contrary to some perception is no strategic grandmaster who we just fail to comprehend . 
  no need to explain yourself , i just strive to be all gentlemanly n ' shit . 
  my knowledge about land of the swiss is largely limited to mountains , gold and chocolates , but i wager there are plenty of eu citizens living there for reasons legit or otherwise . 
  i dislike your simile , but in essence , yes , this is the kind of hollow insecure nationalism that fixates on posturing just to feel better for a few seconds . 
  in previous centuries , this kind of behaviour is exactly what caused wars . 
  it seems to me putin himself really wants sweden to join nato . 
  you ca n't explain his actions in many other rational ways . 
  and i think myself to be on the left and i do n't consider them heroes . 
  not traitors either , although assange is certainly an idiot . 
  but they did n't side with stalin !, 
  well , it is obviously stupid and cruel . 
  two horrible wrongs etc. 
  we could just as well murder germans in death camps for revenge , if we went along this line of thinking . 
  vodka donuts !, 
  right . 
  usually a union dictated on * their * terms . 
  and each party in each country has a different set . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  yeah , we still have to abolish all the taxes and then we will become a libertarian utopia . 
  and poles still complain our country is too leftist . 
  we are neoliberals ' wet dream . 
  edit : in this particular respect . 
  does n't mean everyone else should obediently work like little ants at the conveyor belt . 
  unless , of course , everything is fine and dandy in employee-employer relationship . 
  guilt !, 
  you * know * you are cheating !, 
  accept that electronic espionage is part of life and that it was inevitable with such proliferation of the internet . 
  at this point , being fundamentally against it is like calling for dismantling of all the armies . 
  very good in some future utopia , not so much now . 
  regulation , oversight - yes . 
  but do n't treat electronic surveillance like genocide or something . 
  other governments need to stop being so full of shit . 
  much of the nsa hate was not because people hate spying , but due to anti-americanism . 
  revelations similar to the one in the topic came out a bunch of times about various european spy agencies and yet barely an eyelid got batted . 
  oh give me a break , labels already have some mandatory elements and no one is hurt by it . 
  a small breakdown of calories wo n't hurt the design . 
  as with most political propositions , its extreme versions are quite harmful .
