  should n't have joined the soon-to-be-submerged eu !, 
  do n't blame you , would do the same in your place . 
  i was n't saying he is a puppet . 
  was just asking how it is . 
  muricans sure have spine , the problem is they have a tendency to bludgeon too many people with it . 
  no problems in this case , of course !, 
  but is he being supportive of the current russian policy ? 
  just because he is of russian descent and is supported by ethnic russians does n't mean he is automatically a kremlin 's puppet . 
  i * knew * something was wrong , hehe . 
  excellent reference there , sorry for missing it , 
  your lack of cooperation is disturbing !, 
  then again , i was essentially forcing you to make a nazi joke and that might have been slightly uncomfortable . 
  sorry about that !, 
  edit : hehe , thanks for editing . 
  but why are you calling eu `` france '' ? 
  instinctively checked for hungarian flair, 
  now say it in german , preferably with `` reich '' included !, 
  nice try , southern finns , but you still need a cross . 
  hey , these are our lines !, 
  this statement  you guys are doing alright for a balkan state , but stay in your tier with the rest of the balkans . 
  overreaching is never healthy . 
  makes me think that this other statement  orban is just an episode for us is not really accurate . 
  i am sure there are plenty of backstabbing bastards up there . 
  but i am betting more on them making backup plans and trying to avoid damage themselves , then just outright moving against putin . 
  the `` forwardness '' is entirely subjective in this case . 
  some of it was sea . 
  that 's what you get for naming your state after a us state !, 
  of course , ukraine is/was almost a failed state from the very start . 
  that is why it became such an issue for everyone . 
  but putin 's covert war certainly did not help . 
  ukraine is on the brink of collapse , so yeah , they need help just to remain where they are . 
  no one is advocating a large scale war with russia . 
  i apologize , but i find invading other countries in my neighborhood to be much more than `` nothing '' . 
  right , my prediction is based on current conditions and they might change . 
  i would argue this whole war is a sign of weakness . 
  i seem to recall that putin was quite struggling before he `` liberated '' crimea . 
  frozen conflict achieved . 
  i am still for reinforcing ukraine . 
  putin sure wo n't stop reinforcing his pawns , just because there is no shooting at the moment . 
  helping ukrainians is the best way to ensure the frontline does not move much more . 
  there are obviously people there who would love to march on . 
  it all depends on what putin decides , though . 
  so we should just tut-tut at putin when he carves a neighboring country ? 
  sanctions suck , but we ca n't let it slide . 
  i wonder who ordered it , really . 
  it could have been putin , obviously , but it could have also been a case of putin complaining `` will no one rid me of this turbulent priest ? '', 
  during dinner and some lackey interpreting it as a great way to gain some putinpoints . 
  the sad thing he is likely crippling russia for decades with his actions . 
  of course , blame will be put on the ebul west instead . 
  ehhh, 
  tsipras is just jealous !, 
  after millennia of hatred , it 's not even personal . 
  it 's just a state , really . 
  / hums and goes for a fresh spike, 
  you have n't been downvoted for asking questions , you were downvoted for being perceived as a troll , not a honest poster . 
  such perception comes from the fact that this situation is going for a year now and thus people asking such basic questions seem out of place and tend to be assumed malicious . 
  if you are indeed curious : my sources are various western media , like bbc , guardian , new york times as well as some occasional german and polish contributions . 
  there is no single article concerning what you ask for , it was a steady stream of gradual hints and later confirmations of russian military involvement . 
  i could link you to some photos , videos and articles , but if you are curious i advise you to research the issue by yourself , drawing from diverging sources that you trust . 
  all i can say my judgement is not based on , say , hating russia , loving us , being ukrainian nationalist etc. 
  i have great fondness for russia , its people and its culture . 
  but all the information i have so far absorbed points to putin being a dishonest person who instigated and aided a conflict in ukraine because he did n't like ousting of a politician that was close to him . 
  western propaganda , obviously . 
  just making sure !, 
   nobody in lwow believes that poland is going to come and take back their land -_- you seem sad this is n't the case . 
  emperor protects . 
  ah , that , you are right . 
  i read about it . 
  there are multiple issues here . 
  a ) no one denies usa did a lot of bad shit during the cold war b ) this was not really comparable in scale to what russia just did c ) it was more than 50 years ago past us actions do not excuse current russian actions , especially when russia did quite a lot of the same back then . 
  `` oh no , you found our secret resistance headquarters !, 
  please , take this pure vodka that we were just drinking ! '', 
  of course , i do not know you , i addressed your flair . 
  indo-european is a very broad family , different groups can be horribly confusing to people . 
  even nuclear explosions are fun when watched from a sufficient distance . 
  you are being sarcastic . 
  i know , because you have the british flair . 
  yeah , right , because languages like norwegian make so much sense  or polish , to you . 
  i do not deny that crimea is/was a tricky issue , but forceful annexation and invading/causing civil war in donbass is not the answer . 
  if anything , it has hurt any case russia could make . 
   i do not like the rise of propaganda from the usa either . 
  do n't watch fox news and you will be fine  cheers to your wife , i have a lot of fondness towards her motherland and i think it deserves better leaders than tzars like putin . 
  of course . 
  but i think the variance would be mostly in how extreme and how violent the opposition would be . 
  if cuba breaks the guantamo lease , usa invades it , creates a civil war and annexes part of cuba , then i will protest just as strongly . 
  i do n't think he does . 
  i think it all happened due to his miscalculation/rashness . 
  but if he did , he could want a strong nato in order to have a more plausible boogeyman and better rally russians to help keep himself in power . 
  but again , that 's conspiracy talk and even vladimir `` kgb '' putin is unlikely to pursue/achieve such overly complex schemes . 
  hmm , i have read a dozen popular/faq/introductory posts there and it seems more complex . 
  while there is still a lot of misogynist tones there and treating women in an adversarial way seems dominant , there is also a lot of introspection and emphasis on self-improvement . 
  all in all , while still quite problematic , it is by no means uniform and seems like a positive step upwards from the mra-type feminism-blame . 
  who knows , a few more such metamorphoses and it might end up as some kind of genuine male liberation movement !, 
   as i understand the ukraines were protesting in favour of joining the eu prior to all the conflict . 
  ukraine joining the eu might open the door to western influence into the region and us / nato bases closer to russian soil . 
  countries like greece , hungary and czech republic are quite friendly towards russia despite being in the eu and nato . 
  germany and france used to be very friendly as well and plenty of countries were really hurt by having to put sanctions on russia . 
  additionally , before this mess usa was reducing/closing bases in europe and almost all nato countries were constantly cutting their defense budgets . 
  nato was having a serious identity crisis and it is only putin 's actions in ukraine that made it suddenly relevant again . 
  if i was into conspiracies ( i am not ) i could suspect putin actually wanted nato to become strong again .
