  there is responsibility there , even if much of the blame goes to our dear slavic brothers . 
  it was ethnic cleansing , some were murdered , raped or died on the way . 
  it was n't genocide though , as in , it was n't a scheme to murder them , just to rob and exile . 
  right , no . 
  this sub is torn by quite violent forces , some which are reaaallly patriotic . 
  there is some pretty dire stuff getting upvoted , especially in the immigrant threads . 
  holocaust is a specific event , not just a general term for genocide . 
  i ca n't speak for the mod but i wager some people got a wee bit too academic in their analogies to the genocide of the jews . 
  it would n't surprise me , there is often some really bad shit going on in the deeper threads . 
  not hate , just indifference . 
  it is okay sometimes , especially with friends . 
  to each their own . 
  only aging women can dislike football !, 
  of course , it has certain qualities that helped it rise in popularity . 
  still , a lot of it can be ascribed to chance , culture , geopolitics etc. 
  i could easily see many other sports being in its place , if circumstances were different . 
  gang rapes are definitely not legal in india , you know . 
  brexit explained !, 
  `` exciting '' is so subjective . 
  for example , a bunch of horribly overpaid fellows running around a grass field for 90 minutes generally leaves me indifferent and yet a large chunk of the world populace goes positively mad over this . 
  edit : just to be clear , to each their own . 
  everything is bullshit , ultimately , no need to judge people who enjoy different bullshit . 
  plenty of not banned ones out there , more `` free '' than this one . 
  yeah , those fuckers in polish government know full well they can do much more under the radar . 
  on the other hand , it just might make europe more sensitive to violating democratic standards and poland is not as strategically important . 
   it 'd be a good idea to get out of turkey right now i am sure europe would welcome thousands of turkish exiles . 
  cheer up , it will get better at some point . 
  might be still some way down , though . 
  ottoman sultans were also caliphs , so they got divinity points as well . 
  find some different , more free place ? 
  there are dozens of subs with lighter rules . 
  i mean , i greatly dislike the `` love it or leave it '' argument but at some point i just do n't get persisting in a place that you think is so horrible . 
  are you going to sit in every forum you disagree with until the whole internet is free or something ? 
  have n't you visited immigrant/terrorism threads before ? 
  they are a pretty sad sight more often than note , often spammed en masse by less regular sub readers . 
  eh , this shit is fluid , we are all slavinized africans anyway . 
  it was n't like that a month ago . 
  we are having a week of major breaking news every day . 
   the establishment had it coming . 
  thing is , it is the people who will pay the price , not the establishment . 
  they will be perfectly fine . 
  sweet , nice to see it clarified , thanks . 
  that it is a hyperbole that has little basis in reality , though it is understandable people might subjectively feel unsafe . 
  russian roulette is generally considered very risky and suicidal . 
  it is definitely a question of preference but i prefer colder climes . 
  for cold , you can drink hot beverages and put on clothes . 
  for excessive heat , got ta sit in ac or you are screwed . 
  and you might be overestimating erdogan 's penchant for not reading everything as a threat and an insult , heh heh, 
  in this context it will be read like a warning , even if he was just idly musing on the nature of nato membership . 
  the very fact he voices such a possibility is , in fact , a warning . 
  it 's not even about islamists , it 's about not simplifying the world to a few basic shades . 
  same for leftists , rightists , whatever, 
  arguably , his conduct over the years was leading to it all by itself, 
  crises are great moments for major reforms even for non-assholes . 
  jesus , do n't panic , even if the lengthy and arduous negotiations completed , you would need the rest of the eu to agree . 
  no one will forcibly inject you with kebab . 
  ... or desperate amateur schemers risking it all . 
  both work for erdogan . 
  it is perfectly believable they already got the lists . 
  hey , what if erdogan actually hates the islamist movement of gulen and specifically targets it with arrests ? 
  holy shit , that would make islamists not a hive mind !, 
  why wo n't the world be simple !, 
   i 'm a turk born and raised in europe . 
  i think i know a little more than you how my fellow countrymen think and what the current situation is . 
  while you are most likely right in this case , i would n't use this argument much . 
  remember all those turks you know who have utterly false view of what is going on . 
  being born into a nation does not make someone an expert , just makes it easier to become one . 
  either way , yeah , casual observers see it in simplistic ways . 
  erdogan - islamist - sharia - camels and sheiks . 
  just like other neo-imperialists cough * putin * cough , he wo n't conquer shit . 
  it is all about dick waving and oppressing your own people . 
  yeah , erdogan is a pile of steaming dicks , but defaulting to memes is silly . 
  well , they were speaking about the whole country , not just paris . 
  of course it is n't acceptable , my point is terrorism thrives on disproportionate perception . 
  there needs to be a strong response without succumbing to paranoia . 
  actions , sure , lashing out , no . 
  additionally , terrorism will be always part of being alive . 
  this is the last resort of those who would otherwise wage wars and murder millions . 
  the last and flashiest manifestation of violence in a civilized society . 
  well , no , someone can be a drunk driver , lose control of a car , you can be tired , it can be raining , it can be night - tons of variables and random chances , filtered through millions of people and you got a regular boring death toll that is much more significant than terrorism . 
  you can not ever fully stop terrorism , so yeah , people get used to it and we already have gone down this road . 
  attacks shock people less and less , it 's just angers and saddens them . 
  that does n't mean we can do nothing . 
  governments should and do implement huge resources into fighting terrorism and french security services stops plenty of attacks on various stages of preparation . 
  but someone , somewhere , will inevitably slip through because that 's how it is . 
  well , yeah ? 
  `` feels '' like that , sure , even though in reality it is n't . 
  that 's exactly how terrorism works , creates disproportionate fear via flashy horrifying actions . 
  three hundred years of difference matters , sorry . 
  oh yeah , that 's the ultimate representation of that fantasy . 
  thankfully , people do n't generally rely on it to run the government . 
  you will survive and one day it will get better . 
  i really wish the shit times are as short as possible . 
  take care . 
  we survived far worse , no need to curl up and die . 
  well , it was during a coup , a time of things extraordinary . 
  a crucial one regardless . 
  somehow gaddafi was fine in this regard , so turkey will still do . 
  erdogan actually had an opportunity to consolidate the country . 
  the coup was , after all , unpopular even among his opponents .
