  even angela merkel does n't want an `` open borders '' policy or `` unlimited immigration '' . 
  i reject , however , the `` no refugees ever '' policy that eastern europeans seem to love . 
  poland already took tens of thousands chechen refugees in the nineties . 
  chechens are muslims and chechen extremists were known for gruesome terror attacks and for fighting as jihadis abroad . 
  and yet slippery slope somehow did not happen . 
  right right , first we take in a few families , then bam , caliphate . 
   and i reject the notion that it 's only a couple dozen of dead kids so we should continue no problem . 
  we tolerate many more dead kids in other areas of life . 
  singling out terror and refugees as the case that we really care about is a clear indication of simple xenophobia . 
  the latter possibility is vastly overestimated and very cynically used by politicians all across eastern europe . 
  western europe had decades of immigration and have millions of citizens of middle eastern origin . 
  taking in a couple thousand refugees would be a drop in the ocean and a vastly lower risk . 
  sure, 
  no one seriously calculates risk and benefits in such a long-term . 
  but whatever . 
   that is not a possibility or we could have a resurgence of left-wing terrorism or right-wing terrorism . 
  then it would be done by natives , completely indistinguishable from others . 
  recruitment base vastly larger , resources vastly larger , perfect camouflage . 
  my point is : speculation so far into the future is futile . 
  even if you * think * something is likely , it is roughly as accurate as if you did a tarot reading . 
  those elections are the closest thing we are going to get . 
  and i do n't think there is much appetite for referenda in the west after brexit . 
  i am sorry but we have very blurry idea of what * might * happen in 5 years , let alone 10 , 20 or more . 
  shit , with people like trump in charge , even next year looks `` interesting '' . 
  such a referendum would be a fantasy , politically , legally and practically , so we can speculate all we want . 
  you ca n't just `` stop the immigration '' , that 's part of the problem . 
  persisting in such an illusion is what holds many people back from managing the issue better . 
  70 years ago germans were nazis . 
  making even cultural projections so far into the future makes no sense . 
   there 's no reason to assume islamic terrorism will burn itself out in the next 50 years since it has n't done so in the past 50 years . 
  islamic terrorism that we know today did n't exist in any notable form 50 years ago . 
  there was some terrorism by muslims , but none of the globalist salafist bullshit of aq and daesh , mostly national/tribal , like palestinians vs israel and algerians vs france . 
  because they are not refugees/asylum seekers , just migrant workers who mostly still live in ukraine , just travel here for periods of time . 
  most refugees from donbas relocated within ukraine and russia . 
  at least in poland , the populace is strongly pro-eu while being strongly anti-immigrant . 
  i yearn for the day where poles will be forced to finally balance those issues , as they are fundamentally incompatible , and choose . 
  partially because i believe they would ultimately choose eu . 
  but if not , welp , the fallback mode of optimism is fatalism . 
   the eu can now break the eu if this or the next fines are higher than the cohesion-fund . 
  if money is all that binds eastern europe to eu , then perhaps this extension was a mistake . 
  if you see eu like that , then you should really campaign to quit it . 
  really depressing , eh . 
  i have never expected the immigrant issue would be the thing that splits europe yet again . 
  i can see some ee countries leaving eu over this or become heavily marginalized . 
  the fear , the revulsion are as strong and visceral as they are irrational . 
  you just had one in france and the upcoming one in germany will result in merkel . 
   if we had had the foresight to stop muslim immigration 50 years ago , we would n't have to deal with homegrown terrorists or muslim parallel societies today . 
  and you have no idea who will be the descendants of today 's muslim migrants in another 50 years , just like you did n't know half a century ago . 
  unless you believe they are genetically predisposed to terrorism , that is . 
  for all we know , islamic terrorism will probably burn out by then and some other group - vegetarians , perhaps - will take the mantle of terror . 
  any `` foresight '' you might have now is a fantasy . 
  the quiet hope of * so * many posters on the topic . 
  that or `` drop them in the sahara '' of course . 
  it is almost like the world is an insanely complex multi-layered system full of conflicting interests and sentiments !, 
  * `` who could have thought it was so complicated !, 
  and you are also right !, 
   moose limbs [ it 's `` moose lambs '' . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vgoqunrnwhq?t=40 ), 
  you miss the point - not only what you say is only a small part of a complex equation , assigning blame solves nothing, 
  even more amusing is that all of that is true to some extent . 
  and that it does not matter who we assign the blame to anyway . 
  he is a little bitch who is only tough against those who are weak or ca n't fight back . 
  so , business as usual with the saudis . 
  is n't that nice . 
  if only the west could elect some brave soul who will mince no words and [ take a stand against wahabbism and its sponsors . 
  like what ? 
  it 's not like they have any solutions . 
  all you can get from them is either fascist fantasies or things that are already done anyway . 
  and what exactly does trump do against islamic extremism ? 
  [ oh i know . 
  well , yeah , that 's a far cry from `` polls mean nothing '' , though . 
  poles were always the good guys !, 
  benevolently ruling over our neighbors , most of which are/were secret poles anyway . 
   polls mean nothing please . 
  no nation was ever `` the good guys '' . 
  welp , i do n't mind . 
  prefer not to use '' / s '', 
  firstly , i was joking . 
  secondly , racism can be applied to ethnicity and culture just as well . 
  aided by the fact that `` race '' is essentially bullshit . 
  that would be racist . 
  some of them do understand metric . 
  congrats for being the good guys here !, 
  imperial should warrant an autoban on this sub . 
   there is no single successful protest/rebellion that is n't controlled by some 3rd party . 
  and we are done here . 
   they ruined libya please , the civil war in libya started anyway , as part of the arab spring . 
  what west did was help the rebels a bit after they started to lose hard . 
  either way , libya would have been a shithole now , except that it would be nice and proper orgy of rape , torture and murder by gadaffi 's goons . 
   and we do have double standards . 
  thousands are killed there on daily basis people everywhere care more about deaths of people closer to them geographically and culturally . 
  that 's just a sad human quality . 
  all over history , albeit very very veeery slowly . 
  what are reasons for such a move ? 
  haha , duke 's archives . 
  i do n't think he was worried about the court system if he was planning a suicide attack . 
  all burned , killed and terrorised by western support of terrorists but nowhere did we see any outrage . 
  this is not double standards , many people just see the reality differently than you do . 
  you can blame the west for all your problems , sure , if it makes you feel better . 
  this way you do n't have to think about your own bullshit .
