  her presence in the otherwise incompetent and messed-up government is likely a mix of the ruling party not knowing anyone else who knows anything about telecommunications , not really caring about the ministry in terms of power as well as her maintaining a very strict technocratic image over the years . 
  in many ways , the mafia are just very brave businesspeople !, 
  why would you want circumcision to be mandatory ? 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  sack of constantinople . 
  good job preserving christianity , crusaders . 
   hm , not informed much , did they do it for religious reasons or were they just highly religious ? 
  the line was much blurrier in the past , really , and religion was always a cover for politics anyway . 
  even the crusades were conducted by many to increase political power , territory and get rich . 
  it is certainly alive in poland , priests love to bless things . 
  guess the great schism was not that thorough . 
  i always found it utterly hilarious . 
  though it is not as outrageous as we think , as most names have worship in their meaning or are just straight up names of apostles or saints . 
  speaking of latin america , i also love how the name `` maria '' can have a second part denoting a specific marian cult and the resulting name is commonly shortened to that segment . 
  there is a difference between honoring agreements already made and blocking future plans that do not directly concern you . 
  if this continues , brexit will be hard as fuck . 
  which would be terrible for everyone . 
  not saying it is certain doom yet . 
  however , the current government seems pretty intent on eroding democratic institutions and unless the trend is somehow stopped , we are on the way towards much less certain future . 
  of course , if you disagree with such perception and all is great , then whatever . 
  ok , i should n't have talked to you in the first place . 
  poland 's future is probably the most uncertain since 1989 , though . 
  because the posts change the tone heavily under some ( not all ) immigration-related posts . 
  it means that a more or less defined group or groups of posters are only ever interested when there is a very highly upvoted immigration post . 
  and it is not often not just `` opposing opinion '' in those threads , you start to get people ranting on how horrible and incompatible islam is , how cultural marxism destroys europe , `` radical left '' etc. 
  much more than just thinking immigration should be better controlled , you just do n't see it in other threads on this sub . 
   they will remain a threat to civilized europe until the end of history . 
  i agree with the rest of your post , but that 's just stupid . 
  the majority is just mentally in the 19th century , but everyone was a savage once . 
  after a few more self-induced catastrophes , they just might wisen up . 
  i am curious how does putin 's reign end and what happens after him . 
  very likely they will just pick another asshole like him but you never know . 
  some european nations are more prudish . 
  not like americans , but more than the french , certainly . 
  grandma , stop following me to reddit, 
  part of the opposition to eurobonds was the risk of uncontrolled huge debt increase , i think . 
  i am sure they will pivot after elections , heh heh heh, 
  hey , let 's all race on lowering taxes as much as we can , surely this way everyone will be prosperous !, 
  clergy back then did not exactly give a fuck about remaining chaste . 
  and thank god, 
  there were some loud voices , especially around reddit , mainly the trump-brexit-lepen alt-righter type . 
  but yeah , no need to talk about them . 
  yes . 
  voting for such extremists is a fantasy , even if you have actual problems . 
  eh , some did , especially those who hated the eu first and foremost and for some reason saw a 19th century-like europe as something better . 
  no real point mocking them even more , though . 
  and yeah , they were just a toxic minority within leave . 
  ok , makes sense , then, 
  funny , this comic thinks france left the eu as well . 
  guess some lepen fans made it , lol . 
   similar to australia sure , we just need an ocean around us . 
   they will increase even more after one or two more terrorist attacks will happen . 
  the effect of terrorist attacks is not linear . 
  l'otan always cracked me up . 
  if trump is `` the change '' then fuck change . 
  two wrongs , etc. 
  lolol fatpeoplehate lives on . 
  good bye . 
  that is why the law does not make set bmi a requirement but refers to doctors who will take into account other factors as well . 
  except it was n't , the main force was rural and small-town disaffection . 
  the same thing that drove brexit and what helps lepen . 
  common enemy . 
  for all the trumps and brexits , the established narrative in the west is still that of tolerance and international cooperation . 
  that was the hilarious part , that many of those fake news peddlers did it just for money , not for ideology . 
  this reminds me of tabloids who cynically spin every little thing into a huge scandal without regard for social damage or truth , solely for money . 
  i was n't being offensive , really , it is just that at some point the difference of perception is so huge that we would have to debate for a very long time and very likely not budge either way . 
  discussion is not impossible , sure , but often much harder and requires much more focus and dedication than a comment thread . 
  i do n't usually check people 's posting history , but man , i do n't think we will get anywhere !, 
  hey sure , whatevs . 
  i was certain it was academically analyzed long ago . 
  you should have answered to / u/w4hammer instead , as it is him who asked the question . 
  is there a point there ? 
  like , wimmin should not work in such jobs , maybe ? 
  pls , this is some anecdotal situation . 
  as i said , there are many situations where three men fail just as hilariously . 
  they were always quite euroskeptic anyway . 
  and there can be more than one reason for the relations to worsen . 
  inertia from the time when gender truly defined social roles . 
  that is exactly why nowadays we slowly try to make it all more neutral , despite all the hilarious opposition . 
  edit : or maybe not . 
  linguistics are funny and long-reaching . 
  almost everything modern civilization does is `` unnatural '' , sorry . 
  turkey caliphate in 10 years you heard it here first, 
  also morale , preparation and support . 
  we are a technological civilization , not cavemen , brute force is only one of the factors , not necessarily the biggest . 
  plenty of stories where 3 policemen could n't detain a single man as well . 
  physical struggle is not math . 
  eh , english is much more than just uk . 
  we * need * a common language and no other language is even close to attempting to replace english as one . 
  yeah , that was my impression and i am not even very familiar with juncker . 
  he just likes to joke/troll at times and/or can be drunk . 
  europe !, 
  is it actually maintained ? 
   i expect to be downvoted for this please do n't use this phrase , god dammit . 
  you are better than this . 
  there is nothing simple about society , it is always a complex interconnected organism . 
  there is always some kind of enforcing of ideas on others , whether you like it or not . 
  welp , it is never that simple . 
  you really should n't do the opposite of what annoying people want you to do and just do what you think is right . 
  every idea , regardless if good or bad , has some followers that miss the mark this way or another .
