  that does n't make any sense . 
  no wonder sweden is passive-aggressive about the whole case , when assange paints it as some banana republic that will pack him up and hand over to the cia in five minutes . 
  you just do n't take it seriously because in germany you naturally trust institutions  at least more than in most other places , with those other places often being much more corrupt and much more dysfunctional because people do n't trust the police , the courts or think only idiots pay taxes . 
  haha , on the contrary . 
  this is the kind of silent patriotism that prevents corruption , tax evasion etc. , thus being one of the reasons why western countries are so great . 
  yeah , i know the origin . 
  still , today it could be used in the `` wrong '' way , i suppose , as the bad associations are almost century past . 
  i am probably ignorantly touching the sensitive topic of german patriotism and its expressions . 
  i know you had many , many years of debates about this . 
  har de har , i love orgy jokes in a gang-rape thread, 
   for law to act like it is supposed to . 
  hey , let everyone be a judge !, 
  germany fuck yeah !, 
  incidentally , is there a german phrase for this ? 
  `` deutschland uber alles '' comes to mind , but it might be frowned upon , i suppose . 
  and then their brothers send your brothers into emergency room ? 
  so whoever has more brothers wins ? 
  do n't you think it is a bit , i dunno , tribal ? 
  in my opinion , straw-man arguments should be banned in the rules , like they are in some subs . 
  they are ridiculous and unhelpful , regardless of the `` side '' they take . 
  people should directly reply to other users or quote politicians etc. 
  there is no point in constructing an imagined statement of an imagined left-winger/right-winger and savage it . 
  that just creates echo chambers , with long chains of posters patting themselves on the back . 
  fun , surely , but boring and useless . 
  people in his imagination do, 
  and rightly so . 
  find/make a sub where people paste it 24/7 . 
   also , does anyone know why it 's so much more common for the middle class to live in apartments in europe , even in the suburbs ? 
  in addition to what other posters said , we now got used to it . 
  some people need to own a house , but most are fine with living in apartments , which can be quite spacious and luxurious as your wealth goes up . 
  also , owning a house usually means having really nasty commute to the town proper , coupled with inability to do anything without a car . 
  what about balmora ? 
  can you explain further ? 
  exiting eu , nato and hugging putin is a biiig deal from my perspective . 
  it essentially destroys the world as we know it . 
  ehh , le pen is less dumb than trump , but that just means she can effectively implement more of her extremist ideas . 
  well , poles will not vote to imprison themselves within their own borders . 
  been there , done that , 2/10 . 
  well played !, 
  hence the brain drain . 
  welp , ca n't blame specialists fucking off west . 
  i am an opponent of the 500 + law ( monthly cash for a second and further children ) , but it was also bemoaned as preventing people from taking the shittest jobs . 
  egads , people do n't want to work for a bowl of rice !, 
  communism came back !, 
  i was kidding , sorry for not being more obvious . 
  i hate when people paint turkey as islamist . 
  i was being sarcastic , but i hate the / s tag , so here we are , 
  turkey = sharia . 
  ask anyone . 
  edit : my grandma confirms , and so does my facebook feed so it is 100 % right . 
   initially my hope had been that a uk outside the eu could peacefully co-exist with the eu . 
  i think this view was/is shared by the vast majority of leavers . 
  however , on observing the reaction of the eu since we voted to leave , i wonder if that is really possible . 
  it might be the case that either the uk will survive or the eu will survive , but not both . 
  uk playing on eu disintegration would be a wonderful uniting factor . 
  remember to make an alliance with russia , too . 
   our opposition are a bunch or retards too busy with their own internal squabbling while the electorate is either `` boycotting '' the election , or coming in and stealing \\ damaging ballots . 
  not to mention the fact that putin 's crowd is not beyond infiltrating opposition , taking over and making it a real pig 's breakfast . 
  heeeey let 's not go that crazy , i still live there !, 
  though i agree with the general idea - rejection of western europe more often than not simply puts an east european country in the russian sphere of influence . 
  good riddance , i say . 
  if eastern european loyalty ends at checks , then such a union is not worth pursuing . 
  eu could help such countries as outside buffer zones , if necessary , but no need to include them in the wider project if they have such aversion towards it . 
  as a staunch left-winger , i find this kind of attitude despicable in any shade , be it leftist or rightist . 
  no single school of thought has `` solved '' our reality , we need to have differing ideas in order to progress . 
   stop apologizing for being alive , like previous gov did . 
  do n't worry , the current government is bent on insulting and alienating absolutely everyone . 
  because sovereignty is measured by the amount of chest hair . 
  fun fact , nuclear-powered ships also use steam engines . 
  they just heat the steam using a reactor , instead of coal . 
  i am really sad for that tugboat and i am glad it does not feel pain . 
  i hope the crew feeds intravenously , as well . 
  yeah , supposedly you should n't pull the horse like that . 
  but , hey , it 's a kid . 
  she was probably being dumb and not fully understanding the ramifications . 
  15 year old , eh . 
  though obviously there should be some consequences . 
  no , fuck orban, 
   religious people in the third world will just out-breed the irreligious ones in the first world . 
  religious uneducated people always outbred the educated more rational ones . 
  nothing new there . 
  progress comes to their children too , even if in small doses . 
  please , continental labeling is entirely arbitrary , especially between europe and asia . 
  eu countries might not want turkey but basing it on a `` continental '' criteria is stupid . 
  i disagree . 
  the world in general has been becoming less religious , more rational , more peaceful over time . 
  it is a very slow process and prone to serious setbacks but it is there and it marches on , everywhere . 
  progress . 
  also , true trains make smoke, 
   and since like 30 % children in western countries are raised by men that are n't their fathers ... 
  this likely includes adoptions , raising children from previous relationships etc. 
  actual infidelity is a minuscule part of it . 
  nope , it is based on [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mustafa_kemal_atat%c3%bcrk ), 
  sanctions are a political tool , they can be done for whatever reason . 
  myself , i was n't advocating fabrication and neither did the poster you replied to . 
  i do see , though , a huge amount of bullshit and extreme manipulation that is directly tied to russian foreign policy and its aims . 
  i agree . 
  i just disagree with painting rt as a more or less typical news outlet . 
   it has an agenda but so do many other news outlets . 
  few other news outlets are essentially a mouthpiece of its government .
