  there was already a good name for it :p https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostlegionen, 
  surely law enforcement can adjust . 
  this is nothing criminal organizations have n't done before . 
  but does all this islam antipathy go anywhere ? 
  very often on reddit there are pretty energetic circlejerks of how terrible islam is but it is so barren . 
  what do you want to do , build a wall in mediterranean ? 
  no it is n't . 
  knows the truth . 
  well , the media would photos of those dead no matter who was targeted . 
  they are a conduit . 
  but yeah , terror goes for maximum terror , welp . 
  but apart from all that silly trolling , do you have an actual point ? 
   police arrested two family leaders in croatia , who were accused of leading one branch of the operation . 
  seems like it is working somewhat . 
  just report comments that you think are offensive . 
  they are generally disliked in europe , so it is bound to pop up here as well . 
  why ? 
  my hint was marble-tiled villas of some old fucks who oversee the whole thing . 
  i find it a bit tongue-in-cheek but it does make sense . 
  remember that male leaders often paint themselves as father figures , so it is logical to give merkel a motherly quality . 
  i instinctively wanted to write an almost exactly identical answer , even including the `` dude '' part . 
  which i found weird , as the english do n't seem particularly anarchic to me - quite conformist , even . 
  who could have thought that cultures are complex !, 
  and that is fine , it is your right and you should vote . 
  people like you can pressure the party to be less archaic just as well . 
  either we care about politics or politics will take care of us . 
  even if they win , it matters how much opposition they encountered . 
  high losing opposition result will encourage next elections , political change , party leadership etc. 
  many of them and that 's a good thing . 
  fptp is horrible but you still need to vote . 
  if anything , it later serves as data as to how unrepresentative fptp is . 
  if people stay at home because they are in safe seats , it all looks like it is fine . 
  i like how similar to america this is . 
  you never know when you will have to fight a guerrilla war against your government . 
   i watch several late night talk shows see , that 's not guaranteed . 
  many people are just not into politics at all . 
  a mistake , in my opinion , but what can you do . 
  most people do n't follow politics too closely or at all , outside of the elections . 
  it takes time and effort for some of that to filter down . 
  he was in uk for a year , including in uk custody , before he fled to the embassy . 
  if the us wanted to get him , they had plenty of time . 
  ethnic cleansing is never good , even if the nation is `` guilty '' . 
  expelling germans was a crime just as well , hitler or no hitler . 
  he imposed the sentence on himself , without trial . 
  even if he was tried and found guilty , he would probably went free much earlier . 
   we had assange in custody . 
  the usa could have asked us then , but did n't . 
   assange was in the uk for ages before he committed any crimes . 
  again , the usa could have asked for him in any of those months . 
  i have no idea how many times i wrote the very same comment over the years . 
  rejection of basic facts is exasperating . 
  ironically , now that trump is in charge and sessions is secretary of justice , i am not that sure usa wo n't try to get him . 
  good thing assange waited all those years for obama , the guy who let manning free , to leave office just to be replaced by a guy who wanted assange hanged . 
   they wanted to get him into the usa . 
  assange was in uk * for a year * before he lost his appeal and fled to the embassy . 
  if usa really wanted to get him , this was a much better option . 
  unless you are trying to suggest that uk is a lesser ally than sweden , bwahaha . 
  i mean , they just spy with the us on the world and go to wars together , so idk . 
  it is much more complex than that . 
  while probably almost all of melenchon 's supporters are `` socialists '' ( or communists , even ) , many self-defined socialists would still support macron . 
  ps has n't been very `` socialist '' for a while , and so many of their supporters might not be ones . 
  on the other side fn has a lot of social-oriented ideas , they just want to limit it to the native white french . 
  and even among those french who are not socialists , `` socialist '' might not be necessarily a dirty word like it is in usa . 
  the french have generally a different opinion , heh heh, 
  the british and the americans are probably laughing and crying at such remarks . 
  in their systems , they are seemingly forever stuck with one the two major parties and their only option is to fucking like it . 
   you do n't really believe that , so you can stop pretending . 
  hey i can also say what other people think !, 
  eh , they are shades of the same thing . 
  as to your second point , note that most rural french who voted lepen often did n't have much contact with foreigners either . 
  neither are turks , iranians and many arabs , especially levantines . 
  racism is fucking stupid . 
  sure , immigration is a problem , but most people realize far right has no real solutions . 
  i am sure you like romas and romanians , then !, 
  i agree it helped them , but i disagree it was decisive or really that important . 
  a billion jobs for poles abroad is our right , but zero place for brown people in our country . 
  nothing tribal there , no sir !, 
   the polish perspective has gained in popularity consistently the last few years nah , marine lepen lost and afd has no chance , sorry . 
  they were n't ousted for it , specifically . 
  they were weak , with terrible leaders and the whole political scene fragmented for other reasons . 
  nowoczesna was the main killer of po and razem was the main killer of sld , neither of which was caused by migrants . 
  ah , but here you are entering the realm of discussing actual measures . 
  the problem is the stance of much of eastern europe is `` no brown people ever '' and you just ca n't build on that . 
   i voiced elsewhere that the posturing on part of pis is politically daft . 
  externally , yes , i have been saying the same . 
  however internally , they get a lot of points for `` but at least they keep the dirty arabs out '' and that is what matters most . 
  they do not care much about the world outside their village . 
  no , pis won the majority because of the fragmentation of the opposition . 
  po essentially split in half and the left killed itself out of parliament . 
  neither of these things had anything to do with migrants . 
  k , just please do poland next . 
  eu will not save poland from itself , but some pressure on the ruling fuckmuppets would be nice . 
  autocrats scaring people with dirty foreigners so that you vote for them is probably the oldest tricks of ruthless rulers . 
  congrats on falling for that . 
  welp . 
  there are many turks who hate erdogan , many poles who hate kaczynski , even many russians who hate putin . 
  but as long as they are allowed to remain in power , we will suffer the consequences of their rule , internally and externally . 
  sucks , yeah . 
  if ee wants to reject liberal democracy , it can fuck right off . 
  she truly is a national treasure and a kind of miracle .
