  so you see them as some kind of monolithic alien race hell-bent on murdering you ? 
  well , perhaps you really should invest in guns , then . 
  people majorly disagree on culture all the time . 
  i do not know how one can solve the problems highlighted but you certainly can not expect them to integrate if you treat them as second-class citizens who are only ever allowed your point of view . 
   well , i sympathize with these countries , but the fact of the matter is , without muslim migration these terrorist attacks would n't be happening , so let 's not do the same mistake in our countries . 
  eh , italy and greece did not ask for it either . 
  with those refugee numbers ( highest globally since ww2 ) it is almost impossible to prevent the flow into these countries . 
   that 's solely because the only proposed solution so far has been mandatory quotas . 
  which is completely unacceptable . 
  i disagree . 
  but anyway , there is a eu summit on refugees in malta going on now ( or the first part of it ) . 
  they are supposed to talk about this stuff . 
  i would hope for the polish delegation to have some ideas other than `` no , fuck you '' , except they did n't even find time to get there . 
   merkel literally said numerous of times that germany will not impose any upper limit on migration . 
  please do n't be disingenuous . 
  it was a political statement concerning legal limits , though i agree it could have been interpreted as `` open borders '' . 
   what ? 
  the loss of control came exclusively from germany and sweden completely bucking under the weight of their self-imposed policies . 
  we said from the start we wo n't take these migrants , so you ca n't pin that on us at all . 
  you represented one extreme of the view . 
  you just think you are completely right , but it does n't change where on the spectrum you were . 
  if there was some pan-european cooperation from the start , we would n't see this disgraceful festival of countries juggling streams of people . 
   if you think it is good news for britain no . 
  i am simply saying it is n't the apocalypse people paint it as . 
   they have zero respect for `` gorrah '' . 
  in my hometown it was unsafe for women after dark , they would beat people for being white and sometimes they would make the mistake of thinking my house was muslim and would drop extremist propaganda through our letterbox . 
  and this is pretty fucked up . 
  but we were talking about terrorism . 
  it is a long way from being a violent bigoted racist motherfucker to being an actual terrorist . 
   but your allusion that not admitting muslim migrants is akin to `` entrench ourselves in our ancestral village '' is a laughable strawman argument . 
  i was talking about the `` not our problem '' mentality . 
  it is a problem for other eu countries and has been a problem for countries like greece and italy for * years * now . 
  of course , support can take many forms , but so far the eastern european contribution to the matter has been `` lol , fuck off '' . 
   do n't push for dangerous open borders and unchecked migration . 
  no one ever pushed for that . 
  germany and sweden were strawmaned to hell on this topic . 
  they simply wanted to take more than the others but the limits always existed . 
  the loss of control of the issue came exclusively from the eu countries having drastically different ideas and the polarized climate preventing moderate voices from being heard . 
   it does when you 're a muslim supporting sharia law in a western country , it is inherent to achieve such aims that you will displace the local culture in entirety . 
  not really , they just want more of their culture in your culture . 
  they can have this opinion , if they want . 
  there is a long way between `` i wish everyone only ever had sex in marriage '' and `` i am gon na shoot up a cafe '' . 
   i 've never once heard them advocating the death penalty for homosexuality . 
  neither does sharia . 
  not saying sharia is n't a load of backward medieval bullshit , but let us not paint it as something false . 
  additionally it is n't even some set strict code - like all vague mystic crap , it has tons of highly divergent interpretations . 
  why do we even want to be part of the european union , if we want to entrench ourselves in our ancestral village and only give a fuck about our neck of the woods ? 
  unless we do n't want to be . 
  if so , then to each their own . 
   yes we should help , but financially , in the region . 
  i would love that . 
  but european countries did not do it , are not doing it , will probably not do it . 
  so the situation exploded and here we are . 
  being a dumbass religious conservative ! = being a terrorist otherwise poland would be a hotbed of the latter . 
   exactly , the problem is out there , not in our countries . 
  let 's not import it . 
  eh , that is what we fought about the war in syria `` oh , the problem is so far away , let them kill each other '' . 
  welp , it made everything worse . 
  i do n't know what will happen , but europe taking a number refugees is lowering the pressure in other vulnerable countries and might be the thing preventing , say , a civil war in turkey or lebanon or jordan - which would make the current bad situation even worse . 
  now , again , i do not say we are obliged to take refugees . 
  but i disagree that we can just close our eyes to the world and that everything will fix itself on its own . 
   fortress mentality works . 
   god i 'm so glad my countrymen think almost exactly as i do and not as you . 
  i am certain it can work for smaller countries . 
  i am not being patronizing here , i really think it can , in some situations . 
  but when we are discussing european politics , i disagree . 
   overstated maybe , but france is significantly less safe than czech republic or even poland . 
  i want to keep it that way . 
  neither poland nor czech republic would become observably less safe for accepting thousands of muslim refugees . 
  poland actually did it with chechens in the nineties ( most went on to europe , but thousands remained ) and yet we did n't suffer from islamocalypse . 
   and actually , it completely solves the problem . 
  not really , the problem is out there , that 's just hiding head in the sand . 
  not that eu is solving it either at the moment , but fortress mentality provides only an illusion of safety . 
   because without them , we 'll be much safer . 
  no we wo n't , for many reasons . 
  first , the muslims who are already in - sometimes for centuries - are perfectly able to generate terrorists . 
  you only ever need a few for a terrorist attack . 
  second , the threat of terrorism is greatly overstated - which is not surprising , as that is exactly what terrorism is about . 
  the acts are flashy and horrible , but they are very minor and rare in the face of any european society . 
  sure , people * feel * less safe but statistically they are not less safe . 
  the key is to act on calculation , not emotions . 
  defaulting to being a pack of scared animals solves nothing . 
  oh excellent , i bet this will calm all the other muslims in the world and totally not make the jihadist recruitment skyrocket . 
  of course . 
  but extending the blame onto everyone else fixes nothing . 
   you ca n't prove that yes we can , as soon as we know they are syrians , they are almost guaranteed to be victims of the shitty situation in syria . 
  orban is still dumb , sorry . 
  one out of hundred thousands . 
   begin to act against it . 
  and do what , exactly ? 
  yes , that is why it is called `` not safe for life '' and no one should click it unless they really know what they are doing . 
  but even this has degrees . 
  ( i did n't watch the vid ), 
   so what chance does france have ? 
  terrorist attacks are a weapon of the weak . 
  they are flashy but they do not threaten the foundations of the society , as long as the society does not decide to do something horribly stupid . 
  i also sympathize , but sadly `` something '' can very easily make things worse , especially when said `` something '' is emotional and extreme . 
  and that 's exactly what jihadist ideologues want . 
  seriously fucked up . 
  nope , this was obviously prepared for months or years .
