  hmm  our father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name , thy kingdom come , thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven . 
  plenty of christian-majority countries with terrible state of human rights too . 
  additionally , most of the refugees are from syria , which was one of the most socially liberal muslim states before the war . 
  what you depict is islamic extremism . 
  it is an error to claim muslims are by definition extremist just like it is an error to claim christians are by definition extremists . 
  the bible has plenty of conflict-inducing elements and they have been used for war in europe for centuries . 
  i have said all i needed in my first reply to you . 
  you can continue to claim knowledge of a complex future and i am sure you will continue to do so . 
  yes , because obviously there are only ever two extreme choices to any problem . 
  i want a common european agency ( or a coherent framework ) managing refugees in the eu/schengen area . 
  refugees from troubled regions should be distributed across the eu and provided aid . 
  purely economic migrants should be filtered out of the refugee crowd and deported if their countries are safe . 
  whatever you do , many migrants will come and many will stay . 
  you can not keep them out , so they should be managed orderly . 
  they are not managed orderly now . 
  sounds like you have solved planet , humanity and everything !, 
  those disagreements sound exactly like those with , say , muslims . 
  of course they do . 
  climate and populations are very different beasts with different dynamics . 
  you can not just put them next to each other like that . 
  the prediction that africa 's population is going to rise does not say anything how will that population accommodate . 
  believe it or not , but migration is not the first choice of most people . 
  just fyi , your comments got broken at the `` what are your favourite and least favourite things '' part, 
  you have some proposals of that `` non-empathy '' thinking , perhaps ? 
  actually , it is the reverse . 
  remember when syrian war started ? 
  i kept hearing `` haha , stupid arabs are killing each other , let them '' . 
  well , look how that `` non-empathy '' thinking turned out . 
  what do you propose , then ? 
  making a big fucking wall spanning a continent , perhaps ? 
  shipping people into a desert ? 
  yes , it is scaremongering . 
  it is making long-term apocalyptic sociological predictions . 
  i keep hearing `` wait wait , in 30 years there will be no european civilization '' - well , 30 years ago people had no idea how 2015 will look like . 
  neither do we know now how will the situation look in 30 , 20 or even 10 years . 
  i love religious criteria . 
  make me feel like my part of europe really did progress to 19th century . 
   in before this post `` vanishes '' . 
  strawman much ? 
  do people who are not anti-immigrant , in your mind , approve of everything they do ? 
  no one approves of murder . 
  it is just that not everyone brings such tragedies up as a proof of whole groups of people being inferior . 
  murderers are murderers . 
  or do you want to strawman something ? 
  by now , brits do n't even remember that poles were supposed to be a problem !, 
  i mean the crisis in your tourist destination . 
  well , shit happens , that crisis was n't wanted by anyone , including the refugees . 
  you said you do n't want '' ` multicultural ' mess with no semblance of actual culture left '' and provided examples of paris and london . 
  paris and london are not a `` multicultural mess with no semblance of actual culture left '' , not even close . 
  your own reasoning contradicts itself . 
  to be clear , i meant polish tourists doing that  are you certain they were n't polish ? 
  maybe russian and polish tourists behave similarly , slavic pride and all that . 
  calling those outbursts `` politics '' is a bit of an overstatement . 
  usually just insults at this or that group of people . 
  my faith in french ultras is saved !, 
  i have no doubt what polish banners would be . 
  they were virulently racist and xenophobic long before this crisis , i have no idea how can they escalate from that now . 
  of course not all and i would n't be surprised if they are a minority . 
  still heartening . 
  i know plenty of polish tourists go there as well and i do hear horror stories about them . 
  then again , it 's not like they leave the hotel anyway , too busy being constantly drunk and gorging themselves on `` free '' all-inclusive food . 
  no , just do n't be an asshole about a local crisis . 
  what are the sides again ? 
  us vs them , perhaps ? 
  yeah , i suppose . 
  they could also coat all the wood with some non-flammable substance or something . 
   because upon returning to my home country in a few years i want it to be the same country it was when i left , not some ` multicultural ' mess with no semblance of actual culture left . 
  that is not what happens in western europe . 
  paris and london , while affected , are not what you describe . 
  `` no semblance of actual culture left '' ? 
  what kind of fantasy is this ? 
  the fears you outline are idiotic , sorry . 
  you follow an apocalyptic vision that just does n't base on any other thing than emotions . 
  sort of inevitable with wooden churches , i suppose . 
  and now we are hunting a jewish conspiracy ? 
  this sub really went downhill recently . 
  no , it is defaulting back to xenophobic idiocy . 
  for opportunistic `` neutral '' outliers , perhaps . 
  not for the subcontinent main . 
  some countries may leave , the general thing will live on . 
   ( unless you are of the opinion that these people should be sent back to syria or the bottom of the mediterranean sea ) this actually seems to be the predominant opinion in every bigger immigrant thread in this sub now . 
  scary or depressing ? 
  both , i suppose . 
   stop pushing a false narrative . 
  this is especially funny with the comment author apparently claiming to represent `` the people '' and being sure what they think and what they want . 
  sure hope for mature discourse sometime soon . 
  is hard when so many people are frothing in xenophobic frenzy , though . 
  let 's hope leaders prove to be leaders , for a change . 
  seems like there are brigades/influxes in those immigrant threads . 
  i really hope mod team knows wtf they are doing . 
  they just ight be overwhelmed , though . 
  eastern europe , so happy to take european coin but suddenly uncooperative when there is a need to help with some `` dirty arabs '' . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  and yes , the above criticism does include my country . 
  oh oh `` left extremists '' !, 
  someone has to do something !, 
  wtf is with xenophobes and projecting decades into some imaginary apocalyptic future ? 
  2050 is in 35 years . 
  35 years ago it was 1980 and no one - fucking no one - knew how would 2015 look . 
  omg they will drown us in their babies,
