  they do n't care about bias , they just wish most media was sharing their views . 
  shit , in poland we already have an alt-right/far-right/dumb-right rule and they keep complaining about unfair media , even though they turned the state tv into their propaganda tube and have a dozen very sympathetic newspapers , weeklies and radio stations . 
  but no , they are the eternal victims . 
  yeah , french voters have now been shown twice that someone like le pen can win if they do nothing . 
  this * should * motivate them enough . 
  what about those kids from macedonia ? 
  you have a lively trump fan club there ? 
  but clinton, 
  this . 
  if skillfully approached , one can sow a seed of doubt in them , allowing it to germinate later . 
  but they wo n't admit it any time soon . 
   something reddit cant reddit is not one group or person . 
  hey , you just generalized just like some people generalize kurds !, 
  quite a dichotomy , eh . 
  on one hand , kurdish people have spawned radical left-wing movements , with actual female combat units , on the other hand they can be extremely conservative . 
  i would imagine some kurdish girls flee to the guerrillas exactly due to how oppressive their families are . 
  nah , most countries suffered . 
  even if a country was strong , it had to engage in economic warfare against many of its neighbours and be always well-militarized . 
  these tensions eventually led to actual shooting wars , but even without open warfare it was an unfriendly place full of volatile powers that hated each other . 
  i believe we need to have a vision of the alternative before we make a revolution . 
  breaking the system does not fix anything just by itself . 
  no one denies we have a problem , now . 
  but escaping into fear , hate and tribalism does not fix any of that . 
   so the question is weteher change would be negative europe tried being a continent of proud , sovereign nations for centuries . 
  i do not wish to explore it again . 
   more likely this change is inevitable no such thing as inevitability . 
  trump and brexit victories might look , to some , as some kind of unstoppable march , but there is no rule it has to escalate . 
   will make the transition more severe . 
  to what , exactly , do we want to transition to ? 
  back to 19th century ? 
   we 're facing growing inequality , social infighting , economic stagnation , dogmatic suppression of the rural and working class and greying societies , something is going to give way . 
  this is true , but nationalists do n't seem to propose sensible solutions , apart from blaming foreigners and immigrants . 
  i mean , brexit had no substance whatsoever and trump has no actual policies even now . 
  which is important , as outside events diminish it . 
  yeah , trump and brexit won on much more than just anti-immigrant sentiments and terrorism fears . 
   and people will rejoice . 
  yeah , but not for long . 
  the alliance of nationalists is , by their very nature , temporary . 
  once nationalist forces defeat those oppressive leftists , they will turn against each other . 
  that 's just part of their definition . 
  was n't mlp against eu and nato membership ? 
  her win could be the final nail in the coffin of the west as we know it . 
  had n't both aznar and zapatero become rather unpopular at that point ? 
  it sure can , but they learned to be careful about them !, 
  if you ever want to invade again , this is a good time . 
  it is never too late . 
  but it is sad to see people going backwards like that . 
  look what you made us do !, 
  this is the internet , everything is known . 
  and frankly , your underwater one is much more interesting than the one it the thread photo . 
  it is terribly kitsch and stands on a field in the middle of nowhere . 
  waste of time , money and skyline . 
  yup , russia has been always playing on europan disunity . 
  sad to see how much of european populace falls for it . 
  and so nazi rocket science comes back to the fatherland . 
  canadians are too alien , they will never integrate . 
  it 's not like i have much love for the cult of christ either . 
  huge statues are just cool , be it jesus , mohammad or hitler . 
  [ there is one doing exactly that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christ_of_the_abyss ), 
  it is a pity islam bans idolatry , you could have a huge fucking statue of mohammad over your blocks . 
  with favelas n ' shit . 
  you were both excellent . 
  there is still hope for the west !, 
   if shit hits the fan here , the us will have to intervene anyway . 
  that 's one the main reasons why us is global nowadays . 
  they wanted isolation but the world kept spinning out of control , dragging them in anyway . 
  all hail gottkanzlerin mutti, 
  she is younger and women tend to live longer . 
  who knows !, 
  probably `` we are screwed '' for the last hundred years . 
   the butthurt such vocabulary is usually a good indicator of the comment 's worth . 
  thanks for putting it in the front . 
  i am not worried about a shooting war from any direction . 
  but a trade war would be ugly and terrible for everyone . 
   do n't actually change anything so far as cc is concerned . 
  not physically , no , but it would be a strong signal politically . 
  trade war is terrible for everyone , but at some point we ought to stop rolling over in the face of climate change denial . 
  might be true , but it is an interesting - if dangerous - idea that might be picked up by others . 
  and those ideologies would be what ? 
  `` take all the muslims , reject all the christians '' ? 
  pontic greeks got teleturkported to greece , were n't they . 
  there are some heavily assimilated remnants , i think . 
  also , i disagree with such strict understandings of `` european '' . 
  categories are just guidelines , culture is blurry and interconnected , no matter what fervent patriots say :p, 
  this is wonderful , but i am not sure why did you link in this context :d, 
  ca n't hear you over a completely arbitrary and imaginary cultural border !, 
  fun fact , if anatolia , or part of it , remained greek , it would be totes 100 % europe today . 
  welp , shit got politicized too much . 
  that is what you get where various countries fight over words . 
  you got turk 'd !, 
  nah , we are just reshaping it into a glorious caliphate . 
  there are actual neonazis in almost every country , though in many they are an extremely small minority . 
  they are even neonazis in israel !, 
  thanks , russian immigration !, 
  a lot of `` normal '' people are just politically dormant and can awaken in all kinds of directions . 
  and they look asian !, 
  mind blown from many angles . 
  iranians are a very mixed bag - ruling theocracy and religious countryside vs worldly urbanites . 
  and they are not arabs , they are persians .
