  already being done by pis , if that 's your worry . 
  eh , it is very easy to call everything that is to your left `` leftists '' and many leftists do consider other parties as `` neo-liberals '' . 
  political polarization kicks in , welp . 
  far-left usually means actual marxists , communists etc. 
  razem , while definitely left-wing , define themselves as social democrats and are more moderate than parties like syriza . 
  though of course what you consider `` far '' is relative and often very subjective - see the problems with defining politicians like trump or lepen . 
  pis definitely has different ideas about the shape of democracy . 
  they reject what we consider `` liberal democracy '' that is the norm in the west , which is decentralization of power , rule of law , checks and balances etc. 
  they might want some kind of democracy , but it is not the kind of democracy the west practices . 
  additionally , kukiz 15 does have some korwin followers and nationalists , who are not great fans of democracy in general . 
   is n't there a deeply rooted distrust of policies that people will perceive as a planned economy with a high degree of state involvement ? 
  it is quite funny , as nominally there is . 
  and yet , a lot of people actually grew up in communism and remember its better parts with nostalgia . 
  many argue that the ruling party is , in fact , recreating much of the old communist state and plenty of people are fine with that , even if they vocally hate the left , post - communists etc. 
  there were a few awkward scenes in the polish parliament where both sides were chanting `` down with communism ! '' . 
  the governing party because they consider themselves right-wing and anti-communist by default regardless of actual policies while the opposition because of said de facto recreation of rather central and state-heavy systems , authoritarianism or in some cases actually including old communists as useful zealous converts . 
  eh , frankly we have no idea how will our political scene look before next elections . 
  the governing party is very , shall we say , courageous about changing our country and the opposition has serious issues . 
  it is quite possible that this will benefit razem at a later point . 
  i am not being overly optimistic here , i really do think the political situation is unstable enough that lesser parties can get their openings . 
  how it will go , we ca n't know . 
  they sure can fizzle out , especially if any of the main opposition parties get their shit together and ~ ~ executes its leader ~ ~ adopt some more effective strategy . 
   and just how many of those roads needed to repaired after a year or so ? 
  roads require regular maintenance , welp . 
   what about the allegations that high quality materials were being stolen and being replaced with low quality stuff ? 
  there is a lot of rather strict control during the construction of a road . 
  relevant fellows take samples of the layers and order a remake if they decide the result is sub-standard . 
  i am not saying everything was fine and dandy , but we really did have a lot of real road building expertise put into our infrastructure . 
   to be honest , with coal we do n't have to worry about our government bungling yet another project like they did with our roads . 
  what ? 
  we got pretty great roads now . 
  po had many many flaws , but if anything it was the roads that are their greatest success . 
  we really do have a lot of quality routes all over the country , they were n't here 10-15 years ago . 
  a question of definitions and the modern crop of nationalism is almost always exclusionary , directed against `` the others '' . 
  see trump , brexit , lepen , most of the the rest of european nationalist right . 
  yup . 
  poland either had its head in the sand or was outright proud of its `` black gold '', 
  no , it is not the nature of things , it was the nature of ancient systems , the volatile world and creating countries via conquest . 
  our nationalism is not misdirected , because our nation is naturally better !, 
  we are the exception and all the others are nasty upstarts . 
  `` do n't listen to their gobbly talk , all they mean is `` kill infidels '' or something '', 
  hah , i meant cameron . 
  he was glib and terribly eloquent but the way he constantly insulted corbyn - whom i am not a great fan of - got old . 
  really felt arrogant and aristocratic . 
  * predictions * gave him low chances , actual polls for the actual election were quite close and were off only slightly . 
  i do n't know , i found it rather predictable after a while . 
  not much substance either , just constant attempts at unbalancing the opponent . 
   doesnt fly here as well as it would in other countries do not get complacent . 
  fear is universal , we live in the age of national self-harm . 
  what is the schulz reference about ? 
  did he say some of these things ? 
  it is an r/de thing , is n't it ? 
  can you please explain this sub-thread ? 
  i get the `` high energy '' as a trump quote , but little else . 
  yes , well , you still exiled a lot of people just basing on their ethnicity , just like the poles did . 
  that 's ethnic cleansing and it is neither funny nor something to be proud of . 
  not sure it is linear . 
  i would n't be surprised if this ~ ~ cancer ~ ~ interesting cultural phenomenon spread across the slavic world in parallel ways . 
  it is not relevant , because the myth is about authoritarians like mussolini being horrible but `` at least making trains run on time '' . 
  and , well , swissland is not authoritarian . 
  yeah , polish trains are surprisingly reliable for their price and subsidy level . 
  they can be terrible at times , but they could have been much much worse . 
  woah , the trains in poland can suck hard , but they sure are stellar considering how relatively little money we pump into them . 
  it is a myth , though . 
  authoritarians were not that great at managing such things either . 
  well , we just do n't know . 
  he obviously had his differences with his government , so he quit . 
  hey sure , no one seriously thinks that uk will fall into sea or something . 
  what we do think is you shot yourself in the foot and will have to expend a lot of effort to keep it steady . 
  but we will see . 
  while astounding uk short-term success is not in eu 's interest , neither is uk going through an excessively long crisis . 
  ultimately , we will likely remain allies , possibly very close ones . 
  meh , nothing to be shocked about . 
  i was very much against brexit , but eu is ultimately a voluntary organization . 
  uk chose , most europeans have by now internalized this choice . 
  some schadenfreude will be had , though , you did choose a hard path for yourselves regardless of eventual success or lack thereof . 
  one might argue this moment is much more critical . 
  in november , the process is likely to be well on its way , he quit just before they started . 
  yeaaaah , to me brexit is dumb , but this sub-thread was not exactly an enlightened rebuttal of the uk system . 
  one would think the french would invest in burn-proof cars by now . 
  definitely . 
  sexist culture has always been perpetuated by both sexes . 
  that is why being a woman does not give any special powers when disagreeing with feminism - women themselves are feminists ' biggest battle . 
  the swiss did it out of goodness of their hearts , because they have direct democracy . 
  so it goes . 
  culture spreads , be it classical music or tracksuit thuggery . 
  our chavs probably got inspiration from your chavs . 
  probably the brave throwaway poster deleted their throwaway account . 
   we deserve this , we were abandoned western europe is not eastern europe 's parents , though . 
  that comes close to pretty dangerous ideas that western europe owes the east all kinds of things for betrayal old and new . 
  that they should pay , accept all our migrants and fuck off culturally . 
  if they saw it in any way similar , they would have never agreed to expand the eu . 
  this is also the foundation on which eu might one day contract - either through disintegration or through unification of the western core . 
  nah , these are attempts to make trump more uncomfortable and possibly force him to assume saner poisitions . 
  he is the only one who can delegitimize himself - if he acts half as crazy as he speaks , eventually his own party will impeach him . 
  `` looks '' is a keyword here . 
  the facts are that usa had very good reasons . 
  putin fanboys , trump fanboys . . the two groups are in large part interchangeable . 
  fools are those who fall for putin 's maneuvers . 
  admiring glib tactics , ignoring the actual issues .
