  must be, 
  i would have more empathy if the west was actually hostile to russia and if russia 's idea of `` influence '' was n't promotion of corrupt kleptocrats and tyrants . 
  in my mind you guys have a bunch of ships full of angry bearded fellows with battleaxes . 
  it was n't a `` neo-nazi '' takeover . 
  far-right groups were present among the maidan movement , but they are a minority . 
  there were also no organized or widespread acts of violence against ethnic russians . 
  i do n't like these elements , but they are no basis for an invasion . 
  i agree with you and i do n't like it either , but this is no basis for partitioning a country . 
  i believe their power is disproportional due to the revolutionary nature of the government - extremists , after all , are often the first to fight and are the most anti-establishment . 
  it is also no surprise that svoboda has some following , as extreme parties always gain during crisis - consider the recent rise of far-rght across europe . 
  still , unless the ukrainian government collapses entirely , i believe they will do everything to contain and/or eradicate any far-right accents in their midst . 
  on this hinges support from the west , which is the only hope that country now has . 
  if they fail , it will cause a bloody civil war and a russian intervention . 
  west did not start that war . 
  it only finished it . 
  also , their morale would quickly drop after they start actually dying . 
  it is possible when you are fighting over a bunch of hills or a valley . 
  in terms of nato against russia , we are talking about fighting over whole sovereign countries . 
  things would quickly escalate to the global level . 
  this is true , no treaty is a guarantee . 
  but nato is a much closer alliance than any historical ones . 
  additionally , even a single eastern-european nato country would be a nightmare for russians to take - they are not ukraine , they have functioning armies and they would not allow russians to just walk in . 
  on the other side , russian federation is not a ussr with millions of peasant slave-conscripts to just throw into the meat grinder . 
  russian soldiers would die in large numbers and domestic pressure would cripple or destroy putin . 
  well , they are still murderers in my eyes , even if they did n't give a specific order . 
  `` democracy '' in many post-soviet countries , including russia , is hardly fair . 
  people like putin and yanukovich use huge amounts of resources , their domination of the media and their influence in workplaces to manipulate elections in their favor . 
  while their might enjoy a degree of genuine support , their democratic mandate is tentative at best . 
  you are right !, 
  the country needs help . 
  i suggest a large russian peacekeeping force . 
  you would be right in a stable non-revolutionary setting . 
  there is little establishment yet and likely everyone is extremely sensitive to any abuses at this point . 
  also , for ukrainian government squelching and gradually removing nationalistic elements is a question of survival , seeing as the west is their only possible ally now . 
  they are nasty asshats and ukrainians had better cordon them off or get rid of them altogether at the next opportunity . 
  but it is still horribly blown out of proportion and , as you said , used as propaganda . 
  and judging from internet reactions to such situations , quite a successful propaganda . 
  it is interesting to see how it plays out . 
  this issue will have to be sorted this way or another . 
  idiots like those caught on camera are sweet sweet fuel for putin and his apologists . 
  yeah !, 
  we must get rid of all the fascists , communists and terrorists !, 
  in other words , the bad guys !, 
  it is my impression that the ruling russian elites are not that hasty to kill people nowadays . 
  sure , deaths will happen if they are angry enough - see magnitsky - but they will first explore all other venues . 
  and , as they own the country as well as have nigh-infinite resources , there are many options . 
  hell , even with magnitsky i think they did n't directly intend to kill him - they simply mistreated him very badly and no one expected it would blow up internationally like that . 
  assets can still be frozen on the sole basis of politics . 
  no need for criminal considerations . 
   heavy sanctions against russia will cause antagonism to every cause the western countries want to pursue ( iran , syria maybe even north korea ) and possibly cause more territorial aggression to any country between the eu and russia . 
  the problem is , many - if not most - russians have been always stuck in this mentality . 
  the west has been friendly towards them for at least 25 years now and yet it is in russia that the cold war mindset is preserved most . 
  so , perhaps time for some stick for a change - or at the very least much much less trust . 
  western meddling is nothing compared to the extent of russian meddling in ukraine . 
  also , i would n't mind that much russia extending their dominance , if their target government model in all their vassal states was n't a kleptocratic monarchy/oligarchy . 
  really ? 
  a true judo master , her . 
  they got to have * something * . 
  probably a bit larger than the faroese one :p, 
  that 's why i am talking about putin , not russians in general . 
  i know only some of them are assholes . 
  very interesting , did n't know that and it does make sense . 
  still , i feel like russia is actually doing them harm by being `` concerned '' about these folks in the context of their ukrainian campaign . 
  of course , russia never cared about its people past using them as pawns and cannon fodder . 
  according to [ this nyt article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/19/world/europe/south-ossetia-crimea.html?hp&amp;_r=0 ) , south osetians are already forgotten . 
  it was my impression that he always favored russian language over belarussian and wanted some kind of union with russia . 
  but i have n't followed him recently , perhaps he turned more belarussian after a few quarrels with putin that he had . 
  then i hope you have plenty of military stationed there just in case . 
  yeah , that 's just bullshit . 
  they think they have bullied the west and so they flex their muscles . 
  but reality is , they have already lost on most fields . 
  that would be the kind of asshattery that putin would do . 
  estonias will not stoop that low . 
  yes , well , what would you expect . 
  we are basically talking war here . 
  estonians would not stand idly and allow `` unknown soldiers '' drive/fly into the country . 
  even if estonia was without any support , remember that it is not ukraine . 
  ukraine is a borderline failed state , with economy and institutions rotten to the core . 
  small or not small , they would not let russians just roll over them . 
  this is a huge cost , but it is not something eu would allow itself to be blackmailed indefinitely with . 
  almost nobody cared about ukraine in the first place . 
  estonia is a different thing entirely . 
  still great , despite all the current crap . 
  the reason to go to war was stalin . 
  he was a bona fide warmonger and would have attacked europe during the cold war , if not for the nukes on both sides . 
  of course , pure speculation past that point . 
  way too many variables . 
  i know how red army motivation worked . 
  and i know about the help , although i am not sure if they would have needed it , if germany did n't not invade ussr like they had . 
  they lost millions fighting hitler . 
  with hitler defeated earlier and with bigger effort by western europe , they would probably suffer much less losses and march on for france etc. 
  that is why it is important they reduce their military as much as possible first !, 
  he is in many ways screwed in his relations with europe . 
  before this mess , countries that opposed broadening ties with russia ( usually eastern eu members ) were usually perceived as unable to get over the history . 
  now , russia will be obstructed at every point and many countries will explore multiple ways to become less reliant on it . 
  `` shorter second world war '' can be easily read as a `` better '' scenario , hence my reply . 
  it was n't a proper treaty , though . 
  and yeah , putin knew the us and uk wo n't raise a finger . 
  if he is lucky , even the economic impact will be negligible , seeing as most of europe is intent on rocking the boat as little as possible . 
  we do n't know if it would have been better - it is likely to have resulted in a much stronger soviet union , potentially endangering the whole europe .
