  not to say they are wholly irrational , but it is unhelpful when part of their reality is hijacked by superstition . 
  yup , some people will go for the simple answers . 
  i just hope their numbers fall below election-deciding threshold . 
  yah , well , but religion . 
  muslims are n't exactly special there , except for their temporal distortion . 
  no one said they are n't a bit backwards in some respects . 
  i think it is more about radicals becoming more radical and more visible . 
  i believe current spike in muslim terrorism is a positive thing , as it is repugnant for most . 
  isis , for example , is hated quite universally . 
  they get volunteers , but they are outliers , not mainstream . 
  they are harmful , in many ways . 
  in short , they are anti-rational and thus hamper progress in various areas of life . 
  they wo n't die , though , but will be limited to some niches/communities . 
  religion will stay with us , yes . 
  but not in the dominant position . 
  riiight , except it very much applied to crhistians until recently and still applies in parts of the more religious countries , like america . 
  yeah , but you ca n't make people not fear a guy spraying bullets in the street . 
  okay , unless it is america , they are apparently fine with that . 
  welp , radicals do that . 
  i kind meant recent history . 
  anti-immigrant sentiment is very strong nowadays . 
  oh , okay , brown people are just dumb etc. 
  so , let us say , charlie hebdo massacre happens . 
  and then we , what , just move along ? 
  post some `` wanted '' posters ? 
  this is exactly how the bodycount would increase . 
  same is actually for car crashes , actually . 
  if people realized how dangerous those metal boxes are , they would be less moronic while driving . 
  that 's unhelpful . 
  isolationist xenophobic stances are common in europe now but they are caused by actual issues . 
  i would n't say they dominate this sub either . 
  arrest them . 
  review their asylum applications if they have any . 
  terrorism is much more than the sum of deaths it causes . 
  it is also the paralysis that it causes in the society , economy , life in general . 
  that is why it is `` terrorism '' and not just `` murder '' . 
   just we shall tell them to get back , they have no permission to get on our territory and they say they can not . 
  what now ? 
  shoot them ? 
  let them starve ? 
  hah , i was thinking some kind of european intervention there might start looking attractive at some point . 
  this is an entirely different can of worms , of course . 
  no they wo n't . 
  if people were as malleable , europe would have become fascist years ago . 
  well , that is obviously not an easily identifiable trauma , in terms of pointing out who was a fighter . 
  i am not a gun dude , but from what i understand it was a method of identifying hiding fighters in previous conflicts , like chechnya . 
  ak47 , as i understand , have quite a kick and you often shoot them in , shall we say , heat of the moment , using sub-optimal stances . 
   my point is , how much of this threat is actually beneficial to governments and their agencies ? 
  while no one denies that government security apparatus can benefit from paranoia , arguing it without having a decent indication of conscious intent leads straight to `` 9/11 , inside job '' . 
   actually , let 's not keep it that way , because exaggerating threats and diminishing the negative effects of modern day surveillance would be a tragic mistake . 
  the opposite is also quite true and is well indulged in on reddit in general . 
   petru and his new party . 
  oh , interesting , did n't know . 
  i am generally more leftist , but i welcome any party that can actually do math . 
  while every current party is generally `` pro-market '' it is not backed by any kind of thought , they just feed various lobbies that manage to reach them or throw populist bullcrap . 
  yeah , those are possibilities , but is really too hard to see how they play out . 
  kukiz just might gather steam , pis might start being triumphalist , po might realize they have to get their shit together etc. 
  so many variables , it will be quite interesting . 
  i do n't think razem is that radical , they seem , at least for now , much more rational than `` down with the system , jobs for all '' . 
  but , of course , it is too early to tell . 
  they might fizzle or they might embrace idiocy . 
  still , there is some potential there . 
  and i do n't mind them having 5 % as long as they are a constructive minority and not a palikot . 
  not necessarily . 
  pis might come strong but it can also be weakened if duda does something stupid as a president or kaczynski comes out of hiding and starts loudly spouting his bullshit . 
  po might have been dealt a mortal blow , but it can also be , yet again , rekindled by a strong pis and its bullshit . 
  kukiz 's party , if it comes , might weaken po but might also weaken pis . 
  sld and palikot will hopefully politically die , thus providing an opportunity for some fresh left-wing option ( [ like this ! ] ( http://partiarazem.pl/ ) ) . 
  last but not least , there is always a chance psl wo n't qualify but that hope died many times before , so no bets here . 
  in short , things might remain the same . 
  but it can also be drastically different !, 
  and most of poles , who consistently say our country is sooo shit and broken etc. 
  i think parliamentary elections might be much much more interesting and possibly hopeful . 
  at this point it is really hard to say what will happen . 
  more like a criminal of some sort . 
  well , if someone wants to copy breivik then they fear nothing anyway . 
  also means nothing . 
  breivik was/is crazy , he expected to die . 
  people who commit serious crimes either do n't care about the consequences , are too stupid to understand them or assume they wo n't be caught . 
  no one thinks `` ok , i will only sit for 25 years in prison instead of being executed , sounds cool '' . 
  i do n't think he can ever be fully trusted , but if he does , indeed , completely change - which can happen over decades - then i see why ca n't he be re-admitted . 
  revenge means nothing and it will be 20-30 years down the line at the earliest . 
  well , as good as dead for most purposes . 
   none of the `` great '' powers are in a situation where nukes act as deterrent for war now , i am not a specialist here , but i would be surprised if nukes are not figuring in russian calculus about messing around with a nuclear-armed nato . 
  if not for them , they could test nato borders and harass the weaker members much more . 
  sure , no one will launch nukes in defense of estonia , but there is a clear path of escalation that could easily end in a nuclear standoff . 
   nukes destabilize the middle-east , with israel and iran . 
  i think middle east was doing great at destabilizing itself long before nukes entered the scene . 
  the threat of iran getting nukes might also make the relations with us a bit less hostile and thus maybe help calm the situation . 
  of course , i am not optimistic about anything that happens there . 
   they pose a big problem to peace between india and pakistan . 
  if india will intervene in pakistan , it 's because of fears over who there controls the nukes . 
  but is n't it only in the case where pakistan disintegrates ? 
  with pakistan being in such constant mess , i am not certain nukes make it anymore bleaker . 
  well , except the bigger potential for explosions , but i think we are still due for a localized nuclear exchange before we , as humanity , get our nuclear shit together . 
   so ( in my assessment ) we are at a point where nukes do more bad than good . 
  of cause this was very different the last ~ 70 years . 
  but still , the development is dangerous . 
  as i said , it is an irony to me and may i also stress that i said they are `` the greatest '' as in , all other ways are even less effective . 
  nukes are by no means a solution by themselves .
