  uk out of eu will still be deeply vulnerable to what happens on the mainland , it will just have less control over the situation . 
  i mean , you are not launching into outer space , are you ? 
  are you ? 
  that would be cool as hell , btw . 
   the whole ` racist elderly people ' is a divisive and unfair meme . 
  there is also `` racist ignorant chavs '' :p on a serious note , such generalizations are not excellent . 
  yes , it is mostly xenophobia , in the classic sense of the word . 
  they appear scary and alien , most poles want exactly zero of them admitted . 
  even small numbers are supposed to multiply rapidly and spawn terrorism . 
  that would be monumentally stupid , trump-like rhetoric that would be harmful for everyone . 
  i am glad your establishment is saner . 
  eu can live without the intel . 
  it would , however , be seen as an actual betrayal . 
  quitting eu is one thing , but we are still all in nato and part of the west . 
  opposing things like islamic terrorism is what binds us and trying to bargain with it would be disastrous for our relations as well as quite self-destructive . 
  i just do n't think anyone will go for such rhetoric , not much to win there , a lot to lose . 
  i think the argument is islamic immigrants are of worse quality . 
  poland even says that we get tons of ukrainians so we should n't take any of them nasty syrians . 
  that would be utterly disastrous for uk-eu relations . 
  i do n't think it could be a meaningful bargaining chip . 
  i really do n't think anyone is crazy enough to use counter-terrorist cooperation as a bargaining chip . 
  it would be a lose-lose situation . 
   i hope poland and germany sort their stuff out together . 
  not under this government . 
  these are paranoid nationalists , who would ideally build their own empire . 
  how do you become a millionaire ? 
  you work hard , you save money and then you inherit your millionaire father 's fortune . 
  no longer funny , post-trump !, 
  same as with trump , a guy who literally has golden furniture . 
  he started in brooklyn , with just one million dollars . 
  man of the people . 
  farage is . 
  he has everything double , as he is a rich fuck . 
  i think it has more to do with fptp in the uk . 
  i hear ukip got a lot of votes , farage should have probably been elected in proportional . 
  poland can into antarctic !, 
  politico is a mixed bag , though , is n't it ? 
  i saw them being much more sensible , perhaps they are just imprecise here . 
  what 's with those bigly words ? 
  sad !, 
  looks actually quite ominous , heh heh, 
  the liberal part of us press is pro-eu , though . 
  certainly now , heh, 
  hey , she can genuinely believe this is the best way for france . 
  makes her even more dangerous , this way . 
  at this point macron probably had his campaign burn all the hard drives and delete all email . 
  i hate putin , but there is nothing inherently wrong in offering a major switch of national alliances . 
  at least she is very open about her orientation - being secretive about it has been causing serious headache for trump and his team . 
  and still , few people really expect trump that have actually colluded with russia , but being dishonest about the relations makes it all look bad . 
   it is a bit like becoming a monster to prevent that others transform you into a monster . 
  many seem to fantasize of a `` war against islam '' or at least widespread religious persecution . 
  that this would create violence higher by orders of magnitude and would make europe a hell-hole does not seem to concern them . 
  at best short-sighted , at worst horribly dangerous . 
   we are at war with islam and we should respond accordingly . 
  yeah , go bomb mecca , see what happens . 
  the perpetrators of terrorist acts are often killed on the spot and islamic extremists are being bombed all over the world . 
  who else would you want to kill ? 
   but the world is not black and white and this does not mean that we are damned to doing nothing . 
  we are far from `` doing nothing '' either . 
   to reduce these attacks we should stop letting people in who believe in that ideology . 
  that 's nice , the guy from the london attack was born in kent . 
   is multiculturalism really a sustainable model ? 
  there is no such model , it is a huge right-wing straw-man . 
  immigration was managed in a diverse and often haphazard manner , differently in different european countries . 
  quite often it was just ignored . 
   is it our right to destroy the future of our children and their prospect to live in a european country ? 
  yes , white race must be destroyed . 
  you ca n't blame is on the us , really . 
  while the situation in iraq contributed , the main explosion was the arab spring , something the us had nothing to do about . 
  unless you believe putin , that is . 
  he is a blowhard , but like with all important blowhards , his statements are useful as political ammo, 
  who the fuck pretends anything . 
  not saying `` it is islamic terrorism '' until it is confirmed that it is , in fact , islamic terrorism is not `` pretending '' , it is just being careful about one 's proclamations when faced with incomplete information . 
  it does n't matter if it gets confirmed as such , with an event so serious a degree of certainty is required . 
   so many other europeans are in denial give me a break . 
  not jumping to conclusions until facts are settled is not `` being in denial '' . 
  even now it features bloodthirsty barbarians roving the land in toyotas . 
  it is funny how all those kleptocrats who love to plunder and destroy their own countries , are somehow more than happy to have a stable , safe haven for their monies . 
  same with many other things . 
  your education is shit because you ca n't be bother to improve it ? 
  send kids to a western university . 
  your country ca n't produce anything of quality ? 
  buy western luxuries . 
  need actual healthcare when your citizens are dying from preventable diseases ? 
  vip hospital welcomes you . 
  sadly , nordic was rebuked [ by virgin mary . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jasna_g%c3%b3ra ), 
  the victims are necessary , the map has to be pretty . 
  we thank them for their sacrifice . 
  but what about soros ? 
  fuck brigades that upvote such posts . 
   merkel 's the real `` anti-trump '' if you 're asking me . 
  they are both deeply `` anti-trump '' . 
  fuck you , germany , for having non-horrible political choice , unlike almost everyone else . 
   regime change tactics in syria uh , cia did not cause arab spring . 
  what you are following here is essentially putin 's narrative , hope you realize that . 
  well , it is not being `` used '' at the moment , it 's just some remark by juncker somewhere . 
  nothing new , really , only noticed by eu-focused places like this sub . 
  thank god for eu . 
  it seems like people always want to come back to death penalty , especially when its that time of the week when they get outraged by some crime .
