  if only they worked harder , magical market gods would help them ? 
  seems like it is crucial to self-deprecate in order to create meaningful supranational unions . 
  ca n't do it when you are too busy waving your flag and thinking you are the hottest shit ever . 
  i am sure there are some angry finns in rovaniemi complaining about how everything south is brown people . 
  no downward trend continues endlessly . 
  one day your country will start getting saner and who knows where that ends . 
  stay safe . 
  and no , you are not responsible for the decisions of your idiot leaders and millions of your misguided compatriots . 
  beer have been getting much better in the last 5 years or so , with craft beers having a huge surge in popularity , at least in the big cities . 
  `` traditional '' brands of polish beer ( like tyskie , \u017bywiec , warka ) is/was various shades of piss . 
  liquor is probably just cheaper , not better . 
  unless someone is a vodka conesseur or something . 
  i was overly hostile , sorry . 
  i just do n't care about going in depth . 
  i do n't disagree , my reply was tailored to a post that went to an extreme , likely due to strong anti-eu sentiment . 
  many anthems used to be just songs before being an anthem became part of their identity . 
  deal with it . 
  the pacific just got a tsunami alert , heh, 
   i was awake for five minutes when i wrote this no commenting before breakfast , god dammit !, 
  fish people of the black sea . 
  you are not exactly fostering positivity yourself, 
  it can be much , much worse . 
  but of course , we have already forgotten , gold fish that we are . 
  yaaa , let 's dissovle into a squabbling mess of a sub-continent again . 
  when did it ever cause any problems , i ask ? 
  i am still in favor of taking in refugees , but it has to be done properly and orderly , preferably on the european level . 
  nah , i got a nice freelancing job for soros . 
  it can not possibly go the same way , not with how the information space looks nowadays . 
  even the chinese can partially censor the internet and they do try really , really hard . 
  you claim familiarity with the times of iron curtain and yet you do n't see the difference here ? 
  communist governments monopolized all information and banned anything they did n't like . 
  this is an entirely different world . 
  the are two sides to it . 
  on one had you have the risks of excessive government control , on the other you have the perspective of total informational chaos and a `` post-truth '' era where the most convincing are `` right '' . 
  creating an authority that verifies events and strives to remain impartial makes sense . 
  putin good !, 
  muslims bad !, 
   may i ask why not ? 
  because it does n't ban any news . 
  if you think the mainstream media is lying to you , you can just continue reading your truthaboutmerkel facebook fanpage . 
   i do wonder if people would have initially branded the cologne attacks as `` fake news '' when some shocking news arrives , i always ask `` source ? '' . 
  i will not believe it if i see it only on some shady facebook fanpage , i will check reputable mainstream sources . 
  whatever your political slant , the are mainstream sources for you . 
  `` only my facebook fanpage brings the real news . 
  subscribe to againstleftisteurope now ! '', 
  how clever !, 
  i just do n't see how it would change anything . 
  revenge is empty and base . 
   will reflect poorly on german police if it turns out that he just hopped on a train out of berlin . 
  even during a terror alert they do n't just shut everything down . 
  lots of people are actively searching for him but citizens still move around the place in large numbers so it is always possible a suspect escapes . 
   it is not about resocialization anymore , it is for us to feel good . 
  maybe i am weird but i do n't feel better for torturing people , even quite evil . 
  and prison , even civilized , is a kind of torture already . 
   poland * aldi nord nooooooo, 
  i am not at all sure it is linear . 
  part of the european populace was naturally susceptible to anti-immigrant/anti-muslim rhetoric and they have already swelled the ranks of afd , fn etc. 
  a horrible terrorist attack is nothing new now and as such it will likely have diminishing returns . 
   this is the danger with using vague wording like `` rigged . '', 
  yeah , it was used by trump months before the election . 
  dems were/are not saying the election itself was rigged , but whatever . 
  whatever . 
  just get on with it . 
  no further delays , please . 
  `` the election is rigged !, 
  oh wait , we actually won , nvm '', 
  many possible scenarios . 
  could have been an angry citizen or an islamist commando . 
  invade turkey through poland . 
  my point was europe did not have a coherent policy , be it multiculturalism or otherwise . 
  many people seem to say it was the case . 
  no , it was a purposefully outlandish example to illustrate how ridiculous ideas about `` a conflict between the west and islam '' are . 
  i do not deny it was all a big mess . 
  i simply reject the idea of europe having some kind of overarching `` multiculturalism '' policy . 
  the closest major muslim nation , historically a powerful symbol of the conflict between christian europe and islam . 
  i hope i was clear what i think about any such notions . 
   multiculturalism there was never any kind of consensus on this . 
  a lot of segregation or assimilation , actually . 
   a future conflict between the west and islam . 
  how would you envision such a conflict ? 
  invade turkey ? 
  segregate the population according to faith and/or skin color ? 
  emotions or no , there is no reasonable way of `` snapping '' at such events . 
  stay reasonable , do n't become a frightened animal . 
  nothing ends unless we die ourselves . 
  we need to persevere , stay sane and , against all odds , work to ensure a stable and safe future . 
  conspiracy, 
  well , police is relatively easy to infiltrate , is n't it ? 
  there are a lot of them . 
  or it could have been just some ordinary fellow who started to work as police normally and later got recruited/radicalized . 
  it refers to call outs by newspaper salesmen long ago . 
  edit : and to the fact that such an event would mandate a special `` extra '' edition of the newspaper . 
   a casus belli this is not a grand strategy game , nor even a period those games depicted . 
  yeah , a hundred years ago in a vastly different world . 
  turkey can control most of the damage if they are seen as working hard to explain this , mend the fences etc. 
  ca n't stop all attacks and turkey is suffering from a lot of them recently . 
  `` never '' `` always '' . 
  such long-term commitments . 
  and so often discarded eventually . 
  plenty of things we consider normal used to be `` never '' once .
