  yup . 
  i am left-wing , i can not numbers or logic . 
  legal , yes , but they do n't claim they * need * it . 
  the protection is as much cultural as it is legal . 
  also , a 2-shot magazine enforcement would make america revolt . 
  and somehow your hunters do n't need ar-15s for hunting !, 
  like it makes any difference, 
  it looks weird on reddit , when much of the police news is from america where they just shoot people dead instead . 
  counter-terrorists win . 
  almost no country is `` gun-free '' . 
  but every foreign country is `` gun-free '' in the minds of american gun right proponents . 
  americans calling ignorance on guns , that 's just delicious . 
  geography arguments are rather pointless . 
  continents are in large part a matter of opinion . 
  turkish occupation does not make something geographically asian, 
  no one will listen to your whining for some years , though . 
  wacha gon na do , have a vote every summer ? 
  grexit is also an option , if you want it, 
  eu is soft - complaints . 
  eu is tough - complaints . 
  oh please , v4 the savior of europe , give me a fucking break . 
  compared to polish pis politicians , cameron is a bastard child of juncker and rompuy . 
  it is much more than some simple scapegoat politics , there are fundamental differences in how they see governance , democracy and international relations . 
  because of all the very bad press they got over the years , i thought they would fizzle out . 
  `` traditional '' religions get away with their bullshit because they can claim they have been here forever and so i hoped scientology would be more vulnerable . 
  sadly , humanity rarely fails to disappoint . 
  what they want is not the key factor here . 
  how we treat our most important neighbor is . 
   is n't as antieuropean/antiunion as people are thinking nowdays . 
  listen sometimes to what they say about it . 
  really . 
  which is funny , as the current government would totally leave the eu if they could . 
  they are culturally incompatible . 
  i look forward to the next time poland needs money from germany . 
  `` hey , remember when we needed help and you said it was our problem and we should fuck off ? '', 
  yeah , it is a phobia at this point . 
  because even the british often fail to do it correctly ? 
  i am surprised scientology is still a thing . 
  still more than any alternative power , historical or modern . 
  they suck , but they are a step forward nonetheless . 
  so , you consider us government to be a genocidal regime that should be removed ? 
  that 's a very simplistic way of looking at the world . 
  40s included one of the most brutal conflicts in history , you know, 
  and you think that decision had nothing to do with us public opinion or its government ? 
  seriously now . 
   actually the cia has absolute independence from the us government . 
  why then the rendition ever stopped ? 
   also then if geopolitics are messy and the world is not friendly why do most ee have so much hate for russia ? 
  because for all the crimes usa did , russia is even worse, 
  you suck less than possibly any other major power , be it modern or historical, 
  not saying cia was exactly stellar in its history , they did some terrible things during the cold war . 
  but geopolitics are messy and the world is not friendly at all . 
  cia is at least regulated by a nation that has some conscience and thus their actions will be always more limited than those of a secret service of any alternative power . 
  rofl comparing usa to soviets . 
   thousands of innocent people getting tortured every day that 's not what happened . 
  why are you allied to usa , then ? 
  or to any other country that has a robust intelligence agency ? 
  cia rendition programs were not meant to instill fear in the populace , though . 
  yes , checked it , it is just youtube . 
  no censorship on hbo . 
  yeah , this thread is full of weird people !, 
  why would you limit yourselves so :d, 
  while the situation is awkward by default , it does depend on how the woman reacts , i think . 
  if she acted uneasy , i think they would just stop . 
  groups of drunk football fans are by default a bit risky , but these guys did a lot to make it seem fine . 
  weed is also decriminalized in czech republic and yet you do n't see people dying in the streets or getting into heroin en masse . 
  yet our politicians still strongly believe all drugs are bad mkay . 
  our politicians are horribly ignorant . 
  they barely know what the fuck is happening in poland , let alone in other countries . 
  well , part of the blame goes to the youngest voters who genuinely might not remember 2005-2007 in politics ( or similar crazy shit in the nineties ) . 
  i guess they will fucking learn now , it is a pity others have to suffer for their idiocy . 
  then again , said others failed to create an education system that molds responsible democratic citizens , so i guess fuck them too . 
   and in the case of the sunnis there is no central authority to have a moderating influence . 
  this did fuck all for poland , though . 
  even when we had omg a polish pope , poles listened mostly to what they liked and ignored the parts they did n't . 
  for example , john paul ii was a stern enemy of death penalty and yet it remains very popular in poland . 
  he also did a lot to reconcile with other religions and yet today poles think islam is teh devil , not to mention a louder anti-semitic fringe . 
  and do n't even start about pope francis , that crazy commie antichrist false pope . 
  there are many similarities . 
  the main difference is erdogan wants to be the sultan of mankind while kaczy\u0144ski prefers to be the wise grey eminence that everyone answers to . 
  the leaders of those countries could easily be best friends . 
  sadly , they are also huge dicks and do n't like even people similar to them . 
  it 's been a while so it might be a different perception , but in the nineties we got tens of thousands chechen refugees and no one really cared . 
  i think today they would not be as welcome , though . 
  well , there are some neopagan nationalists , but they are a fringe of a fringe , i suppose, 
  poland has one black dude and we move him around to wherever we need to claim as more tolerant !, 
  they would make great allies against atheists , leftists and teh gays , though . 
  seriously , we are done here . 
  you have your preconceptions , fine , but you are resorting to ad hominem at this point so i see no reason to continue our interaction . 
  no , i did not say that . 
  what i am saying is gmo is disproportionally penalized due to non-scientific biases . 
  countless others threaten global food supply . 
  like all that stuff that causes climate change or all the equipment that allows overfishing and extinction of countless species or all the invasive organisms we introduce willingly . 
  singling out gmo as some magical doomsday virus is pandering to anti-scientific ignorance . 
  most technology is inherently risky process . 
  i might be fine with heavily limiting gmo if humanity took any care at all in other areas . 
  as it stands , the anti-gmo crowd is selectively restrictive to the point of irrationality . 
  essentially throwing out the whole field is plain stupid and anti-scientific . 
  yeah , the anti-gmo crusade is really putting me off the green crowd . 
  rejecting a whole wide field of technology is purely ideological .
