  also a bargaining chip , if there is a need . 
  i have stopped caring a while ago . 
  brexit would be painful to everyone , but for now i just want you to make a fucking decision either way . 
  i am happy you got it all set now , but you can not deny tories were dragging their feet . 
   just a matter of money money is crucial to live , for whatever reason . 
  in most countries you mentioned even locals are often struggling , so it is rational to go where they have a better chance . 
  this is not fifa , who can enforce their own law in countries they operate . 
  yeah , i am no fan of facebook but it seems like they are being singled out for being huge . 
  i have been using noscript for years now , but i have recently discovered umatrix and switched quickly . 
  the ui is better and you can block stuff in more detail more easily . 
  not really , there is plenty of nationalist youth who are not like hitler jugend . 
  i do not like nationalism , but i recognize it can ( and often is ) be expressed in neutral or positive ways . 
  all is not lost , though it did look quite ugly at some point . 
  it is not even altruism . 
  the refugee crisis destabilizes many other poorer countries and raises risk of regional conflagrations . 
  taking some pressure off is good strategically . 
  it should be more orderly but well , it is a crisis . 
   nope , we 're all racists lol , he did n't say that , but ok, 
  i am quite surprised they got a fellow from lewiatan as one of the ministers . 
  i mean , okay if that is what they want , but they sure look quite schizophrenic . 
  well , if you believe russia is satan himself , bent on killing as many brave poles as possible any way possible then yeah , it might make sense . 
   who were a suspect see , that 's part of the problem - i find the whole notion of russians doing it ridiculous . 
  they had neither good enough motive nor did it make any sense for them to do it so crudely over their territory on an official state visit . 
  no one has even created any plausible theory for how would anything but an unfortunate human error make sense at all . 
  do n't know him and i personally do n't like his political history - mlodziez wszechpolska , zchn . 
  buuut , i have no reason to actively dislike his service yet - he has a relatively clean slate compared to the likes of ziobro , macierewicz and gowin . 
  who knows , if you say he is competent , he just might be a more positive element . 
  that was not my impression . 
  and i also think we already had a real lawful investigation . 
  but , well , either way it is ancient history for most people . 
  though not the ones who now govern , heh heh, 
  stre\u017cy\u0144ska in the ministry of digitalization !, 
  she is an apolitical expert of some reputation . 
  the only bright spot in this mess !, 
  i bet they simply did n't have anyone more political who could even fake knowing anything about teh internets . 
  they would not choose someone as un-affiliated otherwise . 
  i did n't expect them to be as stubbornly dumb . 
  i mean , it 's not even that i disagree with them - most of the names are people grossly confused and incompetent . 
  the amount of foot-shooting will be glorious . 
  he is a dude who specialized in tracking corruption that somehow only ever occurred in his political enemies . 
  i am sorry , but the conspiracy crowd is insane . 
  no amount of rational arguments or proof could do anything for them . 
  polaaaaand stroooooonk, 
  more like `` fuck plenty of places the creator is ignorant of '', 
  not an ukrainian , just an observer . 
  seems like it is a stalemate . 
  neither side can force the other to do whatever and there is little appetite for fighting at the moment , so , well , a frozen conflict . 
  somali pirates have been contained and marginalized for years now . 
  it was n't a mistake , because there was no coherent policy in the first place . 
  this whole mess came from the fact that europe ca n't get its shit together as a whole and pursued wildly diverging policies in the face of a crisis . 
  do you prefer ragnarok or st. john 's apocalypse , though ? 
  archangels with trumpets are cool , but maaan , fire giants !, 
  i agree a lot of the mechanisms that bind us together are quite resilient and there is no real alternative to a united europe - a bit like democracy being the worst , if not for the fact the we have nothing better at the moment . 
  problem is , the current crises heavily draw on emotions . 
  euro crisis has significantly eroded trust between many member states . 
  migrant crisis has heavily touched on primal fears and for many people there is no amount of common benefit to offset it . 
  you ca n't argue with emotions and it is hard to build consensus when trust is depleted . 
  now , i think europe will eventually pull through and remain more or less united . 
  but i fear it can easily get much uglier before we start seeing it getting better . 
  haha , do n't even start . 
  ca n't wait for the new 100 % patriotic polish government to be sworn in , it will get even better . 
  would be even more fun if i was n't living here . 
  calling ourselves `` central '' does n't change anything , though . 
  if anything , i have always found such attempts a bit pointless . 
  i am really pessimistic about eu nowadays . 
  seems like it is everyone for himself more often than not . 
  of course , self-interest never disappeared , but at least there used to be a feeling that things were getting slowly better . 
  now ? 
  it seems that it must get really shitty before it gets a chance to get better . 
  it all made sense the instant i saw the source . 
  yes , but it came back with a fury i did not expect . 
  heh heh , what you are saying is essentially is that `` our stance should be the default '' . 
  i use the term `` eastern europe '' because the recent immigrant crisis created a cultural split that almost ideally follows the old iron curtain . 
  geographically , europe is not even a continent , the names we use for its parts are arbitrary anyway . 
  you are touching on the problem of perception - that capitalism is some coherent `` system '' . 
  in reality , what we are talking about is a chaotic amalgam of ideologically diverse solutions , with nigh-infinite regional variance . 
  it has all grown iteratively over centuries and more , with little regard for what really works as long as it works good enough in the short-medium term . 
  of course , much of the blame lies on the early ideologues of communism who strived to present a complete constructed alternative to status quo . 
  regardless , this kind of thinking was picked up and often results in proponents of `` capitalism '' rejecting some changes because they would make it `` un-capitalist '' or `` communist '' . 
  communism is dumb , but i think blaming it for fascism is not fair at all . 
  well , they still do n't have to be very funny - just that knowledge of us politics is often required to extract maximum funniness . 
  yeah , kaczynski can be quite pragmatic when it leads him to power , but there are limits and in his case it is russia . 
  not unique to russians , sadly, 
  yeah , to get these you have to follow american politics . 
  most of it is quite uninteresting if you do n't . 
  thank god `` funny '' is an objective measure . 
  they could totally send them to a labor camp , though . 
   i hope this means they 're going to support them in jordan and turkey instead while i sympathize with the idea itself , i have very little confidence in people actually wanting to help refugees elsewhere . 
  un refugee agency has been terribly underfunded for years and no one gave a fuck . 
  until there is some genuine motion in changing this ( or directly helping turkey/jordan ) , i will continue perceiving such proposals extremely skeptically . 
  by making orban look more sensible ? 
  or we could just call it `` eastern europe '', 
  i have very low opinion of kaczynski , but one thing i can say for certain is that he wo n't ally with russia . 
  it is , until you succeed in going independent . 
   our western partners , who are quite naive and on a different position on ideas such as nationalism and ethnicity . 
  and that is why the most powerful country in the world is the ethnically homogenous and racially pure united states of america . 
  even russia is way more multi-ethnic than eastern europe and somehow it does n't prevent them from being 1000 % patriotic . 
  uk , france and germany are also not collapsing anytime soon , despite being so terribly infested with kebab . 
   the social stigma surrounding racism and xenophobia wait , but that 's good , right ? 
  i am kinda getting mixed signals nowadays .
