  stupid remnants of manly warlord culture , heh, 
  that is why genuine democracy is superior . 
  we got spares . 
  yeah , likely he is recovering from his latest botox injection or something, 
   b ) journalists wo n't be appointed [ 2 ] at the putin 's meeting with the president of kyrgyzstan , which was scheduled for tomorrow . 
  i hope they do broadcast it , even if pre-recorded . 
  it will be fun spotting putin 's strategic make-up and whatnot . 
  nobody suspects a mexican . 
  russia , being a state centered on one human being , is a time-bomb anyway . 
  welp . 
  anyone after putin will first focus on subduing all the rivals and power centers . 
  good luck with that . 
  ah , a foreign enemy . 
  a recourse of all demagogue leaders who feel weak . 
  i am sure he would fit right in with pis or korwin , though . 
  russia withdraws from the 2nd law of thermodynamics . 
  glory to the eternal russian empire . 
  i think it was linked for the purpose of amusement . 
  sure worked for me . 
  you can exile him to poland , we have a whole slew of crackpots like him here . 
  truly a son of his ancestral land . 
  could you become a bot and explain europe to us all the time ? 
  that 's because it is a kind of a lottery in real life . 
  `` bild '' is usually a keyword meaning `` stop reading '', 
  it 's cool , as long as they surface near kronstadt now and then . 
  `` world record in staying submerged '', 
  we have submarines ? 
  it is not that bad , sustainable models persist quite nicely . 
  like in nature , it is the long-term advantage that wins eventually . 
  some countries just need a longer learning period . 
  exactly , it is lower-risk and sustainable and that is why it is overall `` better '' . 
  predictable careful long-term development is better than a short burst of glory followed by a decline or collapse . 
  and that is why we will happily give the power away to an ai when we make it . 
  there should be a thread for these . 
  until he reemerges , all energy fresh botox . 
  exactly . 
  as in the old quote , democracy is the best of the bad . 
   the rumors may not be true , but that does not mean they are irrelevant . 
  they speak to russians ' nervousness about what would happen if putin really were to become incapacitated . 
  because power is so centralized around him , there is no fallback plan for what would happen if he really were to suddenly become unable to rule . 
  a system of government that rests on the health of a single man is very fragile , and that fragility -- that weakness -- is frightening . 
  i still sometimes encounter people who are disappointed with democracy and yearn for a `` strong '' leader to take charge . 
  this paragraph nicely sums up how delusional it is . 
  shrug , membership is voluntary . 
  fitting for people with a medieval mindset . 
  i usually imagine it as isle of man or something . 
  yeah , but it 's for fun , so whatev . 
  and maybe , at some point , they will learn something . 
  i am not even being patronizing . 
  most nations perpetuate a lot of stupidity and improve only gradually , if at all . 
  oooh , exactly the kind of book i wanted to read but i did n't know it existed . 
  who cares . 
  he dies when he dies . 
  but it 's funny how a short absence leaves his own people reeling . 
  that 's because his face is kinda sorta dead . 
  i do n't . 
  i prefer him to live and see his house of cards crashing down . 
  i do n't want him to get out early and become a saint , like chavez did . 
  not surprising at all , a natural consequence of such centralization of power in one human . 
  when the emperor sneezes , the court shudders . 
  if you feel eu is harmful , a country can leave if it wants . 
  i apologize your countrymen apparently disagree with you . 
  but no one forces you to stay if they change their minds . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  those parties are often symptoms of other problems , but it does n't change the fact that they are destructive and unhelpful themselves . 
  if anything , they often deepen them . 
  things were easier back then . 
  the problem with soviet-style communism was not that it was bad ( although its totalitarian elements were ) . 
  the main problem was that it was not sustainable . 
  i do n't think so . 
  a good example is how east and west germany compare , after being under soviet and american domination respectively . 
  to specify - stalinist-communist coupled with red army occupation , because that was the state of communism at that time . 
  that would likely be quite bad , i think . 
  i do not understand what you mean , perhaps i phrased something wrongly ? 
  well , it 's not like we are supervised . 
  there is simply a powerful ally whose existence provides stability . 
  also , without americans , a greater part of europe would have ended up being communist after the wars . 
  even a brutal , libertarian `` paradise '' is better than a rotting despotic kleptocracy, 
  indonesia fuck yeah, 
  there was an old running joke in some poorer european countries : `` how to make our country prosperous ? 
  declare war on america and surrender the following day . '', 
  i did n't say it would . 
  us simply has the capacity to do something about it . 
  they tried isolationism repeatedly and things happened . 
  so they embraced their hegemony . 
  there are a bunch of colorful persona in the government . 
  in the end , it is all about what tsipras decides , though . 
  this disappoints me . 
  i was thinking putin would at least sacrifice the actual murderers - who presumably would n't know who really hired them anyway - than just throw some semi-random chechens to the lions . 
  unless he is lying - but then i do not blame him for taking revenge on people who used him and threw away . 
  that 's the sad part . 
  ethnic russians are just an excuse . 
  a coup made by whom ? 
  americans ? 
  lol , that makes no sense , unless it is a secret conspiracy to get usa to annex romania . 
  do n't blame you , would do the same . 
   when you have troops stationed in another country , they put a pressure over that country . 
  what do they make you do ? 
  as long as your democratically elected government can tell them to go home , what is the problem ? 
  there are two aspects here : first is the prospect of russian bullying and perhaps waging a covert war , especially in the baltics with their ethnic russian population , some of which might be recruited .
