  hmmmm . 
  no one favors taking in millions at a time . 
  this is a bullshit strawman . 
  fuck those bands . 
  we get them sometimes in poland too , in trams or walking around the residential areas . 
  fuck them . 
  yeah , but you have no control over how does the beggar use it - be it food or drugs or whether it is a genuine beggar and not part of an organized group etc. 
  an organization , non-governmental or governmental , has systems and methods in place to ensure the money goes to those who need it most . 
  they might not be perfect , but they are certainly better at it than you are . 
  fund them , not random people on the street . 
  clicked the thread for denial , was not disappointed . 
  haha , awesome !, 
  how sad it has become, 
  lol , like that 's a discussion, 
  it is not surprising considering what kind of crowd now dominates this sub . 
  you are either virulently anti-immigrant and proclaim it everywhere or you are radical left soviet commie something . 
  i know you did , i am just dismayed people actually fall for it so much . 
  that 's nice , democracy is bad , excellent . 
  everyone agrees . 
  as soon as we get a viable alternative , we can switch . 
   a proportion ( not going to argue how many here ) even look to the east and see rapid development who in the east exactly ? 
  china ? 
  china is undergoing a serious crisis right now and will likely be in the shit for a while . 
  it is only regarded as ` best ' when people do n't pause to think about details like ` how do you pick that dictator ? ', 
  ` what if he goes bad ? ', 
  ` what if he makes mistakes ? ', 
  you know , the little things . 
  that 's how fear and ignorance work and it is fear and ignorance that won in poland , won in this sub and is winning in europe . 
  be thankful the immigrant issue was not that crucial in poland or pis would have won much higher . 
  sad , really . 
  i hoped we were smarter than that , it is depressing to see how easily we fall into old patterns of bullshit . 
  welp , i suppose we still live in dark ages of sort . 
  polish feelings so hurt , as always . 
  whatever . 
  anything that does not subscribe to the ` europe is doomed ' line gets downvoted here , so your insightful reaction is no surprise . 
  possible , but not inevitable and the eu just might agree on something . 
  we will see , i suppose . 
  i am not averse towards merkel , but purely politically she seems to be becoming a liability . 
  she might be ousted by her own friends , if they think it good for the party . 
  frankly , it is also possible that this crisis already peaked . 
  i certainly hear much less about , let 's see how it plays . 
  yes . 
  plenty of famous leaders were foreign-born , including stalin and hitler and many european monarchs , but it is their country that gets the blame . 
  beats me , i prefer to focus on national self-improvement instead of blaming foreigners . 
  both countries are in hard competition for the top spot , though . 
  long , fun history . 
  yeah , nazis were still utter bastards , it 's just that within the local context they were sometimes preferable to the soviets . 
  it was a shit choice anyway , often forced with only partial knowledge of the situation . 
  yeah , and if they did acknowledge their past better , they would have better relations in the region . 
  they seem to be moving in the right direction , though , what with that comfort women deal . 
  i do not hate the russians or any other nation . 
  i distrust people who identify with the murderous past of their nation and try to claim they themselves are eternal victims of the world . 
  only some russians do that , sadly they are both quite vocal and in power . 
  i am all for forgiving the past , but it requires a proper recognition by the country in question and a strong attempt to disassociate themselves from the sins of their ancestors . 
  germans are pretty insistent it was `` just a phase '' and are very sorry for their grandpas . 
  on the other hand many russians , putin included , pine for the `` glory '' of their former murderous empire . 
  therefore , they willingly take some of the bad karma of their ancestors on themselves . 
  they were part of the russian empires , both soviet and tzarist , and it is them they represented in their brutal campaigns and policies . 
  another example is that hitler was austrian , but it it was germany who he led and it is germany that rightfully gets the blame . 
  also bulgaria , romania , hungary and i think nzis were preferable in the baltics . 
  no wonder - for them russia was a much , much bigger problem . 
  and they wonder why almost all of eastern europe tripped over itself in a rush to join nato . 
  poor misunderstood russians , ever oppressed by the world . 
  i always find it funny how nazis were the better option for many people suffering under the russian boot . 
  ca n't exactly blame them , it is all subjective after all . 
  how is being secular supposed to prevent war profiteering again ? 
  not surprising , really . 
  this sub has been living with this split since last summer . 
  sadly , extremists drown most of the more rational exchanges, 
   so the only option really left is closing the borders . 
  ... which also does n't have enough political support ( as well as being of questionable feasiblity ) so we are stuck at doing nothing and blaming each other for ever, 
  dunno about him , but an orderly absorption of a number of refugees coupled with better management of the problem abroad would be nice . 
  what we got was countries with drastically different opinions on the matter which resulted in a paralysis of the union and the chaos we have now . 
  yup , greeks and italians have been flooded for a long time now and yet we did n't help them . 
  shameful , really . 
  because europe is not an island and many outside problems can get much worse in time and kick us in the ass . 
  it is often cheaper to help people abroad and prevent their country from melting down than deal with domino effects . 
  yeah , i know , was talking about all the others who claimed being `` roman '' . 
  of course it is a problem . 
  i am just for understanding and solving this mess in some intelligent manner , not just lashing out as the poster i replied to seemed to suggest . 
  even children can be understood so they are managed better . 
  and , well , the fellows in calais are n't children , they are just very , very lost . 
  why a plague ? 
  it murdered aristocracy or something ? 
  hah , being `` roman '' simply meant being the coolest kid on the playground back then . 
  see things like sultanate of rum and holy roman empire , to name a few . 
  or because `` blood '' means anything anyway . 
  dumbass tribals . 
  that 's not nice , byzantium was quite successful for a long while . 
  at that point they can rename it to `` russian pound '', 
  yeah , that neo-feudal bullshit keeps strangling many post-soviet countries , sadly . 
  i am very much aware there are lots of people here who have , shall we say , an alternative opinion about white south african governments . 
  thankfully , not all reddit is lost and this sub is one of the places where toxic bigotry did not yet fully conquer . 
  so , how is syria ? 
  fun fact - there was a major movement in poland recently to get us single-district first past the post and they actually got 9 % of the seats in the parliament . 
  they kept saying it would make our elections more representative and it would make the political scene more fluid . 
  yeah . 
  i am still crying/laughing . 
  effectiveness or lack thereof is the key , i think . 
  i am sympathetic to many `` leftist '' ideas but it all means nothing if he fails to actually convert them into approval .
