  the main difference is that duda can still mature politically and become someone interesting while bronek is on the way out . 
  not holding my breath , duda 's views , background and debate performance suggests that he will probably behave like a fool . 
  but we will see , he has his shot . 
  this is true , that 's just pr doing its work . 
  still funny to see them squirm , though . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  let us break up the eu , then , we will compete even more . 
  edit : sarcasm , ofc, 
  that 's what we get for being in a union with a bunch of tax havens, 
  sorry for being ageist . 
  arrogance wo n't help anything , heh . 
  it just frustrates me , as i assumed people younger than me ( early thirties , me , btw ) will be more and more socially and ideologically liberal . 
  ah well , it 's a long process . 
  woah , no way , wo n't vote for either of them . 
  did balcerowicz announce anything yet ? 
  seems to me the `` pro-market '' vote might be a bit split . 
  either way , these will be very interesting elections . 
  i only regret that i am mortal . 
  otherwise i could just wait until dumb choices cure a nation of its stupidity . 
  but the grass is greener, 
   ah i see who am i talking to now . 
  tagged him as `` kuc '' , heh heh heh, 
  20-somethings fucking scare me with their ignorance and conservatism . 
  i did n't expect to start complaining about `` them young ` uns '' so early in my life , but there it is . 
  you obviously need a refresher . 
  while i really want some saner party to rule , i would n't totally mind pis reclaiming power just to remind people what paranoid incompetent idiots they really are . 
  some countries apparently just need to fuck themselves up repeatedly until they get smarter . 
  ofe was bullshit and definitely not a fix for our demographic woes . 
  they did n't become socialist either . 
  more like centre-right . 
  not hardcore neoliberal , but definitely not social-democratic , not even close . 
  not terribly , but it is sure unhelpful . 
  changing a dumbass for a bigger dumbass solves nothing . 
  yup , unless pis wins parliamentary elections , there is likely to be a legislative paralysis . 
  unless duda turns out to be responsible , but allow me not to hold my breath . 
  do n't . 
  progress is irreversible . 
  no , no , he will just say there was electoral fraud , but not enough to overwhelm the will of the people . 
  poland from sea to sea also jesus, 
  why ? 
  if the debates taught me anything , is that he is n't very smart at all . 
  he will do something dumb superquick . 
  how bout those who choose not to reproduce ? 
  should n't they be penalized or excluded , for being parasites or something ? 
  is reproduction really something that we should obsess about ? 
  what if many people choose something else ? 
  not even that . 
  there is simply almost no serious discussion in poland about anything complex . 
  not about politics , not about economy , not about sexuality , not about art , nothing . 
  homosexuals can have children . 
  you do n't need to be in a marriage to have them , even if you are heterosexual . 
  should we also prevent people who are infertile or who do n't want children from marrying ? 
  also , what did `` nature intend '' ? 
  nature did not `` intend '' taking medicine for a disease . 
  nature did not `` intend '' birth-control . 
  nature did not `` intend '' our civilization . 
  if someones wants life `` as nature intended '' , they can always go live in a cave . 
  what is normal exactly ? 
  why are such people a problem to you ? 
  i am not certain . 
  dumbass conservatism is heavily present even in the younger folk . 
  my brain is broken , because when i see irish gaelic i read `` fianna shall raise and reclaim celtic europe '' . 
  a bit like reading german , but with slightly different things stressed . 
  no , inner goodness is not a requirement for democracy . 
  its strengths are consensus and long term stability , due to periodic elections . 
  i find it hard to critique the libertarianism you envision as i do not know what extend of freedom you prefer . 
  but in general , most of modern ( and past ) systems arose exactly because primitive libertarian models did not work . 
  systems that rely on the inner goodness of people tend to collapse relatively quickly . 
  extreme freedom is not the answer , just like an overbloated state . 
  right . 
  except there is too many people for it to work . 
  our close relations and proximity necessitate the need for myriad regulations just so that we do n't kill each other out of dislike or competition for land and resources . 
  libertarianism is good for frontier environments , where you can be as free a you want because there is no one nearby . 
  no one disputes that democracy sucks on many levels , but until there is a better alternative , it is the best option . 
  was n't talking about switzerland , was talking about short-term self-centered voting . 
  okay , makes sense . 
  did the fact that ankara is far to the east from the city help develop anatolia ? 
  life . 
  every view has some bias , this or the other . 
  via the choice of arguments , choice of highlighted consequences , language . 
  but there is n't such a thing . 
  my knowledge of turkey is microscopic , but was n't it why ankara is the capital ? 
  you want someone to write you a `` neutral , unbiased '' opinion and thus tell you how to vote ? 
  best way to have a shitty country . 
  and that is why most countries suck . 
  hey , let germans be assholes without instantly going full godwin . 
  i used to partake in the guardian comment section . 
  then i got better . 
  that would be understandable if it was simple abuse of power . 
  but here he obviously acted in a racist manner . 
  they had better have some plan . 
  foreign interventions are always tricky and we all know how easily they spiral out of control . 
   both ca n't be true at the same time . 
  i mean the exaggerations . 
  threat of both terrorism and surveillance tend to be blown out of proportion . 
  although at least terrorists are explicitly hostile towards the society , while surveillance fears tend to invoke some less defined `` institutional malice '' or straight-up conspiracy . 
   organized crime causes far more damage to the fabric of the society , but barely receives any coverage at all . 
  that 's because it has evolved to be sneaky . 
  when organized crime is prominent and visible , it usually means the state is crumbling . 
  if you are rational , then good for you , but sadly i do n't think most other religious people can claim the same .
