  forget i said anything . 
  fun fact : you were n't even offensive , you simply said they do n't give a fuck . 
   end of discussion . 
  glad to see you are the voice of teh americun peepool, 
   they 've tried and failed with gun laws , and they 'll fail here too . 
  what ? 
  that gun bullshit is your problem . 
  foreigners will not try to force you to do anything in that matter . 
  ca n't stop us from being totally befuddled by this cultural stupidity , though . 
   we are a very religious country and many of us believe in eye for an eye . 
  that 's not religious , that 's just straight-up primitive . 
  whatever , man, 
  you are creating a false dichotomy . 
  while i agree there is no `` good '' answer , i disagree we have to choose between two extremes . 
  there are many places in poland where outsiders feel incredibly out of place and where crimes and social issues are handled internally by the inhabitants . 
  and , what do you know , these places are inhabited by ethnic poles . 
  you do realize there is actually no such thing as `` no-go zones '' ? 
  greater cooperation is very much possible . 
  oh god no , it would not . 
  let the polish hell remain in poland . 
  they probably would . 
  it is no surprise with that mep at all . 
  i suppose sweden has to crack down on this now . 
  with taxation being so high , it harms your whole system . 
  the mafia they work for can often have links to their own hometown , blackmailing and threatening in all kinds of ways . 
  even more pronounced in sex-trade trafficking . 
  yah , criminal organizations do that , had some poles being enslaved in italy as well . 
  human trafficking is horrible . 
  thankfully , modern awareness about the issue is not that bad . 
  i would think this would dry superfast as a source of jobs . 
  only some businesses would risk hiring illegals . 
  thank you `` non-bleeding heart non-naives '' for framing the debate in terms of being `` pro '' or `` anti '' immigrant , instead of having some more rational discussion about how do we manage this mess . 
  i actually want a stringnet pan-european asylum system that weeds out the undesirables proper-like but it is hard to talk about it when i am confronted by people raving about refugees bringing `` the end of civilization '' . 
  welp , they ca n't skip over the issue of there not being homes for them in the desired places . 
  climate also prevents constructing shanty towns , i would think . 
  do you think , though , that perhaps sweden is not managing them well enough , possibly due to not wanting to be seen as xenophobic ? 
  mind you , i have no clear opinion on this . 
  i suppose it is possible to drag nato into such situations , but the response will always be minor when not dealing with actual war . 
  and even then it is not nato 's function to respond to terrorism . 
  you need at least a foreign-sponsored insurgency for that . 
  i really wish eu and usa had some grand trade pact that would bolster our economies and bind us closer together . 
  but i do n't want it to be a multinational wishlist and i do n't want certain us philosophies to be transplanted into europe . 
  frankly , i think in this situation i would prefer eu to tighten its own internal ties first , before negotiating with usa . 
  there is much more to prosperity than just economic growth . 
  look , few people really like ttip but let us not call it what it is n't . 
  hyperbole is not helping this discussion . 
  well , i think everyone can support obama making a deal with iran . 
  or us authorities going after fifa and corrupt banks . 
  or for usa providing a nuclear umbrella and thus making nato countries un-attackable by most means . 
  i mean , there are so many different things being done by such an entity ... sure , opposing iraq war was sensible ( especially in hindsight ) but that 's only one thing from many . 
  being against such a complex entity as the us makes no sense in general . 
  they do so many different things , it is only ever sensible to be against specific policies . 
  even russia is too complex to just be `` anti '' or `` pro '' . 
  i despise putin and generally consider him a harmful element on the world stage , but even then i am not `` anti-russia '' . 
  we are still so prone to binary thinking , heh . 
  ah , opposition to a widely unpopular policy , one of the best get-into-power cards in the history of politics . 
  kinda sad how cliche schroeder was by combining anti-americanism with being pro-russian . 
  cold war has scarred us horribly . 
  please , do not generalize a bunch of misguided opinions onto everyone . 
  others also massively benefit from the eu . 
  your vision of germany paying money and then being a sole beneficiary of the markets and regulations is just as false . 
  it just blows my mind how he got onto russian retirement plan . 
  i was always seriously confused why germans did not absolutely crucify him . 
  what , you are a black redhead ? 
  cool , cool , i would n't have asked such a personal question but hey , you did say `` ama '' , so there . 
  my intent was to discern to what extent you are polish culturally . 
   i look polish i do n't know what does it even mean , to me poles appear quite plain , with no really discernible features , although i am very obviously biased . 
  run of the mill white folks with all kinds of hair types and colors . 
  i suppose dark blonde hair is dominant , but i do n't know how would it differentiate them from other central-y-northerl-y europeans . 
  a pity much of the discussion was hijacked by being pro or against , pushing everyone to extremes . 
  an early victory for the far-right , i suppose . 
  how polish are you ? 
  to be clear , there are no good answers to this . 
  i both like and dislike various aspects of my particular ethnocultural thingie . 
  i wonder if there is a parody of internet parodying edgy things . 
  i am not even sure if i am joking or not . 
  i suppose it is circular bullshit that eats its own tail . 
  pros and cons of being a renowned corporate launchpad :p, 
  this is getting kinda cyberpunk-y . 
  how is the dutch attitude towards climate change , i wonder, 
  i agree , my displeasure was aimed at being a tool of george w. bush . 
  still suits him . 
  a revitalized nato is a convenient boogeyman . 
  he can also fuck something up so hard that hungarians actually take notice . 
  happens occasionally in politics . 
  i still laugh at it . 
  through tears . 
  well , in poland you get called far-left if you are not in favor of building a huge fucking wall around europe . 
  people should n't say shit like that just for opposing immigration . 
  many anti-immigration arguments are , in fact , racist , but it does not excuse such inflammatory blanket statements . 
  i consider myself left-leaning and i can criticize far-left endlessly , if they say stupid shit . 
  problem is `` left '' `` right '' and `` far '' are interpreted very differently by plenty of people . 
  for some , not being anti-immigrant is `` far left '' and vice versa . 
  if we keep yelling at opposite extremes , we won ; t get anywhere . 
  if it was only about stopping immigration , then calling such people `` fascists '' is unjustified and unhelpful . 
  on the other hand , people who want to stop immigration often say a lot of other things too , some of which might , in fact , be called in strong words . 
  but again , blanket statements are stupid either way . 
  yeah , but they are seen as occasionally troublesome minority . 
  not a threat to everything as we know it . 
  world of a difference .
