   but then how are human rights any different fro imperialism ? 
  not certain what you understand by `` imperialism '' here . 
  if you are asking whether human rights are just one of many ideas then yeah . 
  but i do not need to consider a system universal to follow it . 
  i look at them and choose that which makes the most sense to me in the context of what i wish for humanity - long-term sustainable happiness . 
   if human rights really are just western values , what gives us the right to tell other cultures what justice is , if we admit we have no knowledge of objective justice ? 
  well , we have no `` divine '' right to tell other cultures what justice is , but if we believe our system is better and provides better life , then we can reason with them . 
  also if some foreign-culture customs are abhorrent to us , we can reject them in our countries and promote better options elsewhere . 
   therefor you can not support both cultural relativism and support human rights , they are exact opposites . 
  i disagree . 
  perhaps if you understand human rights as some perfect paradigm that has to be imposed on everyone , then yeah . 
  but i see human rights as a system which creates happiness and makes everyone less of an asshole . 
  but is treating such ideas as absolutes a requirement to follow them ? 
  similarly , do i have to believe in some kind of absolute good to be a non-evil person ? 
  one could say , i do not `` believe '' in human rights as in something universal , some defining , inherent part of our reality . 
  but i believe that , while constructed and imperfect , they are a great way for humanity to go and i support them strongly . 
  are they a religion now ? 
  lisbon treaty has provisions for leaving eu . 
  totally legal to do . 
  that applies only if you think successive greek governments were forced by lehman brothers to lie both to their people and their european partners . 
  relativism - cultural or moral - does not mean i have to reject systems that i find beneficial just because they are not `` universal '' . 
  human rights are a solid framework created to assure people are not assholes towards each other and so i support it . 
  i do not have to `` believe '' in it . 
  yeah , it is not looking good . 
  still , the ball is still in the game , so who knows , maybe they will manage to rein in their populist idiots . 
   they who ? 
  plenty of citizens and companies are bankrupt , and even more of them are on the way there . 
  countries are n't monolithic entities , it 's more important to keep track of how the people are doing than how the government is doing . 
  the government and its debts do not stop existing just because situation is bad . 
  and it still pays government employees as well as plenty of pensioners . 
  not sure if adding these to the `` bankrupt '' list is the best way to go . 
   when there are so many people with no jobs or any welfare and healthcare coverage whatsoever , it should be clear that the current method of seeking assurances is a dreadful idea . 
  as soon as greece proposes some viable solution , europe will help . 
  i am all for it , actually . 
  i agreed with you . 
  the `` you '' was directed at greece or hungary or whatever . 
  i was n't clear enough , sorry . 
  i think i will edit it . 
  well , they are not bankrupt , are they ? 
  i believe europe should help greece , but since the crisis was caused by greek irresponsibility , help ought to be accompanied by sufficient greek assurances of better conduct . 
  i can understand `` northern '' countries not wanting to sink too many cashloads into greece just to see their populist governments waste it all over again . 
  well , of course , if in your equation default is preferable , then what you said makes sense . 
  still , even if default was pursued i am not certain it would be reasonable to further antagonize europe . 
  they are not really recovering and further sanctions wo n't be impossible , really . 
  greece and orban do not have some kind of a veto power . 
  how does it put their own people first ? 
  are their people not subjects of their own country who kinda happens to be shielded from bankruptcy only by european loans ? 
  what about my `` if greeks really want to go down with a bang , they are free to do it '' side ? 
  yeah , seriously ? 
  eu is voluntarily . 
  if some countries think russia is a promised land , they can go join it for all i care . 
  edit : clarity . 
  i am sure it is not an ultimatum , just an attempt to get the best from everybody . 
  ultimatum would be horribly stupid and tsipras is not horribly stupid . 
  i hope . 
   there is a difference between cooperating among equals and being treated like a colony who must do what it is told . 
  you do n't have to . 
  do you ? 
  just so you know , i am no scholar myself , i simply spew what i think might be kinda sorta true , 
  some values are likely superior , but we should then compare those values and not the whole culture . 
  saying that , for example , arabic culture is `` bad '' is both untrue and unhelpful . 
  some of its elements suck immensely , but so do some elements of european cultures . 
  and yeah , i have no problem with having human rights as a basis . 
  goddamn skanian immigrants . 
  i think no cultures are objectively incompatible - ** elements ** of some cultures are incompatible . 
  a culture is a chaotic , complex and ever-changing network of customs and behaviours , you ca n't possibly treat it in such a simple manner . 
  sexism and racism are not fundamentally wrong , they are just horribly stupid and very harmful , 
  no , it is n't . 
  cultural relativism is about understanding other cultures within their own context . 
  but understanding something does not necessitate liking or allowing it . 
  for example , i can understand the motives of a murderer but still reject their actions . 
  it is not about forcing other cultures on us , it is about not rejecting things only on the basis that they seem alien to us . 
  voluntary hijabs and prayers in the street are fine , fgm is not . 
  yeah , i know what he intended . 
  you generally said the same thing that i did , 
  while yanis is absolutely right - seeing as part of greek government coalition just has to pull the nazi card - it is important to note that he himself contributed to the paranoia by dropping a nazi reference in talks with schlaube . 
  yes , it was about greek nazis , but any mention of nazis when germany is present is bound to sorta kinda resonate in other ways too . 
  in some other situation , it would be silly . 
  now ? 
  yeah , eu would be accommodating but there are limits to how much leeway they can give to an outside country . 
  there would still be much more that uk would be subject to without having any voice . 
  `` not having wars , embargoes and general asshatery '' is also a money factor , though . 
  hitler was in many ways worse . 
  which does n't change the fact that stalin was a genocidal mass murderer as well . 
  even in metaphorical hell , there are degrees of asshollery . 
   i ca n't wait for the day that we stop messing around with this balkan nonsense . 
  because letting them settle it on their own is sooo much preferable ? 
  they are driving through poland , so, 
  yes !, 
  `` fuck sea '', 
  and yet you are safe from them . 
  they might try to fuck with you economically , bully you , but they can not just straight-up send green men without testing the whole goddamn nato . 
  if you were n't in the alliance , i have no doubt russia would be much more dangerous to you . 
  it was really funny seeing baltic states scrambling to join nato as fast as possible the moment it became possible . 
  i could almost see them trampling each other in the process . 
  i do not mock you and i do not blame you . 
  would do ( did ) the same . 
   people believe war will come around again because wars have causes . 
  the last 70 years has seen an absence of those causes in europe , and so europe has been without war . 
  it 's really as simple as that .
