  tribal instincts ? 
  wtf ? 
  you must be new to the immigration discourse . 
  there is a huge double standard between reporting of and reacting to crimes done by the locals and the scary aliens . 
   i 'm not talking about trolls prematurely proclaiming that `` hurr durr immigrants '' , i 'm talking about people simply speculating or asking if `` x '' is the case again . 
  sadly , the internet is dominated by the former . 
   your dismissal of legitemate flashbacks and worries after such events some worries are certainly legitimate . 
  a lot of reactions , though , is just fanning the flames of hatred , thus making more people worry not based on facts , but on feedback loop . 
   also , the sentence right after the one you quoted , perfectly sums up your response . 
  allow my to repeat my previous post - i know where people are coming from . 
  xenophobia is a perfectly natural reaction . 
  i do , however , expect civilized people of 21st century to reign in their tribalist instincts . 
   but please do n't act like you ca n't wrap your head around why people would ever make such speculations understanding other people 's misguided and harmful reactions does not make those reaction less misguided and harmful . 
  security guards are `` security '' in name only . 
  they just sit and watch some place all day , maybe walk around . 
  they are usually men aged 50 + and are paid almost nothing . 
  less than young dropouts , who can probably do something more physically demanding . 
  older folks are more reliable as well . 
  inject kebab, 
   a man in his 50s or 60s loosing his job has often only one choice . 
  yeah , a security guard . 
  terrible joke , no harm in missing it . 
  be glad, 
  your lack of slav spirit saddens me . 
  pictured is a ceremonial version . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i am saying , lol, 
   the profile for this sort of attack is of muslims . 
  yeah , fuck those muslim cyclists . 
  jesus , that 's awe-inspiring indeed . 
  megastructures are here . 
  i hate the altright , but remarks like yours are not helping . 
  if you are not a right-wing bigot , why would you use sexual experience as a quality metric for a human being ? 
  i do n't think she would be amused . 
  props to the angry spanish mep for yelling at him . 
  libertarianism mixed with a heavy dose of bigotry and a lot of randomness . 
  yeah , trump was also funny once . 
  korwin-mikke has no chance to wield any power , sure , but my capacity of treating such people as just a joke is exhausted . 
   all the while holding the same view as 99 % of europe that isis are bad practically the whole eu establishment fully agrees that `` isis are bad '' . 
  i do n't think you made any argument beside `` this sucks '' . 
  that 's hardly constructive , would n't you agree ? 
  reported , lose the school dude lingo or get lost . 
  easy . 
  very slowly and gradually . 
  we can already save terribly early preterm births , and the knowledge will keep improving . 
  edit : initially , it will start of necessity , for difficult cases . 
  c-section was an emergency procedure at the start , now it is something that can be asked for convenience reasons . 
  no surprise , procreation still has a lot of taboos and is heavily fetishized by many people , especially traditionalist types and `` unnatural '' alterations will meet strong reactions . 
  for example , the same people in poland who oppose abortion , often also oppose in vitro fertilization . 
  good luck on your shovel duty , then . 
  i agree , but people should have the right to be wrong , as long as they do it in a civil manner . 
  polish clergy is more conservative than bergoglio 's vatican , actually . 
  one day we will have proper artificial incubators for all stages of pregnancy . 
  then we will keep it in a box !, 
  was this sticky post preemptive or did you actually experience a wave of rule-breaking comments ? 
   negative feelings yeah , well , divorces are sad . 
  they ca n't apply any real pressure , brexit has been quite certain for a long time now . 
  downvoted for heresy . 
  being an integral part of an eternal collective ? 
  pretty cool , almost like being a trusted servant of an omnipotent sky father . 
  the whole idea of a nation trying to `` own '' famous people is ridiculous . 
   when you take all those facts into account it seems like there 's only one explanation : corruption . 
  i am sure someone 's friends will profit greatly , but i am certain a big part of it is also completely innocent ignorance and political bluster . 
  those things usually go together , though . 
  because there is no need . 
  that area is a backwater and it wo n't stop being one by getting better sea access . 
  we will build a big , beautiful canal . 
  believe me . 
  are we going europe vs usa again ? 
  at least let trump start a war somewhere first . 
  that is a lie , rocco was/is a varied performer . 
  if the whole thing is based on barely resisting simple emotions , then perhaps eu was a fluke and we should all go back to being proud sovereign nation states until we truly learn . 
  yeah , that 's just bullshit . 
  acting `` hard '' to appeal to fear of islam while affecting like a dozen people tops . 
  lol , you got downvoted for criticizing far-right . 
  i love those brigadeers , so transparent . 
  the mantra part was a joke and a reference to the original purpose of the german anthem . 
  my actual thoughts were in the second paragraph , really . 
  both :p that is why we are here . 
  even greece , in the height of their debt crisis , strongly wanted to stay both in eu and in euro despite experiencing a high surge of anti-eu sentiment . 
   probably many countries are going to abandon the project at some point . 
  yeah , poland for example , if the current political trend is not reversed . 
  i guess we will have to make a nice song for people like you to convince you . 
  something along the line of `` europe , europe , over all '' , perhaps . 
  on a more serious note , why should sovereignty be the natural state to which we gravitate ? 
  is n't it a mirage in modern times , with international links so strong that our actual independence erodes anyway ? 
  perhaps it was better in the times of chaos but it is less suited for a more peaceful future ? 
   but what truly defines a nation or group of people in my humble opinion is whether they shall share common fate . 
  i have no idea what do you mean by `` sharing a common fate '' and how do you predict , with certainty , how it will apply to nations in the future . 
  oh no you got me, 
  the problem is even touching this topic creates instant polarization . 
  when i hear about , say , a news item about some immigrant violence i do not reject it but i am wary of it being blown out of proportion and used like a cudgel . 
  it very often is , sometimes it is even fake , but such filtering attitude , while necessary , can also make me miss some actual news on the matter . 
  at the very least it puts the item in purgatory until it is confirmed , investigated etc. 
  i still mostly blame the far/alt/whatever anti-immigrant right , though . 
  do n't know about sweden , but outside of it there was never a massive vocal pro-refugee movement , promising oncoming utopia . 
  the other side , on the other hand , is regularly hysterical often proclaiming end of europe , western civilization or white race . 
  xeno-phobia , one could say . 
  regardless , the solution lies with everyone working for the resumption of a more civilized public dialogue . 
  not always possible on the internet , but still . 
  i still fail to see the point of this ?
