  rofl , you would n't recognize most turks by skin color, 
  sweden still exists and will continue to do so . 
  they will adapt but they wo n't fundamentally change . 
  thankfully , it will pass . 
  such movements are naturally temporary, 
  why blame the lawyer ? 
  was just presenting their stance, 
  i despise him , but i agree . 
  he is just a bigoted populist, 
  perhaps there are some residues ? 
  ehh , putin only promotes russian supremacy and corrupt rule by friendly oligarchs . 
  the soviet system really wanted to provide an all-encompassing welfare state along with their bullshit , even though it was unsustainable and terribly organized . 
  putin 's oligarch friends offer only poverty and decay . 
  british government is filled with young tech-savvy people ofc . 
  i hear that `` tory '' party is especially futuristic , yes . 
  yeah , my bet is on some oil installations . 
  they can be huge and very well lit using , well , industrial lightning . 
  also , it is deep in the desert , there are n't an large enough settlements there to provide this kind of light /, 
  hehe , flair checks out . 
  you guys have enough darkness already . 
  i am all for having some holiday of darkness with city lights turned off one night in a year . 
  not doable , sadly , too many shit happens in the cities , there would be too many accidents . 
  no wonder parts of their populations have hardcore soviet nostalgia . 
  things * were * better for them , back then . 
  sadly , there is no going back . 
  not an expert but seems more isis-y . 
  tak and pkk tend to bomb governmental/military targets , and here you got western embassies and civilians , which are favored by the other guys . 
  geopolitical friendship is mostly that anyway . 
  ... living aaas oneee, 
  seems to me the biggest problem with him is not his political stances but his incompetence . 
  seems like the country is becoming progressively unstable so hopefully he will get booted for real . 
   abomination try another a word , like maybe `` amalgam '' :p yeah , race is bullshit . 
  i have watched muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l and my conclusion is that turks are , in fact , part of the genetically superior european race . 
  you just make some bad decisions , that 's all . 
  if that 's really the full scope of turkish analytical thinking , turkey will never solve anything ever, 
  you are debating against a bullshit strawman , really, 
  wake me up when gays in poland can inherit sensibly and without going though a bunch of hoops that are not an issue to heterosexuals . 
  opposition to gay adoption is ridiculous . 
  much of humanity is brought up by single mothers , single fathers , female households , male households , you name it . 
  not to mention all kinds of `` proper '' families who fail utterly at maintaining humane standards for their children . 
  in this context rejecting adoption by homosexual pairs who otherwise fulfill adoption criteria is plain prejudice . 
  i am not gon na even touch immigration issue here , the above is enough . 
  except `` adapting policies to better suit our society '' tends to be just an excuse to do nothing at all . 
  i am not saying we should just copy everything , especially since many stances are diverse in the west . 
  but things like treating gays like human beings ? 
  yeah , either we do it or we are in the putin league , sorry . 
  yeah , sure , because the alternatives to the western model are so great . 
  again , no surprise , so many people love putin and the like nowadays . 
  if you do n't think liberal democracy is superior to illiberal ones , than obviously the point is moot for you . 
  it does n't surprise me , lots of fans of all kinds of authoritarians in europe now . 
  in some areas , maybe . 
  it has failed in terms of imparting values of a western civil society . 
  things like tolerance , understanding how a liberal democracy works , trusting other citizens etc. 
  fine if none of the above is desired , of course . 
  yeah , well , no one said it would be easy . 
  but reducing the conservative/progressive chasm is in turkey 's own interest , eu or not . 
  adopting more rational governing standards is not money-intensive , it is all about a cultural shift - something much harder to pull off than spending some cash, 
  like a fucking idiot who does n't get how dumb he is, 
  yeah , so ? 
  gon na force them ? 
  poland generally blew the last two decades of education . 
  the result is a rather traditionalist young generation voting in every dumb right-wing populist . 
  a shame . 
  except that occurrences of children being raised by unorthodox set of carers have been happening since time immemorial . 
  yeah well , religion often only amplifies traditional behaviors , not creates them . 
  that 's only partially true . 
  sure , there is a lot of porn-induced fascination but lesbians that do n't get over this `` phase '' or who are not `` hot '' are reviled similarly to gays . 
  what . 
  i was joking . 
  funny , coming from a person whose country stole the name `` land of the romans '' from italy :p good thing italians are n't silly about it . 
  oh sorry , so just conspiracy bullshit, 
  wait , was n't turkey doing it already ? 
  this and russian policy of destabilization are not mutually exclusive, 
  he is largely responsible for it escalating in the first place, 
  wtf i do n't even with that jew conspiracy bullshit, 
  i disagree . 
  russians know full well what insults they throw and at whom . 
  this is sheer idiocy , especially considering how pis considers ( ed ) usa teh bestest ally , much better than that muslim-left europe . 
  poland . 
  turkey of the north . 
  among republicans . 
  but he generates tons of negativity , a lot of people will vote against him in any finale . 
  even if you like pis , they are terribly dumb and stubborn about this . 
  they could achieve the same goals without creating a constitutional crisis, 
  the us is quite critical of what is happening , they are just diplomatic about it so far . 
  but do n't worry , it will escalate . 
  and no , trump wo n't win . 
   we do n't care if we are labelled racist , nazi , or xenophobe for expressing our opinion i find it hilarious that you think it is a good thing . 
   our governments do n't try to push the leftist liberal agenda yeah , just post-communist leftist agenda , most of the time . 
   we have more national pride i am sorry but nations like the english and the french are pretty obsessed about this . 
  eastern european `` pride '' is just more dumb and tribal . 
   let me use an anecdote ; if you see people walk into a lion 's den and they get badly injured or do n't return , is it an irrational fear to avoid that place ? 
  yes , when you apply this analogy to something completely different and vastly more complex . 
  infiltrators and evangelists . 
  i like how the strongest criticism of multiculturalism comes from eastern european countries who have the least experience of being pluralist societies in the eu . 
  if that 's not an irrational fear - aka `` phobia '' - then i do n't know what is . 
  and i am so happy they got this idea , i was worried they were fading into obscurity . 
  do n't be too cheerful , czech republic is supposedly our ally against the rotten leftist muslim-hugging eu . 
  you just might get sucked into the vortex !, 
  that 's unsurprising .
