  my cell use is extremely low , so prepaid is better for me . 
  prepaid or subscription ? 
  depends how much does it cost . 
  i got 2gb on my prepaid here in poland and it costs me 2 euros per month . 
  i do n't need more at the moment . 
  most muslim women in the west do not cover their faces , just their hair . 
  and yet they are viewed with suspicion . 
  all your place names , on the other hand , sound like names of gay bars for some reason !, 
  some people just find foreign languages fun . 
  welp . 
  putin sure liked you back then !, 
  hahaha , gwb was a responsible knowledgable politician compared to the current clown-in-chief . 
   i do n't think that other european politicians understand british politics . 
  i do n't think they really have to . 
  at the end of the day it is all about international deals , who gets what for what and this is eventually laid out in negotiations . 
  how the british establishment fucks with the british populace is primarily a problem for said populace . 
  i emphatize with people like you , who see it for what it is but can only watch as their compatriots let vile selfish cunts lead the country to ruin . 
  similar thing in poland , really , its just that our people fall for much more primitive demagoguery . 
  we ca n't predict it and we ca n't know if even drastic events would push many people to afd . 
  best lies include elements of truth . 
  not saying there is any `` correct '' way . 
  politics are eternally a work in progress , after all . 
  still , seeing what daring charismatic leaders do in other countries , it seems to me germany might be doing something right . 
  you could use a bit more personality , but i do prefer to err on the side of predictability , especially in those uncertain times . 
  what you see as lack of clear description i see as an attempt at neutrality in a situation that is full of fog of war and disparate groups , simple as that . 
  seems to me you have stronger opinions and rt 's coverage better aligns with them . 
  i am however wary at trusting a media outlet that is intimately linked to an active side of the conflict . 
  i do not think bbc has an equivalent connection either . 
  hillary lost to trump only barely , though , and the polling error was relatively small . 
  similar for brexit . 
  both germany and france have polls that give much wider margins to non far-right forces . 
  if they ever tighten then we can worry , but so far they give much better picture than that in us or uk before their votes . 
  plenty of charismatic ambitious people are just cunning dicks and manipulative salespeople , though . 
  additionally , one might argue that a modern government should rely more on institutions and groups of people , not shining personalities . 
  poor oppressed putin , just providing a different point of view !, 
   on the other side it is almost impossible to read anything decent about what 's going on in syria that is not `` moderate rebels '' bullshit outside of rt. 
  most media outlets i read just call them `` rebels '' or `` anti-government forces '' . 
  here , [ have some bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-37454637 ) . 
  it does n't mean eu will just fund its own version of rt. 
  let us not get into false equivalences here . 
  they probably mean something on a larger scale like that eu site that verified british tabloid lies . 
  not that there are any actual measures there , it is just a resolution , but i guess that 's a start . 
  and , like with other scenarios , we all lose . 
  such a waste of time and energy . 
  we got a similar dynamic in poland . 
  just like in uk , our populace will suffer greatly for its ignorance and maybe , just maybe , get wiser over time . 
   article 50 will pass through parliament with ease regardless . 
  how certain is it ? 
  is there that much confidence in may 's planning ? 
  ah , you are right . 
  i remember from history lessons `` wars for inflanty ( livonia ) '' . 
  fuck imperialism . 
  is my post unclear ? 
  it was my understanding that you do not consider america `` first world '' . 
  i disagree and hence my reply . 
  yes . 
  for all its flaws and inequality it is still first world . 
  should tell you how much worse it is elsewhere . 
  that would be so very hilarious if estonia did not have a long history of being subjugated by russia . 
  i think it still matters a lot . 
  how can we impose antibiotic discipline on others when we fail at home ? 
  perspective is something much of the western populace misses . 
  `` oh , it is all horrible , we have to choose brexit/trump/lepen and destroy everything '' when in reality it is still the first world . 
  certainly , many people in the west live in very difficult circumstances , but they are still better off than if they were poor elsewhere . 
  this is much more complex than a binary `` invasion/no-invasion '' . 
  troop presence lessens the bullying potential and has real political effect . 
  i do not understand ? 
  [ sure !, 
  ] ( http://oglaf.com/obituator/ ), 
  sorry , i am terribly ignorant about the whole thing . 
  as evidenced by my previous comment about war paint and huge fucking swords . 
  anyone speaking gaelic should have war paint on their skin and a huge fucking sword . 
  otherwise it just does n't sound right . 
  which city ? 
  eh , i do n't think it is necessarily a misuse , more like a disagreement . 
  these are abstract , subjective and context-sensitive issues that people have been debating for centuries . 
  and as you see , even here definitions are divergent . 
  though i can understand you might feel differently , being a scot . 
  context does matter and your situation is less clear-cut than that of a sovereign country . 
  then it is a question of definitions . 
  nationalism seems to be widely understood as placing your country as superior to others . 
  this is considered inherently toxic - after all , what really matters is that other countries should suck more , instead of focusing on improving yours . 
  arguably , there is a difference between patriotism and nationalism . 
  almost no one criticizes patriotism . 
  both world wars , really . 
  pointless exercises in butchery . 
   use or just `` eu '' :p, 
  hmm , close , but i would place it further east . 
  italian tourism board shills strike again !, 
  joking , of course , love those galleries . 
  haha , that 's like selling useless shit to pilgrims . 
  hey , here , buy a plastic figurine of virgin mary !, 
  reddit consists of many various groups , some of them polar opposites . 
  though members of any group may sound similar , it is always just one section of the whole . 
  additionally , you are essentially insulting people by insinuating the readers are mindless followers . 
  that 's rather pointless . 
   what is the argument here ? 
  the traditional media make biased reports , so lets install new ones to make the same biased but opposite reports ?? 
  what good does it do ? 
  the whole `` mainstream media are biased '' argument is bullcrap .
