  the current government is fundamentally against liberal democracy . 
  he is a fool who thinks that because we did n't purge everyone who was part of the previous system , no new system could arise . 
  well , newsflash , every system includes in itself large part of the populace and no peaceful change can happen without leaving most of them where they are . 
  people like the poster you replied to probably would have preferred the fall of communism to be extremely bloody and vindictive . 
  thankfully , poles did not choose a civil war back then . 
  rofl , also jet fuel ca n't melt steel trees, 
  the russian business-political scene is full of brutal players with links to all kinds of mafia and special services , so it can be any of that . 
  just a demonstration of what environment the russian way of governing creates . 
  i am certain the official salary is relatively humble . 
  but somehow so many gifts fall your way when you have the ear of putin . 
  yeah !, 
  not too many but there was certain charm to all that hopeless brutality !, 
  i was shocked when they announced it those months ago . 
  it was crazy even for them . 
  damn , learned about it kinda late . 
  i sure will go to the next big demo , though . 
  the problem with real-life crazy authoritarians is that they are never as cool and fun as judge dredd . 
  nazi-jewish-muslim army that will invade poland any day now . 
  that league , definitely . 
  if he was a millennial he would be doing youtube videos uncovering the truth . 
  `` false poles '' , `` lie-poles '' , `` not true poles '' etc. 
  fuck this tribal bullshit . 
  most conspiracy theories suffer from such dichotomies . 
  the powers that be are often both terribly incompetent and all-powerful . 
  of course , people who are worried by the current government must be either sick or liars , eh ? 
  how convenient , but at least it helps you to be 200 % right . 
  i vote left-wing , but this is something else than `` the right is bad '' . 
  it is an authoritarian mentality and frankly it comes in all colors - see places like venezuela . 
  nah , jews are popular in many places . 
  please hurry . 
  i am sorry i do not hold him in high esteem . 
  i do not hate him , though . 
  i do despise kukiz and many of his followers , but that 's a different topic altogether . 
  while passing this law would be surprising indeed , his position of a minor mp in a secondary non-ruling party makes it unlikely that anything he proposes will ever see completion . 
  additionally , this law likely wo n't affect the wider issue of marijuana , which is probably closer to what liroy and many proponents of the medical would truly want . 
  hence , probably `` wo n't do anything '' . 
  random , as in , this government is very conservative , definitely the `` drugs are bad , mkay '' kind . 
  so any such move would be a result of a mix of circumstances , like ignorance as to how medical marijuana is generally pushed and seen as a stepping stone to wider marijuana acceptance . 
  although , as i wrote in my previous post , this probably wo n't help much here anyway . 
  if this happens it will be so random i do n't even . 
  thouuugh , i do n't see it influencing the police treatment of people caught with actual weed . 
  the article mentions `` medicines containing '' medical marijuana , so it will be easy for the cops and courts to differentiate . 
  you wo n't be able to say `` yo , but it is medicinal '' , because medicinal would be a pill , oil or somesuch . 
  now , one might argue that the active ingredient is legal now . 
  but restricted prescription medicines already contain many of the recreational drugs analogues/precursors and it does not prevent the law enforcement from treating the street versions like a crime against humanity . 
  to sum it up , i do n't think it will decriminalize weed without actual legislative move to decriminalize weed . 
  and that wo n't happen in this parliament . 
  i hate the party he comes from , but if they have one achievement it is getting liroy in the parliament . 
  not that he will do anything or that he is even sensible , it is just hilarious . 
  yeah . 
  we have tried europe of `` strong , sovereign nations '' for millennia and results were , ah , mixed . 
  eu countries wo n't go to war the moment eu falls apart , but the increased competition and shattered ties are very likely to gradually create destructive situations that we would today consider unthinkable . 
  annexing poland would not be new , really . 
  not that i would personally complain , though the modern germans would n't want poland . 
  they already got east germany to deal with . 
  eh , so what is left uninvaded ? 
  denmark , maybe ? 
  even uk is iffy , what with all those angles and saxons illegally immigrating to britain a while ago . 
  kinda too late . 
  anti-immigrant commenters have proclaimed orban their jesus months ago . 
  boooring , annex someone new this time . 
  switzerland , maybe ? 
  germany never invaded switzerland , or at least not in the last century . 
  so , similar dynamic as in the rest of europe . 
  you would fit right in . 
  which reminds me , eu was supposed to crack down on tax havens . 
  no problem with switzerland getting bullied some more on the issue . 
   also for your average person the refugee crisis has no tangible impact on their everyday life but what about those omnipresent sharia rape gangs i read every day here about !, 
  you must be misinformed , you should move out of germany to get a better picture !, 
  more like classic reddit or even classic comment section . 
  articles concerning particularly heinous crimes always have their share of self-righteous bloodthirsty comments . 
  welp , civilization and reason are not automatic , people easily default to tribal village understanding of justice . 
  there is a strong emphasis on non-violence in the wikipedia article you linked . 
  at some point it becomes rebellion or insurgency or low-level terrorism . 
  shooting is , arguably , that point . 
  anyway , does it really matter how you call it ? 
  it is obviously justified to you , so definition is not important and it is bound to be interpreted differently depending on one 's political stance . 
  call it `` citizen uprising '' if you wish , i just think `` civil disobedience '' is stretching it , but whatever . 
  even if you find it justified in ze defense of ze european civilization or something , this is not civil disobedience . 
  i am actually against such notions . 
  perhaps you misunderstood me . 
  your scientific mind should let you realize that harm reduction is a viable strategy . 
  good to hear you know all the outcomes . 
  because it would n't work , would require creating a police state to even start and would greatly inflame minority relations , validating the extremists and significantly increasing their recruitment . 
  holy shit , i actually gave a serious answer to this question . 
   one could argue the same is true for islam . 
  i am sorry but that 's just ridiculous . 
  islam is stupid and harmful , but it is definitely a religion . 
  yeah , it is arbitrary but no , you can not define it away . 
  people who throw such ideas have rejected europen values a while ago . 
  and the uk will lose a scapegoat for everything else . 
  no one will care about british whining if they quit . 
  american spelling is dominant anyway . 
  much of eastern europe will probably break off too , if it continues like that . 
  well , i do n't want to scapegoat the uk , plenty of discontent in the eu . 
  the british are simply , well , the `` best '' at doing it , best known for doing it as well as very adept at getting multiple exceptions to the point where constant demands might be annoying for many . 
  but , of course , they are not alone in any of the above , not by far . 
  especially nowadays eu is creaking at its seams and who knows where we will all be in ten years . 
  i wish you were wrong . 
  but i think that the anti-european streak of the polish government is more of a cultural and civilizational divide , with the current rulers ' mentality being incompatible with most of european values and thus naturally gravitating off to central asia where their political thought wants to be .
