  if they do gain power , they gain it via divisions among their political opponents , not through actual popularity . 
  well , then the left is doing great in this respect !, 
  not even the safest . 
  there is no such thing as `` balance '' , there is only the current consensus . 
  the emergent farther-right is hardly more competent . 
  much of their rhetoric is trump-level and their discourse is purely emotional . 
  but hey , they often like trump and putin , so no great surprise there . 
  hey , that 's actually not that bad !, 
  for many months it was all doom and gloom , far-right on the march in europe etc. , but it seems their rise is peaking/has peaked . 
  this does n't mean that the mainstream parties should n't get their shit together in many areas . 
  `` reasonable '' is an entirely subjective term , i am afraid . 
  as usual , it is rather short-sighted of the turkish leadership not settling the matter with armenia over the years . 
  practically every nation did some evil in the past , reconcile and get over it . 
  that does n't surprise me , considering who the polish populace voted in . 
  reminder : `` right '' and `` left '' are terribly simplistic labels that do not even remotely reflect the reality . 
  their main issues are not evil or dickery , but incompetence , ignorance and paranoia . 
  they could subscribe to any ideology and i would still want them out by whatever non-violent means necessary . 
  seriously now, 
  they are not nazi-far right but they are definitely far in many respects . 
  anyway `` right '' and `` left '' are meaningless as useful descriptors . 
  parties often have a mix of ideas and pis is definitely no exception , with plethora of welfare policies . 
  yah , anything of the sort , even if justified , would have to be tightly controlled , not commercial . 
  this whole thread is people arguing overly simple labels that are often understood very differently . 
  each political party is different , guys , often markedly . 
  just because two parties are called `` left '' `` right '' or `` conservative '' does n't mean shit . 
  we have a similar situation in poland , with both the prime minister and president being sad spineless puppets of the real ruler , the leader of the governing party . 
  at least erdogan wants to take the power and wield it openly - kaczynski wants to be this oh-so-very-wise grey eminence , sitting in the back row , making all the fun decisions but taking no responsibility . 
  they are ( were , who the fuck knows or cares what are they now ) moderate center-right conservatives so it is not surprising they might look lukewarm compared to the likes of pis . 
  either way it would still be european . 
  but this list is terribly incomplete anyway . 
  turks took it !, 
  constantinople was not controlled by asian or middle eastern cultures for much of this time . 
   defend the dutch territory from what ? 
  from the sea . 
  no , wait , they defeated it long ago , move along . 
  it is not about an `` arms race '' , it is about maintaining a somewhat functional military . 
  you sound like a classic cozy western european who thinks history fucking ended . 
  yeah , it was a complex issue even back then . 
  even if lviv and vilnius remained polish-jewish , it would be hard to keep them when the whole country around them was not . 
  it is sad when cities get purged , nonetheless , i hope it does n't happen again to anyone . 
   yeah , it was a nightmare . 
  not sure if sarcastic or not . 
  either way , that was not was i talking about . 
  i have no problems with the commonwealth , i have a problem with taking back `` ancestral lands '' , which has been a great motivation for europe to be at war all the time . 
  you are right , but the same applies to south american , african or asian countries , especially those small and not very important - just like the baltic states we are talking about . 
  they are culturally european in most respects , though . 
  and the 19th-century thinking about `` rightful lands '' is not entirely dead in the rest of europe either , though thankfully it is a fringe view more often than not . 
  i bet there are people in greece who say this without sarcasm . 
  hence the whole dispute . 
  frankly , only some poles are offended by this . 
  mostly the ones who want to be offended and relish in delusions of martyrdom . 
  also , it slightly touches the issue of anti-semitism and polish complicity in some crimes against jews . 
  poles also did a lot of heroic things for the jews , but a lot of people are unable to see more complexity than black-and-white . 
  tbh , you guys are being a bit evil . 
  countries steal place names all the time from each other . 
  forcing some destitute hopeless slavs to use constructs like `` fyrom '' is pointless humiliation . 
  while i am firmly on your side , perhaps part of the problem is naming of the act . 
  swedes could have created words for the extended meanings of rape instead of widening it . 
  they could be just as negative but different , resulting in less confusion . 
  anyways , that 's definitely hindsight , just idly thinking . 
  europeans often laugh at american geographical ignorance but fuck me if i can point half of the us states . 
  and most of the other half i know only because i am actively interested in your country . 
  most people would get just florida , new york , california , texas and even these would require effort . 
  so glad europe is past `` taking back their rightful cities '' nowadays . 
  well , except russians , they still think this way . 
  well , there is meaning in everything , though mainly it is just boring-fascinating physics . 
  such mistakes are rather puzzling , considering the universal availability of maps in the internets . 
  someone must have made an actual effort to do it wrong . 
  traffic laws , the first step towards tyranny . 
  of course , i mean it is political only . 
   since it is strongly dependant on russian economy . 
  being in nato does not prevent normal trade . 
  even if ukraine was in nato little would change except for the inability to send `` tourists '' there . 
  his nick is a major hint , though . 
  of course , there are many factors . 
  in europe it is more about the immigrant crisis , the weakening of the eu and resurgent nationalism . 
  though the social aspect was part of why the current party won in poland . 
  previous center-right governments neglected many areas . 
  i roughly understand how he thinks regarding ukraine - all the more reason to oppose him and what he stands for . 
  yeah , all those political assassinations and fomenting civil wars . 
  no wonder the british distrust eu . 
  edit : oh , and how eu annexed cornwall , that was a dick move too . 
  hitler 's last victim : serious discussion about his art . 
   he is n't wrong . 
  politically manipulative statements often are n't technically wrong . 
  you can push almost any angle while remaining `` essentially true '' . 
  devil , details , hitlers , etc. 
  i like how he was already testing camo colors for fallschirmj\u00e4ger . 
  fuck what he thinks . 
  all the good intentions are negligible in the face of consistent dickery . 
  such people are even more dangerous , actually . 
  that is why far-sighted political elites work to limit such demographics by reducing inequality . 
  because it creates a fertile ground for such `` leaders '' . 
  was n't berlusconi a similar thing for italians ? 
  putin worked long and hard for his negative perception . 
  and even then plenty of people in the west like him , because ungh ungh ungh great manly leader . 
  yeah !, 
  like hitler !, 
  why are they bad in winter ? 
  yeah , this sucks .
