  we 're not immune to war , we have n't reached some enlightened status that makes morally superior , and we certainly are n't militarily invulnerable . 
  if the conditions that traditionally lead to wars arose again , we should expect war to return with them . 
  there is no point in going to war for any non-suicidal reason when the only possible outcome is mutual destruction . 
  thank lord god jesus christ for nukes . 
  unless they are on a shit employment contract and their employer just wo n't prolong it  polish employment environment is so broken . 
   `` militaries are bad . 
  conscription is bad . 
  mlitary is murder boo . 
  because they are !, 
  but they are the best answer to even worse things . 
   finland and russia will go to war in the future . 
  join nato and there is a chance you wo n't , 
  i think people just dislike sweeping generalizations about reality . 
  yeah , i know it , i am just ridiculing thinking in terms of 19th century strategy . 
  the ones that forget it the most are russians , what with the fears that nato will encircle them and march on moscow or something . 
  i still find it silly when countries like russia think in terms of tanks , fleets and troop movements , when any conflict with nato is going to be mostly about air power and a quick nuclear stand-off . 
  for example , about nato `` encircling '' russia a and having access to their midst via ukraine or about russian fleet access to the baltic . 
  i mean , what do they imagine , nato troops marching towards moscow overland like some goddamn napoleon ? 
  russian fleet blockading poland or something ? 
  that just does n't make sense . 
  the kind of people the are going there are probably not on normal people 's radar anyways . 
  not really , it mostly connected with the main topic . 
  great , very heartening !, 
  i am very pessimistic about the outcome of a similar experiment in poland , though . 
  the first is real . 
  the second one is a strawman . 
  there goes your `` balance '' . 
  and parts of europe seem to be still stuck in the early 20th century . 
  why ? 
   it is ~ ~ almost ~ ~ ridiculous . 
  yeah , well people are dumb . 
  i mean , every time the west does anything in the middle east , they are called `` crusaders '' . 
  good riddance . 
  the point is not to harm russia , but to prevent russia from harming european countries . 
  putin is secretly gandhi, 
  europe was perfectly friendly until russia started this current shit . 
  excellent . 
  screw anti-vaxxers . 
  well , he did kinda oppose chaos and serves as a lighthouse now , so it is not all bad . 
  winston de gaulle, 
  inertia was what caused maidan . 
  the country was rotting and a person as inept as yankuovich was likely to provoke something along these lines regardless of western influence . 
  and , well , hindsight makes things seem so simple , eh, 
  if putin continues being as self-destructive , he will liberate russia from putin himself . 
  of course , he just might overliberate ukrainians on the way , and no one really wants that . 
  i love you . 
  yeah , there were many things that could have been done differently . 
  but first , much of it was inertia of ukrainian clusterfuck and there was only so much the west could have influenced anyway , and second , none of this makes it reasonable not to oppose putin and support the current ukrainian government . 
  oh , they sure root for usa when they need them , which comes eventually . 
  if not for gwb fucking it royally up and invading left and right , you would be now intervening in syria as heroes . 
  did you read the article ? 
  russia wants to evict one of our diplomatic establishments unless we pay one million dollars they suddenly found we owe . 
  so we should just shut up and allow russians to kick out some of our diplomats ? 
  when they have a gigantic embassy in warsaw as well as 14 other buildings in polish cities ? 
  edit : and no , they are certainly not paying rent on them . 
  edit2 : some of the buildings have regulated status , but half of them does not . 
  they also own some 14 other buildings in town , we can evict each other , no probs . 
  it still matters , being there or not being there is largely symbolic and a president still represents their country even if they are not that popular . 
  i know , i know . 
  all hail gulf stream . 
  heh , opposition to both is generally baseless . 
  russia had no problem trading with multiple eu/nato countries . 
  the only thing these organizations prevented was bullying their members either by force or gas monopoly . 
  so it really is about russia being this selfish asshole bully kid not understanding why no one likes them . 
  well , it would n't be unlikely in the event of a deep russian crisis , i just think it would n't be a threat in terms of a world war . 
  national-socialist parties are not really suicidal . 
  why would they start a nuclear war ? 
  remember how feminists sometimes talk about toxic male culture and everyone tells them they are crazy and aggressive ? 
  in some ways , putin is a great example of how machismo directly makes the world a crappier place . 
  occupation does not end a war . 
  in many ways , it would be only a start , with russia being sanctioned to hell , bleeding resources like mad and collapsing not long afterwards . 
  it fascinates me how putin makes his worst fears real - he revitalized a fading nato , he pushes the nordics into the alliance , he caused the relative remilitarization of the nato eastern flank ... 
  it 's like he decided russia can only be happy in a cold war . 
  perhaps there is some merit to this line of thinking . 
  for the same reason europe ate germany . 
  sure , they might be a dominant voice now , but they are bound with us . 
  even if nato does not just join the war , there would be an endless tide of equipment and volunteers . 
  many of them military on `` holidays '' . 
  finns are our friends , even if we are not bound by law . 
  i am glad he did n't follow through with some of his flagship promises , like flat tax or first-past-the-post . 
  we would be screwed even more now . 
  seeing how politicians are usually perceived here , neutral is a pretty high grade , heh heh i would n't say half of the society does n't like him . 
  the right-wing pis followers hate his guts but otherwise people tend to be lukewarm , i think . 
  some good moves , some not so good , generally stable uneventful governance . 
  he was a predictable politician providing a lot of stability and generally preferring slow incremental progress as opposed to any revolutionary bursts - which was both good and bad . 
  oh , and he occasionally had some bouts of silly populism when his advisors came up with some `` brilliant '' idea . 
  neither a visionary nor an in-depth individual , but generally a responsible fellow who believes in democracy and institutions . 
  lol , he was also the longest-serving and most successful prime minister since the fall of communism . 
  i am not a great fan of his , but his image was not `` neutral-negative '', 
  `` it turned out '' goddamn contract killers getting sudden original ideas all over the place . 
  religious hate ? 
  :d them terrorists !, 
  it is an interesting situation that showed how weak his power really is and this post is interesting . 
  the indecisiveness of kremlin propaganda machine is quite telling even with a resurrected putin . 
  what was that about ? 
  chechens and fsb thing ? 
  there was too much hasty covering up for him . 
  i am sure grand conspiracies are fun in theory , but they do not work . 
  one of those cases where mortality is a reassuring thing . 
  and yet so many people still fall for it .
