  not entirely surprising . 
  first , putin is a cunning fellow and easy pr stunts are easy . 
  second , i can easily imagine him not being personally homophobic and simply going along the greater flow of russian conservatism in order to be popular . 
  not that he is a liberal in disguise , but the nature of his subjects is not moderating at all . 
  that 's just a mask made of botox . 
  underneath he is very much decayed . 
  a mummy , of a kind . 
  the wave will subside , though , this was essentially an overflow . 
  proper channels will be restored either way , though i hope it becomes coordinated instead of every european country for itself like now . 
  do n't know about the donations , but taking people only from the refugee camps sounds like it would have been a great idea a year ago or so . 
  sadly , europe was happy to mostly ignore the problem then , and so now we got an explosion . 
  yup . 
  it is getting a little bit better in recent days , but the narrative is still much to often somewhere between `` dirty arabs '' and `` fuck you , got mine '' . 
   mate , they came from the middle east almost 2000 years ago . 
  the only europe we had back then was what the romans had conquered . 
  and we are still roughly christian and non-jewish despite the onslaught of judaism-obsessed migrants !, 
   i guess you 've never been in one of those cities then or know what they looked like 60 years ago . 
  they changed more in that relatively small time period than they ever did in 1000 years before that . 
  i have been to marseille and london . 
  yeah , a lot of funny-looking people , so what ? 
  on the other hand , i live in poland were everything is horribly ethnically and culturally homogenous . 
  you still have ghettos of poverty and `` no-go zones '' which are incompatible with outsiders . 
  i am not certain such a state is inherently `` better '' . 
   the cultural difference between jews and europeans is ridiculously small and they 've been everywhere in europe since the diaspora during the roman empire , so that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  ridiculously small ? 
  they were from the middle-east , just like arabs . 
  middle-eastern immigrants were eroding our `` europeanness '' for a thousand years and yet we are not jewish by now . 
   just look at marseille , rotterdam , stockholm , london etc. 
  the changes those cities went through because of this immigration is insane , and many would say those cities are n't french/dutch/swedish / english anymore humanity is in constant flux , those `` many '' are mistaken to think things do not change and grossly exaggerate said changes . 
  no one says it is always positive either , but it is a fact of life . 
  trying to preserve some kind of eternal `` purity '' is neither practical nor sensible . 
   you ca n't force japan , ghana or saudi-arabia to embrace this lunacy , they 're way too proud of their own culture . 
  but no one calls those people racists for wanting to preserve that , yet here we are ... saudis and the japanese are n't racists/aren ' t called racists ? 
  before eu ? 
  well , in europe we had a cold war which was kinda unifying the west and ( to lesser extent ) the east , although the east was mostly forced into that . 
  and before that we had two europe-centric world wars and millennia of continental warfare . 
  europe of independent competing states was , historically , a recipe for trouble . 
  i am all for proper processing , in fact . 
   the problem is that maybe even 500 million people want to come . 
  that 's plain stupid , sorry . 
  contrary to what you might think most people do n't want to migrate unless they really have to . 
  even if they live in a desert , it is their desert where they feel at home . 
  no one says they are an improvement . 
  of course refugees are a huge cost and a problem . 
  but it is false to say that we can not help a number of them . 
  and we should , because we have always helped refugees and it is part of what makes us civilized . 
   and it threatens europe because they totally change the cultural and demographic landscape of europe . 
  there were a huge number of jews long time ago , and yet europe was still europe . 
  of course , some people thought they were a threat , so here we are . 
  and what exactly do you hope will replace it ? 
  we kind of tried a europe of proud strong nations , quite a lot in fact . 
  there were always limits and there was always the asylum process . 
  and how do their decisions threaten the whole of europe ? 
  which just reinforces the need for some mothafucking orderly response and not this `` anyone but me '' idiocy . 
  there goes eu , then, 
  what hard choices ? 
  you seem to have some solutions in mind . 
  threats ? 
  no one in eu will force you to do anything . 
  uh , no ? 
  it is simply an attempt to better manage the situation , not a u-turn on the whole issue . 
  dream on . 
  the end of schengen and trust between the countries will be the end of eu alright . 
  this . 
  current situation , where plenty of countries sit on the sidelines , is disgusting . 
  that is why there should be a pan-european solution and not this hot potato bullshit . 
  sadly , it seems most other countries are content to not give a fuck . 
  this has a serious potential to destroy eu , much bigger than the euro crisis . 
  congratulations , europe , nationalism and selfishness threaten our continent yet again . 
  such love !, 
  thankfully , you are not into shooting each other nowadays . 
  a small number of refugees is probably christian . 
  sadly , they are also arabs , so many people do n't like them anyway . 
   that 's what civilized [ 1 ] ( left ) men do . 
  haha , `` our death squads are better than your death squads ! '', 
  yeah , like christians . 
  most of them are not in a hurry , though . 
  you are blatantly misinterpreting the quote you provided . 
  somehow , you have inserted `` directly '' , even though there is nothing about it in the definition . 
  but it does n't mean the refugees are not refugees anymore , just that they do n't follow the rules . 
  in this case the rules turned out to be woefully inadequate , so an explosion happened and here we are . 
   anything beyond that is economic migration , and you all should admit that so we can move on to the next discussion - how open should europe 's immigration policies be ? 
  why would anyone agree with that ? 
  why is your definition of refugee supposed to be the right one again ? 
   the 1951 refugee convention spells out that a refugee is someone who `` owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality , and is unable to , or owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country . '', 
  most important part : that they are outside . 
  not that they are in the first country , 10 meters from the border . 
  they can be on the north pole and they will still be refugees as long a syria remains a warzone while they don ; t have any other citizenship . 
  say , i lose my home , my belongings , my job , my whole social environment . 
  i am sorry that i will want to earn as much as possible as fast as possible to try to mend the huge crater the war left in my life . 
  what you call abuse is existential necessity . 
  nope . 
  no one says anywhere they lose that status . 
  they still lost everything , they do n't magically un-refugee themselves once they put a foot in a reception centre . 
  refugees are refugees because they lost their homes , jobs , belongings in a war . 
  it does n't matter where they end up , they are still refugees . 
  you do n't stop being one just because you got a spot in a tent somewhere . 
  i do n't know about your motivation , but usually when this argument is raised in poland nobody actually cares about the dignity of refugees . 
  it is just yet another bullshit smokescreen for masking unwillingness to take any refugees at all . 
  biologically , there is all kinds of cruel bullshit .
