  seems he wo n't miss the opportunity to prove he really is just a dumb authoritarian . 
  `` guns are disgusting and i kinda like islam '' - benjamin franklin, 
   would you accept more limitations if it meant living in france felt less like playing russian roulette , yes . 
  i hope you are describing people 's emotions and that 's not your opinion . 
  terrorism is horrible , but death toll of terrorist attacks is statistically negligible - crossing the road is more dangerous . 
  it is all psychological . 
  yes , thankfully ` benevolent dictator ' is a fantasy that the west , after centuries of hardship , learned to reject . 
  thank god . 
   but the palestinians had absolutely no right to try to limit the self determination of the jews . 
  ... who came into their land and planted a flag . 
   palestine and the arab states are the aggressor for trying to destroy israel . 
  history matters . 
   history also matters for the peace agreements . 
  u are ignoring history u dont like . 
  so history starts after israel magically appears there ? 
  out of nowhere , peacefully ? 
  you do n't see a problem with a massive influx of settlers establishing a nation state and occupying the natives ? 
  arab countries were a bunch of dicks , but you can not ignore israel 's original sin . 
  and who exactly started the fight ? 
  it is a long conflict lasting decades . 
  you can not claim `` but they started it '' when it is all a long chain of events . 
   which it does . 
  1995 ( oslo accords ) 2000 ( camp david agreement ) 2008 ( olmert agreement ) yes , i am talking about current israel policy which is nothing but . 
  i think the amount of land matters , also part of this land is the claim to jerusalem . 
  nothing comparable in ni . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  saw the 80 number somewhere in the thread and got careless . 
  was n't the point for me , could be 40 , still as unacceptable . 
  regardless , it is israel that is in the position of power and it is israel that claims the moral higher ground so it could at least try genuinely pursuing peaceful solutions . 
  as it stands , they seem to have given up on this , and aim to entrench and encroach in order to strengthen future claims . 
  neither do palestinian actions make the occupation right . 
  israel can not escape the responsibility of creating and maintaining the situation that leads to this . 
   the people of israel would vote out any government that lets them be harmed or lets them have rocket fire over their head . 
  by maintaining status quo , they ensure it will happen again . 
  it 's simply kicking the can down the road . 
   it must be treated to act like a democracy , which is at the whim of the people who care for their own well being . 
  this does n't make its actions automatically good or justified . 
  hamas was also a democratic choice . 
  of course , right of return is unacceptable . 
   but if palestine would attack israel , as happened when israel left gaza , then israel should stay until they would accept peace . 
  i disagree . 
  yes , palestinians might attack israel just like hamas in gaza . 
  but they should be given a chance not to . 
  israel is more than capable of fending them off , with minimal losses . 
  maintaining a perpetual occupation is simply brewing a future conflict either way . 
  i do n't think we fundamentally disagree here . 
  problem arises when holocaust ( or any other tragic historical injustice ) is used as a cudgel and an ultimate justification . 
  as time flies , israel becomes more and more reliant on its contemporary reputation and that is why it gradually drifts away from europe and usa . 
  europe has been rather ambivalent on the matter for a long time now , much more than the us . 
   careful , history is connected to the present , do n't feel the need to brush it off so quickly . 
  also the events of 70 years ago , in my eyes , is ` recent history ' . 
  that 's your view . 
  at least in europe , we mostly have gone past the events of the world war 2 and we are not using it to fuel or justify modern conflicts . 
  if we did , we would be at war with each other again and again and again . 
  sure , but history is history . 
  only the recent part of it really counts and in this israel has been becoming `` just another dickhead me country '' more and more . 
  not there yet , but the trajectory is rather troubling and the damage is already considerable . 
  see for example the collapse of american bipartisan consensus on the matter . 
  not under the strict definition , but it had many of the same characteristics and effects regardless . 
  i am rather averse to the idea of `` historic homelands '' as well . 
  it would be unlikely , thanks to obama , but netanyahu was definitely pushing for such a scenario or a scenario that made such war much more probable . 
  either way , he wanted to use usa to bully iran , either by intimidation or by force . 
  ca n't go around the fact that one of those groups appeared rather suddenly , using the weakness of the natives . 
  what is it if not colonization ? 
  migration is fine . 
  forcibly establishing a nation state in a land already inhabited by a different ethnic group , is not . 
  he did his utmost to create a situation where a conflict with iran was becoming an inevitability . 
  thankfully , he failed . 
  does n't make a massive influx of settlers and a colonization war any more right . 
  they were doing the same shit before the region started disintegrating . 
  and at the beginning the main destabilizing factor was the western forces . 
  additionally , netanyahu really wanted usa to have another war , with iran . 
  the region burning itself to the ground is very much in his interest . 
  other countries in the region achieved independence despite having been part of the same empire and ottomans did not colonize them or put them in isolated enclaves . 
  native americans were stabbing regular americans until you killed almost all of them . 
  the problem is , israel uses the continued occupation for strengthening their claims , entrenching and slowly expanding settlements . 
  they do n't use it just to protect themselves , they cynically use it to gain even more leverage at the cost of keeping millions of people in a perpetual limbo of poverty and military occupation . 
  of course not , but it seems to me israel has not been interested in a solution for a while now . 
  so , until the terms are `` acceptable '' , they have the right to occupy palestinians forever ? 
  i wonder why do they want to stab israelis . 
  does it have , perhaps , something to do with being occupied for 80 years or so ? 
  yes , except those millions of palestinians in the west bank who do not have the right to vote and are not considered citizens despite being occupied by israeli military for 80 years . 
  he was talking about these , not about israeli arabs . 
   in addition , our rebels goal was a free ireland ... not the destruction of another country and its populace if half of ireland , including the capital , was declared `` england '' then your ancestors might have been a little bit more destructive . 
   in addition , every israeli is conscripted , so they 're all soldiers . 
  i agree with everything else you wrote but definitely not with this . 
  yeah , they are conscripted , but it does n't make them all soldiers and make every civilian fair game . 
  that was only possible because these were generally sparsely populated colonial regions . 
  it is kinda different when you try to take land with heavily entrenched native population that does n't like you . 
  so it is fine to keep people under occupation forever because we fear them ? 
  perhaps they should n't have colonized a piece of land in the middle of them and put the native populace under permanent military occupation . 
  i am all for not letting israel be destroyed but let 's not frame it as if they are innocent victims of evil muslim hordes . 
  yeah , seriously , i would love a solution to the israeli-palestinian feud but with so many other global and regional challenges it just is n't a priority anymore . 
  even if they exploded into another war , people would just shrug . 
  of course , it would be extremely serious , but it would be just another idiocy thrown on top of many others . 
  we are not `` suckered '' , there just are n't any good options . 
   all of you that are celebrating the victory of democracy yeah , start with a massive strawman , why not . 
  nobody celebrates a victory of democracy . 
  but the coup was a horrible idea , even if it had turned successful . 
  oh riiight , let 's give them just the choices we like .
