   destabilization of the middle east created isis there was also that thing `` arab spring '' . 
  this is what caused the civil war in syria and what majorly destabilized the region . 
  at the point , iraq was actually stable . 
  furthermore , while many jihadis came from iraq , it was isis that invaded iraq . 
  they formed and organized in syria . 
   a simple chain of events set in motion and exacerbated by them it was not a `` simple chain of events '' , it was a complex confluence of many factors , regional , cultural , foreign . 
  if you see it all that way , no wonder we fundamentally disagree . 
   that is publicly denouncing the eu , that wants it dead very recent development , if trump pursues it against the us diplomatic establishment , we will reevaluate . 
   that caused the refugee crisis false , sorry . 
  not going deep into the genesis of syrian civil war here . 
   brexit usa was not responsible for brexit . 
   arguably ukraine sure , if you agree with putin 's narrative that protests were a cia operation . 
  so , to sum it up , no wonder we see things differently when we operate on a vastly different set of perceptions . 
  you seem to think usa is the root of all evil , i disagree . 
  the french and the germans , among others , publicly spoke against it , quite loudly and quite a lot . 
  sanctioning a country means they are not your friend or ally . 
  i disagree usa is a rival or enemy and would see such a trans-atlantic rift as a sign that what we call `` west '' has fallen apart . 
  we are already independent enough to stand our ground on issues we disagree on . 
  for example , much of western europe was vehemently opposed to iraq war . 
  well , if anything happens , then you will have a huge manhunt and any organized group will be likely chased down . 
  it 's not like there will be a bunch of well-organized invisible guerilla groups running around . 
  feel free to explain , otherwise i have no idea what you mean . 
  eu army is not mutually exclusive with alliance with the us . 
  obama administration was in favor , i think . 
  they want us to have better military so that if anything happens we can help more . 
  i am positive they are not that toothless . 
  attacking them would be very risky for anyone . 
  probably more , they are visible and have to be vigilant all the time . 
  a post office worker can get busy with their phone or whatever . 
  you should run a border fleet , armchair admiral sir . 
  nope , usa is not doing divide and conquer in eu . 
  at least not until this president . 
  they are not spineless , they simply do n't consider us their enemy . 
  their role is also reassurance of the populace and intimidation of potential perpetrators . 
  do you actually remember it ? 
  cheers , old timer !, 
  terrorism works on fear . 
  if it gets to people , the response is irrational . 
  soldiers are kinda cool though . 
  free market 's magic is kinda limited in huge infrastructural matters like these one . 
  coal tax would simply become a tax on populace , i do n't think they voted to punish themselves . 
  bwahaha , no , pis government is only in eu because of the funds and because the populace is strongly pro-eu . 
  otherwise , they are fundamentally opposed to many crucial western values . 
  in fact , if not for history and geopolitics , putin would be a great ideological ally for them . 
  well , no . 
  obviously some teenager activities can be highly criminal . 
  soon part of warsaw . 
  the italians formed , for a long time , an extremely dangerous and powerful crime group . 
   this experiment is testing the limits of humanitarianism and liberalism . 
  refugees are not an experiment . 
  your ancestors were likely ones . 
  but i see you post on td , so perhaps i am wasting my time . 
  sad , even !, 
  italians are all teenagers ? 
  you missed the `` significance '' part . 
  they are no counterparts of lepen or wilders . 
  actually , it very much can be . 
  joining terrorist organizations has always been one of the ways for teenagers to rebel . 
  name significant `` far-left '' parties in european politics , please . 
  false equivalence is a thing . 
  `` that nasty eu took away your cheese/rights/fish '', 
  russians will destroy themselves all on their own . 
  what is important is to contain their tourism . 
  the less subtle of germany 's rivals will always drag dead hitler out of his grave at the slightest pretext . 
  just continue being nice and do your thing . 
  european spirit !, 
  treating old invasions and occupation as a joke , instead of a grudge . 
  otherwise we would have to do that bullshit all over again !, 
  probably a bunch of different ones , a pre-internet meme , like many jokes . 
  the version i heard was about how reagan and brezhnev wake up in the future after a long period of hibernation and are given current newspapers . 
  brezhnev picks one , looks , laughs and shows it to reagan - it reads `` usa is now the greatest communist country in the world ! '' . 
  reagan picks up another newspaper , looks , laughs and shows it to brezhnev . 
  it reads `` minor disturbances on the polish-chinese border '' . 
  welp , the russian establishment likes to act imperial , bullying weaker neighbors and then normal russians are surprised about all the `` russophobia '' . 
  a consequence of having little actual control over the tsar , i suppose . 
  if modern russia has any ideology it always defends , it is corrupt kleptocracy . 
  their elites often see pro-transparency and anti-corruption movements as an existential threat . 
  so much that they put on trial a dead man whom they first tortured to death for uncovering their thievery . 
  we got the same joke about polish-chinese border . 
  he did it to himself . 
  his own paranoia crippled him . 
  at this stage i think everyone should pardon him for humanitarian reasons . 
  too much to discuss , sorry !, 
  there is too much wrongness in your post for me to really answer it , i just want to point out that it is rarely prudent to generalize a country or a culture to the extent of `` always '' or `` never '' . 
  these are complex matters and a complex history of millions of people , things are usually less simple . 
  level-headed = pro trump/poutine/lepen ? 
  thanks , i 'd rather be a crazy person , then . 
  even with trump , usa is not an enemy and will not be unless trump manages to purge the whole establishment . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  he was n't , at least not directly , and uk remains very anti-putin but he benefits from european disunity and was certainly happy it happened . 
  wtf sunless sea reference , i did not expect to see it anywhere, 
  not like anyone thought otherwise anyway . 
  netherlands should n't count in any contest concerning water , it 's just not fair . 
  i am afraid that for the crowd that flooded this thread the only real right-wing is lepen . 
   poland took in over a million refugees from ukraine . 
  that 's completely false . 
  many ukrainians come to poland to work , but there was no influx of refugees . 
  most actual ukrainian refugees relocated within ukraine or to russia . 
  i recommend reading a translation , it is pretty simple , but fun . 
  i know how to sing it too , lol .
