  guess it is a question of time . 
  being a victim does n't give a right to be a dick . 
  we can speculate with some degree of certainty . 
  both groups have different modus operandi , after all . 
  obviously , nothing is certain until it is properly checked , but we can have some idea . 
  what if a native european is maladjusted to the society ? 
  should they also move/be exiled ? 
  well , if it turns out to be long-term harmful , it will be phased out . 
  it 's not like they have many options anyway . 
  change , as always . 
  people a hundred years ago would be utterly horrified by a lot of things you consider normal . 
  do n't worry , you will die before it becomes truly scary . 
  either way it is a useful exercise in empathy and tolerance . 
  it does n't matter how we specifically define trans people , it matters how we treat them . 
  priest pedophiles are out , football coach pedophiles are in . 
  fun fact : some of the more cultist followers of the current polish government used to go to budapest and stage some marches in support of orban . 
  fuckers got their wish . 
  hey , hungarians , sorry for laughing at you back when poland was n't utterly fucked either !, 
  ok , maybe i went a bit too jesus there , but insulting people as being `` virgins '' ? 
  wtf is this , high school ? 
  that would be actually preferable !, 
  if some of them are truly lost , then we can just ignore them . 
  insulting them in such vulgar ways is childish and useless . 
  only a small minority is only ever irredeemable . 
  a lot of people outside of our political camps can be reasoned with and throwing blanket insults will simply make the divisions stronger . 
  i have spent way too much on reddit and have interacted with some really horrible people over the years . 
  but throwing insults fixes nothing , unless we are just venting in some echo chamber . 
  and i seriously dislike insults about virginity . 
  that 's the same as them calling us `` cucks '' `` faggots '' or what have you . 
  we are better than that , or at least we should strive to be . 
  i just do n't think we should insult political opponents . 
  we should be better than them - not remain silent or anything , but attack their ideas , not their persons . 
  especially not with such simple insults . 
  i am not sure calling them silly names is the right way to go . 
  and yet you need them but you wo n't persuade any with such rhetoric . 
  professions themselves are not yet immune to gender biases , though . 
  lots of women support trump and hofer . 
  it is never black and white , women can and do willingly support even sharia . 
  but the trend is there . 
  eh , moderates also appeal to `` common sense '' . 
  it is just a buzzword . 
  well , `` common sense '' means whatever anyone thinks it means . 
  yes . 
  that is also why we must defend christmas at all costs . 
  it is vital to democracy . 
  few people argue such a direction , though . 
  in these uncertain times i will take a 7.5 % lead over insanity , thank you very much . 
  and less bavarians , eh ? 
  :d why do you dislike them so ? 
  vastly superior to most alternatives , though, 
  better question is , can we really afford not to ? 
  misinformation is devastating the west , nowadays . 
  even if tabloids are more popular , we need some solid sources of information to anchor to . 
  but that 's the thing , nato 's future reliability is in question in the face of a trump win , brexit , possible win by lepen . 
  it is still unlikely it will crumble or weaken , but there is a non-negligible chance it does . 
  there is a very recent history of russia destabilizing parts of its former empire . 
  there is also a deep crisis in the west , with even nato 's continued existence being less certain . 
  it is not paranoia to calculate for bad outcomes . 
  nah , i think europeans - at least the elite - understand what makes authoritarians tick . 
  they know it is a balancing act and that he can be erratic when cornered . 
  it is not about ww3 but about russia stirring trouble using native russian minority and spec ops . 
  can you blame them for being wary when it happened before ? 
  nah , it is n't . 
  the world has changed and even though many of us yearn for the destructive emotions of the past , we can still steer away from self-harm . 
  that 's a shocker . 
  i do n't like insulting other people , but it is hilarious how so many casually slip into dehumanization nowadays . 
  these are not the 20s-30s of the 20th century . 
  but i can clearly hear the echoes . 
  i read the article . 
  those sites pretend they are neutral and just want to help with an informed decision , despite having a very anti-abortion agenda and manipulating people with tailored material . 
  that 's more misleading than emphasizing . 
  why do you assume i want unlimited immigration ? 
  i am opposed to the cap of zero , as suggested by the op . 
  but what a tremendous high energy payoff !, 
  there is no official requirement , but it is still a cultural one . 
  most western leaders are either religious or claim they are . 
  it was a hyperbole borne out of despair that we still cling to such backwardness . 
  being religious , at least nominally , is still a must in most of the world , western or otherwise . 
  i remember the nineties and early 2000s , when the world looked sane , generally going forward and seemingly grown up enough not to indulge in at least some idiocy . 
  that was a cool dream , pity it ended . 
  yeah !, 
  let 's keep them in camps !, 
  barbed wire a plus . 
  well , you live in a no-go zone , for example . 
  perhaps in czech republic , the most atheist country in europe . 
  everywhere else being religious is , sadly , a major requirement for a position of power . 
  totally fixes problems , especially the problem with all the five burqa users on the continent . 
  they are mostly dudes roleplaying a gay crusade fetish , though . 
  those `` white people '' were always a varied mix of cultures and religions . 
  unless what you meant was not culture , but race . 
   mashing them together creates chaos and war . 
  as we know , usa has been a terrible war-torn place for the last 200 years . 
  goddamn syrians and their hip hop music, 
  excellent !, 
  if numbers of refugees swell to much , un laws will be thrown under the bus this way or another . 
  a crucial difference between the nationalist trump/brexit/lepen / wilders crowd and more moderate people , like me , is that they think that moment has already come while i think europe can do a lot without straining itself . 
  there might be also some tiny-weenie differences in empathy too , but let 's not go there now . 
  obviously , it is best to have a robust foreign policy that will stabilize other parts of the world . 
  but if it fails - and it will fail if the current isolationist trends continue in the west - then the migrant numbers might eventually force us to to take decisions we would nowadays call immoral . 
  climate change , in particular , can cause a serious deterioration .
