  do not mistake hesitation with lack of power . 
  eu is a careful and soft-spoken organism , but it is very powerful . 
  they just prefer to try and wait things out , use subtle pressure first , etc. 
  however , the hammer will eventually fall . 
  ask greeks how did they like their strongly worded letter when they fucked up . 
  yes , for fucks sake , send some mothafucking help already !, 
  it should have already happened when they were neutering the constitutional court . 
  i always thought the `` orban veto '' was greatly overhyped . 
  sure , technically he has such a power , but neither this is the only way nor will orban die for poland . 
  orban is a soft-spoken opportunist , he will quickly sell polish hamfisted authoritarianism if he can . 
  he does n't actually believe in creating some kind of eastern-european empire outside of eu . 
  europe is getting invaded and i must tell everyone about it so they wake up !, 
  that 's utter bullshit , because they took over the constitutional court . 
  so everything they do is legal , because no one can tell them otherwise . 
  judges say what is legal and whether what they do violates the law and it is the * judges * that are getting subjugated . 
  do i have to spell it in all caps ? 
  they take control over the legal reality !, 
  they are becoming the fucking law !, 
  as long as they rule , they represent us , just like trump represents america . 
  so if poles want not to be conflated with them , they need to get their shit together and protest , agitate and vote for saner parties . 
  apparently , so far too many still think it all is `` no biggie '' . 
  i like him , but he is having an early obama moment now , with nobel prizes and stuff . 
  still , this halo will be useful when he does attempt to do something . 
  but the dream will burst like all the others . 
  they just picked this dream as their own . 
  some people feel lost and confused - especially many of the young - and search for purpose . 
  joining some terrorist organization , guerilla or a cult has been always one of the ways to answer their existential questions . 
  trump is very transparent about how he can be influenced and foreign services exploit it . 
  pomp and luxury are cheap , they will happily use it as a tool . 
  watch out for liver problems and going to fight in civil wars , though !, 
  dreams are 100 % real if you want them to !, 
  this is actually a really cool story , brother . 
  even though it is false , it is now real for me in my mind . 
  i did not say that . 
  perhaps you strongly identify with the idea i criticized and took my criticism of it personally . 
  a common behavior , but it is because you rose to defend what you think is right and took it on yourself . 
  still , you were n't personally targeted in the first place . 
  i do not say you are stupid or evil . 
  i say you are seriously mistaken . 
  but that does n't mean you must be automatically stupid or evil , you can just have made a different calculation because you had different experiences . 
  i attacked ideas . 
  you attacked people . 
  there is a major difference between saying `` your view is stupid '' and `` you are stupid '' . 
  one allows for some discussion , the other leaves space only for throwing shit at each other . 
   reading your reaction , it 's like reading the reaction of a little girl . 
  why would i argue with you about anything when you ca n't even maintain civil discourse ? 
  do you actually expect anyone will take you seriously if you insult them ? 
  or are you doing it because you think you will get the audience to applaud you ? 
  either way , i have no reason to interact with you any further , do i. 
  this is why i never wanted to mod anything as big . 
  the amount of bullshit that gets flung at mods is astounding , even though a mod is a glorified janitor . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  revolutioooooon or you could , like , check some other subs ? 
  i do n't generally remain on subs i strongly disagree with , or if i do , i have no illusion on changing them . 
  why would anyone read an article when they can glance at the headline and fill the blanks with their preconceptions ? 
  yeah , it is magical thinking . 
  what you gon na do when you hit the limit , blow up the border bridges ? 
  shoot everyone else who comes ? 
  human beings do not disappear just because you do n't have them on a list . 
  sweeping problems under the rug is what creates terrorist-breeding ghettos and places like the calais camp . 
  i have no problem with measures to limit immigration , but you do n't solve it with populist bullshit . 
  i would drop them in a second and actively oppose . 
  fuck revolutions . 
  they can just as well become a civil war , no way knowing it . 
  a civil war is a huge net loss for practically everybody . 
   huge part of european history is a fight for emancipation what ? 
  until somewhere in the last century , europe was a playground for a few dozen megalomaniacs , sweeping their armies back and forth burning cities and farms , for land , religion or just pure dominance . 
  most peasant rebellions were just drowned in blood , what emancipation . 
   so say , allowing only x % of the population to be in retirement and receiving a pension . 
  nice !, 
  never heard about it . 
  still , i would be extremely surprised if any such reform could come to effect without some major pension crisis . 
  people plan for their retirements , count years/months to them , etc. 
  this would bring serious uncertainty . 
  what ? 
  no , i do not . 
  yeah , read about it too , china has fantastic accumulation of closely-knit industrial zones . 
  things like electronics require complex multi-step processes , and there you can throw a bunch of metal and plastic in one direction and it will be an iphone when it falls to the ground . 
  replicating it in poor regions of europe would be really hard if not impossible . 
  how did you get revolution from that ? 
  razem is a social-democratic party that rejects violence . 
  jeez, 
  leftists are naturally liars , amrite, 
  actually i am writing from a desktop , like some kind of animal . 
  eu is not 18th century poland , it will not be paralyzed by liberum veto . 
  if the ~ ~ neo-carolingian empire ~ ~ eu wants to fuck us up , they will . 
  sorry for being a dick , then !, 
  i had the impression you were pushing the `` they are all the same '' line , which i hate . 
  i strongly dislike po/n , but i consider both them and kod as necessary if we want to have any chance of uprooting pis . 
  this is a very painful example of the classic `` lesser evil '' calculation . 
  i totally arrived to the protest on a city bike , so fuck yes . 
  if your choice was petru or schetyna , i ca n't blame you for having hard time deciding !, 
  they keep trying to outdo each other as ignorant and ineffective leaders , though at the moment i think schetyna is a little bit less hopeless , as petru has the intellectual range of a damp wooden log . 
  i have voted razem , will never regreeeeet . 
  he will sign it . 
  he has consistently shown strict loyalty towards his party , including in cases similar to this . 
  orban wo n't die for poland and if they become a bloc of obstruction , they will be dealt with . 
  there is much more to eu than a simple vote . 
  the pressure they can exert is immense , they simply have refrained from doing it so far . 
  but brexit is becoming managable , immigration crisis subsided and crucial elections are flying by .
