  ... and their treatment under apartheid, 
  polan stronk anticommunist unf unf < beats chest , 
  yeah , because talking means hugging . 
  yay binary thinking . 
  while it does sound crazy on the surface , he is being quite cautious in his wording and we are talking about some covert dialogue . 
  even in times of war , some communication between warring sides can be , indeed , beneficial . 
  there were talks with taliban , farc , ira , pkk , every possible group out there . 
  doing them does not mean `` capitulating '' - they can be beneficial for a variety of reasons , including learning valuable intelligence that is later used to defeat that very group . 
  with superior technology , too !, 
  what is funny is how so many anti-immigrant people wanted to `` help refugees closer to their country '' and yet somehow no one is eager to part with money to help turkey or lebanon . 
  you have my sword , axe , rake , whatever in this battle in defense of erdogan . 
  eh , the ignorance of some people . 
  and you base it on what exactly ? 
  because he is a religious moosleem so * obviously * he craves global jihad ? 
  bandits are realistic too when they say you will die if you do n't give all your money . 
  turkey is in a different position than serbia , though . 
  bigger , differently positioned , they could flip europe and still do relatively well . 
  it would still be very bad for everyone , but not as bad as it was for you guys . 
   while we sang cheerful patriotic songs . 
  i love when nationalists decide a country can be glorious and sovereign and feed solely on patriotism . 
  poland is going this way now , sadly . 
  upvoted , people who think bullying is the way to go are ridiculous . 
  i think he is referring to upcoming eu proceedings concerning poland and his sarcasm indicates that he supports the current government . 
  so there . 
  a major theme in the film was the feeling of powerlessness in the face of a major migrant crisis and the aggression it evokes in the host country . 
  kind of like what we are seeing in europe , heh . 
  after being stranded there for a long time , they are probably pretty fixated on the idea . 
  likely they have nowhere to go by now so they desperately cling to this obsession . 
  maybe i am unlucky but i do not encounter much sympathy towards them anyway . 
  certainly not on this sub , lol, 
  you do realize district 9 was a criticism of apartheid ? 
  if this is district 9 then we are the baddies , i am afraid . 
  even if you perceive them as enemies , greater understanding provides a wider range of potential solutions and tactics, 
  many rich countries are reported to have poor internet infrastructure . 
  americans constantly complain about theirs and all i hear from australia is pain . 
  your flair and your nick . 
  yes :d, 
  i am not his fan , i think he is an idiot and his bail-skipping is criminal . 
  but sitting in one room for years without leaving it ever is mentally crippling . 
  i mean , i agree with you , i simply treat him as a psychiatric case at this point . 
  no wonder the anti-euro sentiment rose in germany . 
  it must be tempting to just fall back to a smaller union , where everyone is damn sure they want to be in . 
  that dumbass probably still thinks it is all about american vendetta . 
  he does n't even get that perhaps the british and the swedes might just not like being spat on . 
  hey , i have no sympathy for him . 
  just being merciful . 
  and it 's not like i am making the decision anyway . 
  in a way , yeah . 
  he could n't leave it for years and did not know when he would be able to , lol . 
  worse than actual prison , in many respects . 
  i am not saying he is innocent , just that he is more of a psychiatric case at the moment . 
  no need to hound him . 
  i think he is a dick alright . 
  but at this point he was in prison for years , lol . 
  you ca n't make a better punishment than prison of one 's own mind . 
  at this point they should lay off him for humanitarian reasons . 
  this guy has been imprisoning himself for years now . 
  actually , assange punished himself on his own . 
  and even with angela the mellow you get called nazis whenever some other country disagrees , lol . 
  much of polish right-wing is currently anti-german , sadly . 
  well , not necessarily , many systems are stable but even their small changes are significant so a cut-out graph can be used . 
  one might argue our currency is such a system . 
  and anyway , it is all evident if one actually reads the graph . 
  obviously people who treat graphs as pictures will always be confused by them . 
  cool !, 
  makes much more sense even though i totally disagree . 
  you do realize many of pis policies are very left-wing ? 
  i mean , just so you know that perhaps the `` right-wing '' / `` left-wing '' divide is not as simple as you might thing , eh ? 
  hahaha , conspiracy !, 
  all graphs are . 
  that is why one must read the numbers . 
  to be precise , not `` cyclists '' but `` pedals '' are a derogatory term for gays . 
  cyclists have no negative connotation , really . 
  that is not what he said , just what you wanted to see . 
  presenting those cases as opposite sides of the same coin is totally ridiculous . 
  not in poland either . 
  talking to someone at the bus stop would be seen as very weird here . 
  i have much sympathy towards israel and i think palestinians have been very self-destructive ( and just destructive ) over the decades but it does n't justify keeping them in permanent occupation while gradually consuming their lands . 
  to be fair it makes sense they would flock to him , regardless of his actual right-wingedness, 
  just so you know , conspiracy theories are not dismissed because people disagree with them . 
  they are dismissed because they require a degree of complexity , secrecy and coordination that is nigh impossible in real life . 
  it is crucial , actually . 
  for example , civilians randomly die in any serious military operation . 
  but only war criminals target them on purpose . 
  well , a bunch of vigilante gangs wo n't eradicate the european `` niceness '' . 
  for that we would have to become something much less civilized and that would be much worse than the effects of immigrant mobs . 
  even if we become huge assholes , it will be still better than some places the immigrants come from , lol . 
  a race to the bottom , if you will . 
  governments need to restore the feeling of security and regain control over the narrative , really , that 's the only sane way . 
  terribly mishandling public relations is one thing . 
  what you were suggesting was a government policy of , i dunno , suppressing citizens in favor of immigrants because political correctness . 
  listened to some ( bbc ? ), 
  interview with some chav girls talking about how awesome it all was and how they hoped it would continue in the next night . 
  it was like listening to martians , really . 
  which is funny , as london riots were essentially a chav looting spree committed by proud sons and daughters of albion . 
  vigilantism is quite often random and extremely prone to mistakes . 
  very inefficient way to deter/prevent crime so we invented a trained coordinated force to do this well :p now they just need to wake up but i am cautiously optimistic . 
  surely the german state is not that dysfunctional . 
  yeah , shit like that only inflames tensions as thugs go after the slowest running/weakest victims . 
  cologne confirmed no-go zone .
