   it would also be fair to say that eu would try to crash greece in every possible way to discourage voluntary exits . 
  do n't know about that . 
  many would argue greece is already in a world of hurt . 
  ca n't imagine anyone wanting to follow in their footsteps . 
  and a default is extremely unlikely to be at all favorable , even by itself . 
  would make some sense , i suppose , but that would require further integration and erosion of national sovereignty , something that most europeans still dislike . 
  or a much higher level of mutual trust . 
  but welp . 
  what do you mean by `` standing up for themselves '' ? 
  so , just default on the debts ? 
  because that 's what saying `` fuck you '' to teh global banking means . 
  that money went to paying for greece `` safeguarding '' its society for the past decade or two before the current drama . 
  german invasion !, 
  goddammit , greeks have it all figured anyway !, 
  kinda sucks for those who do n't have euros stashed abroad . 
  some left-wing society . 
  i would prefer a huge international intervention steamrolling the whole place and occupying it for decades , but that is not going to happen for many reasons , so : it is a brutal three/four/five way civil war . 
  any interference can and probably will make some things worse and shift even more blame onto the `` ebul west '' . 
  without a really good plan on what to do in the long term or some very important short-term goal ( like saving irbil or kobane ) , just bombing things is pointless . 
  and one of the most backfiring . 
  now when a bomb kills bystanders people complain as they thought they ought to be `` surgical '' . 
  they can be hellishly precise , though , but it is still a thing that explodes , so . 
  can we not jump between extremes ? 
  i am all for fair retirement systems but i can see they can be abused and overblown by populist governments promising heaven on earth and sometimes they need to be adjusted . 
  curtailing early retirement is not automatically `` neoliberal '' any more than expanding them is automatically `` communist '' . 
  i mean , introducing drachma in some harmful way , abusing some european mechanisms that are n't supposed to be used in some harmful ways etc. 
  being vindicative over everything . 
  all i am saying a velvet divorce is better than an acrimonious divorce , for everyone . 
  greece going drachma is a long-predicted possibility . 
  eh , i do n't think anyone will give them hard time about this , unless they are being hostile and damaging by doing it . 
  i really wish you guys get better at some point , hopefully soon . 
  of course , no single person is responsible for their government . 
  good luck . 
  i really hope greeks overcome this mess , this way or another . 
  i do n't even know what kind of victory syriza could possibly achieve . 
  throwing the troika to their knees in tears ? 
  invading berlin ? 
  then why are greeks still against defaulting ? 
  neither was any viable alternative presented by anyone . 
  but change how ? 
  thing is , syriza has no answers beyond `` gib money '', 
  oh come on , it is not some grand biblical battle between left and right . 
  syriza entered the fray only recently , earlier other greek governments were failing just as well . 
   what i mean by this is - we 're shooting the european project in the gut . 
  we 're destroying its democratic credentials , we 're destroying the belief that joining the europe in its quest for an ever closer union will result in prosperity for countries . 
  how so ? 
  what would you want europe to do in this case ? 
  finance greece ad infinitum ? 
  oppressed ? 
  maybe they would if it was of any significance . 
  as it stands , it is a very niche fetishist club with no impact outside of some corners of internet . 
  it happened because most of eu population is ignorant of politics in general . 
  few are really knowledgeable or engaged in their national politics , let alone the european ones . 
  regardless , the mechanisms lead straight back to `` teh people '' . 
  so just default , eh, 
  while i understand why you feel like that , months , nay , years of frayed negotiations might have worn them all out a bit . 
  that 's very nice , but they are in an union in which we are supposed to not cheat on each other too much . 
  boohoo , northern oppression, 
  yeah , a special case !, 
  depends on the media . 
  buzzfeed might , bbc not much . 
  does it have to make any sense ? 
  as long as they do n't hurt anyone , they can have whatever hobby or kink they want , as far as i am concerned . 
   but i 'll have to stand by the furry part . 
  when you learn that grown ass adults are dressing up in costumes of animals , your first thought is that something 's going on there . 
  or grown up adults playing video games or reading comic books , eh ? 
  well , not exactly . 
  their promise was to reject austerity and stay in eurozone . 
  it was a populist fantasy from the very start but people hoped they would get more realistic once they got to power . 
  well , they did n't . 
  i am not sure , but i do n't think so . 
  french national front got some `` loan '' from a kremlin-directed bank not long ago and everyone shrugged . 
  i suppose it is fine as long as it is not secret . 
  i do n't really browse r/shitredditsays , because i do n't like this kind of entertainment , but i was there recently for some reason i already forgot . 
  there i saw , to my surprise , a terribly bigoted post from r/europe , a sub that i browse all the time and know for a fact to be relatively sensible more often than not . 
  i click and i enter one of `` those '' immigration-related threads , a veritable carnival of hate . 
  it was quite surprising to me as , as i said , i browse this sub very often and i just do n't see this level of poison here . 
  it really did look out of place and it woke me to the possibility that we might have , indeed , a brigading problem . 
  of course . 
  anti-immigrant sentiment and xenophobia are surging in recent years , as evidenced in polls and elections and i do not think / r/europe is some kind of a `` pure '' place . 
  but the general trends in such threads seem uncharacteristic of this sub regardless . 
  no one tolerates rapes in europe . 
  jesus fucking christ , some people in this thread . 
  while it does n't excuse perpetrators of crimes , it is important to remember that being a penniless refugee is horribly demoralizing . 
  wtf , that 's totally a hobby in poland . 
  syrians are so tame . 
  probably brigading going on . 
  immigrant threads tend to be uncharacteristically vile . 
  there is probably brigading going on too . 
  usually / r/europe is much more sensible and then suddenly boom , immigrant thread with bigots upvoted . 
  do note that currently the top comment is decent . 
  heh , everyone wants a eu reform , even rabid europhiles . 
  moscow will fund anything that can throw wrenches in the european system . 
  and what would you want the west to do after they `` accept '' this truth ? 
  religious persecution gave europe such good time , after all . 
  just fyi , it is no longer a top comment . 
  yeah , i am also disgusted with occasional outbursts of bigotry . 
  would do the same . 
  i have never played an arabian empire in a eu game , but i sure dominated much of the world with turks in eu2 . 
  they can be saladin himself for all i care .
