  ukraine is not part of russia . 
  the analogy is inadequate . 
  can not compare what could happen to what happened either . 
  usa did not invade cuba after it went communist . 
  sure , they probably sent a bunch of assassins at castro , but i am not going to defend the us behavior during cold war . 
  i reject the idea of `` spheres of influence '' and i believe putin 's vision is false . 
  even if we , for a second , assume that maidan was a western-sponsored coup , responding by creating a civil war and a frozen conflict is a horribly stupid way to counteract it , especially as it destroyed/removed the most pro-russian areas of the country . 
  of course !, 
  we all know us special forces started shelling donetsk and arming ukrainian fascists . 
  that is why russia had to do the opposite . 
  no no , the secret vodka is pure as it is important for the morale of ze finnish resistance . 
  poisoned vodka is that which is `` accidentally '' left during evacuation . 
  could you briefly outline theredpill for me ? 
  i keep seeing references to them as nutjobs . 
  but after cursory reading of some posts , it does n't seem that simple . 
  do you have a more extensive experience ? 
  nurgle disapproves, 
  for inciting a civil war/invading a neighbouring country . 
  making people kill other people and bomb other people 's homes just because he plays his imaginary geopolitical chess . 
  if you do , check some bug-fixing mods , the game was very broken on release . 
  zone reclamation project is , i think , a mod that fixes bugs but changes nothing in the gameplay . 
  the populations in afghanistan and iraq were n't as hostile either . 
  more fanatical at times , yes , but an occupied western country would be one pissed-off insurgency . 
  ah , eastern europe . 
  yeah , speaking about poland too . 
  i agree . 
  poland has this mentality of `` fighting to the end '' and heroic sacrifices and that is why our capital was demolished and its population slaughtered . 
  there is no victory in throwing yourself into a meat grinder . 
  i disagree . 
  i would vastly prefer for my country to avoid such situation in the first place , perhaps by joining a bigger alliance . 
  but , of course , if there are already soldiers in the streets ? 
  i might just go and join the military . 
  seekret vodka stash and a backup sauna, 
  yeah , i got a depressed yet determined vibe from your post . 
  you would curse all the way to the army unit and killing would bring you only sadness . 
  and imagine this actually happened in ukraine . 
  fuck putin for doing this to people . 
  seriously , fuck him . 
  stalker, 
  seeing a pattern there !, 
  you are right , but i am afraid the term has been quite diluted by now . 
  yes , it is unhelpful , but people dilute language like that . 
  yup !, 
  eh , yes and no . 
  a lot of ultra-nationalists are drawn to fascist-like symbolism , behaviours and prejudices . 
  they might not call themselves fascists , but that is what many of them are , effectively . 
  do you expect the poor to be righteous when they see they are ruled by a gang of thieves ? 
  when law is only severe when you do n't have cash for a bribe ? 
  if i was poor in these conditions i would totally say `` fuck you '' to such order . 
  what kind of bullshit is this . 
  who the hell cares . 
  edit : seems like these are some mundane border adjustments , not a righteous liberation of czech voivodship . 
  you can not not encircle russia , it is on a half of the planet . 
  and what does `` encircling '' mean in the age of nukes and airpower ? 
  take away all foreign us bases and us can still annihilate russia with one push of the button . 
  why ? 
  i wish you get paid for this . 
  spouting such bullshit for free would be humiliating . 
  yeah , but the line gets blurred at the extremes, 
  poland : eternal guardian of conservative idiocy . 
  russians must be proud of us , holding the tide like that . 
   to be fair , putin does a lot to lower criminality in russia . 
  it 's hard to change minds of people and their views on upholding the laws . 
  it is even harder when his whole power system relies on skirting the law as he sees fit . 
  little people look up , see the mighty doing what they want and ask `` why should we get better ? '', 
  that was what i was talking about . 
  it is a reference to the russian takeover of crimea , where putin was saying that those soldiers there are just local rebels who bought their military kits in local stores . 
  kosovo and crimea are not similar at all . 
  entirely different backgrounds , context , motivations of meddling powers and outcome . 
  this is n't even remotely new . 
  hatred of the us has motivated people to become apologists of north korea , even . 
  he might be role-playing his nick, 
  you can buy those rifles in a store , after all . 
  it is right there !, 
  spain pls conker prtgul, 
  thanks for giving a proper explanation !, 
  germany has more of a `` superiority '' complex instead :p `` we are proud of not being proud '' , heh heh, 
  i am just sad your joke is not entirely a joke . 
  poland has a serious inferiority complex . 
  because alliance does not mean friendship or even similar values . 
  if stalin was an ally , then so can turkey . 
  forever , until we understand that strength does not come from chest-thumping and invoking grand history . 
  sorry for a serious answer , but it really dismays me how poles keep messing it up . 
  not really . 
  moderation is not censorship , but hey , if you disagree there are plenty of places with neither . 
  which further underlines that a blanket `` anti-gmo '' stance is emotional rather than rational . 
  i am not against the precautionary principle , i just feel it is abused in the case of gmos . 
  much of the anti-gmo sentiment is emotional/ideological though and the bar for them is placed crazily high . 
  we have been murdering the ecosystem using `` natural and organic '' ways very efficiently anyway . 
  again , i meant technically . 
  places like canberra and ankara are indeed curious cases , because they were made capitals explicitly to redirect power from other centers . 
  still , a capital contains the most important institutions and is the main administrative hub , so there . 
  yeah , i know , just that technically the capital is the most important city in a country . 
  is ceuta a previous centuries-old capital of spain ? 
  is it currently the most important city after the capital ? 
  either way , it does n't matter . 
  european / non-european is an entirely arbitrary cultural division , read it however you wish . 
   nor should it ever i love claims on eternity . 
  because bosphorus is like the atlantic ocean . 
  yeah , but if the nation has changed , the past becomes only an echo .
