  frankly , labels are misleading , no two parties are the same . 
  still , if they have such opinion about armenians , then at least part of their worldview is rather extreme and probably close to what one would call `` ultranationalist '' , even if the party as a whole is n't . 
  one day they might come to realize that there are other options than being a racist asshole and a fundamentalist asshole . 
  well , if they really want to have an eternal civil war ... 
  wo n't change much if two of those countries have worse and worse relations with the rest of the alliance . 
  you are fighting a strawman at this moment . 
  i do not think the current european immigrant crisis is managed properly . 
  but i reject your clarity of how the future will play out . 
  in these times of interconnection and globalization , even international news ca n't be too interesting . 
  through much of their history . 
  free erdogan popcorn should be part of german welfare system . 
  at least the news are always interesting, 
   but on a country by country basis people could make some good predictions depending on their condition . 
  nope . 
  sometimes little changed , sometimes a lot . 
   i think it 's clear what happens when you import a culturally different group en masse into your country . 
  what ? 
  many countries did that in the past . 
  usa for example , and now they are the most powerful country in the world . 
  you can say you are pessimistic , sure , i myself am not certain if swedes know what are they doing . 
  but i can not subscribe to this predictive clarity that is so common in those immigrant threads . 
  race is meaningless to me . 
  but tell me , how should sweden differentiate between `` terrorists '' and `` non-terrorists '' ? 
  give them a questionnare , perhaps ? 
   if sweden decides to give citizenship to terrorists but what of all those brown people that were already born in uk ? 
  perhaps you should do something about them too . 
  people in the 80s had no idea how would 90s look . 
  people in the 90s had no idea what challenges would 00s bring . 
  but sure , go ahead with your enlightened precognition . 
  remember , it only matters if you disagree . 
  their naivety helps the baddies , obviously, 
  meta complaining is pointless and useless, 
  everything would be great if not for the baddies, 
  dicatorship sucks . 
  even if you lucked out once or twice , it is always bad long-term . 
  true stability is built with institutions , not individuals . 
  chill . 
  he was n't saying what you thought he was saying . 
  putin is also chosen by the majority and he is anti-democratic . 
  democracy is more than just winning the popular vote . 
  classic aggressive defense , same for many other jingoists and religious groups . 
  `` stop saying we are aggressive or we will kill you '' . 
  yes . 
  sadly , in this context turkey is mordor and erdogan is sauron . 
  pineapple, 
  if you are going to support an illiberal authoritarian anti-democratic government just because it `` stands against the foreigners '' then perhaps we deserve pis . 
  not half , but i fully agree it was yet another injustice on top of others . 
  yes you can . 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  there is also an issue of significance - nato or usa does not really need slovakia . 
  they might need turkey or greece strategically but in general it is not a board game where the one who has more countries wins . 
  hope you are right , at east some of your politicians were cozying up to putin . 
  hopefully just for money . 
  nothing would stop your sovereign will . 
  even if there are some legal barriers , you could soft-quit nato first , saying you just do n't want anything to do with it and nato countries would respect it until any obligations would run out . 
  it is not warsaw pact , no army stops you from leaving . 
  much of polish sympathy towards america is rather simplistic , mostly going back to the cold war . 
  i am sympathetic towards usa myself , but i think people approving usa for the wrong reasons as well as imaginary projections does more harm than good . 
  i would like to remind those people that membership in nato is entirely voluntary . 
  libya was not a blunder , usa did not start their civil war . 
  there were no good options there , really . 
   russia has nothing to do with it . 
  not certain about that . 
  the cultural links between greece and russia are undeniable . 
   the whole `` we do n't involve ourselves in disputes between allies '' makes sense , but when one of your allies is bullied by another ally and you do nothing about it do n't expect the greek people to back nato with all their heart . 
  greece and turkey both being in nato is exactly because otherwise it would be worse . 
  hey , lets fix ancient conquest and ethnic cleansing with new conquest and ethnic cleansing !, 
  did usa have any good choices there , though ? 
  it is funny , because they used to be actually eager to join and then france and the like were scoffing in derision . 
  now turkey got much worse and yet we have to trade them visas , lol . 
  though any eu expansion is frozen anyway , turkish or not , until eu sorts out itself . 
  the crises it is going through threaten its disintegration , after all . 
  some people actually travel with small kids . 
  but that 's super hardcore and definitely not for everyone . 
  have fun !, 
  kids can be also fun , of course , to each their own , they just come with a huge cost that so many fail to fully realize before committing , heh heh, 
  cherish this time , especially if you plan to have children at some point . 
  after that , you will be screwed until you are retired . 
  that 's not turk bashing , unless you define turk bashing as `` any and all criticism of turkey and its past '' . 
  do n't be racist . 
  i am actually anti-racist , anti-anti-semitic , pro-refugee leftist but that israeli person you replied to sure said stupid shit . 
  even if we go along this line of thinking , he said `` nothing similar '' occurred . 
  which is utter bullshit . 
  holocaust was absolutely horrible , but it was not a unique case of a purposeful well-organized genocide . 
  hey sure , suit yourself . 
  ironically , current polish government also thinks they do n't need the eu . 
  we got our own erdogan . 
  you will have a huge number of refugees regardless of the pact . 
  neighboring country and all that . 
  at least you would receive some money to help you with this , but i am not that unhappy that erdogan wo n't get it . 
  leftist media censorship cons-oh wait nvm, 
  why do you hate japan ? 
  riiight , poland tru yurop , poland last bastion of white man civilization . 
  please . 
  as leftist , i take quite a big issue with the supposed `` social '' part . 
  he refused to introduce any real social reforms and neglected many issues . 
  that is exactly why pis won , partially on the welfare platform . 
  of course , for a `` true '' conservative he was not a conservative , but i do n't care . 
  those who are easily addicted are not helped by blanket delegalization . 
  they should be helped by social and health programs instead .
