   some vans have a seat next to the coffin for the widow . 
  just curious , does it mean widows in portugal are usually expected to grieve more than widowers , or was it just a general statement ? 
  i have been observing macierewicz since the nineties . 
  i am sorry if i doubt his genius . 
  no no , i mean turkish fighters could patrol the baltics . 
  what with their approach to airspace violations and all . 
  why not turkish :(, 
  hoho , if you still think macierewicz is competent and has some sensible plan , you are in for a surprise . 
  unlike sejm 's regulations , which are ultimate law . 
  it is funny to me , i just laugh through tears . 
  you laugh , but this is a dude who probably thinks along similar lines . 
  he will burn everything to the ground due to his paranoia . 
  i do n't know the current atmosphere in france , but i generally agree - it is best to attack political opponents using actual arguments , not cudgel labels . 
  and i am also very far from fn politically . 
  it is not even about being nice . 
  it simply devalues such labels and is a very weak kind of attack indeed . 
  oh the evil left , turning us into kebab , silencing everything . 
  veritable communism . 
   we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people in order to deter them from coming . 
  bwahaha , now that 's just messed up . 
  to me this comment was simply hilarious . 
  we get much worse sometimes . 
  it comes from our powerful parenting instinct . 
  we see a child , our brains melt - and our imagination readily pictures the fetus as a child as well . 
  hence , for some people , the interest of the fetus trumps the interest of the woman , because they see the fetus as an idealized helpless baby while the woman 's image remains normal or worse . 
  dumb and ignorant , but often honest in its craziness . 
  one could argue there is little to no difference between the two in religion . 
  yaah , that part of islam is ambiguous and all , or so i hear . 
  cool news from russia . 
  how refreshing !, 
  bwahaha , i went there after reading your post and the first topic is `` france died tonight '' hahah, 
  hah , that 's nothing . 
  polish governing party calls itself `` law and justice '' . 
  so , if you are against them , you are against law and justice . 
  yeah . 
  `` truth is on our side '', 
   not `` they '' . 
  him . 
  others are there to clap . 
  i agree but not entirely . 
  he is the unquestioned leader , but there are many others who are like-minded and contribute to the political line . 
  when he finally leaves politics ( he is getting rather old ) , the succession slaughter will be glorious . 
  they will probably just splinter into a million small parties , lol . 
  exactly . 
  they themselves are their worst enemies . 
  no , i really think us does n't hate him enough . 
  his importance is overblown , partially by him . 
  he is of totally different calibre than snowden . 
  snowden actually leaked tons of critical data , assange just published a much less important trove . 
  of course , usa probably would n't complain if they got him , but they wo n't gun for him very hard . 
   hahaha , did they really chant ` warsaw is not budapest ' ? 
  yes we did :p like fidesz , they are authoritarian and will grab all the power they can because power . 
  they promote populist handouts and pre-crisis-greek-style unsustainable welfare state . 
  and i am saying it as a left-leaning person . 
  the `` less government '' part is due to occasional libertarian/american brainfarts they sometimes have . 
  but it does not come from some deeper strategy and eventually they default to a communist/socialist-like state . 
  powerful , overbearing , caring . 
  again , this implies sweden is a banana republic with shitty justice system and an evil public opinion that would have him , supposedly , extradited to camp waterboard . 
  also swedish language is hard . 
  i want assange to be pardoned or something for humanitarian reasons . 
  he is deeply troubled and he is hurting himself . 
  but his arguments are messed up . 
  they can survive the whole term , if we are unlucky . 
  but seeing the pressure mounting so fast - they got tens of thousands people on the streets within one month of obtaining power - and with many other messed up measures coming up soon , i would be surprised if they do n't crack at some point . 
  i mean , really , they are creating a huge backlash already and they did n't even touch anything that affects `` normal '' people . 
  when they mess up pensions and schools ( as they promised ) , i ca n't say what will happen . 
  also , acta protests were about taking a basic need away ( teh internets ) . 
  here , 50k mobilized for some boring abstract judicial institution that brings no bread to the table and most people do n't even know what it does . 
  i am still very surprised myself . 
  what boggles my mind is that they did n't have to go into full conflict to get what they wanted . 
  they could slowly and legally disarm/evade the constitutional court . 
  but nooo , instant absolute power is best !, 
  even if i agreed with them politically ( ho ho ho ho ) , i do n't think i would necessarily approve of how ineptly they are acting . 
  uk did not kidnap and give him to cia . 
  uk is probably the closest ally of the us , spies with us on the world and goes with us to wars . 
  he was in uk for a year after he fled sweden , after wikileaks before he fled to the embassy . 
  claiming that sweden will do what uk would not do for * one year * is crazy . 
  i am not surprised sweden is being passive-aggressive after he basically called them a banana republic . 
  i am referring to his insistence that sweden will rendition him to some black site . 
  thing is , he was in uk a whole year , before he fled to the embassy . 
  a whole year after fleeing sweden he was in the uk , probably the closest ally of usa in the world , an ally who goes with us to wars and who spies with nsa on the world . 
  and yet he thinks * sweden * is the country that will give him to cia . 
  he is crazy . 
  his guilt is secondary to his paranoia and his ridiculous self-imposed martyrdom . 
  they can also subject him to vodkaboarding, 
  who ? 
  i may have been a bigger ass towards you than i intended . 
  i apologize , this situation is getting to me . 
  now , i just came back from the protest in warsaw and i feel much better , heh heh anyway , i realize they will do a lot of damage . 
  but really , i can not imagine a situation where people like ziobro , macierewicz , b\u0142aszczak , kempa , duda etc. 
  are * not * bumbling incompetents . 
  i will be really surprised if they survive this term , especially now when they managed to provoke such a huge protest after just one month of ruling . 
  time will tell , of course , but they are their own worst enemies . 
  50k is craaaazy for poland . 
  especially for some abstract judicial institutions . 
  they can change the law , within constitutional limits . 
  thing is , they did n't even have to brute force the situation . 
  they could do almost all they could want without attacking the constitutional court like that . 
  well , better for me , it will erode their power even faster . 
  i remember 2007 very well .
