  but what i meant is a general , long-term trend of the west . 
  even with current anti-immigrant rhetoric i doubt we will revert to 19-th century/early 20th century kind of thinking . 
  of course , some countries might drag behind and post-communist countries are good candidates indeed . 
  but even the polish youth are better than the assholes of yesteryear . 
  i prefer to operate on more complex political designations than `` weak '' / `` strong '' , `` left '' / `` right '' , `` capitalist '' / `` commie '' etc. 
  the great tragedy of humanity is that these descriptors are still enough for most . 
  thankfully , we are slowly progressing , but we are very much still in the woods . 
  haha , excellent , did n't think about this particular analogy . 
  i do hope the irish pattern is not followed too closely , though . 
  it often creeps into many unsavory things . 
  i 'd rather we slowly progressed past this necessary stage and , thankfully , it is gradually happening despite the current european immigrant clusterfuck . 
  a long term thing , though . 
  no need for russian asshole nationalists to come here , we got our own asshole nationalists doing just fine !, 
  as with all things in this oh-so-wonderful debate , things are a bit blurry . 
  many will go back , many will likely stay . 
  a bit , but we are all human !, 
  relationship between ireland and uk is a bit like some aspects of the current brexit debate - there is this realization that , despite a lot of paddling , an island just wo n't float away from its bigger neighbour . 
   ... just among us two - not everything hitler did was bad , right ? '', 
  the myth of hitler being the ultimate evil is very harmful indeed . 
  it suggests he was some kind of inhuman satanic figure , almost an outside factor . 
  but the evil he catalyzed lies dormant in all of us , ready for action if we let it . 
   evil nationalists just this , really . 
  but that 's ok , poland is ruled by them too nowadays . 
   also , people actually like putin outside of / r/europe . 
  sadly , large parts of humanity still go for the `` strong leader '' bullshit . 
  see also : trump . 
  we wo n't be forced to accept it , though . 
  if the balance is negative , the deal will fail , that is why negotiations take so long . 
  are n't most business and international negotiations conducted in secrecy ? 
  i mean , secrecy is not something inherently bad . 
  that iran nuclear deal ? 
  negotiated in secret . 
  secret . 
  both excellent news , achieved via secret negotiations . 
  and besides , these just are the parties ' positions . 
  it is far from set in stone and s finished proposal would become publicly known at some point . 
  we are n't ruled by frigging illuminati . 
  i am leftist n ' shit and i do n't like many things among those negotiating positions that leaked but i find it hard to already say no to an agreement that is still very much work in progress . 
  why should we be fundamentally opposed to any and all trade agreements between eu and usa ? 
  of course , if the nasty provisions remain , then fuck it , but nothing there is set in stone , is it ? 
  exactly . 
  that is why saying `` fuck ttip '' is rather silly , because there is no agreement yet . 
  i do n't want this to happen , being in poland , but i can easily see how it might be more reasonable , especially in regard to much of the post-communist crowd . 
  all very happy to take funds for years and now a big `` fuck you , it is your problem '' during the immigration crisis . 
  there is nothing wrong about disliking current immigration policies , but just throwing a big fat veto to everything and not contributing anything past building a trump wall around the union shows a major cultural chasm and inexcusable lack of goodwill . 
  did n't know russia had other seasons . 
  yeah , because articles about immigrants are censored here . 
  they are censored so hard they are here every fucking day . 
  have whatever opinion you want , but stop with that bullshit self-victimization . 
  pis did not win by having big support , they won due to weakness of the rest of the political scene . 
  what if i paint the drone black and mark it with the batman sign . 
  of course , the right-left designation is useless in most cases . 
  but right wing is what they call themselves and they are rather extreme in many respects , so there . 
  in essence , the ruling party is against the checks and balances of a liberal democracy . 
  they aim to subjugate any and all sources of power , be it judiciary , media , ombudsman etc. 
  seriously , why are n't there a bunch of drones over those things . 
   when the ( far ) right organizes big demonstrations on the independence day , the ( far ) left does n't even try to do any counter-manifestation ( they did , but they were so small and pathetic hey , the drums were awesome !, 
  but yeah , though i consider myself leftist i found the counter-protest a bit too extreme . 
  not violent or dangerous , just too much crazy-ass symbolism like anarchy flags and whatnot . 
  razem does support the same broad goals as kod , though . 
  them not being there is just political maneuvering , not opposition . 
  that 's what everyone who is extreme right-wing does , really . 
  everything less hardcore is considered `` leftists '' . 
  kod march was also very pro-eu , though of course it was much more political . 
  unfortunate that it collided with the schuman one , but oh well . 
  while i support the protest movement , i do n't care about numbers that much . 
  it very easily becomes a pointless dick-measuring contest . 
  what is important is that poles protest the government regularly , en masse . 
  they wo n't budge , but at least we can scream what we think about the motherfuckers . 
  true , but they are far from the same . 
  kod exists so that people can protest together , even if they dislike po , n + or whatever . 
  if you are lucky , britain will get him as a tory pm after uk quits the eu . 
  what larks !, 
  and the same verdict is just and unjust depending on whom you ask . 
  the title is `` cologne sex attack charge dismissed '' charge , as in * one * specific charge . 
  it baits only those who want to be baited anyway . 
  `` both men are currently in detention awaiting deportation from germany , the court spokesman said . '', 
  with `` justice '' being `` must hang some brown people '', 
  i am not certain many people want the same kind of system for refugees/immigrants as for the `` proper '' citizens . 
  yeah , justice is entirely arbitrary and law sorta is n't . 
  that is why we have rule of law , not rule of `` justice '' . 
  you are panicking and scaremongering , simple as that . 
  the terrorism is a fact , but it is not a threat to europe , it is not apocalypse , it is not some war of civilizations . 
  europe has gone through much , much worse and there are plenty of tools before running in circles screaming `` deus vult '' . 
   when islamic mass murders and bomb alarms become a daily occurence . 
  the end is coming !, 
  man the ramparts !, 
  call the pope !, 
  yeah , this is just bullshit . 
  no one is for limitless immigration , but the extremist stance of v4 prevents any and all solutions . 
  constant liberum veto , frontline of white christianity , etc. 
  sad and ridiculous . 
  press to leave eu , if you think eu is cheating you on money . 
  i kinda of hoped eu was more than a cash balance thing , but it seems to me for poles it is just that . 
  western europe wo n't cry after us , we can build our own great empire with hungary , rofl . 
  speaking of which , why no flair anymore ? 
  i recognize your nick , but lack of flair automatically tingles my spidersense :p, 
  sitting in a dead-end camp somewhere or in a ghetto without the right to work for a year is not `` welfare '' . 
   without foreign intervention , there would be no civil war in syria today . 
  hard to believe anyone would argue against that .
