  registered , verified , distributed around the eu . 
  they can be given some options but overall they should be channeled according to some reasonable , preferably pan-european strategy . 
  but do not assume they should be `` nice '' and do n't get angry when they do n't match an image that has no basis in reality . 
   we should be sending in peace keeping forces into syria sure , we can talk when that actually happens . 
   we should support them in middle east wake me up when europe meaningfully does that . 
  so far , it is only thrown as an excuse to not accept them here . 
  there is no such thing as `` not being a thing anymore '' with music !, 
  i am not saying how to fix it . 
  i am just saying the current israeli strategy is nasty and ultimately does not solve the problem , and as such it should not be given as a counter-example to what europe is doing . 
  assad is n't ultimate evil and neither are the rebels . 
  it is all a geopolitical calculation and in mine supporting assad loses . 
  the hitler/stalin analogy was simply to show that allying with `` the bad guys '' does not automatically make people lose legitimacy . 
  yah , well , nato still exists , nukes still exist , mad still applies . 
  even without nato , a war with turkey would be an extremely risky proposition for putin . 
  turkey is not some almost-failed state , like ukraine . 
  cold war was n't thaaat cold either . 
  stalin murdered untold millions . 
  i still win . 
  on a more serious tone , most of those groups are quite grey . 
  saying fsa is `` bad '' is just as misguided as saying they are `` proud defenders of liberal democracy '' . 
  they are also a coalition of decentralized guerrilla groups , so yeah , some will do crazy shit . 
   every opposition group has at some point cooperated with isis/al-qaeda in the past , * which obviously completely negates their legitimacy . 
  * you know who was a crucial ally in the war against hitler , one of the greatest mass murders in history ? 
  stalin , one of the greatest mass murderers in history . 
  wars are funny like that , sometimes you just ally with one devil to fight another . 
  perhaps it is not black and white ? 
  there are many armed groups in syria . 
  calling them all `` terrorists '' just because they fight the government and say funny words is essentially following putin 's line . 
  not certain if it is such a great thing . 
  does n't it just force women of conservative background out of most workplaces , thus ghettoizing them more ? 
  i do n't like any religious symbols in the public space , i am simply not certain if it is not counterproductive . 
  i do n't believe he is directly doing anything of the sort and i only cheer his spat with putin , so yeah . 
  not that turks are completely clean on the matter , but hardly anyone in this war is . 
  is true , though erdogan might need west a bit more at this very moment . 
  and yeah , erdogan is an authoritarian , but turkey is still quite a bit more democratic than russia , i think . 
  i am now lost in the sarcasm loop !, 
  dude , i am , like , a single person and my opinion does not represent that of other polish people . 
  actually , i am probably a bit of an outlier . 
  though russophobia is strong in my nation , so i suppose it would n't be impossible for poles cheering for whoever flips the big bear . 
  thaaat 's not how you get support from the west , erdogan . 
  bah , everyone gives kurds weapons . 
   nobody would accept that happening , and we 'll see another passenger jet going down if it did . 
  of course , that is why i do n't want that . 
  but if the situation escalates , who knows . 
   the turks and americans already provide ( shoulder fired ) aa weapons to several terrorist factions right , because everyone who is n't with the syrian government , is a terrorist . 
  because he is being asshole towards a bigger asshole , for a change . 
  i am actually cheering for that asshat erdogan now . 
  such interesting times we live in !, 
  just another chapter in the new cold war . 
  turks can escalate too . 
  like give their rebels aa weapons . 
  thaaat would be quite messy . 
  there is , from what i understand , a running joke in russia : when they retaliate they bomb voronezh , one of their own cities . 
  that seems to be exactly the long term plan of the current israeli strategists . 
  a pity it goes against the values of the western civilization and puts israel on par with jingoist authoritarian states like china ( and their tibet/xinjiang colonization policy ), 
  i am sad that you imply i am racist . 
  i have great sympathy for the kurds ( as well as turks and most other human beings ) . 
  of course , daesh has murdered plenty of kurds but your analogy to holocaust is terribly disproportionate . 
  they remain a mortal threat , but i am not certain kurds would want isis to just disappear now . 
  without daesh , they would face the syrian and iraqi governments who would strive to reestablish their supremacy in rojava , kirkuk , etc. 
  also , daesh unifies kurdish factions - pkk and peshmerga fought together for sinjar recently - makes them them an extremely valuable us ally and in general greatly improves their image in the west . 
  i am sure everyone wants daesh gone , eventually . 
  but for now , it is just useful for too many regional entities . 
  as it stands at the moment , west bank is part of the state of israel and its occupants have limited rights nor do they have the right to vote . 
   ban islam and deport the remaining muslim or worse i do actually hear this quite a lot , though . 
  much more often than `` accept everything '' . 
  well , reasons are nationalism and a horrible lack of trust . 
  everyone uses isis as a card to play . 
  only for the west defeating them is a top priority . 
  even kurds benefit despite having to fight them - isis , after all , greatly weakens iraq and syria , allowing the kurdish areas to become de facto independent . 
  ooookay , bringing israel as a counterexample is crazy . 
  they are occupying another ethnic group for , what , more than 70 years now and live in a de facto apartheid . 
  theirs is not a solution . 
  they are simply kicking the can down the road where it will inevitably explode yet again . 
  possibly fatally . 
  lol , no it has n't . 
  it leaves the problem to fester for a later explosion , the very thing criticized about europe in this article . 
   the problem is things are taken to the extreme - we must accept everything about other cultures . 
  who actually advocates/advocated such an approach ? 
  twitter accounts do n't count . 
  most regional powers are more or less fine with isis at the moment , really . 
  that is why they exist . 
  ... really ? 
  come on , really ? 
  why not hitler ? 
  personally i like both turkey and kurdish movements . 
  i hope turkey and pkk have some kind of diplomatic resolution too . 
  well , i disagree , so that is probably at the root of our different approaches . 
   something has to be done i disagree we have to do something as soon as possible . 
  as iraq and afghanistan have shown , rash decisions can have bad side effects . 
  hah , afghanistan was invaded after 9/11 , something much worse than paris attacks and it did n't help much . 
   fare ? 
  i do n't get you . 
  i mean that i doubt assad , even if helped by the west , would have more success than the iraqi government . 
  he is running out of soldiers and we ca n't help that without sending our own troops . 
  i do n't advocate sending troops , i disagree with us having to help assad . 
  why do you think he would fare better than the iraqi government whom we supported ? 
  so you want to drop nato members just because they made putin frown ? 
  daaamn, 
  they are much more useful in than out , so there .
