  this is my hope too . 
  good luck , greeks . 
  there will be always `` too many problems '' . 
  humans are dumb like that , cool space shit needs to be willed against the `` common sense '' . 
  i hope iss is not decommissioned anytime soon . 
  space station olympus, 
  putin is planning a pluto base as we speak . 
  sadly . 
  not because i compare them , but because it sucks that space agencies have so little funding . 
  mass culture working as usual , sadly . 
  you will be fine . 
  nothing like a good martyrdom !, 
  eh , so it seems to confirms what i feared , that part of the problem is the politicians ' desire to just sweep the issue under the rug . 
  i am by no means an expert , but any system having any chance would require tons of money , an adaptable mixture of approaches ( some more hardline ) , backed by a crowd of experts . 
  and it would take decades . 
  so no wonder politicians , who often ca n't solve basic problems of their other citizens , prefer to just make a show before elections and just bear the costs in crime . 
  i always find this problem quite interesting . 
  do you think slovak governments ' approaches were too simple ? 
  honestly asking . 
  seems like any solution would require major effort and a complex well-thought and adaptable system of carrot and stick . 
  i need to read about some more interesting attempts , heh, 
   the trouble i have is that the stereotype seems true . 
  i think they key is to always remember it is a stereotype , even if so many fulfill it . 
  and resist going down the racist path , it solves absolutely nothing . 
   this is a very complex situation and it will probably take a couple of generations to get to a better place . 
  also requiring complex approaches transcending the usual choice between racism and mindlessly throwing welfare at them . 
  a term for a disliked ethnic/cultural group can very well become a general insult . 
  seems like they should be given houses that are in need of demolition anyway ( but still safe ) , very efficient work . 
  this is a major dilemma , many measures demanded/proposed by observers of the crisis require further limits to sovereignty , something many people hate even more ( aside : i do n't ) . 
  even yanis varoufakis in some recent article/blog brought up the example of us states who would n't be allowed to go into a greece-like death spiral . 
  well , there goes being a sovereign country , i suppose ? 
  it wo n't , but humanity has gone a long way regardless . 
  severe trauma and anger are understandable reactions . 
  endeavoring on a campaign of genocide is not . 
  no it does not stop applying . 
  if it does , then you are a crazed person and must be ostracized by the rest of the world . 
  also , only some people go into a revenge bloodlust mode . 
  many others realize raping and murdering in return is not making anything right . 
  lol , no , i do n't care whether greece joins russia and retake byzantium . 
  but he will probably use you . 
  do n't worry , putin will use your vote for his purposes too . 
  hey , it worked !, 
  why did n't i see it before !, 
  i would argue the european side , while definitely not immune from their ideological biases , are much closer to actual numbers and balancing said numbers . 
  syriza 's ideology , on the other hand , seems much more combative , with undertones of some grand battle with evil capitalism . 
  correct me if i am wrong , i do n't follow it very closely . 
  i really wish greeks do n't become a warning for other countries , but such attitude may well cause it . 
  not necessarily . 
  a major debt haircut could be a carrot big enough to make an indebted country quite cooperative . 
  the problem is it requires trust and there is not much of it at the moment . 
  you do n't convince people of anything by antagonizing them with your behavior . 
  i love yanis as a personality and i think he is right in some things , but i believe his antics only hardened troika stances , not softened them . 
  well , they need to negotiate if they want something . 
  that ca n't be achieved by being hostile . 
  there must be more options between being meek and being an asshole . 
  too late . 
  he is already inside the ecb building , they can just give up at this point . 
  now we know why varoufakis `` resigned '' . 
  he is inside . 
  they are desperate , it seems , and thus not very rational . 
  even an empty victory feels like a victory at this stage . 
  your `` no '' would be cool if anyone presented an alternative . 
  he would do better not using twitter in any official capacity . 
  short statements are rife for misinterpretation . 
  europe did n't bail `` bankers '' , they bailed banks who , if defaulted , would have gone with large amounts of savings of common people . 
  i am all for regulating banks more , splitting them , going medieval on their bonuses etc. , but it is much more complex than `` us vs them '' . 
  byzantium was quite great , though . 
  hah , it can also go totally wrong , of course . 
  i am for further integration but i fully realize how far it remains . 
  or saved , really . 
  ai will be the ideal manager , incorruptible god-emperor we always wanted . 
  there wo n't even be an `` ai takeover '' - we will give it power all by ourselves . 
  while governments often act like arseholes , they are not some hostile occupying power out to get us . 
  i have been repeating it ever since snowden : this is , in many ways , an inevitable consequence of digital revolution . 
  as our electronic footprint grows , it becomes less and less sensible for a government not to gather all the data they can . 
  americans were simply early adopters . 
  that is not to say they should do it with too much enthusiasm . 
  it can - and will - have serious side effects and we will witness many leaks damaging populace at large . 
  but i do n't think there is any way of really stopping it , bar reversing the information revolution . 
  but what is the alternative to curtailing deficit ? 
  making more deficit ? 
  refusing to pay debts ? 
  that is always an option . 
  they could , if turkey suddenly invaded or something . 
  maybe . 
  of course . 
  good luck , greeks . 
  yeah , but they now officially have the axe in their hands . 
  they are n't happy . 
  no one is . 
  yeah , the trust reserves have run out . 
  damn cherman agents , sowing discord everywhere !, 
  this probably indicates what kind of stimuli affect russian nationalists the most, 
  yeah , i understand it after consideration . 
  still , a very immoral thing to do . 
   europe can take care of itself that 's what usa said after first world war just before demobilizing everything . 
  empires typically were n't nations , just a core nation and a slew of subjugated ones . 
  i do n't care how prevalent it is , any employer doing shit like that , regardless if they want yes or no , is a simple criminal . 
  edit : i understand many employers face bankruptcy if greece leaves euro . 
  but it is no excuse for this kind of bullying .
