  edit : as usual , props to those who actually respond and argue , even if they disagree . 
  i think it was n't the best idea in this climate , although i have no doubt it was all in good nature . 
  or just brown middle eastern , really, 
  humans are quite horrible in general . 
  i think insisting that terrible humans are not humans is a bit of a denial , culturally . 
  not to mention the issues you get when you take human rights away . 
  even war criminals and serial killers are humans , sadly , and are treated as such even when imprisoned . 
  does n't make them `` animals '' either . 
   1 million animals . 
  rofl , i so like dehumanization in this context, 
  eh , i suspect the public opinion will turn around rather soon . 
  regardless where one stands on the issue of refugees , a well functioning police force is a handy thing to have in this situation . 
  well , to be fair nye is a big event which is quite dispersed to boot . 
  a demo is in one place/route , usually . 
  they sure ought to increase the police numbers . 
  the situation is new and germany needs to adapt . 
  deescalation is very much preferable , but the law enforcement needs to be ready for more forcible action just as well . 
  preferring deescalation does not mean not doing anything . 
  if americans choose him , then they fucking deserve him, 
  saw the title and groaned . 
  watched and felt great relief . 
  thing is , i am not against such jokes . 
  but the horribly toxic climate of the immigrant debate kills off all potential joy and makes every motive suspect . 
  glad to see a moment when insanity temporarily fades . 
  eh , i did recently read the trump panic is greatly overdone . 
  here is a nice one http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/dear-media-stop-freaking-out-about-donald-trumps-polls/ dunno if it is all that reliable , but he sure cites many historical examples . 
  some people did better than trump initially and did n't even get the nomination . 
  even republicans would be hard pressed , i think . 
  congrats , you would have a riot with one color people chasing other color people . 
  i am sure it would be fine . 
  please . 
  americans are n't that stupid . 
   i think killing every single person who willingly joined isis would be good policy . 
  we did n't even kill all the nazis . 
  can we please not become as barbaric as possible ? 
   or you can just rely on deterrence . 
  deterrence ? 
  how do you deter people who want to die for their extremist cult ? 
   stuff like `` reintegrating people '' is secondary it is absolutely primary . 
  unless you just kill people for being brown and coming from syria , they will go out of jail at some point . 
  if all you do is punish them , you will just breed more terrorists . 
  a reintegration efforts needs to be taken , or we will just make the problem worse . 
  trump level , really . 
  exactly . 
  just hounding them will catch some while pushing others to more violence . 
  they should be treated on case-by-case basis , with some being jailed if there is proof of their crimes , others being reintegrated and yet others used as a spokesmen against their former ideology . 
  prison is n't good at reintegrating people or rekindling their love to their adopted homeland . 
  jail , reintegration programmes or both . 
  definitely reintegration though . 
  roman ? 
   i know it 's bad and stupid to feel like this , but i do n't mind all that much that these two might duking it out . 
  this probably would result in even more of best-track-record-of-integration / assimilation-and-good-cohabitation refugees/immigrants from me coming our way . 
  is n't that a bit contradictory ? 
  i know many people just wish they destroyed each other , but ignoring it will simply push more people our way . 
  i mean , what you say is not stupid , just counterproductive . 
   but i 'm not sure how the other actors play : what stance do russia and turkey have in this ? 
  hell i do n't even know what the us ' stance is there . 
  europe does n't have a stance so do n't bother . 
  i think most powers do have a stance on it and i am betting it is `` mother of god , i wish they just fucking stopped '' . 
  we already do , in places like syria and yemen . 
  more of the same would be just fucking marvellous . 
  the west should somehow carefully try to persuade/coerce/bribe them into stopping this bullshit or they will continue making life harder for us ad infinitum . 
  i really do n't think we should pick sides in this . 
  ideally , we should be a moderating force that helps negotiate peace and we should be pushing for liberalization in both countries . 
  their proxy wars are one of the main reasons why the middle east sucks so horribly . 
  death penalty in the us is relevant because it cripples the western ability to non-western countries for it . 
  i hope your motherland joins the civilized world at some point :p, 
  i do n't think anyone argues iranian regime is the good guys . 
  but so far saudies were allies and iran was `` axis of evil '' so i am happy it gets corrected into a saner balance . 
  that sectarian war in syria and iraq has another side too !, 
  guess which desert kingdom i am talking about :p, 
  the `` stabilizing influence '' of oppressive regimes is greatly overrated and i was thinking the west ( including usa ) started to get it recently . 
  i mean , sure , assad , gaddafi , saudis or whoever can keep a place nice , quiet and orderly , but authoritarian rule almost always slowly builds up dysfunction , discontent and almost completely stunts a creation of a sane society . 
  you have your 10 , 20 , 30 years of peace and the kaboom , shit explodes and you have chaos , civil war , or at least a bloody succession crisis . 
  it just delays the inevitable . 
  the west should not rely on regimes to `` keep the peace '' . 
  they can deal with them if there is no alternative . 
  they should prod them towards more liberal forms of governance and reinforce progressive trends in their societies . 
  perhaps they should refrain from toppling them if there is a high risk of murderous chaos . 
  but they should never think authoritarians are a reliable long term stabilizing strategy . 
  not an enemy , but much less of a desired ally . 
  can make deals with them , sure , but they should be kept at a healthy distance . 
  hugging them did not make them better , so far . 
  if anything , the current us administration did a lot to prevent an overt iranian-israeli conflict by going through with the nuclear deal . 
  especially since israel would preferably just use usa to attack iranians , lol, 
  such forces never exterminate each other . 
  they just destabilize a region and create refugees . 
  syria was such a situation - the west said `` lol , fuck it , let them kill each other '' and now it kicked us in the ass . 
  huge migratory movements are not moved by invitations . 
  they are moved by powerful regional forces , like bad economy or war . 
  this was just one of the more visible triggers . 
  on the other hand , i can not blame western politicians for staying the fuuuck away from this conflict or for avoiding clearly taking sides . 
  they might have a mediating role to play later , though . 
  it does n't surprise me . 
  both sides are assholes to various extents , but saudis look like they went out of their way to flip iranians . 
  i am glad , actually . 
  i feared some western countries might be siding with saudis due to old alliances or whatever , but it seems everyone is fed up with them at this point . 
  while merkel might have provided a trigger , she did not create millions of refugees swelling at eu borders . 
  it was bound to explode this way or another , so it did . 
  i am sure they will work it out .
