  their stabilizing power is , really , an unintentional effect of humans racing to murder each other as best as they can . 
  oh , i do not deny they are , ah , extremely problematic , what with accidentally blowing the planet up and all . 
  but so far , they working pretty fine where applied . 
   right now nukes are a bigger threat to peace that an actual peace guarantee . 
  how do you figure ? 
  sure , smaller-scale conflicts continue , but there is , barring accidents or insanity , no chance of any major conflict between nuclear powers . 
  of course they are the greatest threat to humankind , that is what makes them such a great peace guarantee . 
  humans seemingly ca n't help but wage war on each other and finally they invented a weapon so horrible that it makes a world war pointless . 
  gatling 's dream came true !, 
  it is a balance to be struck . 
  the rules of r/europe are not that vague , there are even examples . 
  why do you think i am mistaken ? 
   are written so that they are unclear and can be interpreted differently to benefit mods in unclear situations . 
  strict rules fail to account for plenty of situations and are prone to being skirted by canny trolls . 
  haha , yeah , poland is quite xenophobic indeed . 
  which is funny , as no one is immigrating here . 
  well , people cheer for all kinds of silly things, 
   bit sad to see people cheering nuclear missiles . 
  it might seem so on the surface level , but ironically nuclear weapons are the greatest guarantee of peace we have ever invented . 
  without them , cold war would n't have remained cold . 
  welp , no better system so i will take it . 
  `` hello and welcome , honored arabian immigrant , i wish you ~ ~ murder torture slow death on odin 's jagged sword ~ ~ a nice stay . '', 
  that sounds depressing . 
  let us hope spain marches on towards solar dominance . 
  eh , i think the point is every considerable influx of people creates tension , regardless of their similarity . 
  hell , even in polish capital , a huge internal immigration target , there is a tension between those who claim local ancestry and those who have just arrived . 
  i do not share the harsh judgement of the poster you are replying to , but i think you usually ca n't move them all . 
  if you can then , well , good for you . 
  my impression from the ongoing immigration debate in europe is that quite a lot of people would prefer a similar solution today . 
  quite sad , if you ask me . 
  and refugees in middle east tend to be left as such for generations . 
  i would totally physically swim across mediterranean to get out of that . 
  right , and that is why there is no problem when milions of poles arrive in uk and ireland , eh . 
  same religion , same skin color , similar cultures !, 
  / s , ffs, 
  climate change and incoming implosion of pension systems are also hard , let us just ignore them . 
  perhaps they should be placed in some camps they ca n't get out !, 
  what would be welcome , though , is a pan-european solution . 
  as it stands , almost everyone hates immigrants and lets the problem fester . 
  i do n't know , if anything the case was much more prominent back then and now it totally pales in the light of snowden 's leak . 
  i am sure many people in us establishment dislike assange , but i ca n't image him being any kind of priority and certainly not worth all the negative drama that would arise from pressuring two major european countries to hand him over , his trials etc. 
  i bet they are laughing their asses off seeing what assange is doing to himself entirely on his own . 
  assange does , by suggesting that sweden is so subservient to usa . 
  nah , it is funny to see him imprison himself indefinitely . 
  how is it seen from your side ? 
  my reading is swedes are being passive aggressive about all this , due to being called a banana republic . 
  in the same world assange was free in uk for a year pending his extradition proceedings and yet no rendition happened . 
  i refuse to believe that sweden is somehow more allied to usa than uk , a country that goes with usa to wars and spies with usa on the world . 
  ah , okay , if you believe in a two party system then you understand jows much better than kukiz . 
   i think giving equal power to each locally elected politician is democratic . 
  giving power to parties is not , because it means giving more power to their leaders than the power other elected members have . 
  i do not understand this part . 
  any candidate chosen in parliamentary elections has the same same share of power regardless of electoral system . 
  parties are a natural consequence of parliament 's existence . 
  and they will have leaders in any system . 
  so you prefer a two-party system with more amorphous but more eternal parties ? 
  usa and uk have that the effect is little changes , you still have the same two parties switching in power for a century . 
  the internal dissent does not make them much better , in the end similar fellows win . 
  but those `` independent in a party '' candidates in usa are still part of the larger party . 
  this is a two-party system , where parties are less monolithic but also quasi-eternal . 
  you will have `` back-bencher '' revolts sometimes , usually led by the most radical members . 
  but you will still have basically a choice between conservatives and democrats and nothing else . 
   right now in poland there is no negotiation , nobody is looking for support of independent candidates and of other parties and their point of view is not included in a bill parties would seek support of independent candidates only in very special situations , when the balance of votes is really close . 
  if , on the other hand , there are plenty of independent candidates , you will end up with a mess , with dozens of different opinions ( because everyone `` stays true to their beliefs '' ) resulting in a legislative paralysis . 
  this , in turn , will end either with independents rallying at one banner ( i.e. 
  forming a party ) or with frustrated public stopping voting for independents . 
  so , either way , back to square one . 
  the problem is not the electoral system or even the party system . 
  the problem is poor quality of polish political class and terrible ignorance of much of the society . 
  jows wo n't fix that . 
   in jow , politicians have more freedom because they can vote in line with their believes without the threat of disappearing from the parliament in next elections . 
  the point everyone is missing is that in parliamentary elections people vote for who/what party will shape poland . 
  an independent candidate might be popular and a few might get in , but all in all they will not matter in terms of actual power or who will run the country . 
   he could get re-elected as a no-party candidate without the need of compromising his believes in the parliament . 
  and it would change nothing , because the winning party would secure enough mandates elsewhere . 
  he would sit for four years in the parliament and have a minute of speaking time every few months or so . 
  but the parliamentary elections are about who will rule the country , not which local activist is best . 
  there will be a few independents , sure , but they will mean nothing as long as they are not aligned with someone capable of forming a government . 
  your analogy is flawed , because in local presidential elections you vote directly for the eventual ruler . 
  in parliamentary elections , it is parties who rule so most votes for a non-party candidate will treated as a waste . 
  well , i wish whoever you voted for wins , so that you can compare . 
   but will increase quality of politicians in these parties significantly . 
  that 's magical thinking . 
  there is no reason why politicians would `` increase in quality '' . 
  pis sure as hell wo n't rule then . 
  well , if they somehow do , then it perhaps means poles crave another lesson . 
  riiight , because duda is such a uniting candidate . 
  people still dislike pis more than po , i believe . 
  there are a lot of easy blows komorowski 's campaign can score on his opponent . 
  they are not that bad at governing , though . 
  obviously , i would prefer a better option , but there . 
  vote for single-districts , if you want po to rule forever , sometimes switching with pis . 
  it really boggles my mind how people misunderstand what they fight for . 
  i find all that talk about him having a poor campaign a bit overblown , considering the quality of his opponents . 
  few seriously think he could/should win . 
  and what is your point , really ? 
  did anyone think ukraine was not a mess ? 
  if ukraine was not a failed state , putin would n't have been able to carve it like that in the first place . 
  and the folks without flairs !, 
  his nationality alone should not bear any weight on what he says , really .
