  and it is not like airstrikes a week ago would have changed the outcome in paris . 
  totally did n't see that coming !, 
  while it is cool and all , i sure hope it translates to a long-term engagement both on the military and diplomatic front . 
  of course , france was already on that path , but it is easy to get sidetracked/discouraged after the initial fireworks . 
  i do n't like how sarkozy wants to hug russia , though . 
  fuck putin , this whole mess is in large part his fault . 
  there can be ( and should be ) some wide diplomatic accord that includes them , but no `` alliance '' please . 
  i would say power has more to it . 
  regardless , it mostly relies on the ideology . 
  when the ideology weakens over time , organizations like this crumble or become marginal . 
  well , incidents like that do not happen on regular basis , that 's the thing . 
  hey , paired with poland your were a bit imperial at some point . 
  yeah , history does not repeat itself , though certain broad patterns do recur . 
  but even when they do , they are changed and are by no means pre-set . 
  oh god , not another roman empire comparison . 
  the world and its dynamics are vastly different from those times , can we please not fearmonger using ancient examples we don ; t even really know that much about ? 
  edit : typed it all before discovering 10 posts saying the same . 
  that 's how ridiculous it is . 
  well , the kurds fighting in syria against daesh are considered a pkk offshoot by many , hence my doubts about turkish establishment 's preferences . 
  this crisis sure does force a lot of friend verification . 
  they are weak . 
  they only thrive due to localized chaos . 
  any serious military effort would at the very least eradicate them in syria and iraq . 
  of course we 'd better take care of them , but sadly the political clusterfuck surrounding syria has so far prevented it . 
   international terrorism , just like organized crime , ebbs and flows . 
  much more so . 
  organized crime is all about money which is always desired , while terrorism relies on virulent ideologies that inevitably weaken over time . 
  your establishment seems to hate the kurds more than daesh , though . 
  what would those words be ? 
   it does n't work . 
  surveillance does prevent some attacks , you just only ever hear about the successful ones . 
  yup , terrorism on its own is a weapon of the weak . 
  its power lies in flashiness and , well , terror . 
  all the more reason to give them more attention now !, 
  you might like this new polish government due to their anti-immigrant stance but man , they are ignorant and clueless . 
  they might actually hurt your cause by saying something really , really appalling or doing something that will weaken polish bargaining position . 
  i did mention they failed to send a delegation to malta ( where they could argue for an anti-immigrant stance ) just because they fucked up scheduling . 
  oh , hello :p yeah , it sure helps them , but it was no turning point . 
  they would have followed through even if the news was `` muslim preacher saves 127 people from drowning '' . 
   then why keep defending them ? 
  because i believe there are more nuanced judgements between `` they all suck '' and `` they are awesome '' ? 
  they are humans so some percentage is inevitably horrible . 
  but the existence of the crappy does not automatically define the rest . 
   then they will learn the hard way or leave for somewhere with better welfare that is exactly how you make a ghetto even more brutal and even more hostile . 
  no one `` learns '' anything when they are busy scraping for food . 
  well , maybe how to steal better . 
  note : welfare should n't be dumb throwing of cash either . 
   there is nothing wrong with giving your own people a certain amount of preferential treatment yeah , and that is why america has solved its racial problems long ago . 
   believe me , please , they are not . 
  even these so-called moderates actively isolate themselves from society and forcefully create strongholds . 
  they silently advocate the actions of the extremists or at the very least sympathise . 
  so you know the soul of the minorities ? 
  can you also speak for all the english ? 
  i sure ca n't know the mind of my nation and poland is one of the most homogenous places around . 
   even if a majority were harmless , which , after growing up with them i maintain they are not , too many foreigners being allowing to turn natives into a minority is wrong . 
  it undermines the people and culture . 
  of course . 
  integration is a difficult task in itself . 
  countries like france and uk majorly fucked up by not taking a closer look on the development of ethnic ghettos after disintegration of their colonial empires . 
  they were quite convenient too , i bet . 
  you can not close the european border . 
  you just ca n't . 
  europe is not australia , a desolate continent in the middle of a huge ocean . 
  you can control it more , though , and i am not opposed to this notion at all . 
   it demonstrably was interpreted as `` open borders '' by millions of migrants . 
  eh , they are mostly living a fantasy anyway . 
  for most it is enough that `` the place is richer , people are lesser assholes there and the police will probably not extort you '' . 
  the numbers were swelled so hard that it would have burst sooner or later - and it happened even before russians triggered a new wave of population flight by their bombing campaign . 
   yes , if germany agreed to close the borders from day 1 , they would n't be near collapse of the asylum system right now . 
  so either way i see it as mainly german fault . 
  so it is our way or the highway . 
  perhaps europe needs to be fragmented again before we get smarter . 
  well , modern islamic extremist movements are more of a grassroot variety . 
  nominal affiliation matters less than the presence of virulent extremist ideology all over the place . 
   reduce immigration , deport illegals , punish criminals , cut welfare so they ca n't continue having disproportianate amounts of children , cut saudi funding of extremist mosques , impose more control on mosques and start a repatriation scheme . 
  hey , i agree with most of that - though the welfare part is iffy , poor religious people have no problem with spawning tons of kids , it just makes the kids have even shittier lives and perpetuate the cycle . 
  i just want such measures to be done in a smart proportional way without the feel of a brown man hunt . 
  my whole point is that the majority of those minorities is , if not great , at least relatively harmless . 
  that is the `` myth '' you accused me of perpetuating in the first place , not that they are all a great and huggable . 
  it did , though they sure have a long way to go still . 
   the spanish re-conquista and inquisition was pretty effective . 
  ... ... can we please leave the middle ages behind us ? 
  oh no , / r/europe is relatively mild . 
  now that 's scary . 
  their stance was known at least for months ( general outlook was known for decades ) and many people voted for them exactly for that . 
  the paris attacks will help them , but it is no turning point of any kind . 
  i heard about most of those cases and i can understand why you feel pissed at all that . 
  but it does n't change the fact that treating a whole race/religion as evil wo n't help it at all . 
  we have done religious/ethnic wars for millennia and they are neither final nor constructive . 
  closer to `` vsheshch '' . 
  i went easy on the second sound , but it is close enough . 
  very few words have so many of these either, 
  you must be new here, 
  oh hello , monsieur depardieu !, 
  eh , it changed nothing, 
  they were always sure . 
  yeah , paris attacks changed absolutely nothing in this matter . 
  france has obviously made many mistakes and hid its head in the sand for many decades . 
  problem is , it is really convenient to just send people to a ghetto and not give a fuck . 
  well , let us hope we will now start crawling back up .
