  if edgy atheists are actually needed somewhere , it is poland . 
  after communism fell , there was a strong push from the catholic church to reassert itself . 
  even ordinary churches were often built as big as possible . 
  some of them are n't even horribly ugly !, 
  yeah , neither do i , just reserving some chance because future is not set in stone , especially political future . 
  not sure she actually deserves such a vote share but that 's not really relevant , is it . 
  sure , polls are always just an estimation . 
  point is , there was a lot of chatter about polls meaning nothing at all , after trump/brexit . 
  in reality , polls are rarely seriously wrong . 
  they can , however , become quickly outdated after public opinion shifts . 
  hence why it is still possible that it all backfires into may 's face somehow , even if rather unlikely . 
  there was a reason not to trust the polls ? 
  people often quote brexit and trump as a proof of polls being unreliable , but in both cases the polls were actually quite close , it was just the expectations that were far off . 
  of course , things can change . 
  but when polls claim something , it is often close to the truth in that particular moment . 
   right-left division is always a mess ~ ~ for modern russia . ~ ~ it is a terrible simplification and a rough guideline , really . 
  boris nemtsov was big and he died on the street not far away from kremlin itself . 
  navalny is a good guy but he is seriously risking his life . 
  haha , nope . 
  the v4 countries will not want to be vassalized by poland and on the other hand polish right wing does not want to treat them as equals very much . 
  and they are only ever united in not liking brown people . 
   eu ( ... ) insistence on promoting immigration eu does not `` promote immigration '' . 
  at worst , it is not very good at stopping it and is against the methods many alt-righters would prefer to use . 
  some parties draw popularity from copying aspects of socialism , even if they call themselves otherwise . 
  for example , the ruling party of poland , pis , emulates many old communist party ways , both in terms of sprawling poorly thought-out welfare and authoritarianism . 
  all that despite being `` right-wing '' and `` anti-communist '' . 
  i was there , it was actually quite small . 
  still , positively depressing . 
  i am a leftist , give me a break . 
  not being an ass is not dependent on political outlook . 
  it is no fun being an older woman . 
  be nice . 
  progressive people have been outbred by conservatives since forever . 
  certainly not a basis for 20-year projections . 
  congrats to ireland for socially unfucking itself , btw . 
  maybe one day poland will follow . 
  pis would love to take us out of eu , if they could . 
  voices wo n't bring it , thought , pis would have to splinter for that to happen . 
  what do you mean specifically ? 
  vichy roots ? 
  maybe , but people like lepen or trump do not seem to have the answers . 
  furthermore , their actions are likely to just make things worse - see the trump travel ban , for example : completely missing the mark while being a strong statement that can needlessly push more people to terrorism or to supporting terrorists . 
  this is a problem for me too and i am very much a leftist who hates lepen and her kind . 
  the problem arises because we traditionally associate `` far-right '' with neonazis and the like . 
  however , people/groups like lepen , wilders , ukip etc. 
  are definitely to the right of the mainstream right and some of their views and policies are , indeed , quite radical . 
  so they occupy this weird space that we did not have the name for , so they got called `` far right '' to differentiate them . 
  again , i think it is awkward and unjust , but i guess we now have to live with it . 
  in a way , it could be also seen as reclaiming the phrase `` far right '' , as people see lepen is not a neonazi and the stigma of the phrase is gradually diminished . 
   on the other hand le pen might be attractive to them in terms of regaining sovereignty over economy but has this obvious negative baggage of nationalism . 
  that was the motivation of some left-wing leave voters in the brexit referendum . 
  that they will free themselves from the neoliberal eu and shape their country according to left-wing tenets . 
  however , the end effect is just a likely tory rule for a long , long , loooong time . 
  alt-right called itself like this to differentiate from the more classic right . 
  yes , unavoidable , due to modern asymmetry of deadly weapons - anyone can get some with some effort . 
  most terrorists will be stopped , but some will inevitably slip through the system . 
  so yeah , unavoidable , sorry . 
  terrorism is unavoidable , can be at most limited by having robust security forces , something that is already done . 
  lepen has no better solutions . 
  not everyone shares the victim complex of some of the anti-immigrant right-wing . 
  constantly complaining how they are supposedly banned from constantly complaining . 
  first time i heard about it , despite being interested in french politics somewhat . 
  i must be weird but i consider politicians ' sex life irrelevant . 
  i still like that name , really . 
  and no , i do not like kellyanne conway , except when played by kate mckinnon in snl . 
  no one wants terrorism to be daily occurrence . 
  what differs is that not everyone agrees banning islam , mosques , veils or closing borders will actually prevent terrorism . 
  in modern europe , you are far left if you disagree that western civilization is being invaded . 
  the post got deleted , thank god for our nazi mods !, 
  the sub is not far right , there are just far right brigades that spike under articles like these . 
  lack of nuance is what can doom the western civilization , yes . 
  too many people lost the ability to approach complex problems with proper insight and eventually make them worse . 
  or maybe western civilization was much less intelligent than it thought , but it had the luxury to pretend it was enlightened during fair weather . 
  prophecy, 
   what exactly would be the difference ? 
  some religions are real , others are n't . 
  brexit is fundamentally tragic and terrible for everyone included , but a bit of schadenfreude about leave fanciful rhetoric is fine . 
  sarkozy was rather cavalier but he was still sane and somewhat competent . 
  there is just no comparison to trump . 
  `` we are proud of not being proud ! '', 
  i am betting they did n't mean economy , but hardcore traditionalist catholicism . 
  what was your crime , for the uninitiated ? 
   nowadays , everybody use the expression as a joke ( at least in france ) . 
  is there a french version of the term ? 
  edit : nvm , googled , perfide albion . 
  they voted to be english :p, 
  would be nice if there was some idea what that sub is . 
  all i can see it is japanese , but is it political , general , cultural , technical ? 
  no , treat them as grown ups . 
  grant independence or a real autonomy and support their saner leaders , if they need help . 
  wage war on them , if absolutely necessary . 
  keeping them forever occupied , neglected and under brutal warlords is just kicking the problem into the future . 
  implying they are savages that need to be controlled by force is essentially colonialist apologia . 
  yo , you are right , the guy is some kind of paranoid extremist , probably upvoted accidentally due to not reading his comment closely enough . 
  ... and many freed colonies went into destructive civil wars . 
  what is your point , that they are violent savages and have to be occupied ad infinitum by enlightened and civilized empires ? 
  or perhaps power vacuum combined with poverty and national inexperience is a natural breeding ground for all kinds of extremism ? 
   do turks in europe feel the need to be much more traditional/conservative than they would be in turkey to somewhat counter the perceived degradation of the west ? 
  this is quite common for emigres , though , regardless of nationality . 
  living in a foreign country often results in increased and not always well-informed patriotism or nationalism .
