  it is quite fascinating how his parents failed to educate him . 
  perhaps they were similar , heh, 
  it is also a monumental range of topics that would consume the sub entirely forever . 
  if you are interested in history , r/askhistorians has [ a really cool and extensive faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/faq ) on almost every popular historical issue . 
  all weebs are nazi . 
  i knew it was a baaad idea from the moment i saw the first one . 
  europe has had so many scumbags over its history . 
  it is defined by them , really . 
   he simply outlasted his usefulness as a leader . 
  that 's usually the problem with many unelected leaders - even if they are decent people they simply burn out or run out of ideas , but with no mechanism to replace them they have to trudge on . 
  sometimes it is good as a violent dictator might mellow down after a while . 
  i do n't care , i have no respect for that fuckmuppet . 
  funny enough while `` polak '' is the native polish word for a pole , a phonetic english version `` polack '' used to be a slur in the us . 
  so yeah , depends on the usage . 
  i do n't know if poland is exactly pro-trump , though it is definitely much less anti . 
  on the side of the government , the ruling polish party shares many of the same proto-fascist reactionary sentiments as trump and rejecting what has until recently defined the western civilization and its liberal democracies . 
  but even they are not that happy about trump 's russian sympathies and were watching him closely today . 
  on the side of the populace , most people probably do n't care either way , as usual . 
  i do n't think trump exactly woos them , but they are not as averse to his sexism and racism as people in the west . 
  and he gets automatic points for being the us president . 
   many of us fear that trump will use poland to weaken us from the inside . 
  pis poland is already an anti-liberal trojan horse . 
  being further used in this manner by trump would not be at all surprising and would probably just hasten the inevitable showdown between them and western europe . 
  oh , oh right , * that * . 
  i get confused with all the nasty stuff i do . 
  damn , soros conspiracy foiled again . 
  i can insult him in better terms , if you wish . 
  yeah , first we save some seals then bam !, 
  gulags everywhere . 
  how do you get outsize outrage here ? 
  it was widely reported when he visited those countries , just like it is now . 
  many people dislike him wherever he goes , not just to poland . 
  starting points are different and homophobia relies on ancient cultural stances . 
  also , a state that says `` gays are n't bad lol '' will usually not persecute those who think otherwise . 
  i know , was talking about russia and china . 
  their atheism was state-enforced and did not arise from becoming more open minded over time , like it happened in the west . 
  you could have private cars in poland , they were just shit and not always easy to get . 
  i am simply opposed to judging ideas on the basis of zealous followers . 
  heh , practically every thing i might love or follow has some twats somewhere being obnoxious about how great it is . 
  does n't mean i should reject it due to simple contrarianism . 
  i mean , fuck erdogan , but that does n't mean we have to believe in every thing that sounds good , eh, 
   when somebody with zeal and enthusiasm tries changing your mind for some reason , this is time become suspicious . 
  this is a dangerous route , though , which can just as well lead someone to climate change denialism or anti-vaccination . 
  right , and you are just naturally logical and above it all, 
  that is why we ca n't into space , do n't want to encroach on lord 's domain . 
  things that are `` obvious to everyone '' are not actually obvious until credibly confirmed . 
  for every `` i knew it all along '' there are a few other assumptions or predictions that are completely misplaced . 
  yah ... good luck !, 
  while every country can always go to shit , it can always get better too . 
  turkey will , one day !, 
  the ball would be in the cherman court . 
  if they want to relocate migrants , they need to create mechanisms to ensure those relocated comply . 
  my bet would be biometrically scanning everyone and making most of any help contingent on them complying , as well as making it possible to deport them to countries that care for them . 
  this might help weed out people who are just opportunistic vs those who actually need help . 
  then again , some of them are screwed either way . 
  even if you are `` economic migrant '' from , say , afghanistan or eritrea , you probably have nothing to go back to anyway and end up stuck , like those crazy bastards in calais . 
  soooo , ee should not fear quotas as everyone will just pack and move to germoney again . 
  germans will not tell you to keep them imprisoned in camps surrounded by barbed-wire , lol, 
  but you just said in the previous comment that almost everyone who gets assigned leaves !, 
  no one will refuse to integrate if they are not there !, 
  sorry if i seem exasperated , but this is such a common sentiment in ee . 
  why would you even fear nukes ? 
  no one will launch nukes at you , because then you will launch your nukes and kill everybody . 
  nothing has changed , you wo n't be any safer unless you conquer the world or something . 
  so if they will just leave anyway , eastern europe should accept the plan without problems , right ? 
  there is a contradiction there - on one hand , all immigrants will leave , on the other , they will settle , multiply and sharia terror in 10 years . 
  there is just not much rationality in ee reactions to the issue . 
  it is not the same , but i have been following the situation in turkey and there are indeed some striking similarities . 
  then again , such authoritarianism is ancient , its just we kind of assumed , both in turkey and poland , that we left such bullshit in the past . 
  hahaha , first poles would have to even realize plc is seen as something bad and imperialistic by lithuanians . 
  for many years , many analysts have been saying - even during the last time pis was in power - that foreign policy was never their priority anyway . 
  most of it is just posturing for the domestic audience . 
  they do n't care imperialist dreams like intermarium are seen as silly by outsiders or even our would-be partners , they only care that their voters lap it up . 
  also leftism and homogay !, 
  was all that trolling worth so much karma ? 
  i bet it was !, 
  very nice . 
  movements in many countries are always a bit different , even if they claim ideological similarity . 
  however , pis is in many ways similar to both what lepen and trump represent . 
  they all share disdain for much of what used to be considered essential elements of western civilization . 
  secretly , we all do hate the germans though . 
  yeah , but that 's mostly regional disputes . 
  my point is china does not show much global ambition , apart from securing resources . 
   did you seriously think that was schnapps coming out of that tap ? 
  this is the future we should all be fighting for . 
  i usually know which thread will be a waste of time . 
  hopefully one day the world will wake up to the venetian menace . 
   tell that to china 's neighbors . 
  that 's still mostly regional politics . 
   as flawed as the us is , i 'll take them over china or russia for `` world dominance '' any day of the week . 
  i agree . 
  russia in particular is straight harmful in terms of what kinds of governance models they promote . 
  they can not be defeated without seeing mushroom clouds all over middle east . 
  the chinese are n't even interested in maintaining a world order , they generally look inward . 
  they do have a lot to manage , though , a billion people is no joke . 
  a serious oversight . 
  so far , it has faltered , we have a glimmer of hope . 
  mcconnell is a cunning bastard and he may yet turn the momentum , but so far it proves very hard to push through . 
  dude , you can attack any argument in this manner . 
  thank you for your sacrifice , i r smart , wo n't click it now .
