  for now , they just need to regulate the flow . 
  was n't that finns ? 
  your point is that they are some kind of ultimate evil , that there is no difference between `` evil '' entities and given chance they would do the same as isis does . 
  i disagree . 
  there are degrees to everything . 
  there are many militant organizations in the world and they range from reasonably justified to messed up and crazy . 
  lumping them all under one label only limits our understanding of them and , consequently , our ability to deal with them . 
  many organizations deemed terrorist were , in fact , disarmed via addressing issues that create support for them or even were dealt with through direct negotiation with said `` terrorists '' . 
  i do not know if pkk is capable of that , but turkish insistence on endlessly hammering them and branding them as devils probably wo n't solve the problem anytime soon and might be actually counterproductive . 
  sexual slavery , rape , summary executions , totalitarian control of populace , religious persecution , global conquest ambitions , overseas terror massacres , brutally high taxation , destruction of historical heritage . 
  that about isis i understand many turks are passionate about pkk , but it is better to see things in perspective . 
  you are kinda equating pkk with isis now . 
  not saying pkk is fine and dandy , but there is a sea of difference there . 
  well , riot police is kinda specialized in the non-conversational venues . 
  well , the government did not eliminate press freedom , they just omnomed the state media . 
   every government until now has done exactly the same thing rofl no they did n't . 
  but hey , nothing matters when the current gov are the good guys , right ? 
  not too right-wing , but violating/skirting the constitution and law just to establish total dominance way exceeding the electoral mandate . 
  they could be 100 % left-wing and they would still require condemnation . 
  we should make some kind of axis , with russia , turkey and poland . 
  well , we could , if most of us did n't hate each other to death . 
  we wo n't do a third reich but it will be sad and self-destructive nonetheless . 
  fundamental issues should be based on the spirit of the law , not technicalities . 
  but hey , they are not bothered , because they are 1000 % right !, 
  are you certain it is just ` using legislative system ' ? 
  thing about the more extreme politicians is they promise simple well-sounding solutions ( ` restore order ! ' ), 
  to incredibly complex situations . 
  the devil is in the details . 
  if you ` ban immigrants ' or something , you wo n't solve europe 's problems in the field . 
  i was imprecise , but it is too late for an edit and i do n't care that much . 
  there is a balance to be struck between being vigilant and being oppressive . 
  be too oppressive and terrorist recruitment will raise , simple as that . 
  too little , and you allow toxic ideologies spread unchecked . 
  the more extreme right-wing politicians who ring the most alarmist tones fail to see this nuance and will promise a crackdown that will either solve nothing or will horribly backfire . 
  they are certainly a barren entity , in modern times one can not build anything permanent on fanaticism and barbarism . 
  but they can subsist on a corpse of a country for a long while , if we are unlucky . 
  exactly , it is not just about `` plunder '' , it is about not actually creating a state the local populace identified with , not working on creating a modern society , just containing everything . 
  so the moment foreigners were gone , a lot of things went back to square one . 
  of course . 
  plenty of downward pressure . 
  but it has to be combated intelligently , not by lashing out , negligence or surrender . 
  that is why it is so devilishly hard . 
  it is a balancing act with no good recipes . 
  thing is , they really are n't successful . 
  it is a barren strategy that can only ever succeed if western societies turn on their muslim minorities in revenge . 
  so , things wo n't get worse unless we choose to make them worse by electing paranoid right-wingers . 
  do n't say `` ever '' , islamic extremists of the isis variety have proven to be quite resourceful in recent years . 
  but otherwise , you are right , the situation and risks are quite different . 
  actually , the removal of gaddafi was libyans ' idea . 
  europeans simply helped in a situation where the alternative was a bloody reprisal of gaddafi loyalists . 
  welp , no good choices , really . 
  here lad , compare the troubles and what russians did to grozny . 
  which is the whole point of this exchange - england did not reduce cities to rubble , you see . 
  i do believe it is quite condescending and unjust . 
  they are not cavemen and they are not 300 years behind `` us '' . 
  many `` european '' countries are quite dysfunctional just as well and still need some time before they get really stable . 
  also , in most cases no one `` brought '' western values to those places , they simply revolted against their authoritarians . 
  effects varied , of course . 
  i do bring it up sometimes in immigrant threads . 
  people complain how the influx of a different ethnicity will destroy their culture and yet it does n't prevent russia from being as asshole and assertive and russian as possible . 
  allow me to introduce you to humanity . 
   they 've both done similar things at different points in time ( cromwell , potato famine , war of spanish succession , franco etc. ) . 
  yes , a century ago or more . 
  the west progressed a bit , russia did not . 
  except it is temporary just as well . 
  relying on brutal bullies can buy you years of calm , until the mismanagement and oppression wells up and you are back to square one . 
  chechens were probably quite tired of being bombarded too . 
  but a third chechen war at some point would not surprise me in the least . 
  you and your downvote dudes are utterly hopeless if you think eu is comparable with soviet union . 
  why not hitler . 
  i mean , seriously , why not space hitler . 
  poland will probably pull through . 
  but they will destroy a lot before we bounce back from this madness . 
  rofl , do you know anything about the soviet bloc ? 
  you do realize there is a sea of difference between it and eu , right ? 
  right ? 
  eh , why do i bother, 
  i hereby declare poland to be true europe . 
  that * obviously * means he ca n't have an opinion and it should not be read or considered in any measure . 
  am i missing something ? 
  war on sea . 
  thing is , it wo n't . 
  it is first and foremost an upheaval , it will make the weather more violent and less predictable . 
  sure , you might be slightly warmer during a flood or a hurricane , yay . 
  yah , it boggles my mind why people ignore it despite fearing immigration . 
  reinforces my impression that much ( though not all ) of the anti-immigrant sentiment is emotional and not really thought out . 
  i am all for helping italy and greece properly as well as formulating a eu-wide policy . 
  but eastern europe was n't constructive at all . 
  well , sorry , but helping refugees from conflict zones is part of what means being a `` western '' country . 
  you know , helping people who are victims of forces much greater then they are . 
  like poles and hungarians were helped when they fled conflicts . 
  not an unlimited number and not in a chaotic manner , sure . 
  but eastern europe was mostly obstructionist on the matter , with no will to share at least some of the burden despite claiming to be part of the `` west '' and despite taking tons of money from eu countries . 
  it is a longer time scale than a migrant crisis , yes , but not as long as you paint it to be . 
  most people will feel/are already feeling negative impacts of the change but i suppose it is harder to grasp than `` zomg brown people '' . 
  i hear malaria is pretty awesome and nobody ever died of droughts . 
  `` acknowledge '' = do as we say ? 
  immigration is a real problem which you ca n't magic away by saying you do n't want any . 
  also , any eastern european country can leave eu and be a belarus . 
  sovereign and proud .
