  as it stands , you have shops with new experimental drugs ( `` dopalacze '' ) instead . 
  and a booming `` research chemicals '' market . 
  seriously , i 'd rather have some nice african fellow offer me weed . 
  so , like some areas of poland . 
  unless you define `` third-world '' by skin color . 
  sigh , islamophobia is so strong in my country . 
  the problem ( for greece ) is that eu can totally live with it . 
  not preferable ( hence pouring shitloads of money into greece ) but once the dust settles many will feel relief . 
  so , russia is nationalist and socialist , perhaps ? 
  from what i heard , greeks want to stay in eu/euro and syriza promised that . 
  insulting germans while cozying up to putin is not helping , i think . 
  i really hoped syriza can help greece , due to being from outside the usual establishment and due to having been closer to actual people . 
  thus , it is very sad to see they are going further down the spiral of populist bullshit . 
  the main point is not that syriza should not try to get a better deal - they should !, 
  i wish the greeks the best . 
  but insulting germans by demanding huge amounts of money like that is just not helping - that 's the main thing i was talking about . 
  your english is fine , i am happy people can talk like that nowadays . 
  ok , let us assume , for a second , that all you are saying is right . 
  how does it help greece ? 
  if we say that germany and france are basically evil and have ruined greece , then do we really think they can be shamed into suddenly abolishing the debts ? 
   if people had seen any hopes of improving , syriza would n't be ruling greece . 
  from what i understand , syriza was elected on a `` have cake , eat cake '' platform - remaining in europe , remaining in euro , and yet abolishing austerity . 
  so i think people thought it can get better , they just ( apparently ) believed in people who promised them moon and stars . 
   is like lending money to a friend who takes drugs and , knowing the fact , you keep giving . 
  then , you fucked up with something and ask your friend the money back asap saying how much reckless he was years ago . 
  what does shifting the blame fix ? 
  does anyone believe germany will suddenly give greece hundreds of billions of euro due to feeling guilty ? 
  that 's just putting the blame on outsiders for a looming catastrophe . 
  `` oh , greeks did nothing wrong , they were just swindled by evil chermans yet again ''  stop the nonsense , we are not inside an union of economic growth and development for all . 
  eu is a very form of financial support for the richest countries to prevail above the poorest forever . 
  eu is voluntary . 
  greece can quit it , if they think they are being exploited . 
  and yet even syriza was elected on the basis of remaining in eu . 
  it is a random act of desperation and could only make sense if we assumed the path of negotiation with european partners is hopeless . 
  as it stands , it will not help greece and will likely harm it further . 
  hence , stupid . 
  monarchies are inherently self-destructive , due to genetic lottery . 
  thus , it is inevitable that each of them will eventually get a monarch so unsavory that people will be fed up with the whole setup . 
  of course , it may take a while and it looks long-lived because each term lasts a lifetime . 
  but each death will bring a possible death of the institution itself . 
  yeah , but even german voters are not immune to emotions . 
  constantly insulting them will result in a possibly irrational refusal to aid greece by the germans . 
  - not gon na work - will piss everyone - stooopid, 
  it probably was . 
  it was a mistake for the west to roll with it , but i guess everyone was just tired of balkans doing stupid shit . 
  that 's because the last time they did it , it kinda sorta led to a lot of dead people on the ground . 
  anyway , any unilateral declarations in that peaceful harmonious region will lead to violence , and with violence comes western action . 
  in that case they would n't be bombed but they would be sanctioned to hell . 
  my point is you do n't get bombed by the west for just being patriotic . 
  hey , they just gave scotland a fair referendum on independence . 
  i think the brits can happily criticize you now . 
  unite without resorting to violence and no one will bomb you . 
  the existence of those things does not rely on putin being an asshole . 
  if anything , putin 's rule is harmful in cultural context . 
  you are right , i made a mistake . 
  still , the comparison is poor , as driving side is not a concern for eu as a whole . 
  language , on the other hand , is terribly important . 
  for someone who knows history , your suspicion is based on a great generalization . 
  you should also opt for quitting eu , because germans and empires . 
  love you guys !, 
  governing is hard . 
  scapegoating , on the other hand , is an ancient human tradition . 
  heh , that is possible , if unlikely . 
  trying to burn all the bridges and just sail away to the new byzantium . 
  it would suck for the greeks , oh it would . 
  especially when just about everyone complains about immigration all the time . 
  flakturms !, 
  eh , i really hoped russia did change a bit before this whole mess . 
  i still think many of our regional were too hysterical about russia back then . 
  but goddammit , it is sad to see how russians just slip back to default asshattery . 
  i guess they need to destroy themselves yet again , until they get better . 
  this is why this subreddit is important . 
  we might murder each other over some stupid village , but we will do it with * smile *, 
  this is the single most important issue in this subreddit . 
  shame on you . 
  flag is all there is . 
  i am no great fan of polish , but ffs , can we just use one language or the other instead of spewing the kind of mongrel trade language primitive cultures devised when meeting european explorers ? 
  every language has tons of loanwords , but they seem to be so fucking forced in poland recently . 
  that 's going to the other extreme , eh, 
  canadian, 
  similar thing with `` terrorism '' , really : `` this and this supports terrorism/is terrorist , < thinking off  '' . 
  that is why there is the `` phobia '' part in `` xenophobia '' - burn everything , just keep those xenos away . 
  well , it is not like we need to brand a party `` nazi '' to consider it extremely harmful . 
  gah , i hate simple labels . 
  i am not worried - as i said , this alliance is as much about cold calculation as about brotherhood . 
  world is to small for usa to risk it going up in flames again . 
  you know why nato exists and why the us got out of isolationism ? 
  yup , world wars all the time . 
  your grandfathers decided that it is just less expensive to dominate the globe than wait for huge-ass conflicts to explode  of course , i have no issue with european nato countries getting their shit together and actually having militaries . 
  yeah , but it was n't an issue at all until recently , when we caught ( heh heh ) the virus of antivaxxery from the west . 
  glad to see the rules are being upheld . 
  not saying poland was one of the `` bad '' guys , but that it might have looked a bit worse than we think it did . 
  er , my impression is circumstantial and personal , but from my experience poles on the internets do tend to be dicks alright . 
  eh , thatcher is/was hated by many of the british themselves . 
  europe is full of one-eyed nationalists . 
  places like this sub are , really , part of the cure . 
  recently i did hear that perhaps britain and france would have been slightly more energetic in helping poland , if poland did not behave in a nasty nationalist way in the two decades of freedom . 
  poles love to see themselves as eternal victims ( well , like so many other nations ) , but poland of the early 20th century did n't have to seem so rosy from the outside . 
  reverse trianon . 
  / jk , do n't kill me , hungarian friends,
