  no , `` my '' side of argument sees refugees as those who come from war-torn countries/regions . 
  only a tiny part of ukraine is affected by war and most refugees relocated within ukraine and/or russia . 
  calling the ukrainians who have so far come to poland `` refugees '' is clear demagoguery . 
  incidentally , poland did prepare refugee camps in case ukraine exploded , but they were left unused . 
  it depends on the situation . 
  both a show of force and being sneaky are valid tactics . 
  please . 
  it is a normal tactic for police to stay out of sight in situations where a display of force can make things worse . 
  it happens with protests , football matches etc. 
  does n't change the fact that they are usually ready to go in if they are needed . 
  i am sorry , but the world is not binary . 
  not considering a culture completely superior to another does not mean thinking they are completely equal either . 
  oh i got him he ca n't answer my cutting question simple , refugee aid being conditional on staying there and ability to deport to the assigned host country as well as employment restrictions . 
  this is all obvious , do n't waste my time . 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  colonialism-level bullshit . 
  no , i do n't give a fuck how you feel . 
  it is about being actual allies of our western partners or not . 
  the purpose is helping our western european allies with their refugee burden . 
  and no , you do n't care what they want . 
  you are just giving it a different name , for whatever reason . 
  i am not saying it is linear . 
  i am saying it generally trends in one direction , though setbacks do happen . 
  even medieval christianity achieved some . 
  yes it matters . 
  there is a huge disagreement about who `` deserves '' the name refugee , with people often denying this label to syrians and the like . 
  on the other hand you get lies like the one i mentioned , trying to make paint those ukrainians as `` refugees '' . 
  all to justify not those scary brown terrorists . 
  are our societies the same or worse as during roman empire ? 
  do we believe in the sanctity of marriage ? 
  do we stone adulterers ? 
  do we cut thieves ' hands ? 
  do we consider women inferior ? 
  do we think children are property of their parents to do as they will ? 
  do we have slavery ? 
  i could recount these for days . 
  if you ca n't see progress there , i can not help you further . 
  if it is so smart , than why do people feel the need to lie they are refugees ? 
  pc culture forced them ? 
  goddamn minorities , allying themselves with the dirty leftists !, 
  you seem to be a twat . 
  i do n't know which of the southern states is the worst , but mississippi is certainly a strong contender . 
  joseph smith joseph smith dum dum dum dum dum, 
  the numbers were n't that high but the communities were already there and were slowly growing , the cultures were already mixing . 
  they were n't alien like they are to poles . 
  i will ignore the `` changing '' aspect for now because i do n't think you ever said what `` change '' did you mean . 
  do n't want to straw-man you . 
  the trend existed since the 1950s in most of those places and unlike in poland , those places were n't completely purged at any point . 
  either way , western europe is not changing any more than it was already `` changed '' 20 years ago or so . 
  sharia law and no go zones and all that . 
  according to wikipedia , france already had 3 million maghreb muslims alone in 1999 , 18 years ago . 
  in all of those places it is still less than 10 percent of population . 
  actually , social progress is a steady trend that has been going on for centuries and could be defined as discarding useless social taboos and traditions , with those that are harmful being first , or in some cases , making them optional and non-mandatory , like marriage . 
   one ca n't not see it 's as a good thing that this changes are taking place . 
  how so ? 
  now that i can agree with . 
  when you are in minority , you are in minority . 
  polish progressives can do fuck all , they do n't even have a political representation at the moment . 
  yeah , like turkey , algeria and pakistan . 
   we already accepted hundreds of thousands of ukrainians after crimea conflict . 
  no we did n't . 
  these are not refugees , these are temporary workers , we do not house them or take care about them . 
  this is bullshit smoke screen to not accept the scary brown people . 
  bullshit , most poles have no idea about `` europe 's mistakes '' and get their information from scary facebook copypasta . 
  and western europe is n't changing , it has been multicultural for much of the last century at the very least . 
  as a pole , i am really sorry you have to go through this . 
  this is pure xenophobia in the classic sense of the word . 
  yes . 
  imagination is a powerful thing . 
  once you realize that most muslims are actually kinda boring and harmless , you stop frothing that much . 
  oh please , ancient history , nobody cares . 
  not that you have much choice anyway . 
  fptp is ridiculous . 
  that 's not `` arguing '' , it is deconstructing their doctrine and showing how stupid it is . 
  but it is not disputing actual dogma , just convincing people to reject it . 
  you can not argue with religion , you can argue with its followers to stop being ones . 
  you can marginalize religion but you can not genuinely argue with its doctrine or dogma . 
  it fully exists in the land of the faerie , you can not really touch it unless you yourself are a theologian or a priest . 
  you can curtail its attempts to influence the world in stupid ways and that is what secular law does . 
  i find it absolutely hilarious that you portray trump 's critics as fickle-minded when you have the man himself daily throwing fits on twitter . 
  it seems our perceptions of your glorious leader differ drastically , i do n't think we can possibly have any further discussion on such basis . 
   the fundamental national interests that underlie nato have not changed and can not be affected by rhetoric . 
  i disagree and have explained why . 
  good bye . 
  i wrote about it elsewhere in this comment tree : international alliances are almost completely reliant on trust , as no one can make a sovereign country to follow on a deal it does not want to so the other party needs to be confident in the other party 's goodwill . 
  you need to cultivate and reinforce trust , if you want such a deal to remain alive , and trump does the opposite . 
  us voters might selectively ignore trump 's outrageous statements , but it just wo n't fly in trans-atlantic relations . 
  incomplete commitment does not mean no commitment . 
  nato countries do put a lot of resources into it , just not as much as they should . 
  i believe endangering the whole pact in order to improve it is utterly irresponsible and completely unnecessary brinkmanship . 
  i might look at it differently if i thought there was some sound reformist diplomacy behind it but forgive me if i think trump fails to evoke such an impression . 
  you can not argue with religion . 
  what you can do - and what is already done - is create secular laws and have them be superior over the religious . 
  contrary to much of the modern narrative , this is exactly what happens in europe - whenever religion clashes with the law , it loses . 
   but how long can you fight for better commitment ? 
  forever , or until there is a better option . 
  nato is the foundation of the modern western order . 
   where is the logic to keep such alliance when one of the side doesnt want to commit itaelf for it . 
  this is false . 
  europe is committed to nato , just not as much financially as it should be .
