  no one in the european establishment disputes the very existence of nato . 
  additionally article 5 was involved only once in nato 's history , in 2001 at the request of the us , and it was followed through by their european allies . 
  diplomacy ? 
  consequently pressing the issue with other leaders , making speeches in the right places , outlining the problem both to your audience and allied . 
  all of that totally achievable without threatening the whole deal . 
  maybe not as flashy as tremendous deal-making , but effective if done skillfully . 
  sure , i was explaining why the reaction is so harsh , both here and in actual politics . 
  difference : not doing their fair share versus putting the whole deal into question . 
  you can fight for better commitment without threatening the entire relationship . 
  but that would require actual diplomacy , not `` best deal-making '' . 
  as i said , it is a question of impression . 
  and the impression in europe is that trump is unreliable and fundamentally a problem . 
  while europeans were spotty with military expenditure , trump has put into doubt the very existence of the pact as well as his commitment . 
  two entirely different beasts . 
  nothing new or surprising , yeah . 
  the wanted ukraine to take donbass back , rebuild it and decentralize , so that their pawns can veto anything they do n't like . 
  thankfully , it did n't work so far , even though it remains a huge drain on ukraine and can still lead to its collapse . 
  sure , though again it does n't matter . 
  if we applied this to europe , we would have wars all over the place again . 
  that is why opposition to `` liberating '' parts of other countries is one of the foundations of the modern , peaceful europe . 
  does n't mean the west has to accept it . 
  frosty relations and sanctions should remain in place for the foreseeable future . 
  further measures can be introduced as necessary . 
  the same treaties that trump put into doubt . 
  international law fundamentally depends on the goodwill of the parties included . 
  there is no ultimate authority that can truly compel any country to behave like it promised , therefore if one party projects unreliability , it becomes a real concern and threatens the whole deal . 
  not just the french ones , really . 
  you got lots of anti-semites in the trump camp as well as well as many other similar hard-right-wing movements . 
  i strongly disagree that any party should directly confront islam . 
  radical , extremist or fundamentalist islam , sure , but `` standing up against the doctrine of islam '' is already done by current laws and culture , there is no need to go into an open religious conflict . 
   marine played very carefully around this looks like that part ended , heh heh, 
  yeah , i agree with the sentiment but the lack of confidence in trump makes such calls futile . 
  mattis is a fine fellow but even he ca n't make us ignore the fickle fool he serves . 
  reliability is not a fixed value . 
  the quality of the commander-in-chief affects it . 
  edit : forgetting `` not '' is not a good thing . 
  not really working for poland , at the moment . 
  fuckers are genuinely dismantling the liberal democracy but eu is too busy with other crises to really care . 
  some aspects are superior but claiming a simple culturea  cultureb is the height of arrogance . 
  newsflash : racism - which also concerns culture btw - is not about differences between peoples . 
  it is about being dick about it . 
  i sure could nuance my response if the criticism in question had any nuance in the first place . 
  since it has n't , i responded in general terms . 
  oh okay , remove turks , then . 
  `` muslim conservatives '' are much less homogenous politically than you seem to imply . 
  they are n't suggesting a coup . 
  turks can still make better electoral choices in the future and that is what criticism of erdogan aims at . 
  quality discussion, 
  i understand your bitterness and agree with your sentiment , but your post is not helping either . 
  brave brave mods . 
  the amount of shit they have to shovel in these threads is considerable . 
  are most christians in america quite secular and wealthy ? 
  because if not , then you are suggesting that american muslims are richer and more secular , proportionally . 
  not that it is impossible , but it would be pretty hilarious considering the current political climate in the us . 
   canada - 3 % islamic ( 92 % christian/none ) , i 've drunk milk with more fat in it . 
  german percentage is not much higher , still in middle single digits , even after the refugee influx . 
  even in france it is estimated at 5-10 % . 
  please , they are also a huge country behind oceans . 
  they get more diverse immigration , more controlled/vetted and spread it more widely . 
  i do n't think it would be as rosy if usa was one of the western european countries . 
  there are plenty of closet atheists , agnostics , apatheists etc. 
  among muslims . 
  it is simply still taboo to admit it . 
  no , not really , they have long been a pretty diverse news site . 
  scary arabic word does not mean it is jihad cnn . 
  long-term planning is hard for all humans and human organizations , really . 
  the main point of the dispute was , i think , that brexit created needless risk for a very hypothetical gain and the inability to plan long-term should only make such fears more pronounced . 
  hey , so i remembered the idiom imprecisely , no need to rub it in . 
   the jury is not out on whether or not the uk would trigger article 50 before doing any preparation . 
  that is a bit arguable , is n't it ? 
  the fact that * some * preparation was done does n't mean it was proportional to the task . 
  either way , it does n't matter now , we will see how it unfolds . 
   the jury is also not out on the immediate impact of a vote to leave on the uk economy . 
  eh , it made little sense to obsess about immediate impacts . 
  i am terribly ignorant but even i know that economy is about medium/long term and depends on a multitude of factors . 
  its success or failure can be rarely solely pinned to any one politician or any one measure , even something as historic as brexit . 
  and your post is just as pointless and detrimental . 
  this post is less useless , because i am riding the wave of your top-comment 's uselesness . 
  look what you made me do . 
  no , you do n't get to bring up sensationalist headlines of one side while ignoring the ones from the other . 
  both post-brexit uk and eu/eurozone were proclaimed to be utterly doomed a million times . 
  a lot of the leave narrative made people rather concerned about whether they knew what they were doing . 
  the jury is still out and i would not be surprised if the actual results are determined by managing the problems as they appear , not by following a plan . 
  or what is going to happen anywhere by 2050 . 
  world is much less certain than people think . 
  30 years ago we had a cold war and 15 years ago everyone was certain we have reached an era of endless progress and prosperity . 
  now everyone thinks we are doomed . 
  sounds a bit like false equivalence to me , though . 
  anti-feminist groups tend to be mainly negative , while feminists themselves come in many varieties . 
   it 's a pity that i had to scroll down so far to find this . 
  popular immigrant/islam threads that hit r/all or are just visible in defaults ( do n't know the precise mechanism ) tend to attract a slightly more bigoted crowd . 
  they almost feel like i am in a different sub , really . 
  not judging !, 
  heh heh , not opening this pandora box here . 
  but yeah , pkk are labeled as a terrorist organization by much of the west . 
  i see my comment was successful . 
  pkk are not terrorists . 
  people seem to think istanbul is some heathen arab name or something , but it is one of the ancient greek names of that city . 
  yeah , europe as a continent is arbitrary bullshit . 
  the important ancient one , though .
