  yeah , well , you are going back to 5d chess territory here . 
  he is first and foremost a little bitch who is greatly upset when people are not cheering him . 
  they should send juncker when mugabe is there . 
  hello dictator * slap *, 
   you mean being slaves to the usa ? 
  read up on some history . 
  usa itself is different nowadays from the cold war era imperialism . 
  you ca n't really say iraq is a slave to usa now and they got * invaded * by them . 
   maybe europe should prop up its own middle eastern country against both saudi arabia and iran . 
  sounds like a recipe for more conflict , really . 
  you got what , 4-5 sides in syrian civil war ? 
  and it is not helping at all . 
   i think it is time we told saudi arabia thanks but no thanks . 
  i think the west should be more neutral in this and perhaps eventually try to mediate both parties , not take sides . 
  it is not like they will kill each other and be done with it , their imperialistic conflict will just keep generating problems . 
  still have n't finished it . 
  i really need to get to ceasar and compare him with trump . 
  subs always live with current events . 
  if there was another war in the balkans ( jesus christ pls no ) this sub would be all balkans indeed . 
  most complaints about political correctness are either misplaced ( `` we can not say what we think ! '', 
  - yes you can - `` the press does not report this ! '', 
  - yes it does ) or are really a complaint that one 's bigoted views are met with negative reactions . 
  so yeah , i do n't care about these . 
  because it encodes , from a very young age , that certain nationality is inherently dangerous . 
  they are not ignoring it in poland anymore , they got their people in there , it is all fiiiine . 
   not so much hate , as total bafflement . 
  when trump got elected i just felt sad and disappointed . 
  such a waste of time and energy . 
  interesting !, 
  we all learned something from this exchange !, 
  though in my case it was mostly about you being a twat . 
  fuck off and have a nice day . 
  yeah , she is just a puppet though , and that 's sadly not a hyperbole . 
  same shit in poland , with `` the abortion compromise '' . 
  abortion is technically allowed in some extreme cases , like rape , danger to mother 's life , serious birth defects etc. , however , many conservative hospitals/doctors ( and that 's like 90 % , it seems ) will deny it anyway on the grounds of a so-called `` conscience clause '' and bounce the pregnant woman around until it is too late . 
  or they will not check the fetus for defects fearing it might lead to abortion or they will misrepresent the findings or they will call pro-life organizations who will hound the woman etc. 
  that kind of `` compromise '' . 
  oh , and the same religious doctors will quite often do the abortion privately , for a lot of money . 
  could n't they be , technically , called `` british nationalists '' ? 
  i understand `` nationalists '' in ni means `` irish nationalists '' , but theoretically it could go both ways ? 
  poles really went a long way in cleaning after their furry friends . 
  some still do n't give a fuck , but plenty do and it is visibly better . 
  at least in warsaw , dunno how is it elsewhere . 
  that is why conspiracy theories are so popular . 
  people desperately want to believe someone in charge knows what the fuck they are doing , even if they are jewish-lizard freemason bankers . 
   there is absolutely nothing good about electing another bush still an upgrade from a trump . 
  i mean , i am also amazed , yeah . 
  well , in such a situation you are not entirely without government , you are drifting on decisions made by the last one , led by incumbents and civil service . 
  however , as you said , it would likely prove inadequate when faced with some bigger challenges . 
  woah , the amount of drawn dicks you must have seen there, 
  that 's how crazy it is . 
  poor ukraine . 
  much of the old eastern bloc started from the same spot in 1989 . 
  we bet on the west , they bet on russia and the results are what they are . 
  the videos are glorious , though . 
  thanks to the custom of having dashcams , i know more about russian drivers than about any other kind . 
   explain to the spouse and children that they will have less money and flexibility in life `` hey kids , you can go to the university without being encumbered with a life-long debt ! '', 
  if someone is as ideologically married to a libertarian way of thinking , then france is indeed a poor choice for them . 
  however , many climate researchers are probably closer to the opposite . 
  health care and education are not robberies , for one . 
  you can not be contained , nobody wants to `` encircle you '' and drive tanks to moscow . 
  you got icbms , strategic bombers and nuclear submarines , you can not be defeated . 
  war in ukraine is just a pretext to grab some land you think is yours and a way for putin to rule for the next 20 years until he dies . 
  still have to go to a railway station . 
  but i guess they are in the city proper unlike airports , which tend to be farther away . 
   which is very good for the geopolitical destiny of russia not really . 
  all they succeeded at is unsuccessfully bullying a part of their former empire . 
  they are clawing at scraps of their former glory , little else . 
  even if nato will be made obsolete by twats like trump , the idea here is a general western orientation . 
  a common tactic against the big bear . 
  `` all my life i have been told that red is bad and now i am having a dissonance '', 
  same with trump really . 
  `` hey , we are tired of this shit , let 's give power to a dude that takes away from the poor and gives to the rich '' . 
  if they get knee-jerk reactions at suggestions that democracy is being eroded in poland , then they are part of the problem . 
  might have been other issues . 
  it does look like suicide by jihad . 
  yeah , dream on that they are somehow dependent on us , sure . 
  they will very likely manage much better than us in any divorce scenario . 
  they can leave , then . 
  yes . 
  hungary was an experiment . 
  they wanted to see if they could lure some steppe barbarians into a prepared basin . 
  however , the empire fell before they could execute the next stage . 
  i am not at all certain it would be that better from the eu perspective . 
  while being a lefty , corbyn has all kinds of silly views concerning nato , putin and is a brexiter himself . 
  in a rare stroke of political genius , corbyn just had her replaced for `` health reasons '' . 
  this or he was really lucky . 
  * disproportionate fear * of people blowing themselves up in public and stabbing random people . 
  no problem with that , immigration can be definitely better regulated . 
  though the old ruling parties are/were not as enthusiastic about immigration as they are commonly painted as . 
  part of their seeming tolerance of the issue is the complexity of the problem , as well as eu 's slow governance . 
  things like `` merkel wants open borders '' are a sad myth . 
  the hilarious part is that polish politicians of all parties worked for many , many years to try and avoid a `` two-speed '' eu . 
  now it is going to happen and the periphery will either make an effort to follow the core or be hopelessly marginalized . 
  such useless pointless violence for a bunch of fairy tales . 
  the surge of far-right/alt-right/whatever-right in the west certainly seems to have peaked . 
  it appears many people will not vote for such parties no matter how much terror happens . 
   did you just call me a xenophobe for caring about the well being of children ? 
  no , someone is a xenophobe if they disproportionately care about deaths caused by colored foreigners while internalizing other preventable deaths as `` part of life '' . 
   wanting to continue our open borders policy nice strawman , mon.
