   i 'm also quite unhappy that psl jumped over the threshold again . 
  this corrupted party should disappear from the parlament . 
  you know , normally i would agree and this was my stance for the last 15 years or so . 
  but , compared to pis , kukiz , korwin ? 
  psl is a party of sanity and competence !, 
  yeah , i am also laughing . 
  true socialists - razem , got a very good result , all things considered . 
  miller can fuck off to retirement . 
  not crying after the greens and palikot either . 
  maybe , but their paranoia is only overshadowed by their incompetence . 
  i am not exaggerating - the party is defined solely by the loyalty to their leader . 
  they might want to work with uk on the eurosceptic field , but they will likely do a looot of other crazy ass shit that will make them very unsavory for tories to ally with . 
  lol , you really do believe in pis that much ? 
  well , have fun , i sure will !, 
  a lot of parties are circling around this or that threshold . 
  for example , pis is not guaranteed to rule alone and a bunch of parties can easily go in or out . 
  yup , it is a resounding victory . 
  the party did n't even exist a few months ago and goes contrary to what most polish people believe in . 
  now we are in the shit , but who knows , we might crawl up into something better . 
  hey , europe needed two world wars to get saner . 
  apparently some lessons require repeating . 
  guys , simple labels are simple, 
  not a problem . 
  razem is only starting and zl was contaminated by sld and had to go . 
  4 years of nutjob right-wing rule will probably teach the nation a thing or two . 
  if anyone is surprised , they can call me so i will laugh in their faces . 
  attention r/europe poland has now become interesting again !, 
  i am very happy if sld finally dies , even if we need to be without left for one term . 
  on the other hand , razem will likely get 3 % for moneys and party-building . 
  hence the need for a refresher , apparently . 
  also psl has a long history of graft , backroom dealing and all kinds of shenanigans in the ministries they ruled - no party is innocent but these are the true masters . 
  pis would have a field day with it and could blackmail or utterly destroy psl . 
  that would remain true with psl in opposition , but they would not be as important a target . 
  i suppose anything claiming taxes are not satan himself is communism now . 
  should n't have picked that username , i am not worthy of his dreadful and pitiless glory, 
  to each their own , really . 
  frankly , those assumptions are based on the last time they were in power . 
  their leader is the same , many of his acolytes are the same and their views remain unchanged . 
  they consider themselves righteous victims and have very high opinion of their past actions in government . 
  they are free to surprise me , of course , although i have hard time seeing it happening . 
  drawing dicks on ballot papers is a great way to relieve social pressure . 
  probably prevented many riots . 
  i would n't even mind the ex-commies if they were actually left-wing . 
  miller is mentally somewhere close to pis , really . 
  you mean the razem-zl interaction ? 
  well , i want razem in and zl out , but i can settle on just zl out . 
  down with miller , down with palikot . 
  they will still get the government , though . 
  they will purge everyone and everything regardless of merit and install their loyalists , again regardless of merit . 
  now , one might say it is a `` normal '' event , but they really do n't have many competent people . 
  they will also purge state media and again , install their loyal journalists . 
  this is in some ways worse than the government , as many of right-wing journalists are really fucking crazy . 
  last but not least , they will put their people in covert services and we all know how they love these . 
  i will be really surprised if they do n't resume tracking corruption , for some reason only ever occurring among their political opponents . 
  i have no idea where would such description come from . 
  they are social democrats not communists . 
  they are n't even emphasizing sociocultural issues as much . 
  yup , while the likely end result is a pis victory , the rest of the matter is very interesting . 
  actually , these elections provide the widest political offer in a while . 
  we actually got one and a half leftist party now !, 
  how is he relevant anymore ? 
  he keeps popping up . 
  i thought the british hated him almost unanimously ? 
  all those issues can be alleviated in a properly constructed system , i believe . 
  edit : wut downvotes ? 
  of all my posts today i seriously have no idea why am i getting downvoted for that, 
  conviction or calculation ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  proper leftist party for the first time in a long time . 
  i kind of came to terms with pis in power a while ago . 
  thankfully , their destructive potential is directed both outwards and inwards . 
  slavic languages do that to each other . 
  cyrillic is a problem for the non-cyrillic cultures , but past that is just as you described . 
  non x markings verboten . 
  x must be done properly and according to regulations . 
  anyone knows any foreign site that publish preliminary results before it is legally allowed in poland ? 
  i know it happens every elections , just never bothered to look . 
  yay , the witchhunts we will witness . 
  but i do n't care about it yet , there is always tomorrow . 
  psl is one of the most cunning and opportunistic parties in terms of coalitions , but i am not sure they would want to make a deal with pis . 
  they realize how dangerous they are to their `` allies '' . 
  i think it will be law and justice ( pis ) and kukiz . 
  this will be both sad and fun . 
  would n't bet too much on a full parliamentary term either . 
  if law and justice goes and secures majority all by themselves , the polarities of sadness and fun will drastically increase , with just a little hint of despair . 
  it would be very educational for the nation , though hopefully this lesson will last . 
  those cops look like they are having fun . 
  probably a relatively harmless local weirdo . 
  not a very neutral one , but still . 
  i understand the difficulty , though . 
  i was thinking how to write a neutral description of pis and i seem incapable :d, 
  not all of these spheres are equal . 
  weapon market is very robust with plenty of prolific producers . 
  i am not my country . 
  anyways , poland was a very minor player in the matter , mostly just going along to get friendship points or whatever . 
  not the best decision , but blaming poland for iraq mess is silly, 
  well , it does n't mean `` unlimited '' . 
  but we could take in many thousands . 
  we already did that with chechens in the nineties and they did not change us into kebab . 
  guess muslims are cool when they fight russians , heh heh,
