  yeah . 
  also cutting down swathes of an ancient forest just to show we are in charge and ca n't be cowed by those damn econazis . 
  not even for money , just to assert authority . 
  was n't there a study that the line between male homophobia and homosexual arousal is tiny ? 
  wonder if it got replicated . 
  it is a tragedy for our government that they hate putin . 
  they would be natural ideological allies otherwise . 
  yeah , i do n't laugh at erdogan too much . 
  there are differences , but it is a similar streak of authoritarian dickery . 
  that 's fair , if you do n't care for western-style democracy . 
  they became a clear example of conservatism - do n't rock the boat , just improve things slowly . 
  but to many people `` leftist '' is just a bad guy , with little connection to actual views . 
  exactly . 
  turkey is strategically important . 
  i was ridiculing the idea of only ever allying or supporting countries that are humane . 
  world often offers only bad choices , quite often the alternatives are even worse . 
  shit , the west allied with * stalin * because they needed to defeat hitler . 
  a person as murderous as adolf , just not orderly about it . 
  and yet it was the lesser evil and it was picked . 
  well , i disagree with my government quite strongly on refugees and europe and i am in favor of being allied with turkey . 
  my point was world is a nasty place and we ca n't only deal with nice , humane , cuddly countries . 
  that is why it is incomprehensible that our governments refuse to take any . 
  if they will mostly leave anyway , then what 's the problem ? 
  certainly not respect for their choices , oh no . 
  of course , it was miller who was the poster child of cia cooperation . 
  even last year he was talking how it was necessary because of those horrible terrorists in there , who were certainly totally guilty and all that . 
  still , pis would happily accept a black site . 
  they like to suck up to usa in cold war terms , they have no regard for human rights and they certainly wo n't mind some brown people being thrown into a dungeon . 
  yeah , nothing matters so we can be as bad as we want and everyone should just shut up because they are not crystal-clear !, 
  so i hear germany is still in a military alliance with turkey , how is that going . 
  reddit is like democracy - sucks horribly but alternatives are even worse, 
  they are competent enough to seriously threaten the very foundations of our democratic system . 
  even if they catastrophically fail in the end , it will take many , many years to fix their damage . 
  and we have no guarantee that they will lose power in the next elections , or that any sensible alternative government emerges . 
  the current polish government just ignores courts , would support cia blacksites and would love to snoop computers but computers are hard . 
  it is . 
  but it is n't . 
  but it is . 
  also , crying . 
  too small !, 
  and we already got a small rich country starting with `` l '' . 
  just wait until they realize eu wo n't budge on the issue of restricting movement of eu citizens despite passing that in a referendum . 
  they might become slightly less neutral , then . 
  hey , sure , i wish you well , even if i think brexit was tremendously stupid . 
  you will pull through . 
  frankly , if eu does not splinter and continues to integrate , you will be pulled into its systems just as well . 
  ca n't help it , i think . 
  but that 's long-term musings anyway . 
  fun fact , ttip , if it ever happens , is negotiated between usa and eu . 
  therefore to exist it will have to be acceptable to eu public and governments , a very hard thing to do at the moment . 
  regardless , the resulting pact will likely not include the input of the uk and thus be worse in its view than if it did n't brexit . 
  either way , ttip wo n't happen for many , many years . 
  even without all the public outrage about a pact that does not even exist but surely sells us all to corporations , the negotiation effort is massive . 
  maybe . 
  but maybe it would start the adjustment phase faster . 
  once everyone knows where they stand , it will be easier to plan and mitigate the damage . 
  i am not claiming to know what 's the right course , though . 
  usa vastly prefers a united europe to a disunited one . 
  they will be friendly , but they will not play towards further weakening of the eu . 
  feel free to try build your axis of non-eu , if you wish . 
  making a meaningful coalition out of that jumble will be even harder than dealing with other eu nations . 
  would n't brexit be , then , a betrayal of a long-standing and fruitful foreign policy of destroying rivals from the inside ? 
  no wonder cameron campaigned against it . 
  i am of the opinion that they are punishing themselves well enough . 
  perhaps they are partial to an illusion that their sovereign will expressed in a referendum somehow trumps other nations ' sovereign wills . 
  perhaps pergamon had a temple of loveless wisdom . 
  i am sure trump is accidentally right on some things too . 
  yeah , it is harder to plan long-time investment if you ca n't roughly predict the long term . 
  the uncertainty will be harmful economically , i bet . 
  article 7 is the nuclear option , no one will touch it , suggest it or even seriously consider it in this situation . 
  regardless , if uk does not get its shit together , there will be likely a hardening of eu stance over time . 
  worse for everyone , really . 
  we are way past `` 2 months '' stage , now we are counting that it is n't more than half a year . 
  i think may said she would want that , did n't she . 
   why would the uk pull the trigger on article 50 at a time where doing so hurts the uk ? 
  so , like , at all ? 
  heh heh on a more serious note , economy hates uncertainty . 
  the situation will probably just worsen if no course is set . 
  nordic-swiss-icelandic axis , balancing out the evil eu empire . 
  sadly poles are really prone to binary thinking - that we are the victims and that 's it . 
  expulsion of germans was a deeply unjust crime just as well but for many it is hard to accept that we are not crystal clear . 
  it was even more complicated due to stalin etc. 
  but our ancestors were complicit . 
  from what i hear not even your northern brothers and sisters like you much . 
  considering its adherents a monolithic alien invasion force , seeing the religion as inherently evil , considering every muslim a potential terrorist or a supporter of terrorism etc. 
  it might be , though there is a long history of cultural mistakes due to ignorant and exaggerated fear of islam . 
  sikhs have always had it fun , what with the turbans and all . 
  yes , perhaps we should n't use old sexist idioms in the age of female leaders . 
  it is all fantastical anyway in the current european/world order . 
  even putin with all his 18th-century imperialist dickery ca n't just invade most places . 
  even a former vassal had to be invaded covertly . 
  hoo boy afd in parliament . 
  finally germans will enjoy the same shitshows we had in poland for years now . 
  holy roman empire lives on , motherfuckers . 
  the dutch are a german experiment . 
  once the fatherland gets enough data , the dutch will be reabsorbed . 
  `` i wish it was more interesting , like in iraq '', 
  they are too busy eating raw fish . 
  the poster i replied to wrote :  they want to dilute the native cultures of europe as much as possible . 
  there is a difference between introducing new blood and `` diluting as much as possible '' .
