  `` america is peaceful , it 's just them violent brown people '' ? 
  many riots start like that , same thing with some riots in uk or us . 
  starts with someone shot or arrested and a community behind them starts trouble . 
  no idea about this one , though . 
   according to the us department of justice , blacks accounted for 52.5 % of all homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008 , with whites 45.3 % even if you decide blacks do n't count because they are not human or something , it is still at twice as high as an sweden . 
  massively upvoted dog-whistle . 
  i would be sad if have n't seen it so many times . 
  it is almost impossible to meaningfully talk about it , though . 
  the amount of noise and agenda-pushing is insane . 
  eh , horrible business , that . 
  thanks for helping fellow humans in need !, 
  you were a greenpeace protester ? 
  i hate our coal reliance , but coal power plants are kinda cool anyway . 
  such vulgar power . 
  we do the same in poland , pipes for the win . 
  mount & blade is turkish , so totally completely absolutely not european , according to some of the more islam-sceptic people that visit these parts . 
  everyone wants the process to be ultimately limited , orderly and filtered . 
  many of the arrivals will be eventually deported , plenty will return on their own when their home country becomes safer . 
  plenty of others will successfully integrate . 
  [ additionally , the arrivals dropped sharply in 2016 . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38584705 ) what i disagree is with is a rampant mischaraterization of the situation by the more right-wing circles . 
  while the burden of accepting so many people is considerable , it is much less apocalyptic than a lot of people flooding these threads portray . 
  there is a huge tendency to greatly generalize and amplify every negative aspect of the situation , which eventually crosses from being reasonably concerned to xenophobia . 
  thankfully , it did quiet down in the mainstream and the european anti-immigrant parties peaked and waned , mostly . 
  but some internet communities behave like it is still 2015 . 
  yeah , lots of european and american anti-immigrant people like to flood those threads . 
  seriously , maybe they should just ban immigration talk for a while . 
  it is not the sub as a whole , it is mostly threads like this that somehow magically summon two hundred upvoters for the most `` immigrant-sceptic '' option . 
  you are right , this was a too strong of a term , now that i think about it . 
  regardless , it was deeply troubled , riddled with corruption and politically confused . 
  which makes it pretty cool that you guys did not just roll over and let putin do everything . 
  good luck , i hope this mess is resolved in your favor , somehow . 
  wonderful !, 
  sadly , that 's the best we have . 
   despite many warnings they overthrew gaddafi . 
  no , they did n't , gaddafi faced an internal rebellion , the west only helped . 
  the options were aid the rebels or have gaddafi murder large part of his populace . 
  sorry they made the `` wrong '' choice . 
  that 's your assessment . 
  join nato or stop complaining . 
  i see more differences , sorry , and so does the western establishment . 
  they disagree just leaving it to explode is saner than the status quo . 
  i do n't see things in such a simple way . 
  you can always differentiate terrible choices and pick the lesser . 
  the west allied with stalin , to defeat hitler . 
  trump is not hitler , but gop is not stalin either , so they will do . 
  yup that was hilarious, 
   but i think putin is to blame for it . 
  oh , certainly . 
   for the rest : there was also no immediate threat for russian interests . 
  it is not like ukraine would have joined eu and/or nato the next day . 
  it was partly psychological . 
  for all the reputation of 4d chess master putin has , he has deep issues about his fallen empire . 
  vastly different situation . 
  ukraine was a ~ ~ failed state ~ ~ very weak and troubled state in the first place and until recently deeply married to russia . 
  the last time finland was at war was five billion years ago and europe had other , much bigger problems . 
  i think the reason is that no single country is really a threat to the world peace and usa is simply the most powerful , visible and historically colorful ( hi , south america !, 
  ) , so it gets the cake . 
  i mean , there are powerful players that are more ruthless , like china and russia , but russia has a very limited reach and china is very inward-oriented . 
  ah , yeah , that generated a lot of anti-americanism . 
  heeeey , the tanks are coming from the * other * direction !, 
  the problem with saudi arabia is that the alternatives will be likely worse . 
  if their regime collapses , you can just have a nice rich overtly jihadi state in their place . 
  and yes , it would be very likely worse than the current situation . 
  lots more refugees , for starters . 
   those groups are more used to counter saudi wahhabi influence i am quite sympathetic to iran but please do n't whitewash their hardliners ' actions as `` just defending themselves '' . 
  they have their own aggressive religious policy and while not as harmful and globally present as the saudis , they are hardly innocent victims there . 
  yeah , i am wary . 
  but trump also follows hardline christian conservative line and is very shaky on eu , nato , putin or even liberal democracy itself . 
  so i just prefer an otherwise reliable zealot as a lesser evil , i guess . 
  hey , whatever , it can be the umayyads for all i care , just make the map pretty !, 
  he is a christian zealot , but at least he believes in things like nato and not trusting russia . 
  nah , pence is just an establishment politician who is not as crazy as his boss and believes in maintaining the current world order . 
  i hate his views on social issues , but he is vastly preferable geopolitically . 
  heh , what a mess . 
  good luck up there . 
  oh , no doubt . 
  even finland might contemplate it . 
  speaking of which , when is spain going to finally make the iberian peninsula whole ? 
  it seems like they easily radicalize and join isis or alt-right . 
  i am joking , of course . 
  [ or am i. 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2015/11/17/this-is-the-group-thats-surprisingly-prone-to-violent-extremism/ ), 
   as well as check out some unedited footage of the white house press conferences . 
  watching his speeches is the thing the made me hate him the most . 
  i can not stand such bombastic pride in being completely ignorant . 
  and the recent conference with him explaining his `` most electoral votes '' fantasy ... 
  he is just not qualified . 
  unless trump suddenly starts curing cancer with his tears , it is very unlikely the first 100 days will be anything but a disaster . 
  eh , weirder things happened . 
  i do n't see a detente anytime soon , though , but it is not impossible . 
  and yeah , putin can die or retire , with a new leader restarting the relations . 
  though suspicion would not disappear for a while , there could be room for improvement . 
  my point is pis would hate/distrust them anyway , much more that is pragmatic . 
  they are about feels , not reals , they are just lucky this time reals align with their feels . 
  trying to break it would be hilarious . 
  sanctions from everyone . 
  they are not extremely rational . 
  they are very anti-russia , which fits the current situation but that 's it . 
  if there is a genuine detente between the west and russia , this party will still be anti-russia no matter what .
