  sorry for the mistake , saw hundreds like this one before : /, 
   everyone with half a brain left know why they really do it . 
  `` i r smart , i see through msm pc conspiracy '' would you prefer a whole community was named and shamed for the actions of the few ? 
  how would that help , exactly ? 
  who the hell you think pakistanis are , africans ? 
  the only misunderstanding is due to some people limiting the word `` asian '' to chinese or japanese . 
  well , your definition sucked so now you are confused . 
  nice poultry dodge , asian nomad invader sir !, 
  `` europe '' is a cultural construct anyway . 
  as expected , arguing about it brings out the best in people . 
  allow me to demonstrate : hey guyz , is turkey europe ?!, 
  what do you mean ? 
  one of the laws still passed and it still puts much of the judiciary under governmental control . 
  if poles decide to massively support pis just because evil foreigners attack them , they deserve to be marginalized in the eu . 
  i am just saying that something that `` would be suicide '' is not automatically a deal breaker for them . 
  they are not that smart . 
  for example , they did pass the school reform . 
  it will be a shit show and it will probably be a nail to their coffin , but they did pass it . 
  the public just has n't felt the effects yet . 
  probably the president , but both are puppets of the real leader . 
  even the recent veto by duda is unlikely to be any major fracture . 
  not saying they will , pure speculation a this point . 
  however , they have already done or attempted things that would be considered `` suicide '' , politically , and went through . 
  they do n't `` listen '' . 
  they did not do it because they agree , they simply got scared by the scale of the protest . 
  this is the only way it ever gets through to them and i have no doubt the protest movement will continue . 
   please check if they managed to sneak some other interesting legislation through while the general public was preoccupied with judicial reform [ of course they did . 
  of course it wo n't help , but that wo n't stop polish `` patriots '' from going apeshit . 
  i think it will be probably fine in the longer term . 
  the past will keep haunting us , but despite all the setbacks humanity has been slooowly progressing towards better pastures over the course of history . 
  also , the protests are all part of the [ plan ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fudwika.jpg ) to [ introduce islamic immigrants ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6sfiqig.jpg ) !, 
  if someone thinks wa\u0142\u0119sa is a deal-breaker for supporting a protest , they are likely firmly behind pis anyway . 
  well , poland first and foremost believed it was a good idea to aid usa when they asked for help , not necessarily in the invasion itself . 
  but hey , consequences , ca n't have one without the other . 
  poland would still be subordinate to eu economy and would buy eu products , it would just have much less to say . 
  you joke , but i can guarantee you the polish right-wing will start calling germans nazis at the slightest provocation . 
  you were imprecise and the narrative of europe `` falling '' is quite common in these parts . 
  now that you have clarified what you meant it makes much more sense . 
  sorry , but proper tense use is not that common , even among your compatriots here on reddit . 
  nah , talking about those who went further than that . 
  nevermind , though , my post was a useless indulgence anyway . 
  welp . 
  many leaders were simply in the right place at the right time . 
  woah , pis apologists are in force today . 
  hi guys , you finally mobilized !, 
  he is retired . 
  lots of people speak to the crowds , both young and some pretty ancient veterans . 
  what harm is he doing ? 
  he is thoroughly retired , he wo n't be a leader . 
  no harm in him adding his voice and for many it will be meaningful regardless . 
  sure it would . 
  it would be something completely different now and people would whine about it wondering what would happen if it did n't survive . 
  roman empire is one of the most horribly romanticized aspects of european history and though i am fascinated by it just as well , i am wary of anyone who is fascinated by it excessively . 
  a lot of them tend to be fascists or nationalists , for some reason . 
  god dammit !, 
  it is a cluster consonant , you do n't read it like r+z , it is a different sound . 
  a bit like the initial `` g '' in `` george '' in french . 
  similarly , in english you do n't read the `` sh '' cluster as s+h , do you . 
  roman empire is * nothing * compared to the development of even the poorest euro country . 
  it was great long ago , but get some god damn perspective . 
  glory to arstotzka . 
  i fully expect he will sell kaczynski the moment he thinks he can gain something . 
  he is an opportunist first and foremost . 
  actually , us state department is against what is happening in poland . 
  so unless trump actually notices the situation and overrules them in a tweet , usa is not on kaczynski 's side . 
  pls emancipate yourself kk, 
  i am surprised he actually wants to die for poland , seems a bit risky for his opportunist ass . 
  however , i have no doubt eu will roll over both him and kaczy\u0144ski if they choose to . 
  the time for action is closer than further now , i think . 
   not to mention the rampant corruption . 
  meh , po was n't saints , but they were n't terribly corrupt . 
  and seeing how skok situation unfolded over the years , pis ca n't really point fingers at others anymore . 
  note : i am not a great fan of po . 
   that being said , the opposition in poland is very weak . 
  i dislike them as well , but after observing foreign politics , i find that opposition is usually mediocre at best . 
  in the end , you have to choose the lesser evil - if you dislike hillary clinton , you will get donald trump . 
  i ca n't look at schetyna or petru , but i would still take them over kaczy\u0144ski . 
   most people dont care for the judicial system yeah . 
  sadly , most people do n't seem to understand how western democracy works and why things like judicial independence are crucial characteristics that put us either in the west or in the east . 
  well , they will learn now . 
  sad thing is higher education does n't mean you would not work in a kebab shop anyway . 
  just yesterday i was buying a kebab in warsaw and i was served by an obviously well-educated yemeni who came here to study decades ago . 
  and yet , he serves kebab . 
  he was probably at peace with that by now , but still , that did n't look very optimistic . 
  who knows though , if he goes through a gradual , observable change over the years - something you can not really fake - he might be let out eventually . 
  certainly when he is old . 
  though i bet he will just [ tattoo a swastika on his forehead . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/charlesmanson2014.jpg ), 
  and even then you still left your den now and then !, 
  or met someone when you felt you were going crazy . 
  or had internet with cat pictures whenever you needed them . 
  or you just chose what to eat . 
  though the choice might have been between flavors of instant noodle soups , but still !, 
  what i am saying is in this case appeal to neutrality is an attempt - conscious or non-conscious - to ignore the context of who makes this law , after what previous laws they made and after how they behaved in the past . 
  sit in your apartment for a month , without ever going out and without access to the internet , without inviting anyone , with food you do n't choose delivered to you . 
  spoiler alert , most people will start going crazy after that one month . 
  now , add the fact that you will probably never leave that place and see how much those great conditions give you . 
  no such thing as neutrality anymore , not in this situation . 
  aspiring to be `` unbiased '' and `` neutral '' can be a manipulation just as well and that is what happens here . 
  context is crucial .
