  no one is stopping greece , really . 
  banner flies hiiiigh , the raaanks are all in oooordeeer, 
  heh , this will be interesting . 
  you think that , when push comes to shove , tories can split over europe ? 
  or will the hardliners just take over ? 
  heh , i find it hard to ascribe any real political direction to him . 
  i perceive him as a drifting , conformist , soft conservative . 
  well , good for you , i still hear plenty of right-wing minded folks complaining about how our country is not capitalist , not pro-business , not socially conservative despite the fact that all parties and presidential candidates basically are . 
  as a left-minded person , i hope this election kills off miller and palikot . 
  seriously , those guys ... 
  yeah , he rises many good points . 
  then again , the writing of the films is horrific anyway . 
  wait , what , who is liberal right ? 
  in what sense is he `` liberal '' ? 
   the reason people say the eu is undemocratic is because the  european parliament ( who people vote for ) is almost entirely irrelevant . 
  it seems to serve mostly as an elaborate opinion poll for national elections . 
  even if you discard european parliament , remember that european comission is created by european council , who consists of democratically elected heads of national states . 
  even if it is not directly democratic , one can not claim it has no democratic mandate whatsoever . 
  edited my post !, 
  not because i think otherwise but because i agree that opinions should be generally stated in a less asshole-ish manner . 
  apologies for unexcellence . 
  at least they realize it leads to a two-party system . 
  the polish doofuses i mentioned believe it will lead to a parliament full of bright , independent candidates who are energetic local activists instead of party enforcers . 
  and that is why it is important to take interest in international politics , kids !, 
  nah , an opinion !, 
  should have made it less inflammatory , though . 
  why was clegg not crucified for not making a voting reform a coalition requirement again ? 
  you would survive . 
  and they are still the voice of many people , misguided though that voice may be . 
  edit : niceness inserted . 
  here is hoping kaczynski retires at some point . 
  without him uniting the crazy right , they will just fragment into bickering factions yet again . 
  the sad part is , he is a decent fellow . 
  he just has absolutely no clue wtf he is doing . 
  i read an interesting opinion in these parts - that the failure of the referendum was exactly what boosted snp popularity , since it is n't focused on such a radical question now . 
  anyway , i do n't think the scots will desire a new round anytime soon , unless something drastic happens . 
  like , i dunno , uk quitting eu . 
  seriously , i do n't know how i will digest all that popcorn !, 
  fun fact : there is a vocal activist minority in poland who believes single-seat first-past-the-post will magically cure the country of all its ills and , wait for it , `` reduce the dominance of big parties '' . 
  victory day would be fine , if it was n't used to push modern jingoism . 
  as such , you can count it as one of putin 's victims . 
  you ca n't blame the war on an appeaser . 
  that 's essentially victim-blaming . 
  no one is saying they did not do a lot , but there is still a strong vibe that ussr was fine and dandy and stalin was a `` great leader '' despite introducing a few minor harsh policies . 
  check for sarcasm before laying your life in defense of the motherland , 
  i think i was n't clear enough . 
  of course there are plenty of skilled and talented individuals there . 
  but the place had many serious problems long before poles started migrating to uk en masse . 
  said migration did not cause \u0141\u00f3d\u017a 's problems . 
  \u0141\u00f3d\u017a is not a nice place at all and has n't been for a long time . 
  any `` skill shortage '' there is n't primarily caused by migration to uk . 
  yeah , romania was supporting nazis back in the day !, 
  just curious - not trying to be malicious here - would you be okay with scotland leaving uk for realzies if uk quits eu ? 
  eu is kinda important for them , or so i hear . 
  that should be normal . 
  everyone has a right to be horribly wrong !, 
  speak polish , english is banned in ireland since last parliament vote . 
   skill shortage in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a yeah , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a was perfectly fine before you brain-drained it !, 
  what next , you will steal the best and brightest from detroit ? 
  i am not saying it is easy , i am saying random violence is certainly not helping . 
  in their defense , it is far from that simple . 
  they have been a colonial country and such a setup creates strong links with exotic countries across centuries . 
  hey , they tried, 
  dunno why you got downvoted so , you make sense like the topvotes . 
  racist radicals will inflame tensions and , if unchecked for many years , can eventually spiral out into a civil war . 
  wars and riots are bad for a society , usually . 
  it depends on what you suggest . 
  racist incidents happen even if there is no problem with huge immigration . 
  yup !, 
  i am all for it . 
  did you watch the presidential debate ? 
  half of the candidates envisioned some kind of imperial poland , being all independent and playing world powers against each other . 
  such hilarity !, 
  ah , yes , of course , i agree , sorry . 
  obviously , if the deal is okay , then i expect a reasonable leftist party to revise its view  hell , i will mail them to tell to make it less definite , i wonder if they respond , lol, 
  woah , why ? 
  if a deal is bad then we do n't take it , applies to everything . 
  usa is definitely not our enemy and neither are the multinationals . 
  regardless , multinationals are amoral for-profit entities and they often have disproportionate voice in us politics thanks to zillions in lobbying . 
  they will go as far as they can in getting as good conditions for making money as they can - because that is their nature and their function - and thus if they get too much , the deal should be opposed . 
  this is more complex , heh . 
  for starters , we do n't know what ttip will entail yet . 
  so far , it all sounds like a dream wishlist for multinationals . 
  i would love ttip , but not if it makes europe a playground for a bunch of powerful corporations . 
   no , they will stay as long as there 's no place where they could be more profitable . 
  the idea is not to be just profitable . 
  it 's to maximise profits . 
  and yet plenty of multinationals operate in places that have higher taxes than cyprus and better labor laws than china . 
   in a globalised economy you ca n't have just `` some growth '' when there 's competitors who are uninhibited in their growth . 
  that 's just a recipe to run down any domestic corporation . 
  perhaps this is part of the problem - we have enabled too much multinational mobility , to the point where we are forced into the race of the bottom . 
   you want high taxes ? 
  get a world government . 
  otherwise your country is in a free market competition with other places for tax revenue . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think world government is necessary , though , if eu and usa get their shit together it could be made less problematic . 
  time is getting ripe too , as both eu and usa are getting tired with multinationals having quadruple sandwiches and offshoring everything . 
  throwing money at the problem is not a solution either , heh . 
  hard problems are hard . 
   yeah i agree on that but there is a tipping point after which it stop being viable for them to stay .
