  actually poles did largely learn to pick up their dog 's poo . 
  at least in warsaw . 
  i feel for you , italians . 
  you were dealing with this mess looong before it became a `` crisis '' . 
  let 's build a great sea wall !, 
  either way , turkey is a close and regionally important neighbor which should be engaged with , if possible . 
  that is not to say the excesses of their rulers should be applauded . 
  it is a tricky balancing act , but it should be done . 
  that 's ridiculous , turkey is not going anywhere . 
  erdogan wo n't rule forever , they will hopefully get some saner leaders in the future . 
   i can find you quite a bit of americans that are seriously okay with nuking or carpet bombing middle-east without having a single shred of care for the civilians or still proud of iraq war . 
  sure , i mean about general policy direction . 
  american public is mostly against indiscriminate killing . 
  though i must say many statements of republican presidential candidates have dented my conviction a bit . 
   also i find that `` aim '' argument bullshit . 
  there is no difference between an attack on civilians that causes 100 civilians to die and an attack on military target that also causes 100 civilians to die . 
  happened regularly in most wars , sometimes very justified wars indeed . 
  when people bomb each other , shit happens . 
  to be clear : the fact that i say these things make difference does n't mean it is a-ok to kill civilians as long as you claim you are aiming at the military . 
  it should be always minimized , preferably to zero , and countries that do it excessively even in well-justified conflicts should be condemned and pressured adequately . 
  it is a blurry area , yes , but i prefer nuance to binary moral absolutism . 
  i can listen to his unedited statements , thanks . 
  no one says he is literally hitler . 
  he is a horribly ignorant populist who appeals to a mix of bigots and people who are angry at the american establishment . 
  i recommend listening to some of his speeches , or see some highlights . 
  even if you do not share the dislike , he is a colorful character indeed . 
  an actual trump supporter !, 
  pleasure to meet you !, 
  this is true , but i think we can see the difference of how dissonant the aims and methods are . 
  i am not defending american foreign policy - many of it instances where horrendous blunders resulting in thousands dead . 
  i simply refuse to equate it with al-qaeda . 
  from what some concerned americans have said , usa is occupied by jews and saudis . 
  it is surprising that poland is so anti-muslim . 
  they actually do share some values with us !, 
  uh , islamic terrorist operations are explicitly designed to cause as many civilian deaths as possible . 
  that 's `` aim '' . 
  it is not directly comparable , though . 
  americans , with all their bullshit and with all their faults , do not actually aim to kill civilians . 
  well , that might change with trump of course . 
  well , it is realpolitik . 
  it is never pretty , but often necessary . 
  coughislamcough, 
  it is a spectrum and shades , not a binary situation , yes . 
  regardless , there are plenty of schemes which are technically legal but lead to avoiding taxes in ways not designed/policed by the government . 
  in such cases , it is essentially legalized evasion . 
  sweet , did n't know !, 
  if i ever visit karpacz again , i will check it out . 
  you call it `` pandering '' i call it `` politics '' . 
  not saying merkel is doing it necessarily correctly , but i think i see what she is trying to do and it is not `` throwing freedom of speech under the bus '' . 
  i get the impression that you think that freedom of speech should be defended at all costs . 
  i agree in principle . 
  what we disagree at is the means - i do not think it should be done at every level and as loudly as possible . 
  from what i see merkel assumes the legal protections already in place will cause the case to be dismissed either by courts or prosecution . 
  from this point of view , escalating the conflict with erdogan is strategically unnecessary . 
   i think it is very clear that merkel is pandering to erdogan and throwing common sense and freedom of speech and expression under the bus . 
  i do n't see it like that at all . 
  she is maneuvering , sure , it is after all what she does all the time . 
  she would prefer not to piss erdogan too much , sure , but letting the prosecutors and courts - who are very aware of legal protections of freedom of speech - handle it is far cry from `` throwing it all under the bus '' . 
  but hey , opinion . 
  merkel is teh satan for so many nowadays , just might add it to the tally . 
   every time when we are faced with a tough choice to defend these values and rights we come up short . 
  except not at all . 
  it is risky if you do it at high enough profile and they are close enough to notice . 
  i agree that should be a no issue in the west but so far i trust the government knows what they are doing by not interfering directly . 
  from the article :  mrs merkel stressed that the courts would have the final word . 
   and she added that her government would move to repeal the article . 
  also , a tory government doing that ? 
  i am happy they are doing something but let 's just say i am not very optimistic . 
  the whole evasion/avoidance difference is simply law falling short on the latter . 
  it is the same thing , essentially - people and organizations who should pay the tax cheat or game the legal system not to do it . 
  `` tax optimization '' centers tend to be the last to join such initiatives , for obvious reasons . 
  i am very happy a country that has london in it wants to do something , that 's rather surprising . 
  insulting egomaniac authoritarian heads of state is always a risky maneuver . 
  in some ways , this situation is a great success . 
  i think the government is confident freedom of speech will prevail , hence they let the case run its course . 
  if they interfered it would have been another can of worms , not necessarily preferable . 
  he knew the risks , he will be fine and he will come out of it stronger . 
  signal the trident, 
  i do n't get it . 
  you complain about eu not being democratic and then complain about how the european parliament votes ? 
  seriously , eu should do more stuff like erasmus . 
  swap whole villages for a time or something . 
  sounds kinda soviet but hey , they had results !, 
  yeah , europe is still a hodge-podge of culturally-varied nations , crippled by persistent language barriers . 
  it 's a wonder it works as well as it does . 
   it would be hard to quantify , generally we need more economic convergence between memberstates , less labour rights , less bureaucracy , less corruption/lobbying/tax evasion and less regulation/protectionism . 
   but try getting that through europe . 
  the issue with most people is that they do not consider the fact that labour rights are actually a burden to the working class as well , and that regulation is often protectionism of uncompetitive old-boys/cash cows . 
  smarter labor rights , not necessarily less , please . 
  regulation can be often stifling , but the other extreme is at least just as bad . 
  workforce that is shat upon and exploited is not very innovative either . 
  ukraine is in a far better situation then the places most middle-eastern migrants flee from . 
  if ukraine implodes economically or gets even more brutalized by putin , you will see people storming the border just as well . 
  it is mostly a numbers game - provide a large enough number of displaced people and bad things will happen . 
   den of corruption that is the eu ahahaha , checked for the flair , was not disappointed . 
  it does n't mean she `` promoted unrestricted muslim immigration '' . 
  but of course you are free to read it as you wish . 
  yeah , i am sure . 
  merkel was saying there was no * legal * limit , not that she wants all the muslims ever . 
  she likely assumed the migration would be more managable .
