  lol no , it is terrorism , as usual . 
  yeah , it was always like that . 
  jihadists would love nothing more than europe persecuting muslims and , in turn , bolstering their ranks . 
  it saddens me that they just might succeed . 
  and she will fix exactly nothing while making shit worse . 
  yay humanity . 
  well , they do smile back !, 
  is n't there a chance that , perhaps , pkk in some part represents legitimate kurdish grievances ? 
  or is everything awesome between kurds and turkey and pkk are just evil terrorists ? 
   i have to ask , what it is with you guys and the amount of consonants in your language ? 
  i remember sitting in a train and passing through place called wrzeszcz , and just shook my head . 
  i get it , you like them , but that 's overdoing it . 
  those are single consonants . 
  `` sz '' is like english `` sh '' and `` cz '' is english `` ch '' . 
  so really , it is just an illusion . 
  and `` rz '' is like french `` j '' as in `` jean '', 
  humans think are so smart and yet all it takes is weather patterns to mold their mentality . 
   it seems that after our fall , we never did anything right again and it creates a losing mentality that permeates our culture , where people start to think the whole country is broken and there is n't a way to repair it . 
  shiiit , that sounds horribly depressing . 
  poles , while often convinced that everything in poland sucks ( even though we have come a really long way since communism ) do have some hope that they can become greater , richer and that life can get better . 
  i guess polish mentality sucks less than i thought . 
  also , i have just confirmed how i myself am slave to it . 
  i suppose poland is n't as bad , then . 
  it is not italy and some people will be hostile by default , but small talk is reasonably practiced here . 
  or maybe it 's just me . 
  huh . 
  it just shows how arbitrary and tenuous is our concept of `` normal ''  we live in cozy cultural bubbles and go almost insane when they are burst . 
   both syria and iraq require strong , charismatic leaders , leaders who will keep a semblance of peace in a chaos of religious separation , tribal divide and international interference ahaha , an assad supporter !, 
  you got better ideas ? 
  no one wants to get involved in syria . 
  but the alternatives are worse . 
  muricans are already bombing isis . 
  ground troops are needed for any real progress and the west would rather not send any of theirs . 
  it is all about balancing threats . 
  daesh is perceived as a bigger threat than the potential threat of kurdish ascendancy . 
  kurds are not stalin and world war 2 allies joined with stalin to defeat nazi germany . 
  it is always a calculation . 
  not everyone perceives pkk as the great satan, 
  there is no such thing as good guys and kurds have their own slew of problems . 
  but they are far superior to most other regional forces , so there . 
  for all corbyn 's faults , cameron seems a bit unbalanced by his persistence ( sensible or not ) . 
  i mean , recently the pm started insulting his opposite quite badly and i am not sure that is a win for him . 
  then again , i do not usually follow pmqs , just watched some of the recent ones so i have probably quite uninformed perception . 
   making it clear that this is just temporary aid solves the issue . 
  i think it is wishful thinking . 
  the crisis was swelled to such proportions that it would have exploded anyway . 
  europe was a logical direction in any scenario . 
  i really do n't think what you say is fundamentally different from what germany and sweden want . 
  help first and foremost the refugees , deport opportunists . 
  though one of the problems is the definition of a refugee , with plenty of anti-immigrant people using an overly strict one . 
  welp . 
   the problem caused by germany are you kidding me ? 
  germany is not responsible for the greatest global refugee crisis since 2nd world war . 
  this shit was * bound * to explode this way or another . 
  i bet many would prefer if just greece and italy went up in flames , eh ? 
   the big problem is liberal countries like germany and sweden who believe it is europe 's job to resettle everybody in the world that wants a better life . 
  they simply think they can help some people . 
   ( except when a foreigner insults her ) that 's not thailand . 
  i am certain brits do n't care about it either . 
  cameron is going * soft * on corbyn during pmqs ? 
  what does going hard entail , face-stabbing ? 
  i do not think it is impossible , but lack of any coherent approach so far has certainly contributed to this being one huge mess . 
  i got downvoted a lot on this sub for doubting ze smolensk conspiracy , so i honestly do n't know who is joking and who is , um , confused . 
   but otherwise you 're right , this thing has been going on for long now and it seems our governments have no real other solution than `` keeping an eye on them '' . 
  i think denmark had some small programme for de-radicalizing former militants . 
  of course , the problem is the public in most places will go apeshit over spending money on people like that . 
  usa , for its myriad flaws , is a lawful country and wo n't automatically make up bullshit accusations because someone is brown , militantly adventurous and speaks funny . 
  well , most of the time . 
  yeah . 
  every extremist thinks they are the good guys . 
  you ca n't get there without it . 
  did you know that if you fall into a lake from high enough , you can break your legs or be killed by hitting * water * ? 
  who could have thought that speed and energy matter !, 
  http://deser.gazeta.pl/deser/1,111858,13458451,faktoid__glaz_nie_moze_rozbic_sie_o_powietrze__macierewicz.html edit : your nickname suggests trolling but nothing is certain nowadays, 
  no , i did n't mean that . 
  of course , a part of any nation is , well , intellectually problematic , but that is not what i was talking about . 
  what surprises me is that poles on reddit seem in large part subscribing to the smolensk conspiracy . 
  i mean , i get that many poles on the internet follow korwin , or are right wing , or dislike immigrants - okay , that is understandable . 
  but smolensk being some foul play ? 
  that 's an entirely different level of crazy , up there with `` september 11 inside job '' . 
  covering what up ? 
  what suspicions ? 
  i do not care about pressure , but about the causes . 
  the cause was human error , the degree of any pressure is secondary . 
  do you have an alternative theory to a human error ? 
  for some eu countries it is a major , if not critical , stream of revenue . 
  we would need a very strong anti-loophole political climate in europe for such a confrontation . 
  labour under corbyn would be useful in the matter , but i would be surprised if corbyn in power happens . 
  actually , one of the best ways of inducing change is through money . 
  people might follow them simply because it is profitable . 
  i bet they will just patch up those loopholes in a way that leaves them usable for big business but impractical for small fry , though . 
  and even if it does n't collapse now , in 10 years we will be doomed and all kebab . 
  or in a generation !, 
  or in two !, 
  sweden is obviously on the brink of apocalypse !!, 
  surprisingly , smolensk conspiracy is believed/considered by a not insignificant number of polish redditors . 
  they know they can use it to fuck with us . 
  sadly , part of the polish political class - the one that now governs the country - can be relied on to behave quite emotionally on the matter . 
  a `` make poland froth '' button . 
  potentially quite useful , so they are saving it for later .
