  but i thought we got past social darwinism , intellectually ? 
  i like these attempts at redefining refugees . 
  `` oh , they are not reeeal refugees , real refugees are perfectly polite and only ever go 5 meters past their original country 's border . 
  they are also all women . '', 
  it just reinforces the fact that the notion of `` white race '' is bullshit that has little to do with reality . 
  not evil , just fearful and ignorant . 
  humanity was always fluid and ancestry means little . 
  well , the division between left and right is a horrible oversimplification more often than not . 
  and eastern european against . 
  if everyone followed your advice , we would all be still ruled by kings and warlords . 
  yeah , because it is all a chess match where everyone knew what would happen in the future . 
  seriously now . 
  yeah , who would have thought that after losing a home someone would want to work a lot in favorable conditions and earn as much money as possible . 
  being a `` refugee '' does not hold any moral value , it is just the fact that you have left your home and everything behind . 
  they are poor , they have little hope , many people hate them so yeah , i can imagine many of them are cunts . 
  and as hard the situation is for the host countries , be it turkey or the eu ones , it still sucks much more for them . 
  most would prefer not to have fled a fucking war and have nothing . 
   btw refugee camps in turkey are one of the best , the effort and the high standards were recognised multiple times however living for years in a camp would be exhausting no matter how well the services are . 
  you ca n't expect people to spent their lives there . 
  this is kinda important . 
  even if they are safe , it is understandable to not want to sit in a freezer for a decade . 
  not living for years in a tent city does not remove their refugee status , they still lost everything . 
  i would n't fight against much stronger enemies in a chaotic civil war with four-five sides in it , sorry . 
  therefore , i would never tell other people to that either , if they do n't feel like sacrificing their lives for ze motherland . 
  it is all a ruse , so that people get their hopes up . 
  purpose alone does not matter , but a week-old account posting highly inflammatory content on a single topic does n't get much benefit of doubt . 
  bonus points for having relevant nickname . 
  not saying dclauzel did n't make mistakes and overreacted . 
  but it is far cry from censorship or what is happily thrown around as accusation . 
  yeah , although confusion clouds most concepts . 
  racism is actually inherent in us , more or less . 
  and the problem with it is not even lack of empathy towards other humans , but gross oversimplifications leading to false conclusions . 
  in a way , i do n't even consider the term `` racist '' to be a slur - it is first and foremost a superficial emotional mistake that brings nothing to the discussion . 
  i have no real problem with banning for overt racism . 
  but the whole discussion about immigration is way too extreme to be very meaningful , most of the time . 
  for example , i am for europe-wide screening and managing of the migrants and deporting much of the economic ones , but i rarely can express it when i face overt xenophobia and `` fortress europe '' mentality . 
  but this sub is arguing immigration all the time . 
  at this moment , i see like 8 immigration threads on the sub 's first page . 
  that really does n't look like censorship to me . 
  do you think such people are a problem ? 
  i do n't think i have seen anyone being an idiot like that . 
  on the other hand i have seen plenty of people dehumanizing migrants or applying blanket ethnic/religious criteria to them . 
  maybe it is just my personal experience , but i do n't see this sub having the far-left problem you described . 
  busiest ? 
  woah , i thought that would be malacca or gulf of aden . 
  crowded sea would provide its own people-smuggling opportunities , i suppose . 
  okay , but what about far-left opinions in this sub ? 
  what opinion is `` fanatic far-left '' ? 
  unpaid volunteer work , yo . 
  not to defend him too much , but i can totally understand him being rough on the edges . 
   believes censorship of immigration issues is the way forward this argument again . 
  this sub is half immigrations issues nowadays . 
  probably , but if , say , netherlands was a failed state , they would have plenty of local sea-faring smugglers accustomed to that, 
  huh ? 
  turkey is one route , yes , going through mediterranean is another . 
  of course , migrants trying to cross the channel would lack the boat-smuggling infrastructure of libya . 
  but , again , it is not the body of water that is an obstacle but lack of failed states in the area . 
  what pressure ? 
  to which state ? 
  turkey ? 
  greece ? 
  yes , that would be preferable . 
  sadly , eu countries were mostly content to ignore those refugees in greece , italy and turkey . 
  now the problem exploded and * suddenly * european countries prefer to process people from camps . 
  good luck deporting thousands of people back to turkey or greece now . 
   if you have a third country willing to take them in about thaaaat, 
   because the uk is an island ( thank the good lord ! ), 
  and because the uk is not in schengen ( thank the various british governments who have kept us out ! ), 
  do n't be so cheerful . 
  libya is behind a much bigger sea and is definitely not in schengen . 
  what `` saves '' you is the distance and the fact that some countries on the way are welcoming . 
  if germany just waved the refugees through in your direction , like hungary and balkans , you would have a lot of new exotic roommates now . 
  yeah , i would like that , but i am not certain how to achieve greater transparency . 
  if a mod leaves a reason , it will often get attacked , disassembled and become a major flame thread . 
  if the mod defends their position , well , they risk being drawn into hours of heated debate . 
  additionally , part of mod work is looking at accounts and tracking troll throwaways - they ca n't just dissemble the information they gathered , as it just makes it easier for the disruptive people to evade the moderation . 
  i think perhaps he should n't just ban anti-mod statements . 
  perhaps a sticky meta thread would be best for this . 
  as a bonus , making a topic sticky is one of the best ways to make it invisible !, 
  far-left , perhaps ? 
  i keep hearing that . 
  clear , rigid rules are easily skirted in the immaterial medium of language . 
  doing that does not make you right . 
  that 's it , you are a robot . 
  i think it is more complex than there being `` truth '' and dclauzel obfuscating it . 
  more likely he is doing such amount of work that he inevitably makes mistakes . 
  protests against them can be justified , but they can be just as easily used as a vehicle for attacking the mod in question . 
  in such environment , shit gets tense and discussion barely possible if at all . 
  there is also the issue of the sub being in dire need of moderation , so mistakes are less frowned upon . 
  i am surprised you guys are doing it for free . 
  i would n't do it for money . 
  good luck and stay sane . 
  there is a very , very long way to get even close to that . 
  i do n't think he could ever do it , really . 
  would need to ban half the sub for that . 
  you knew those people ? 
  just curious . 
  there is plenty of throwaways/brigades nowadays . 
  hell , it could have been just one fellow spamming with new accounts . 
  it was never an echo chamber .
