  crusades being bad do not make the islamic conquest right either . 
  both were bad , just like both hitler and the soviets were . 
  while i fully agree that the turkish government is spouting nonsense , i am not sure `` but islam did it too '' is a good defense against accusations of `` crusader mentality '' . 
  crusades being crimes is a fact . 
  they are by no means more justified by islam being dicks too . 
  two wrongs etc. 
  to be fair , it is a rather major opportunity , this brexit thing . 
   labour party needs splitting in two . 
  and so do the tories but hey , fptp . 
  yeah , though competing with low corporate taxes is definitely on the franco-german hit list . 
  at some point - though not for a few years - they might decide to end the fun . 
  and potentially spawn a fresh major crisis , heh heh . 
  if people voted differently ? 
  why not ? 
  people change minds and the realization is certainly sinking in in many circles . 
  it would happen fast either way . 
  the idea is minutes after , the actual vote would be later on . 
  that attempt was crippled and sabotaged by the established parties , though . 
  as we can see in the brexit vote , the public can be swayed . 
  if someone actually explained to every chav , chavette and pensioner how fptp truly fucks them up , they would probably vote against it . 
  but that happens all the time . 
  one party wins , introduces some things , people decide they do n't like them and vote for someone who changes it back . 
  humans are fallible , human masses are fallible and democracy allows to adjust if we think we fucked up . 
  note , it would still require a huge democratic vote to undo this one . 
  it is extremely unlikely , frankly , but not inherently wrong . 
  direct democracy has its place , but in exceptional cases , preferably about non-complex issues . 
  sadly , it often gets championed as a cure-all . 
  undoing previous democratic decision using a fresher democratic mandate is perfectly fine . 
  ability to change course is one of the greatest assets of democracy , actually . 
  either way fptp is bullshit . 
  noep , direct democracy only true democracy / s, 
  it would be ever more so , that 's the thing . 
  the core would federalize or further integrate , and the unwilling would be left on a less and less important periphery . 
  `` scandal as a trial drawing accidentally includes a huge cock '' `` i was very tired and kind of switched to default - says the artist '', 
  he said a lot of things . 
  his outlook , views and actions tell a different story . 
  of course he wo n't quit it now , he knows there would be a huge backlash . 
  but ideologically , he wishes he did . 
  and it wo n't happen . 
  so nope . 
  btw , it is far , far more than that . 
  poland and hungary especially , have been drifting towards an illiberal democratic model , with very strong authoritarian tendencies that are anathema to western europe . 
  it is by far not just about the moosleem invuhsion . 
  i said `` politically '' . 
  * of course * the european money is very very delicious , but both our governments and views of our populace are gradually pushing us outside . 
  the fact that we remain is mostly a question of convenience . 
  at some point our commitment to eu will be tested and if nothing changes , we will be out . 
  no doubt , our government would leave in five minutes if they conveniently could . 
  it is only natural that a significant part of populace shares their sentiments . 
  holy shit , people dreaming about a different future are the worst thing ever !, 
  we must revert to tribal villages to stop them !, 
  these do n't matter much and are politically on an `` out '' trajectory anyway . 
  ahahahah look , nation states are mighty useful and will remain so for a long , long time . 
  but pretending they are the end point of development is hilarious . 
  they are not complex , at worst their names are too similar . 
  people are just too disinterested and often have little knowledge about their own national institutions . 
  many western europe citizens citizens would love if countries like poland and hungary left . 
  ca n't blame them , at this point we happily take their money while calling them tyrants . 
  of course , it will be interesting how it all plays out . 
  i prefer when it is boring and predictable , but oh well . 
  it might be so , but this is a time of great uncertainty . 
  a lot of things that were unlikely now became more possible . 
  i will be quite interested in ni polls done after today , they will tell us much more . 
  `` i doubt uk will leave eu '', 
   it looks like support in ni for a reunified ireland is quite low . 
  i am certain it is the polls done after yesterday 's vote that will be the most interesting . 
   literally none of this is happening . 
  i like your confidence . 
  hey , you know what was also certain ? 
  uk not voting `` leave '' . 
   neoliberal and austerity policies of the eu . 
  at the same time considered hardcore leftist , bloated , welfare-promoting and neoliberal . 
  yup , those fears are foolish and ignorant . 
  i am for federal europe but even i realize it would take decades , at least . 
  please , just a few years ago people wondered why it still existed . 
  it does not exert influence , it is a safety mechanism . 
  jesus , any federalization drive would have to be agreed by member states . 
  no one would invade you with federal bureaucrats . 
  nope . 
   ** also ** a big source of that `` democracy '', 
  either way , cameron got his spot in history alright . 
  what an idiot . 
  why would uk quit eu ? 
  any country can quit it . 
  reverse churchill . 
   trust democracy you can also vote in general elections . 
  this is also a big source of that `` democracy '' thing . 
  regardless , plenty of laws and regulations that would make americans scream . 
  you know , gun control . 
  instead you yelled `` fuck you , i wo n't do what you tell me '' and stabbed yourselves in the knee . 
  circumstances just drastically changed . 
  they will get one . 
  and they will get another . 
  aussies - the brits that knew to get away early . 
  if scotland takes off , it will be an opening for ni too . 
  remember to build a big wall in the middle of the sea . 
  trump does . 
  after today 's vote , i can see him winning , because why the fuck not . 
  let 's burn it all . 
  or fight the tyranny of the federal government !,
