  if anything it recently was starting to look like one , with all the anti-immigrant fervor . 
  i am surprised he did n't quit just to cut all the bullshit . 
  seems to me his work here is quite unappreciated . 
   can remove anything that dares to suggest multiculturalism is n't 100 % perfect ; ditto anything regarding extremism then he terribly sucks at it . 
  this sub has been inundated with xenophobia recently . 
  oh , what a neutral statistical post * without * any agenda !, 
  truly surprised it got cut out !, 
  i saw a bunch of anti-immigrant throwaway accounts , so excuse me if i do n't emphatize, 
  such oppression . 
  so resistance . 
  they kind of have no choice , at that point . 
  the assets of another country is what keeps them alive . 
  the alternative would be for them to work illegally , beg , scavenge and live in makeshift camps . 
  that would be more terrible for everybody . 
  the referendum was a joke , but , well , the cost is part of the costs of democracy . 
  not the best spent money , though . 
  not exempt from laws , but a free ticket ? 
  yeah !, 
  you know why ? 
  because their country went up in flames . 
  when that happens , people stop giving a fuck and just go wherever , because they are really , really screwed . 
  if your or mine country went into a prolonged war , would we just meekly sit in a tent city in slovakia for ten years ? 
  thankfully , war is nowadays more about what comes next , not about raw military power . 
  even if they are bastards and murderers , dehumanizing them is not necessary . 
  i think it is less clear cut . 
  a terrorist organization is focused on terrorist attacks . 
  such attacks seem to be only part of pkk actions and countries at an all-out war often target civilians using every tactic possible . 
  firebombing cities during world war 2 , to use a light example . 
  hand off that button !, 
  either they do n't know wtf they are doing or they are cynically trying to provoke turkey into a civil war . 
  if the latter , then i really hope most kurds disavow them . 
   we should take israel 's war against the hamas terrorism as an example . 
  oh man , please think it through . 
  they live in constant tension , ready to spring to action . 
  israeli-palestinian conflict is a bad thing to emulate . 
  not saying they are n't being really good at it . 
  that 's a bit different , then , depends how sweden perceives iraq . 
  not as fucked up as syria , but still lost a quarter of the country including a major city . 
  with russian military support . 
  hah , moldovians must have smirked when donbas and crimea happened . 
  was n't that what last time happened ? 
  it can be a long walk , but protests definitely matter . 
  got engaged just to have a cover for fleeing !, 
  every country * was ruled by a corrupt clique once . 
  definitely curable . 
  * except germany . 
  aeons ago , germany emerged from primordial chaos and lo !, 
  there was order . 
  of course , should be bumped into the far back of the line , maybe somehow penalized . 
  such asshattery hurts other refugees first and foremost . 
  but it should n't fundamentally change the situation . 
  some people lie to get better conditions after their life went to utter shit , who would have thought . 
  i think it is deplorable , but is still a small thing compared to where he comes from . 
  those two things are connected . 
  their own economy was , well , vaporized . 
  they need to work , not to bling themselves up but just to try to fix huge holes in their lives the war made . 
  are they supposed to sit for ten years of civil war in a tent city with no serious medical care , no education , no job , no future ? 
  syria is , so syrians can be and often are war refugees . 
  you do n't stop being a refugee just because you are safe . 
  their lives are still essentially ruined , you know . 
  he can be 40 , he still comes from a country destroyed by a brutal four/five-way civil war . 
  yes , he was in danger in his country , that is why he is outside of it , without home , job and all that jazz . 
  that is why they are `` economic migrants '' , because often they lost everything and many of their family members are sick or injured . 
  immigrant crisis is heating this place up too . 
  many people fear those millions of dirty fanatic muslims who will soon flood poland in their imagination . 
  also , today we have a referendum on introducing single-district first-past-the-post . 
  i know !, 
  some people had a brilliant idea that the country is so broken that even change for the worse will help . 
  they obviously never read a foreign newspaper and had no knowledge of all the terrible crap fptp brings . 
  thankfully nobody cares , so they will have 10 % out of 50 % required voter participation with 90 % voting for . 
  good and bad , eh . 
  glad to see your region has recently stopped tolerating corruption meekly . 
  long way to go at it can still suck , but you guys are having some cool start . 
  they lost everything due to ongoing war , though . 
  so yeah , they are still war refugees . 
  it is not just about physical safety . 
  complaining is one thing , constantly threatening exit is another . 
  thankfully , you guys have a date now , so you can finally make up your mind . 
  bye and good luck . 
  but please make up your mind sometime soonish . 
  i am truly fed up with threats of uk leaving whenever you guys dislike something . 
  it 's fucking scary , the sentiment that is going on here recently, 
  oh come on , are you really taking into account how will fantasies look ? 
  that 's crazy , you can support/reject any idea using such arguments . 
  so , you know the will of the people ? 
  if anything , merkel does not want to lead the eu very much . 
  yes , this can slowly cascade into a de-facto disintegration of the eu . 
  it would be sad to see europe yet again becoming a playground full of selfish bickering children . 
  thankfully , business with russia is now mostly frozen for the next decade or so . 
  they are still affected by the war , though . 
  often , they have nothing and live in overcrowded tent cities in turkey . 
  they still need help , even if that help is considered `` economic '' . 
  perhaps if eu have had pooled a lot of money into helping them inside turkey , this would n't have happened . 
  but it was convenient to just let others deal with it , and so here we are . 
   i presume this has just started now . 
  greeks and italians will laugh at your face . 
  nazi muslim army !, 
  they will create a global nazi caliphate !, 
  i can understand that . 
  if you think you are against some global or continental conspiracy , it is your duty to spread the word .
