  dunno why you got downvoted , probably local polish redditors have different political opinions !, 
  well , korwin has been traditionally popular among coders and it folks , for some reason , so it is no surprise he has fans in these parts . 
  and yeah , together is social democrats . 
  the only genuinely leftist party on the table . 
  there is also zl ( united left ) , but they are badly contaminated by hopeless post-communists who have long gravitated towards de-facto right wing positions . 
  foreign sites are obviously exempt . 
  also , electoral silence is bullshit . 
  zl is such a conflicting product . 
  on one hand , it really does include genuine leftists . 
  on the other hand , miller and palikot , ohgodohgodno i 'd rather they did not qualify , too . 
  not very impartial but still funny !, 
  eh , who exactly ? 
  now , i am rather pro-refugee myself and i mostly see this the other way around . 
  and you still have many options that are anti-immigrant anyway . 
  it was n't as simple , from what i read . 
  many units in the north iraq did put up a good fight . 
  sadly , the baghdad government failed to adequately support them and you ca n't do much without ammo . 
  this is true , although it does contribute to the world being a more dangerous place . 
  not that not exporting weapons would help much , there are plenty others who would fill the void . 
  global demilitarization would have to be , well , global . 
  isis sure got much of the weaponry usa gave to iraqis . 
  just saturating the area with guns does not bring stability , whatever us gun advocates might say . 
   perhaps the iraq government perceives russia is more willing to stoop to is 's low level to get the dirty work done . 
  i really wonder what they could possibly achieve by being bigger assholes . 
  i mean , what can they do ? 
  usa already does targeted bombing and special forces missions . 
  if russians wanted to one-up them , they would have to bomb more indiscriminately ( delicious delicious collateral damage ) or contribute serious ground troops . 
  probably though , the big appeal of russia for middle-eastern rulers is , as usual , no whining about human rights , respecting minorities or democracy . 
  russia prefers their client states as autocracies and they care little about anything past loyalty . 
  why would that ( russia supplanting usa in iraq ) sting ? 
  i understand it would be unwelcome on the strategic level . 
  but on a more emotional level it is not like middle eastern allies are pokemon to collect . 
  if russia wants to go into a middle-eastern clusterfuck , burn its resources and disappoint their new `` friends '' , more power to them . 
  it 's not like putin has a remedy to anything anyway . 
  and if iraqis think russians are better , they can fuck off and get a room . 
  russians are at least as unreliable as anybody else and many would say they are worse . 
  early communism actually had some sizeable genuine following , though, 
  yeah , immigration has its considerable challenges . 
  but people go way overboard and into panic mode about it . 
  because many people predicted the end of the world in sweden . 
   attacker seems to be white , no wonder the thread was left up . 
  persecuted much ? 
  in one of the recent immigrant threads , some poster was saying that perhaps swedes should go back to their viking ways . 
  i suppose this is what they wanted ? 
  murdering people with swords ? 
  almost nothing is as easy as widely accessible guns . 
  all other methods require knowledge , long preparation , very specific circumstances etc. 
  gun is almost always `` better '' . 
  he can only ever chase one victim at a time . 
  still horrible , but vastly better than some dude spraying the room with a semi-auto . 
  i dislike comments like yours , but in this case i can not possibly blame you . 
  hey , i said it was n't foolproof !, 
  also , the german experience is now part of our culture . 
  we do agree on the matter , generally , we just differ in shading . 
   sending money to those countries and help them better prepare against the crisis would have helped a lot and it still was n't done despite all the noise about helping the refugees closer to their place of origin . 
  i agree we all have in us the potential for murder and genocide but there is more to it than just jobs and food . 
  there is also culture , education and countless other systems collectively called civilization . 
  not foolproof , but works most of the time . 
  while he had his positive aspects , his prominence was exactly what enabled the polish church to remain mentally in middle ages . 
  `` look look , we have teh poep , we are so holy and awesome , now give us all the money , polish government ! '' . 
  and they did . 
  because poep . 
  while i am all for secularism , it is not by itself an absolute value . 
  a secularist force can be quite nasty indeed and from what i recall turkish military did their share of coups and other crazy stuff . 
  itt : people angrily arguing with imaginary straw-men in their heads . 
  this is what i got from your comment . 
  sorry if i misread it . 
  if what you say is true and is not an exaggeration , then the only thing left to do is an armed revolt against the leftist-islamic regime . 
  attempting to burn people alive and an unpopular immigration policy are equivalent to you ? 
  welp , accident is very much possible . 
  with immigration being a , ahem , hot topic , ca n't blame police automatically checking for arson . 
  is there an opinion that you think is censored and not represented here ? 
  because i see plenty of anti-immigrant posts , some happily proclaiming that the end is nigh . 
  if anything , it is the mythical `` take all immigrants in '' views that i do not see at all . 
  despite the claims that they supposedly dominate this sub . 
  and yet your comment was not removed despite being incorrect . 
  perhaps the key lies in not insulting anyone or not approving arson and violence ? 
  of course , my point is that said perceptions are needlessly apocalyptic . 
  one can be a dick without resorting to name-calling and the like . 
  it provides higher dickishness power , even . 
  almost every extremist is convinced they are doing the right thing . 
  it 's all just necessary sacrifice , you see . 
  breivik is a good example . 
  `` why was my comment removed ?!, 
  far-left sensorship ! '', 
  nothing ever ends . 
  it is all a process . 
  no need to reveal the plan too early !, 
   you ca n't wait for the next elections if you think the government is destroying your country today . 
  france has had seventeen billion muslims for decades , still not destroyed . 
  they can wait until next elections . 
  how is arson a reasonable way of protesting , again ? 
  haha , hold your horses , we are talking about schools , not churches !, 
  i mean , i am an atheist and all , but baby steps !, 
  that would probably create an issue with catholic schools and the like . 
  do it just to the islamic ones and you got ourselves a bona fide religious persecution . 
  it would have to be applied extremely conservatively . 
  every false positive - or even a bit of ambiguity - will likely make more problems than the rest of the program fixes . 
  tailoring a law at something while maintaining the facade of a wider purpose is a very old trick in the book . 
  that is not to say the law is automatically bad , but one can not blame muslim organizations for saying that it is , in fact , targeted at them .
