  yup , it is an emotional demagoguery , not an invitation to a conversation . 
  was actually surprised , but not complaining . 
  sadly , angela will eat him at the polls . 
  of course you do . 
  ah , i know the movie , just did n't recognize the mug . 
  thanks !, 
  what is this from ? 
  yeah , you can just put warmer clothes on , but you can never escape the heat , unless you hide in ac rooms forever . 
  he ca n't do it it out of nowhere , though ? 
  if he does n't campaign on leaving the eu and then tries to do it later , he will be stabbed from all sides . 
  also , i do n't know how sane and predictable he is . 
  being leftist does n't mean someone is crazy or vice versa . 
  melenchon does n't want to exit eu , i think ? 
  just make it more leftist . 
  not mutually exclusive . 
  russians did not support him to control him but to weaken the us . 
  while it did backfire a bit for them , the rest of the plan works pretty well . 
  maybe technically . 
  practically , terrorism is used to denote `` the bad guys '' more often than not . 
  if i hated them , sure !, 
  i generally avoid using the word `` terrorist '' , though , exactly due to how subjective and meaningless it is . 
  terrorism is just a name for guerrillas we do n't like . 
  heh , uk is widely considered one of the most mature democracies in the world and yet the public keeps falling for such cheap demagoguery . 
  sigh . 
  i am sure this is pure fancy and ignorance on my side , but back when lib dems won as much as they did and were in coalition negotiations with tories , i thought they should condition their participation on loosening fptp , without referendum and was rather surprised when they did n't . 
  probably that would have been too much , but they got used by the tories and outplayed with the av vote anyway . 
  no wonder they fought hard , this was one of the few genuine threats for the establishment . 
  what saddens me is how seemingly indifferent the british public was . 
  i still do n't understand how could they mess it up . 
  ironically , i did read that arab homophobia is historically a recent development , largely due to colonial influence of european powers . 
  hope you guys can one day liberate yourselves from it . 
  while i fully agree about trump and brexit having real chances , do remember that opinion can be quite volatile nonetheless . 
  tory landslide is very likely today , but a lot can change in politics , in a short time . 
  this is not some false hope , just a reminder about unpredictability . 
  as a bonus , sturgeon 's decisive victory would further legitimize her push for quick referendum , i suppose ? 
  what if the world is not as simple as you think and blaring strong opinions is not always wise or correct for many reasons ? 
  i would n't worry about renegotiating either , it is a nightmare and they are just as likely to get bogged down if they try . 
   brexit-referendum had a 72 % turnout . 
  does this mean 28 % does not feel british ( nor european ) ? 
  it means such important decisions should not be decided in such binary and final manner . 
  i would send him a tomahawk , if i were you !, 
  they have influence and they are pandered to , but the current ruling elite is not orthodox - they are just dicks . 
   the most stupid liberal propaganda ever i am really confused whether you are far-right of far-left here . 
  better question : lepen or melenchon ? 
  it is certainly one of the main pillars of peace in the west . 
   this is soviet level propaganda and you criticize a hyperbole ... 
  i am pretty astounded by the things you say , but wish you a good day nonetheless . 
  you misunderstand `` replaced '' . 
  they were n't replaced , as in , the were n't wiped out or forced to flee . 
  similar tribe lived in the same place , sure . 
  they were , however , only in a very small part like you , as over the ages they bred with other tribes and their culture changed with times/outside influence . 
   poles do n't even come close to lithuanians , we only changed cultures between each other , not genetics . 
  hahaha , they totally did `` change genetics '' and with great fervor . 
  not that it matters anyway or at least it really should n't . 
  sure they are your ancestors . 
  they are probably also my ancestors . 
  and you have also ancestors in ancient norway or portugal . 
  1900 years ago we had an insane amount of ancestors , if not for inbreeding , there would n't be enough people in the world back then . 
  even if your family lived in a isolated village in a valley somewhere , there was still plenty of blood injected , from all over the place , over such a long time . 
  it is choosing people from your current country as your `` true '' ancestors and ignoring all those `` foreign '' ancestors that is what is against genetics . 
  no , i just see things differently and do n't idealize genetic ancestry into some trans-generational mystical connection . 
   we are the same people who were living here 2k years ago . 
  no , you are their very distant descendants , different from them in almost every way . 
  well , it was n't `` you '' . 
  we have very little in common with people who lived two thousand years ago , even if they called themselves like we do . 
  that is why we must make an eu army and start correcting . 
   what is actually going on alien invasion ? 
  95 % , according to much of reddit . 
  meh , such brigades are boring and predictable . 
  murica ? 
  that is so depressing , heh, 
  dubya was predictable and responsible , compared to trump . 
  remember he went to war after 9/11 - trump in his place would have nuked mecca or something . 
  the immigration issue in europe , while messy , was hugely overblown and [ has greatly subsided by now . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38584705 ), 
  in case of usa , there is no large scale muslim immigration or danger of it happening . 
  there were some nimby concerns , at least in the past . 
  but yeah , the successive governments could n't get their shit together for decades now . 
  stances favoring widespread repression of muslims , like `` banning islam '' , has long stopped surprising me . 
  awesome , am pretty jealous !, 
  poland could n't even build one reactor and we are continually planning to do it sometime in the future , maybe , dunno , not in my backyard , omg chernobyl . 
  of course you are . 
  depends . 
  do we want a nice priestly structure , somewhat similar to catholicism , or a more decentralized thing , closer to many protestant denominations ? 
  both have pros and cons , eh !, 
   but maybe you mean we should all convert to islam . 
  or ban it entirely , that 's also a popular option on the internets . 
  true , it was a mixed bag . 
  however , a lot of the same british , french and spanish settled and became americans . 
  and things like trail of tears happened well into us statehood . 
  native americans are seen as an integral part of us image , like samurai are for japan . 
  and just like with the samurai , they are heavily mythologized , with a near-fantasy mental picture . 
  in other words , you got feathered headgear , live in a tipi , smoke a pipe an say `` howgh '' . 
  i think a lot of people see the first nations as victims of american colonists , it is brought up whenever an american gets on an exceedingly high horse . 
  yeah , universal mockery requires some universal values . 
  i do n't know if we have those anymore . 
  even if you have valid concerns , it still looks stupid when you elect an ignorant idiot who has no actual solutions to those issues, 
  you can still become a serious candidate for chancellor !, 
  what is austria 's basement ? 
  it does , but usually the transfer occurs mostly for a specific fringe , that is not that interested in actual left-wing policies , but making it all crash down first so they can rebuild it anew .
