  tories were naturally against it , lib dems should have used all the leverage for it . 
  makes it even worse for him . 
  shows he can sacrifice sanity itself for power . 
  what was with ukip ? 
  milions of votes , no seats ? 
  i have no love for ukip , but that was still ridiculous . 
  it is immensely sad lib dems failed to properly force tories to reform fptp and promote the av vote . 
  such a waste . 
  the border between being mentally unstable and politically extreme is rather blurry , though . 
  many islamic terrorists were genuinely crazy , but the political aspect remains . 
  also , the sun reported `` britain first '' too . 
  them of all people would do all they can to a ) disprove it b ) prove it was some muslim . 
  i still do n't trust anything they write , but it is something . 
  was it disproved ? 
  i did n't see any mention in the main info channels anyway ( like bbc , nyt etc. ), 
  so i assumed it was rather uncertain . 
  opened the bbc and swore quite loudly . 
  it is a human tragedy first , but the political repercussions are bound to be ugly . 
  like we needed more chaos . 
  i agree , in general . 
  but in the current political climate , with brexit looming and being very uncertain , the mourning period will get extra curtailed . 
  whether we like it or not . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  i was n't even talking about swiss views - with which i am not familiar - but how switzerland is portrayed in internet discussions and sometimes the press . 
  sometimes they are presented as superior due to being neutral , as something that should be emulated . 
  even though , obviously , it has is own drawbacks and is in a large part a result of geopolitical circumstances unique to switzerland and not due to finding `` the right way '' . 
  often gets linked praising swiss direct democracy , even though it also has its own caveats . 
  hitler just did n't get around it , all the gold dealing and mountains would not have saved them if he was n't busy with other targets . 
  they bought some time when others got the pain . 
  which makes sense , from a pragmatic point of view , no country has to be heroic . 
  but i do dislike the aura of superiority that is given swiss neutrality . 
  it is an opportunist survival tactic , not some moral high ground . 
  they are lucky their neutrality is not tested in modernity . 
   it 's more like somebody in ukraine painting a mural saying crimea/donetsk/luhansk is ukrainian regardless of what it might feel like to you . 
  aaand that country is at war . 
  which is the whole point . 
   bombing a country , carving away its sovereign territory and moulding a vassal state from it does n't tend to create a conciliatory mood . 
  shocking is n't it ? 
  neither does already having a recent history of genocidal civil wars . 
  no one really wanted to go there , but the alternative was more ethnic cleansing . 
  there were no good choices there , really . 
  ... and just like nuclear weapons , the very fact it exists changes everything . 
  do you think history ended and we are better people now ? 
  seeing how europe looked in the past , are you certain being in one big military bloc is a bad thing ? 
  after the orlando massacre , even jokes about eastern european hatred towards homosexuals make me angry . 
  even if he is not in power , by now he should have a bit more vision then `` if we wave our flag very hard , it will be all better '' . 
  it does , in a way . 
  sadly it is also a catalyst for all sorts of idiocy . 
  paddle away already, 
  yeah , it is all fine that the swiss are neutral , but in the end it all depends on how much other countries care about it . 
  was n't branding the poster nor did i use the word `` xenophobia '' as an insult . 
  it is , to my knowledge , an accurate description of the common polish approach to the matter . 
  it is different to what people in , say , uk might exhibit whenever they have direct bad experiences with muslims or muslim immigrants . 
  poles do n't even know what they dislike , they fear an echo , an imaginary construct that has little to do with reality . 
  it is not about being anti-immigrant , but about being anti-immigrant on a primal instinctive level and blowing everything out of proportion . 
  yeah , well , then it amounts to ignorance-induced fear of the unknown , also known as xenophobia . 
   americans are even more terrible than europeans at guessing what percentage is muslim with the average american guessing 15 % ( in actuality 1 % ) . 
  that 's mostly obama , though . 
  please , that shit was centuries ago . 
  we accuse islam of being medieval and yet we ourselves entertain a medieval perception . 
   it is confusing at first sight : why be so dramatically preoccupied with something you 'll never come across ? 
  it is called xenophobia . 
  and yes , it is very much a thing in these parts . 
  he is a native speaker , he can make up words . 
  i disagree . 
  while modern countries retain the power to make the biggest decisions , they are more and more limited to binary in or out . 
  in the world of interconnected markets and businesses , less and less of the important details is left to the governments . 
  but of course brexit would n't change it anyway . 
  uk would be at the mercy of the very same forces as they are now , except that now some of those forces would be upset . 
   never that a long time , you know, 
  nah , it is only the anti-immigrant and anti-islam extremist posts that get upvoted here . 
  and even that not always , depends on what crowd is around . 
  you can enjoy almost any place if you are a paying/honored guest . 
  denis rodman sure had fun in north korea . 
  it will be funny to see how they inevitably lose control over the drunk crowds . 
  unless they clamp down on it hard , but then it will by my popcorn time . 
  well , it is n't in a sense it reflects the anxiety . 
  people are just eager to see the result already . 
  i suppose it is more about being tired of the whole thing . 
  `` remain or leave but make up your mind and stop making everything even more chaotic . '', 
  was n't this the idea of most brexit supporters all along ? 
  access to european countries on better terms ? 
  when optimism fails , there is always fatalism . 
  if uk wants boris to be their churchillian leader , then perhaps it is all for the best . 
  not really . 
  you presented a way of thinking that represents at least some brexiters , despite your personal calculations . 
  as in , the thinking you showed in your original comment showed a trump-level bullshit . 
  perhaps you are not entirely confused , but it sure was a close one . 
  thank you . 
  thanks to you , i understand brexiters a bit better now . 
  i know , just saying being collectively wrong has a long tradition, 
  hey , sure , most russians now think soviet union was awesome . 
  they can democratically choose to be in self-aggrandizing denial . 
  if germans did it , everyone can . 
  admitting and apologizing for the genocide would not force turkey to adjust borders or provide reparations , though some goodwill on both sides on the matter would be a positive thing . 
  hey , sure , shit happened because these were brutal times . 
  that is why it should be easier for the turks to admit it , apologize and be done with it . 
  just like so many other countries did . 
  because it implies it was something less horrible . 
  an administrative move , even .
