  i await eagerly for the polish reaction when poland is required to take some refugees . 
  xenophobia is reaching insane levels here . 
  dream on , eu will survive much bigger crises , simply because there is no reasonable alternative . 
  i can understand you being bitter . 
  this crisis was going for a long while with italy being in the grinder . 
  i would n't worry about the outcome not being favorable towards italy , seeing as germany is now in a similar situation . 
  why not into a volcano ? 
  jesus fuck those immigration threads recently . 
  [ do n't take my word for it ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/558193896.html ), 
  okay , i may have got a bit confused in the replies . 
  what do you mean by `` we have a big population '' ? 
  yeah , we do . 
  and yet migrants arrive and we have to do something about them , big population or not . 
  you said `` what '' , so nothing really has anything to do with what you said . 
  then i did n't understand your `` what '', 
  `` invasion '' has a strong military and war connotations . 
  thus this term is unhelpful , unless you want a military solution . 
  you ca n't `` stahp ze immigration '' , not into eu . 
  way too few , if you ask me . 
  immigration influx is not a choice . 
  how we manage it is . 
  talking to each other would be a good first step to find a common ground . 
  nothing of the sort happens . 
   iraq , somalia and afghanistan are considered safe btw ( at least by the netherlands ) and people get actively deported to these countries . 
  that 's quite horrifying , i thought netherlands were better . 
  on one hand , this is the biggest migrant crisis since second world war . 
  on the other hand , as you said , it 's not some fucking invasion . 
  europe should get its shit together and create a common response . 
  this silence and indecision is disgraceful . 
  i know , but i ca n't imagine an invasion ending any better . 
  further alienating arabs and muslims , destroying whatever institutions that remain there , occupation going for decades , north african extremists having a field day shooting at european soldiers ... oh , and migrants have other routes . 
  yup , these are results of hiding heads in the sand . 
  do the bare minimum and let it fester afterwards . 
  yeah , panic some more, 
  good luck pulling european countries into that . 
  you can easily go to lybia legally or illegally , no probs, 
   this is why we ca n't allow ghetto 's to continue to be created . 
  it creates small areas that are essentially ruled by dodgy 3rd world patriarchs and the actual police/local government are nowhere to be seen . 
  problem is , ghettos are the result of ignoring the issue . 
  to avoid ghettos you need to have a costly settlement diversification plan of some sort and that is `` omg immigrants taking our tax money '' . 
   europe seems to state that all religions and cultures are equally good and valuable , which is simply not true . 
  i do not know who do you think says that . 
  what is discouraged is piling on some culture/religion , because more often than not it is racist scapegoating . 
  but that does n't mean everything is equal . 
  thing is , you ca n't force people to integrate . 
  you can not `` disallow '' them having their culture , as long as it does n't break the law . 
  and it mostly does n't . 
  trying to make a coordinated response is still miles better than thinking the problem will go away by itself . 
  and people will actually help each other if someone feels weak and/or alert the driver . 
   i 'm absolutely certain this human trafficking channel has been operating with the blessing of the custom 's agency and the internal ministry that would be unsurprising . 
  in the absence of a coordinated european response countries just fend for themselves and , in the case of transit countries like bulgaria , they simply help people along . 
  start ? 
  sweden has been doing a lot of awesome shit over the decades . 
  well , your society does now !, 
  heh , taboos were always ridiculed at some point . 
  same with anything else that went against traditionalist bullshit , like women rights , sexual minority rights etc. 
  all of those things were first ignored , then ridiculed , then met with fury . 
  arrest and keep in prison for how long ? 
  with or without trial ? 
  not to say such stuff would n't be doable , it is just that they would open new cans of worms and probably make things even worse . 
  there are no `` obvious '' miracle solutions as some in this thread seem to suggest . 
  what measures would you want to take ? 
  ok , let 's assume islam is baaad . 
  what are you gon na do about it ? 
  wage a world war ? 
  persecute their faithful ? 
  oh man , that would be a fun thing to watch . 
  from the falklands or some other far-off place i would relocate to . 
  so , what do you want to do with them , exactly , and how would it not piss people even more and gain them more support ? 
  such claims are still silly , but no need to police them , i suppose . 
   if you read some of our other replies in this thread you can see that the cultural relativism section of the racism rule has been dropped . 
  huh , could you clarify ? 
  what was the rule ? 
  if some those refuse to see certain groups of humans as humans , then it is a major difference in the perception of reality , sometimes quite irreconcilable . 
  definition wars suck . 
  i just dislike when a lot of people get murdered . 
  in short : overemphasis on martyrdom and sacrifice that keeps coloring the present and in turn makes us less rational . 
  history in general is a ... discourse , not a set of facts . 
  of course , some countries are going a bit overboard with it . 
  wo n't stop foreign spying , though . 
  poor google street view . 
  at the same time , government surveillance is doing fiiine . 
  hence why i said `` if '' . 
  an outsider 's impression from that article looked a bit like that , even though in reality it is as you say . 
  if they keep calling those referendums willy-nilly , it will only ever hurt scotland itself . 
  such constant uncertainty is unlikely to be beneficial to the economy . 
  unless scotland actually leaves . 
  congratulations , i guess , whatever floats your boat . 
  i really hope baltic states reasonably solve their `` russian problem '' at some point or it will fester forever . 
  of course , russia itself is not helping , being the belligerent it is nowadays . 
  and so , the russian state screws russians yet again . 
  your borders twist around each other like a pair of world-snakes in heat . 
  it is probably hard not to migrate by accident , now and then . 
  sorry for the late reply !, 
  the credit for the username goes entirely to oglaf , i feel unworthy of stealing it but hey , it was unocuppied . 
  any question of european federalization is characterized by its voluntary nature and necessity . 
  no one will force anyone into it , so it wo n't happen any time soon . 
  on the other hand global forces will likely continue to push and continental issues will continue to be common . 
  does n't have to happen at all , either . 
   i do n't think superpowers help the cause of world peace , i think trade pacts , globalization through technology and trade , and education will bring about a better world .
