  people constantly insult whole nations , sometimes even on this sub . 
  lazy . 
  germans ? 
  bullies . 
  hungarians ? 
  swedes ? 
  commie feminist leftists . 
  americans ? 
  ignorant , fat and uneducated . 
  not saying throwing such blanket statements like that is right or smart , but that is just an opinion anyone can hold . 
  yeah , i know , most other parties do n't give a hoot about lgbt either . 
  but pis are rather closer to the extreme than further and will definitely not help . 
   nothing wrong with adoption though . 
  nothing wrong with adoption . 
  a lot wrong with touting adoption in place of an ideologically banned fertilization procedure . 
  see , yesterday after i wrote that post , i started to wonder . 
  maybe i was exaggerating ? 
  maybe they are not that bad . 
  and i went down the list and every one of those descriptors remains true . 
  are they traditionalist ? 
  yeah - they are supportive of the church , want an in vitro ban . 
  paranoid ? 
  they have been most of their history ? 
  yup . 
  `` refugees carry disease '' . 
  shittons of extremely costly social promises . 
  does n't mean they will be automatically horrible . 
  but considering the above , it would be hard for them not to do something messed up . 
  what can i do , i am not in favor of most putin 's political initiatives, 
  i heard that the whole election evening from almost everyone i interacted with here in poland . 
  oh right , we will become a prosperous center of power , trade and finance , all thanks to our unbroken slavic spirit and independence . 
  eh , poland was just a detail , really . 
  mostly recruited for image reasons , not a major participant or the affair 's initiator . 
  still , poland was a tool and that is not good either . 
  not good at all . 
  i mean , fine , if that is what you want , but i refuse to like the idea of our region becoming some hinterland confederacy . 
  journalists have , like , opinions . 
  quite loud and diverse , actually . 
  and that is why labels like `` right '' or `` left '' are utterly useless in a wider discussion, 
  contrary to popular opinion , just promising to give out tons of cash is not `` socialist '' . 
  miller 's and palikot 's demise alone are worth it . 
   who tf wants to change from proportional to first-past-the-post , especially a small party that would get frozen out of a two - or two-and-a-half party system ?? 
  i know !, 
  i have been screaming at his supporters for ages , but they are so convinced this will `` save '' poland and `` de-frost '' the political scene , it is crazy . 
  grass is greener on the other side , but ffs , that is not grass , that 's a volcano !, 
  they actually believe fptp will make the system more representative !, 
  pure magical thinking borne out of not knowing what the fuck they are talking about . 
   or just tell the eu to go screw itself . 
  yeah , let us all go hug russia . 
  eastern europe is still mentally in the warsaw pact , apparently . 
  yup . 
  if ze nation wants to have a circus , so be it . 
  apart from them being hardcore traditionalist , paranoid , eurosceptic , xenophobic and populist ? 
  they are also ignorant and incompetent . 
  their whole party is defined around loyalty to their leader . 
  loyalty first , loyalty second , loyalty third . 
  competence optional , sometimes unwelcome if it can threaten the leader . 
  psl wo n't help pis change the constitution . 
  they are corrupt greedy fucks , but they are not insane . 
  kukiz , on the other hand , is a tool . 
  let them have their fun . 
  kaczynski 's hubris and paranoia will destroy his government and his party . 
  he is free to surprise me , but i have watched him for years and i have little doubt . 
  haha , back to tracking corrupt politicians already ? 
  how is it that it is always the political enemies that are `` corrupt '' , i wonder !, 
  probably , yeah . 
  still , it is all centered on one man and i have little confidence in his priorities . 
  a lot of huffing-puffing , attention-craving and dignity drama . 
  the only good thing is they are virulently anti-russian , so we wo n't become a russian trojan horse , like orban . 
  yeah , the new muppets will ally with you alright . 
  eastern europe lives again , who would have thought . 
  it would be much more likely than pis doing anything . 
  they will probably also roll back existing rights and protections . 
  would n't be surprised by an in vitro or abortion bans , for example . 
  happened long ago . 
  po , for all its flaws , did a lot of decent stuff that people already forgot . 
  it is different when something happens here and now , though . 
  more like turkey !, 
  `` guys guys , check this out , erdogan said something crazy again ! '', 
  a lot of xenophobic , backward , politically incorrect and diplomatically awkward statements . 
  he has repeatedly insulted germany , for example . 
  he referred to refugees as disease carriers . 
  he will certainly throw a spanner into the eu works , standing alongside orban and the like . 
  oh , and donald tusk is his nemesis , so that might not help either . 
  we were talking about draft . 
  as in , you get a letter and you have to go for months or years to some military base . 
  being disappointed with po is one thing , having your life fragmented is another . 
  yeah , why not ? 
  he would n't be able to do shit with 5 % and might prevent pis from getting the majority . 
  with kukiz already in the sejm , korwin is an upgrade !, 
  my point exactly , it would piss all those who are not as keen on mandatory military service and they are the vast majority but i do n't think they are that stupid . 
  it would be a political suicide . 
  let the fool have his silly triumph . 
  after emotions calm , the real festivities will begin !, 
  hah , sld out of sejm is good news indeed !, 
  a pity it cost us 4 years of nutjobbery but oh well , at least it wo n't be boring . 
  also knew this was coming and i must say it helped me to bear it much better . 
   possibly military draft . 
  what the fuck ? 
  :d this would end their rule in massive protests and early elections .
