  yeah , it is the turkish perspective , good comment , though i was largely aware of the dynamics . 
  my point was that left-wing terrorists coming from rojava would cripple the significant support for rojava in the west . 
  even if we agreed the anarchists are horrible , this is stupidly short-sighted . 
  same sentiment was directed at arabs , when the syrian civil war started - `` oh , let the arabs kill each other '' . 
  well , you see , that 's not how it works . 
  some get killed , but many many more will get radicalized , trained and they will come back . 
  there is a lot of anti-left hate in poland . 
  it is one of those places where , like in usa , anything `` socialist '' can be perceived with horror . 
  which is hilarious , as poles actually like many `` socialist '' solutions and the current polish government follows policies very similar to the old communist ones . 
  they just pray a lot too . 
  that would be criminally stupid from the left-wing perspective . 
  and from the perspective of aiding rojava kurds . 
  nothing like some left-wing terrorism to discourage everything it believes in . 
  the main thing that binds v4 politically is the hardline anti-immigrant stance . 
  other than that , there interests tend to be much more divergent . 
  only some rich people go uncle scrooge . 
  mostly russians , saudis and trump . 
  it can , but you need to be smart about it , hire people with taste and listen to them . 
  trump obviously skipped that part . 
  yeah , well , western europe will not become as `` sane '' . 
  it is a cultural split and it will cause the east to remain either outside of mainstream eu or out of eu altogether . 
  forget it . 
  v4 will remain on the fringe as long as we pursue hardline anti-immigrant rethoric . 
  at worst , we will be expendable . 
  jettisoning east europe would be welcomed by many in the west . 
  no , although some of the dumber brexiter rethoric did make it sound as if uk would leave europe geographically . 
  usually , you can read about it in books , many years later, 
  it is not entirely fair towards gop - for all their countless flaws , they have always been staunchly pro-nato and pro-transatlantic western order . 
  people like trump are not at all representative in this regard , this rebuke from europe will resonate even among republicans . 
  for many of them , `` leading the free world '' is a very big deal , while trump feels best with people like duterte , putin and saudis . 
   merkel is not usually one for the grand gestures or bold speeches . 
  seriously , she is always so mild and ambiguous . 
  things must have went really bad for her to be so starkly decisive . 
  similar to gatling gun  gatling wrote that he created it to reduce the size of armies and so reduce the number of deaths by combat and disease , and to show how futile war is . 
  only oppenheimer finally managed to achieve such a state , lol, 
  we all knew that immigration thing was just a plan to have your own nazi jihad army . 
  funny how male partners of female heads of state usually do n't go to such `` first lady '' events . 
  perhaps showing your partner off is a bit demeaning or something . 
  well , they might have expected a photo of first ladies , so a guy could just not compute . 
  however , it does n't matter if it is incompetence , they are supposed to be some of the most professional people on earth . 
  if they make such basic mistakes , it is their problem when people assume the worst . 
  nah , you do n't really need your own tank divisions , do you . 
  better to pool resources with ze chermans or ze french . 
  nice to assume that , but they might not even be aware . 
  children can carry all kinds of fun stuff without being visibly sick yet/anymore . 
  additionally , kids are atrocious in terms of hygiene and you can control it only so much . 
  it is just a great environment for pathogens . 
  this does n't mean that much yet and it is not like corbyn is exactly great either , but you got ta admit things are a little less certain in camp foxhunt now . 
  no one expected much poll movement , that 's for sure . 
  even with vaccinations , kindergartens are cesspools of all kinds of disease . 
  hard to imagine without it . 
  italian laws back then required at least one ( 1 ) wagon of hay to be parked under every tower . 
  i climbed that church !, 
   the rest just wanted obamacare to go away and for their premiums to go back down . 
  remember to cackle when you meet them !, 
  no one stops you from reading breibart . 
  too late , it is big and known . 
  a thriving russia was a dangerous superpower . 
  a declined russia is an angry corner-badger , biting at some scraps . 
  i can not know the future , but so far russia has not demonstrated a state of being prosperous and peaceful at the same time . 
  until they culturally and mentally grow out of imperialism , i do not want them strong . 
  no , but they are still largely a pariah and they have n't been an actual terrorist threat for a long time . 
  i am leaning to the idea that it is better to cautiously intervene than do n't . 
  iraq was a mess , but in the end it was much smaller mess than syria and syria is n't even close to being done . 
  but yeah , there are no easy answers . 
  you can speculate all you want . 
  you are just as wrong in your single-target blame assignment as those who say it is all usa 's fault . 
   russia only intervened after isis were created and russia came in at the peak of isis 's power . 
  russia might have intervened directly later , but they were sending assad truckloads of supplies almost from day 1 . 
   none of the rebels were non crazy . 
  non crazy people do n't start an unwinnable war against their fellow countrymen . 
  i am wasting my time here . 
   they already spawned the syria war . 
  they armed isis and other extremist groups in syria . 
  the war in syria would have been over long ago if they ( and qatar/turkey ( had refrained from this . 
  oh please , syrian civil war was caused by a multitude of factors , both internal and external . 
  pinning it on solely or mainly on saudis is plain false . 
  arab spring . 
  us war in iraq . 
  russia propping up assad when he still faced relatively non-crazy rebels . 
  iran and hezbollah . 
  syria has been a clusterfuck torn by diverse interests , i strongly disagree that eliminating saudis from the equation would be some kind of magic cure . 
  yeah , that sure was cool when we let syria self-destruct . 
  creating power vacuum for the islamic state to fill in , explosion of terrorism , millions of refugees destabilizing europe , hundreds of thousands dead . . yeah , let 's have more of this , it does not concern us !, 
  sorry , did n't get it from your comment . 
  yeah , religion can be paralyzing . 
  ignorance is common , but saudis truly are the devil for so many people , the source of all terrorism etc. 
  and shit , i would love for the west to abandon those rich decadent fucks and gleefully watch it all collapse on itself . 
  but even before syria happened , it was obvious it can very easily get much , muuuch worse . 
  a civil war around mecca would throw the whole muslim world into turmoil , it could be truly apocalyptic . 
  yeah !, 
  the western elites are dominated by politically correct leftists who never say a word about this !, 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12035838/german-vice-chancellor-accuses-saudi-arabia-of-funding-islamic-extremism-in-the-west.html ), 
   i really hoped that he would mop the floor with this terrorist hellhole a good indication should have been the travel ban . 
  it only ever included poor , war-torn countries with little political or economic clout , ignoring rich and powerful muslim states , many of which actually did spawn dangerous terrorists who attacked america . 
  he is a blowhard who promised everything but has neither the will nor the skill to deliver those fantasies . 
  that 's not at all new , sadly most people on reddit who comment on saudis are terribly ignorant . 
  house of saud is , in many ways , hostage to islamic extremism just as well . 
  the west supports it because frankly , there are no viable alternatives and abandoning them would be terribly risky , up to spawning new major wars in the middle east , possibly making the whole country a true terrorist haven , similar to daesh and taliban state . 
  and they do cooperate with the west a lot , providing intelligence , fighting their own fight at home , even though they are fundamentally makers of their own problems .
