  because they aim to dismantle western institutions in order to better play us against each other . 
  their aims are directly harmful and thus they are an opponent . 
  not really . 
  pis is authoritarian and socially deeply conservative . 
  additionally , there is not much rhyme nor reason to their social policies , except for buying voters . 
  razem wants to apply left-wing policies in a reasonable manner . 
  you may not like it , but they are vastly different . 
  hey , sure . 
  i am a social democrat . 
  i simply oppose capitalist orthodoxy and hatred of all `` left-wing '' . 
  we seem to have slightly divergent definitions of `` left-wing '' and `` right-wing '' , which is understandable considering how very imprecise those terms are anyway . 
  for better mutual understanding , i can tell you i do not support those greece/venezuela-like handout left-wing policies . 
  i do want wealth redistribution but it has to be sane and affordable - the dumb version that pis is doing is hurting left-wing ideals just as well . 
  contrary to popular perception razem is not communists , they are social democrats . 
  they are seen as extremely leftist partially due to how much to the right polish politics have been centered . 
  i mean , we were ruled by right-wing parties since 1989 . 
  even sld was very pro free-market and chummy with the church . 
   commie redistribution such accusations are hilarious considering the actions of the ruling party and its tireless efforts to reconstruct people 's republic of poland . 
   who is our ? 
  polish . 
  i do n't care how energetically anti-leftist you are either . 
  our only actual left-wing party ( razem ) is surprisingly critical about this . 
  they are saying on their facebook that it is essentially a handout for an old aristocratic family , as the collection was supposedly effectively unsellable and it had to be shown to the public . 
  i am almost ashamed of having read 1984 , seeing how horribly our populists twist its message . 
  it is a clusterfuck , i do n't think simple grading gives it any justice . 
   flooding the market here would n't help much . 
  arguably , it would still evaporate a lot of drug money from the system and decrease the sphere of criminality . 
  they went only half-way , through , as the dutch posters nicely explained . 
  also , they naturally become a focus when they are an island of relative legalization in the ocean of prohibition . 
  as more countries legalize , the pressure from prohibition countries will lessen . 
  good luck with the big bear . 
  that 's the post i would have wanted to write !, 
  if i had the knowledge , that is . 
  eh , we can never root the shit out . 
  we will always build on the crap we inherited . 
  even bloody revolutions could never start with a clean slate . 
  even with a poor political class , there are politicians that are more responsible and less responsible . 
  by always voting and picking the lesser evil we can , eventually , improve the situation . 
  the system does have the capacity to auto-correct as long as the very institutions of democracy are not crippled . 
  yeah , that is why i am becoming less optimistic nowadays . 
  ca n't possibly blame you . 
  it looks really bleak , it does . 
  fortunately , just like there is no universal rule that things must get better , there is no universal rule that things must get worse . 
  the country can start un-fucking itself at any point and who knows , weirder things happened . 
  we are not doomed , people lived through much shitter times and emerged on the bright side again . 
  the sad thing is , we did n't have to do it to ourselves . 
  yeah , the tragedy is it is a self-fulfilling prophecy and a downward spiral - as a government fails harder , people cheat on it more and trust it less making it , in turn , fail even more . 
  unless some responsible politicians materialize , it can and will destroy a country . 
   oops , that 's already happened . 
  yeah . 
  it is a common left-wing argument that despite insane progress of the previous two decades we let areas of inequality and hopelessness rot , thus creating a large demographic that votes for liars who throw them scraps and promise them everything . 
  the argument further goes that some sensible left-wing policies would have minimized its size and would have prevent the current political clusterfuck from occurring in the first place . 
   so now i am being told that if i make more money , i should pay more taxes ... pay more taxes to a government that ca n't even manage them properly . 
  yeah , this sucks . 
  ca n't trust a bad government with money , but a government wo n't have a chance to do its job well when financially starved . 
  for the whole thing to work there needs to be some critical mass of basic trust between the rulers and the ruled , something that many argue has seriously eroded in poland and much of the west . 
  hah , po started , pis finished . 
  arguably , it was all a bad idea in the first place , but the manner of dismantling it sure pissed a lot of people . 
  that 's the specifics that i would expect a competent government to figure out . 
  it very likely depends on the condition of the economy , local culture etc. 
  and there is obviously a lot of work to do on the side of costs - high taxes are useless when wasted by fraud , terrible politics and bad governance . 
  any serious left-wing party needs to look at both sides of the equation . 
   so what does the left-wing propose to do about it ? 
  garnish my wages in the form of increased taxes to pay for these people 's existence ? 
  this is the major problem people have , yes . 
  but it is all a question of perspective - we are not individuals in a vacuum , we are all apart of our ecosystems . 
  by paying taxes we indirectly protect and invest in our wellbeing , just like we ourselves benefited from other people maintaining schools , roads , police etc. 
  to allow us to develop . 
  less inequality is better for everybody , as it makes it less likely that the more dispossessed people turn to crime and rob our houses or decide to vote some populist idiots into power . 
  the idea is that a successful person will be still more prosperous even with higher taxes . 
  obviously the specifics of the tax systems can be tuned so that it makes more sense . 
  and obviously excessive taxes can , in fact , be crippling if abuses and inefficiently transmitted into services . 
  see also current polish government , lol, 
  usually higher taxes and well-crafted social programmes . 
  define and locate those that are the most vulnerable and help them . 
  better schools , certainly , with a better regional distribution . 
  more reliable health services , so that many people wo n't fall sick in the first place . 
  i am definitely opposed to dumb money throwing like 500 + in our glorious motherland , though . 
  any initiatives need to be well-thought and better targeted . 
   if you apply yourself . 
  not everyone is able to apply themselves to the same extent , they can have circumstances in their life where their options are limited . 
  others do work very hard but are trapped in the shit-wage zone due to region , age , education . 
  it is wonderful when some people can catapult themselves to prosperity , but for every success story we are also leaving behind all those who could n't or who were simply unlucky . 
  they in turn fuel the dispossessed underclass , which generates crime , more of itself and a fertile ground for political extremism . 
   communism stifles that . 
  i am not arguing for communism , really , just against capitalist orthodoxy . 
  the optimistic notion that it gives everyone a chance . 
  that 's the thing - while the `` capitalist dream '' of catapulting the ambitious to great heights definitely works for some , the very same system can beat down countless others who were unlucky of being born in a wrong place , to a wrong family , having worse teachers or being battered by bad luck when developing/maturing/early adulthood . 
  that 's what left-wing aspires to account for and where so many orthodox capitalists fail . 
   i am a capitalist , through and through . 
  hah , you remind me of myself late 90s , early 00s . 
  `` communism has failed miserably , capitalism all the fucking way , baby '' problem is , human culture , economy and government are not binary nor are they some abstracted computer game mechanic , where you switch on a drop-down menu between `` capitalism '' and `` communism '' . 
  our systems are confusing mixes of solutions , rarely conforming to any one line of thought . 
  locking yourself to an idealized strict model of reality blinds us to a wide range of options , many of which can be in fact superior to what our orthodoxy dictates . 
  we end up like some americans or some leftists , who can reject an idea solely because it looks too `` communist '' or `` capitalist '' , respectively . 
  the whole false dichotomy is a horrible lie left over by the cold war . 
  capitalism and communism are not some binary poles of human economic thought with everything else being between them . 
  they are not even very helpful at directing our reality nor do they account for it more than very roughly . 
  they are just stronger distinct nodes in the chaotic soup of human culture which can aid us and help us orient ourselves in this mess , but which do not represent by themselves any kind of universal truth . 
  sooo people who , under capitalism , are in places below what their aspire to are simply lazy ?
