  international relations have countless different standards depending on the particular field , even among allies . 
  a bit different situation , though . 
  everyone is buddy-buddy with the us on copyright infringement , whistleblowing is something else . 
  his case would be highly politicized , scrutinized and he is not a priority for the usa anyway . 
  even the initial famous manning-sourced leak was nothing special despite assange claiming `` countless war crimes '' and manning herself was prosecuted . 
  that moment passed , really . 
  a year ago it looked like the far right had some chance , now it seems it expanded to its limits . 
  the current does n't , he was referencing some unnamed former one so who knows . 
  it should n't be applied like a cudgel , though . 
   remember that jew and christian books are fine with slavery , too . 
  rules for how to treat your slaves are * immediately * after ten commandments . 
  i discovered it many years ago and i am still laughing . 
  if daily mail and the sun are bastions of right wing sanity to you , then i am very very sorry . 
  at least use telegraph or something , ffs . 
  everyone did , we are allies . 
  but again , i just do n't see sweden doing it when assange was running around uk free for a year before he exhausted his legal route and fled to the embassy . 
  he is essentially imprisoning himself without a trial , it is basically psychiatric now and i am not saying this maliciously . 
  depends on what you mean `` pro-israel content '' . 
  i am still relatively sympathetic towards israel while having very strong opinions about its current government , for example . 
  that would be ideal , but both things are insanely more complicated and ambiguous than people think . 
  in case of syria , it would require a western military operation , for example . 
  after less than optimal situations like iraq , the west prefers to just take a lot of people instead . 
   killed this sub make a new one then or find a new one , for fucks sake . 
  i ca n't understand people clinging to places they supposedly hate , i have left many subs that i did n't find sensible . 
  it wo n't change with constant complaining . 
  directed by soros , do n't forget !, 
  he is not forced to live there , he is doing it to himself . 
  if he imagines sweden is that evil totalitarian state that will rendition him to cia - when uk , the closest ally of usa did not - then he needs mental health aid . 
  goddammit , you have opened my eyes . 
  sniping from the bushes is all that is left in those worthless immigrant clusterfucks . 
  i do n't mind people having different opinions but the utterly echo chamber nature of those threads , with dozens of dudes patting each other smugly on their backs for having been supposedly right about everything since 10 ad is disgusting . 
  you sure think you perfectly understand it all , do n't you . 
  logic !, 
  the actual polish military is controlled by the most anti-russian politician in existence . 
  he can make it give a shit , instead of giving out guns to amateurs . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that perhaps we should n't automatically take what terrorists say as truth just because it fits our fears . 
  hahahaha, 
  i like how the most outspoken about the evils of non-homogenous societies are eastern europeans . 
  one would think it would be the western ones who would be louder , if it is indeed such a horror . 
  i wonder if not being anywhere near the actual issues makes the perception different , hmm ? 
  they also said they will conquer half of the world . 
  so i prefer when relevant agencies check it instead of just accepting daesh propaganda . 
  the real thing in the ukrainian conflict was the contested regions actually having ethnic russian/russian speaking populace . 
  without it , it is everyone against the invaders and that 's just not fun for anyone . 
  that is why baltics are afraid and we are n't . 
   all major political parties are scared of russia would n't say any party is scared . 
  the ruling party hates russia , others are wary and distrustful , but no one is genuinely afraid . 
  that 's nice . 
  how about doing it using the actual military , though ? 
  calm down , you voted , you got it , i do n't care . 
  your establishment does n't seem like it is in a hurry , though , but that 's your problem . 
  eh , there is that , but you get all kinds of demographics . 
  bigotry is high also in the western europe and in usa nowadays . 
  it is a bit different , though . 
  brexit had a long-expected vote and even now they do n't feel like actually doing it . 
  no one will kick turkey out of nato without a serious deterioration and even erdogan would be truly mad to do it from his side . 
  i would n't care about what subs `` think '' , especially large ones, 
  believe what you want to believe . 
  the west might not like erdogan , but it does n't mean they prefer more chaos , instability and major destruction of democracy that a coup entails . 
  even erdogan still clings to its vestiges so he is preferable for the time being . 
   in addition , the turkish army is large and relatively modern . 
  we 'd rather have them on our side than on the russian 's side . 
  it is nice to have them harmless , but it is not like they would actually pose a threat either . 
  at worst they will just fuck more of their poor neighbors . 
  what media ? 
  do you mean internet commenters , perhaps ? 
   he did n't like the response he is getting from the west after coup . 
  the west was against the coup . 
  what it did n't like was erdogan arresting or firing thousands of judges and teachers and mumbling about death penalty . 
  even if they actually created an alliance , what are they going to do ? 
  bully some hopeless eurasian republic together ? 
  i do n't get it why no one there used google translate on their phone . 
  it has mandarin and it works like a science fiction translator device at times . 
  and no one had google translate on their phone ? 
  it has mandarin , ffs . 
  yeah , machine translation , but it can communicate simple ideas very well . 
  it even speaks what you translate , how can you not use it . 
  this is an outrage ... ooooh , that tasty bread again !, 
  the majority of police in the west is at least decent , even in usa . 
  it is all a question of that few percent who are bad or stupid and how spectacular their misdeeds or mistakes are . 
  do you envisage a scenario where a russian fleet militarily threatens france or italy and it does not get escalated to a whole nato involvement ? 
  do you think nato would allow russians to use conventional military force against western europe ? 
  if that 's the case , then nato does not actually exist anyway . 
  did n't know but that 's entirely unsurprising . 
  so , sweden is doomed , amrite ? 
  sure it is a lot of damage but it would require essentially threatening a world war . 
  for that , we already have enough nukes to destroy all life . 
  what more threat does a carrier bring ? 
  but is n't it mostly psychological ? 
  what can a russian fleet do in med to nato countries ? 
  and subs go as they please anyway . 
  sure sure, 
  i like insults , they make it easy for me to just not commit any further effort !, 
  have a nice productive and healthy life, 
   there is very little about any country 's military that is actually public knowledge . 
  positions , bases , strength , equipment during peace time are mostly easily accessible . 
  details , especially electronic , are not . 
  regardless , a structure like nato at least ought not be reliant on secrecy . 
  yes , geopolitics are a board game to many .
