  yes , would n't it be wonderful if we lived only among people who agree with us !, 
  indeed , the disconnect between the values of the western and eastern europe has been laid bare . 
  guess it was n't just communism that divided us !, 
  yes , would n't it be wonderful if people we disagree with just moved elsewhere !, 
  obviously . 
  swamp the drain, 
  everyone agrees europe has its limits , even people like me , who think europe should help refugees . 
  europe should strengthen its ties and cooperation exactly so it can better cope with outside crises like this one . 
  like the us a century ago we need to become a bit more imperial or be doomed to be at the mercy of the chaotic world . 
  exactly . 
  complaining about `` identity politics '' puzzles me , as a wide array of modern politics , left or right , are based on identity . 
  ... and a large chunk of trump supporters , president-elect of the united states . 
   and identity politics . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
   pretty sure people we 're certain about the demise of our civilization when women 's suffrage was the hot topic as well . 
  considering the severity of modern anti-feminism , many still are . 
  i did n't get that kind of perfect world vibe from the op . 
  all of this does n't matter if people genuinely believe their entire civilization is being overrun by violent barbarians . 
  when things get existential , a better economy seems irrelevant . 
  what is important to note is that a rigid cap would do more ill than good . 
  so say you reach it and then what ? 
  shoot people on the border ? 
  drop them into a volcano ? 
  what should be done - and is being done - is measures to limit the migration in the first place , by strengthening relevant eu institutions and the like . 
  i do n't want to live in your perfect world . 
  others lived there for centuries , were ethnically cleansed and poles got their houses . 
  hitler 's savagery does not make other evil right . 
  at the very least those people deserve to be remembered . 
  hahahaha, 
  it is the public perception that is wrong , not reality . 
  race is mostly bullshit . 
  i am not sure banning trump t-shirts would help . 
  it is also a pointless feel-good gesture . 
  islamic extremism is a problem , but banning burkas does not affect it in the least . 
  what message would that be ? 
  nobody here likes the burqa , problem is the op advocated deporting people for wearing it , which is crazy . 
  oh , hello , french person , you are typing this from the middle of a no go zone ? 
  have you been forcibly converted to islam yet ? 
  i forgive you , i also sometimes project internet wars onto people who might not necessarily be part of them . 
  please do not assume they get paid . 
  lots of people are horribly wrong entirely for free . 
  are you certain you are replying to my comments and not someone else 's ? 
  i reread my previous remarks in this sub-thread and i do n't see how did you get an impression that i am `` oppressed '' . 
  i was denying the sub is an `` alt-right cesspool '' and was musing on its composition . 
  i have no idea what do you want from me . 
  i used the term loosely . 
  what i see are clear spikes of anti-immigrant activity and a change of tone . 
  it is entirely possible that a group of users is only ever interested in such threads on this sub . 
  only if we deny muslim societies and muslim rulers their agency . 
  the west influenced them , sure , but they also have directed their own countries for decades or centuries . 
  they are not children . 
  additionally , western influence is only partially negative . 
  they certainly helped , but i disagree they are the main cause . 
  it is the societal cultural and economic pressures in islamic countries that are the main culprit . 
  good post . 
  i despise alt-right , but we must better understand our political opponents . 
  reducing them to nazis/leftists/whatever is counterproductive . 
   the alt-right is a different political spectrum , not a subset of the current one . 
  that 's why it is alt-right , not because its in between classical right and far right , but because modern notions of the right do n't serve them . 
  i disagree alt-right is a different spectrum , they are just a different mix of old ideas . 
  they can certainly seem different to people who simplify the political scene too much . 
  which is , sadly , most people . 
  i do n't think a sub is likely to comprehensively represent a group it claims to represent . 
  not saying a lot them are n't horrbile people , though . 
  only some threads get this `` grah grah immigrants are invading '' choir . 
  when you talk about the very same topics in less-crowded threads , the atmosphere is suddenly quite different . 
  which makes me think a lot of regulars do not share the extreme views of those brigades . 
  you are just as mistaken as the guy you are replying to . 
  r/europe hosts a multitude of groups . 
  the anti-immigrant crowd is simply very local and occasionally brigades threads like this one . 
  but calling this place `` an alt-right cesspool '' is a ridiculous hyperbole that helps no one . 
  while i hate the rampant islamophobia in this thread and other parts of reddit , i disagree you can blame islamic extremism on americans . 
  such trends arise naturally , due to a multitude of factors and they eventually wane naturally , due to a multitude of factors . 
  we all get the blame for our nation 's politicians/political decisions . 
  you can be a fanatical anti-war protester and you will still get blamed , by default , for any war your country starts . 
  ignore generalizations , as they are not about you , and explain your position whenever you are actually talking to foreign people about such controversial issues . 
  no way around it , i think . 
  colonies are far away . 
  brexit ruptures a very packed sub-continent . 
  whatever happens we are all worse off . 
   it 's frankly the same on every ~ ~ uk ~ ~ news site these days . 
  whenever i think reddit sucks , i visit a news site comment section , just to get some perspective . 
  yeah , you guys keep doing what you are doing on your side of the ocean . 
  i prefer a society with little to no guns . 
  if we are being nuanced , then the left has been both . 
  pro and anti eu sentiment transcends the left/right divisions , just like many other common ideas . 
  if that was true , romas would have taken possession of europe long ago . 
  we should keep women uneducated and unemployed , as dumb breeders , right ? 
  obviously , the right/left division is a terrible oversimplification . 
  but it is all we have , in public discourse . 
  hence my hesitation . 
  neither `` classic '' right , nor far right , but something in-between . 
  that is not what i said but have fun thinking otherwise . 
  more like `` alt-right '' , perhaps . 
  these nationalist movements are further to the right than mainstream right-wing , but not as far as to be neo-nazi . 
  we just have n't redefined the labelling yet . 
  because russian establishment 's long term strategy is weakening western alliances , like nato and eu . 
  if the french left lets lepen win due to inaction , they will deserve everything that comes to them . 
  yeah , if i used the phone more , i would totally just use a subscription . 
  it really depends on your usage .
