  the probability eu will clamp down on its eastern european problem is getting bigger , not smaller . 
  you sound like a kukiz voter . 
  [ liberal democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_democracy ) is much more than just winning the vote . 
  i am still furious they failed to put him before the tribunal due to poor mp attendance . 
  you had one job , motherfuckers . 
  after many cycles of this joke being intermittently funny and sad , i think it might be funny again now . 
  i disagree , but hey , opinions . 
  that might be an issue . 
  poland was not as xenophobic say , ten years ago , but pis has thoroughly won the propaganda war on that topic . 
  still , i welcome a direct confrontation on the eu-pis line . 
  poles should make their fucking minds which way they really want to go and if it is the way of being a marginalized shithole hinterland lost between power blocks , so be it . 
  that is exactly why they push their `` intermarum '' fantasy - they dream of creating their own power bloc or at least to convince people eu is not needed . 
  analogies are always imperfect , they match only some aspects of the two items . 
  there is also the question of what kind of people are taking power - less brutal people will be less brutal even with 100 % control . 
  i hate pis , but they are more like a small-town ruling clique than police-state fascists . 
  oh , i am sure they will escalate legal and political oppression , but i do not believe their endgame is as severe . 
  they might be cornered and act brutally , sure , but they are mostly content on just sitting there and slowly smothering everything , not stomping it to the ground . 
  i disagree . 
  it would be a reality check - most poles are pro-eu but do n't care about `` politics '' . 
  if faced with a real risk of eu sanctions , budget cuts or being marginalized , many would reevaluate . 
  the kind of hardcore base you describe is lost anyway , but the fight is about the in-betweeners , as usual . 
  they were n't given full power . 
  they got a slim simple majority . 
  but they have illegally taken over the constitutional court so they can vote in anything and no one can say it is wrong . 
  maybe courts ? 
  oh wait , they are just getting destroyed too . 
  yeah , like it does in russia . 
  having an agenda does n't automatically mean brainwashing . 
  they are not equal opposites . 
  a better way would be - and i think it will come , eventually - a clampdown by eu commission and western europe in general . 
  force the citizens of poland and hungary to * really * choose : illiberal democracy or eu . 
  most poles , at least , seem to think pis 's rule will not take us out of eu . 
  if they see they are mistaken , they might actually start voting like they mean it . 
  macierewicz is genuinely crazy though . 
  pis is definitely not as brutal as erdogan , but the trend is similar - dissolution of democratic institutions , slowly replacing it with centralized rule . 
  nah , these are just are sites of concerned activist citizens writing about the inconvenient truths . 
  most people do not take notes on the media they consume . 
  details fade , impression remains . 
  either way we will see during this month , wo n't we . 
  it used to be decent pre-crisis , imo . 
  nothing outstanding , but it just reported some less known stories from countries in question . 
  i guess they decided to take a stance , in the end . 
  sweden has [ already flooded poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_\\ ( history \\ ) ) so now the netherlands have the excuse to polder us the fuck out . 
  on the other hand , the anti-immigrant crowd often paints themselves as victims of brutal censorship here . 
  mods must be doing something right !, 
  also , it is sadly not just v4, 
  dear neighbor , you are now a honorary ocean . 
  i liked presidents , though . 
  but yeah , it became shitpost central recently . 
  heh , i was reading the comments and realized halfway through `` wait , that 's sweden and no one is proclaiming its doom ... oh , nvm '', 
  i * own * this hammock . 
  i am the * alpha * here . 
  funnily enough , the main polish-language sub is widely considered a `` leftist circlejerk '' . 
  either way , generalizing a nation is never good . 
  no , pis voters are a diverse bunch . 
  i mean the part of the society that is busy with their careers , benefiting from decent economy etc who think this is all that matters and all that `` politics '' stuff is some bullshit sideshow . 
  the relatively prosperous `` neutrals '' who do have the power to put an end to this authoritarian transformation , if only they pull heads out of their ignorant asses . 
  that 's shitting on those poles who think that nothing serious is happening and the politics do not really concern them . 
  fuck them . 
  calling criticism of polish government `` shitting on poland '' is nationalist rhetoric . 
  do n't want the drama , do n't pour the gasoline . 
  i have been `` shitting on poland '' in a billion comments , thank you very much . 
  like those who `` shit on america '' because they dislike trump or `` shit on turkey '' because they dislike erdogan . 
  screw your nationalist rhetoric . 
  screw you , there have been lots of us opposing this asshattery . 
  do n't be a dick to opposition poles , like people are to 48 % of brits and those millions of turks who disagree with their glorious sultan . 
  problem is , the majority of the population still does n't really care either way , fukken sheepoles . 
  `` who cares about some court somewhere '' - fuck you , you historically and politically illiterate nouveau-riche . 
  not sure about the young generation , i usually keep hearing they are more right-wing/conservative then their parents . 
  nothing is unbiased , but euronews is okay or at least used to be when i watched it . 
  sure , grandpa . 
  sss, 
  ( plans for converting old coal rail tracks into regional bicycle roads ), 
  nice troll , almost got me , my eyebrow twitched !, 
  this is not australia , those spiders would be fine . 
  such is their grim task . 
  eternal guardians of the fun quota . 
  dandolo did nothing wrong !, 
  everyone got compared to hitler . 
  from hating antifa to glorifying nazis , in two comments . 
  at least you were n't living in the us state of georgia when you heard about the russian invasion . 
  a joke/anecdote/myth :  a tv news camera crew had recorded an interview with a customer standing at the sporting goods counter of a montgomery wal-mart . 
  when asked why he was trying to buy more ammo he stated , `` by god , the russians may have invaded georgia , but they were never going to get alabama . '', 
  this is the hilarious part . 
  polish right-wing proponents of this intermarium project do n't even see their own imperialism :d they just assume poland would `` naturally '' be the driving force and the leader of this bloc , and those other countries would just `` naturally '' follow because they are smaller and are awed by superior polish culture or something . 
  that 's very nice , you can still go away with censorship , authoritarianism and one-party rule . 
  and there we go , that 's what he meant . 
  even in a meta sub-thread you get defensive . 
  also , threads about sweden . 
  some countries are just natural magnets for the toxic and useless migrant flamewar . 
  not a statistically accurate representation , that was not my point , but they combine aspects of their societies . 
  often people like to think of them as lizards , aliens or devils but they are not fundamentally different from you or your dickhead neighbor , they just have power . 
  are they now ? 
  putin , merkel , trump , may , juncker , macron , kaczy\u0144ski - they all have emotions and have showed them repeatedly . 
  even queen elizabeth ii has emotions , she is just terribly constrained . 
  ha , you wish . 
  politicians are not aliens , they are us . 
  they are a reflection of nations and cultures they serve . 
  denying them humanity is an act of self-delusion . 
  we are the jesus of western civilization , we alone stand firm in the face of heathen onslaught,
