  an important distinction , it is not just `` bias '' , this is an extension of russian foreign policy masquerading as `` just a news site '' . 
   ` blacks are in charge of town ' : popular bavarian ski resort begs authorities for help ze immigrants are destroying europe . 
   ` why do they bomb us ? ' 13yo aleppo girl , brother killed in latest rebel shelling ... during a massive russian air campaign against the rebel-held aleppo . 
   ` arrogant ' washington foreign policy thwarts common goals between us , russia - trump adviser trump adviser condemning arrogance . 
  well , he is still a prince , as in `` prince charming '' . 
  it is the princes that are supposed to be dashing , while kings are aging , wise and boring . 
  no need for ad hominem, 
  [ from `` crecy '' by warren ellis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wktejge.jpg ) it is important to add some quality academic discourse , yes . 
  silence or i slap you, 
  to clarify terms : `` hard brexit '' - curtailing movement of eu citizens , leaving the common market `` soft brexit '' - staying in common market and not hurting the free movement , while having little to say . 
  what brexiters wished for was to cherry-pick from the above - stay in common market , restrict movement . 
  i do n't know what this scenario is called . 
  true , he certainly did some good . 
  but even he said about himself that he is not about `` big reforms '' but that he prefers the politics of `` having hot water running in our taps '' . 
  he neglected the rising inequality , aberrations of the labor market , continued dysfunction of the health system , terrible childcare , as well as reprivatization issues . 
  he was too risk-averse and now we are ruled by people who capitalized on all of the above . 
  he also did n't fix stuff that needed fixing , when he ruled poland , indirectly contributing to the electoral victory of the current trump-esque crowd . 
  but i guess the eu presidency requires more direct action from the office holder , so he should fit better . 
  i am ambivalent about him , but it seems he remains rather similar to what kind of prime minister he was : uninspiring , conservative , with little actual vision but predictable , reliable and capable of blunt yet responsible commentary . 
  i never knew he was such a poet !, 
   the brutal truth is that brexit will be a loss for all of us . 
  there will be no cakes on the table for anyone . 
  there will only be salt and vinegar . 
  frankly , when you start with meta-comments that a sub sucks , you are very unlikely to have any meaningful exchange with anyone , no matter what is your particular stance, 
  not every country can , not every country does it to this extent and not every country who can and does , is so malicious about it . 
  which is hilarious , as their policies are ultimately pro-russian or pro-russian interests . 
  oh , that 's natural . 
  russia has a fun fun history with messing with its neighbors . 
  they were always cynical imperialists and they remain such today , even if their reach and options are severely limited . 
   i do n't want to depend on the usa for my own defense . 
  excellent , that is exactly what the euroarmy is for . 
  it is not exclusive with being in a defensive alliance with usa , unless you think they are great satan or something . 
  i dislike blaming us ( or the west ) for every and all ills . 
  while us ' war on drugs has had a horrible impact , the poverty and systemic inadequacies in mexico itself also constituted a large part in the rise of cartels . 
  multiple variables , hey . 
  the line is blurry , though . 
  uh , columns and op-eds have been with us for at least a century , most news outlets have been always open to differing views . 
  they have always `` baited clicks '' too , since when internet was just a twinkle in edison 's eye . 
  the `` problem '' is eu countries are not dictatorial like that and accept that some members can try different diplomatic approaches , as long as it does not turn them into proxies of wider russian sabotage . 
  relying on usa as a guarantee of safety is a mirage , though . 
  smarter eastern european politicians see western europe as a much more natural ally . 
  not that they are mutually exclusive anyway . 
  usa wants us to be closer to western europe , picking between the two is stupid . 
   i find it also strange how fast the uk went from `` friend '' to eu public enemy no . 
  except it did n't . 
  rather from `` friend '' to `` partner '' , and even this will likely get back to `` friend '' after uk sorts its status out . 
  no reason to only pick one . 
  also , are n't they fundamentally different things anyway ? 
   but the simple fact remains , that the whole existence of islamic terrorism today would 've been avoidable , if political realities would n't have led to immense economic exploitation and oppression of the peoples of the middle east . 
  `` every historical upheaval ever would have been avoided if large groups of people were n't oppressed '' . 
  well , yeah . 
  i hope you are not pointing your finger at the west , though . 
  i really do n't get people who insist we are not talking about islamic extremism . 
  we are , we have been talking about it for decades . 
  trump is known for criticizing obama and clinton that they , supposedly , do not want to say `` radical islamic terrorism '' . 
  obama presided over 8 years of drone programme bombing islamic extremists in multiple countries and clinton sat with him watching the raid on bin laden . 
  and yet , they supposedly are not tackling islamic terrorism ? 
  wtf those people want , nuke mecca ? 
  that 's nice . 
  agree an alternative with other inhabitants of bosnia and you can switch to a better model . 
  please remember that murdering them is frowned upon . 
  it was n't necessarily inconsistent . 
  breivik was , in my opinion , wrong in general , but history knows plenty of people using wrong methods to pursue an otherwise noble goal . 
  similar dynamic : i am for natural conservation but i am against eco-terrorism . 
  actually , it seems like it was all about pleasing some constituencies that are the ruling party 's stronghold . 
  it was n't even buying votes , it was just pork for voters who voted for them anyway , all at the minor cost of a huge tasty deal and international scandal . 
  yes , i am laughing a lot nowadays . 
  yeah , a clear declaration of soft-brexit would likely calm the markets big time . 
  sadly , it would also cause a political storm in uk . 
  scylla and charybdis , except they did n't even have to sail in there . 
  they have no good options really . 
  prolong it , and suffer . 
  hasten it , rollercoaster ride . 
   they will never be able to rule the country oh please , neither will assad . 
  and i am sorry but supporting a genocidal bastard who caused this mess in the first place would be terminally stupid . 
  `` secular strongman , first line of defense against terrorism , we should support him . '', 
  downovted your post for useless meta and also it is no longer accurate , 
  at this point the post has 237 votes , is on the front page and all the upvoted comments are positive . 
  so not everything is lost here , you just need to give people some time !, 
  also , mods probably went jihad on some donaldish comments and now they are gone . 
  they were prepared for a heavy gunfight , not for a sprint chase !, 
  makes sense . 
  also , tactical armor is awesome . 
  probably similar to trump - there is a lot of dislike towards mainstream political parties all over the west , but giving power to nationalist populists out of anger against `` establishment '' is just self-destructive . 
  yes , i agree , but generalizing too much only alienates people who are much closer to us than we might think . 
  there are anti-brexit and pro-eu forces in there . 
  they might yet prevail , though it looks very bleak at the moment . 
  i did not think that far ahead !, 
  even if they serve the full term it is perfectly possible for them to get bogged down in infighting and scandals . 
  that is why it is important to protest and keep up the heat . 
   they might cling to that power with less than legal means . 
  if that happens , it would be an entirely different deal and it would mobilize many , many more people to oppose them , including plenty of right-wingers . 
  ca n't say for sure , but i doubt it would be an easy thing to do for them . 
  also , weed !, 
  we can protest . 
  yes , it looks like doing nothing , but it unnerves them , makes them make more mistakes or throw some disparaging comments that just fan the flames . 
  and going out , seeing the crowds and the anger makes us feel we are not lone sane people in this shitshow . 
  we need to remember that 48 % of those who voted , voted to stay . 
  we must never criticize the british people as a whole . 
  1 ) the rest of eu would just shrug if hungary left .
