  i am generally on the `` pro-immigrant '' side ( well , i just do n't see them as an invasion army etc. 
  ) , but i find labels like `` fascist '' rather unhelpful . 
  even when people advocate ethnic cleansing - which happens ever day in these parts - it is more productive to either point out issues with such policies or just ignore them altogether . 
  as a sort-of-to-be-linguist , i have surrendered myself to the fact that humans constantly butcher words and meanings . 
  that it is why scientific discourse is often so detached from ordinary speech - they need to safeguard orderly definitions and meanings . 
  as a historian , you will be fulfilling a vital function indeed , 
  yeah , yeah , oppressive far-left conspiracy, 
  i am kind of lost in which direction your triple sarcasm is , ultimately , pointed . 
  colloquially , fascists = nazis , far-right etc. 
  i know what you mean , but that 's just how it works today . 
   known knowledge  the left misunderstands whatever , you obviously have everything sorted out . 
   and i did n't use a straw argument sir . 
  things like `` the left/right says this/that '' without referencing specific statement or replying to someone saying those things is kinda sorta straw-many . 
   these conditions apply to a wide variety of people , not just muslims of course , the point is muslims have all that * plus * a cancerous extremist ideology that thrives in such conditions . 
  nice straw man you got there !, 
  i am left-wing minded , what if i think differently than you said i think ? 
  damn !, 
   it seems easy to understand that islamic extremism is caused by islamic extremism but in reality the left find it very hard to understand , and prefers to blame society , poverty , and education . 
  or , how about it is a combination of multitude of factors ? 
  poverty , poor integration policies , societal issues , disenfranchisement synergize with isolationist behaviors and create fertile ground for islamic extremism ? 
  can we not have a simple political answer for incredibly complex issues please ? 
  yeah , the very title suggests some kind of bullshit dichotomy and a huge straw man . 
  but hey , that 's fucking telegraph . 
   bacuase you said so ? 
  yup . 
   i think you read too much polityka and newsweek i read and hear plenty of other sources , including actual unedited speeches by polish conservatives , thanks . 
  anyway , we would have to talk about some specific examples to have any kind of discussion . 
  general statements are general . 
  well , maybe next time . 
   if you consider the political side , well that 's a whole different issue . 
  that 's a big part of it here . 
  if the reproductive environment was saner in poland , it would be just a detail . 
  it is n't , so it matters more and any arguments against will be readily used by ideological opponents of contraception in general . 
  who says i expect the democracy to work as i want ? 
  ca n't help if a big part of the society is dumb . 
  yeah , most of polish conservatism is dumb , sorry . 
  there are many things that can bite into that time . 
  adding additional hoops without a very good reason is often a statement against the method itself . 
  this is exactly the case in poland , the government are hardcore traditionalist conservatives in most aspects . 
  i am very much pro-choice , but i agree contraception is preferable to abortion . 
  sexual education should promote safe , effective methods and abortion does n't even have to come into it even though i would prefer it did . 
  sadly , even contraception is an issue for many polish catholics so there we are . 
  i am talking about wider cultural conservatism , not just abortion . 
  and you are right , emigration is caused by many other reasons as well . 
  still , conservatism is a factor for many . 
   were do you live that you need a doctor appointment for emergencies ? 
  it 's perfectly safe if you take the pill within the next 24 hours and it 's still very efficient within 72 hours . 
  regardless , it is a race against time . 
  people can be asleep after sex , drunk for a while , they can be partying hard for a day , somewhere far away from home , whatever . 
   western europe is full of them . 
   then use condoms until you can buy the pill yourself or visit condom use culture is still spotty in many places , sadly . 
  i am all for sensible non-emergency contraception myself . 
  but until there is better coverage and education - and it definitely is not sufficient n poland - than easy availability of emergency measures is more important than their drawbacks . 
  a sad failure of post-communist polish education . 
  to me , it is depressing . 
  to others , it is a glorious victory of healthy values . 
  no wonder so many emigrate . 
  yeah , it must be hard for him to understand how can we treat women like children . 
  damn those weirdo swedes . 
   what 's so bad about requiring a prescription ? 
  * time . 
  getting a doctor appointment can take it , and the efficacy of those pills is in hours * privacy of minors . 
  an underage needs the approval of a legal guardian . 
  spoiler alert , many parents are utter assholes . 
  * shaming . 
  polish vagina doctors have a long history of telling women who come for contraception that they are whores . 
   people abuse the emergency pills and use them every monday after hooking up on weekends without thinking ahead . 
  ignoring the fact that it is totally not your business to tell other people how to regulate their bodies , * one * pill costs ~ 24-35 euro in poland ( 100-150 pln ) . 
  nobody pops it `` every monday '' and if they do , they can have a monthly abortion & spa in a swiss clinic anyway . 
  this . 
  people see it as an end of the world or some kind of a war . 
  europe has seen a lot , it will go on and this wave of violence will pass . 
  installing secular dictatorships is even dumber . 
  soviets tried that in afghanistan and the west tried it in iran . 
  rave reviews as well . 
  oh , a dumb straw-man , highly upvoted . 
  i did not expect this . 
  the more netanyahu remains in power , the more i see the conflict as a dispute of two dumbass desert tribes . 
  i am still sympathetic towards israel , but the balance has definitely shifted away from them . 
  rofl that 's straight up false . 
  you accuse me of a straw man - when i quoted you !, 
  - and then you straw man * me * ? 
  wtf , is this inception or something ? 
  i am actually for strictly regulating immigration . 
  sadly , it is hard to talk about it sensibly when the main debate is whether they are satan or not . 
  well , that is how you described them too - pure evil , man !, 
  seeing people as humans is `` being naive '' ? 
  jesus fucking christ , europe is lost . 
  yeah this place is a circlejerk of empty mockery and empty fantasies . 
  no wonder , when the article is a massive straw man itself . 
  you are being sarcastic , right ? 
  sorry for asking , internet spawns all kinds of people . 
  still doing an important job within our system , scumbag or no . 
  hahaha , merkel having no say , ahaha, 
  unprecedented safety is not too expensive, 
  neither is he insightful . 
  it is an old us gripe . 
  you think we have entered an era of eternal peace ? 
  safety is n't some default state . 
  without care , it will erode,
