  elementary school music lessons . 
  it is a popular uprising , huge demonstrations . 
  the effect does depend on the situation and the situation in south-eastern europe is much better than in the arab world . 
  should people shut up and be slaves to corrupt dictators forever ? 
  edit : meant arab dictators . 
  south-eastern europeans are not rule by dictators , just corrupt elites , mostly . 
  hence my `` if '' . 
  they are not that distant culturally and other post-soviet popular uprisings were usually rather peaceful , as long as russia did n't significantly interfere . 
  of course , but we will see . 
  the world is becoming less safe and this can often make unlikely bedfellows . 
  yeah , but they ca n't just easily send in `` tourists '' or weapons or whatever . 
  putin 's penis is extremely large but it is not long enough to serve as a sky bridge to belgrade . 
  well , the decision is not up to us anyway . 
  it is just a question for how long their populace wants to be exploited . 
  and if romania is any template , it should not get ugly . 
  obviously , any upheaval is risky . 
  but how long do they have to rot in a self-imposed cycle of corruption ? 
  they do not border russia either , so i would n't be that worried . 
  i must say , after some months in this sub i really know the german lyrics now , at least for the first stanza . 
  not really fault , it 's just that uk tended to be rather opposed to most integration measures while remaining a powerful , essentially veto-wielding member . 
  easier to do stuff now . 
  prolonged solitary confinement is torture . 
  certainly possible . 
  does n't seem like it was any kind of elaborate plan at all . 
  polish priests get sent all over the world because of how many there are . 
  like saudi preachers . 
  they taught me the polish version of ode to joy in elementary school . 
  got brainwashed and now i am a federalist . 
  well , there is argument whether such offensive cartoons are a positive influence or not . 
  perhaps they are needed to desensitize muslims and stop being kneejerky or perhaps they just needlessly piss people off . 
  but it is all debatable , either way things like charlie hebdo have their place . 
  i have exploded in outrage and denial . 
  oh wait , i did n't , perhaps because the left also hates isis , it just does n't want to oppress a whole religion because of a bunch of extremists . 
  maybe you should tell him to be less ridiculously offensive to everyone , then . 
  trump supporters wanted a world without `` political correctness '' but it goes both ways . 
  say ridiculous shit , face backlash everywhere . 
  ha , my sarcasm detector is usually pretty accurate , sorry . 
  part of why i jumped to such conclusion is that you do n't have this sub 's country flair . 
  now , flair is essentially meaningless but it usually ( though not always ) signifies some less regular participant of the sub . 
  and they tend to be more , ah , random . 
  internet makes everything worse . 
  who the hell cares about karma , wtf is wrong with you . 
  yup . 
  until we get a high-tech surveillance state , terrorism will be always with us . 
  and thank god , as it is the tool of the weak and who otherwise would wage war . 
  humanity will probably never get rid of terrorism , certainly not anytime soon . 
  it will be more or less severe and strains will vary . 
  but otherwise , have fun . 
  because that does n't mean someone is an extremist muslim ? 
  it is possible they are just heavily disturbed muslim person , with no actual ideology of extremism . 
  investigators will dig into their details and history and ascertain that . 
  that does n't make someone an extremist by default . 
  some of the `` extremist attacks '' are more akin to spree attacks in the us , where someone is mentally unstable and/or under huge stress and they snap . 
  the line is blurry , yes . 
  but no-go zones, 
   the origins of modern istishhadi attacks lie among the shia in iran during the iran -- iraq war of 1980 -- 1988 . 
  mohammed hossein fahmideh , a 13-year-old boy who fought in the war , is said to be the first muslim to have participated in such an attack in contemporary history . 
  he strapped rocket-propelled grenades to his chest and blew himself up under an iraqi tank in november 1980 . 
  ayatollah khomeini declared fahmideh a national hero and inspiration for further volunteers for martyrdom . 
  [ 42 ] [ 43 ] other iranian basij volunteers ran through minefields to detonate buried landmines and clear a safe battlefield path for following soldiers . 
  they do . 
  just not at the moment and there are less of them . 
   but people do n't hate muslims . 
  in all the anti-immigrant shitstorms i have witnessed in the internet , plenty went into lengthy arguments how fundamentally harmful islam is , quoting quran , bashing muhammad etc. 
  while they are only some muslim groups that are problematic , way too many people focus on the whole religion . 
  does look like that . 
  probably not a prepared terrorist , just some desperate severely confused fellow . 
  i suppose the investigation will clarify that . 
  yeah , enough with the excitement . 
  give me boring technocrats , pleeease . 
  well , it does n't have to make sense . 
  what matters is why people vote , even if they do it irrationally . 
  just like with trump being one big lie , afd probably also attracted some of the people who feel left behind . 
  it does n't matter if it is run by aristocrats or whatever . 
  no , i was stereotyping italians . 
   thing is ... we were a stable country in 2016 . 
  somewhat at least . 
  same with poland . 
  eastern europe really wants to make itself shit again . 
  god , italy is such a tourist trap !, 
  how can you ever have problems with your economy !, 
  so , 9 hours, 
  drain the swamp !, 
   `` fake news '' is a propaganda term used to silence political opposition . 
  check out the social media sometimes . 
  a lot of what is shared there is either manipulative or outright fake . 
  in the past ee needed soviet supremacy to keep it shit . 
  now we do it all by ourselves . 
  already switched popcorn for coffee . 
  thanks !, 
  thank god for microwaves . 
   nobleman outfits one of the most striking things about [ muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhte%c5%9fem_y%c3%bczy%c4%b1l ) ( wspania\u0142e stulecie ) is that their outfits look sooo familiar to a polish viewer . 
  actually a reason to watch small parts of it , the clothes are glorious . 
  sadly , it is still a dumbass soap opera . 
  soviet space , still space, 
  nice , thanks !, 
  hey look , the ground beneath is flat , so earth is flat . 
  fuck climate change denialism . 
  the debate has n't even really started in poland . 
  yeah , it 's shit .
