  europe will not be strongarmed out of relevance being a large united organism does n't mean it will have to be belligerent . 
  there would be an added layer of economic and political safety that would very much foster all the things you enumerate - trade , technology , diplomacy . 
  as it stands , powers like usa , russia or china can and do play us against one another in these fields . 
   maybe you have the impression a counselling is always pressure for the one or the other option . 
  that is certainly not the case . 
  i have no doubt that many , if not most , people who would be doing counseling would be empathetic professionals . 
  still , some will inevitably be assholes and would be posed to do great emotional harm . 
  thus , i would prefer for the counseling to be offered , certainly encouraged , but not mandatory . 
   however , i think someone has to speak for the unborn child somewhere in the process . 
  otherwise it remains unheard , and i do not want that . 
  certainly , but i do n't think it is omitted either way . 
  human culture is inundated with messages about family and children . 
  the whole fact of pregnancy brings the prospect of a child prominently to the mind of everyone concerned . 
  how we consider the feotuses is an important philosophical question which can and should be argued , but i am not certain if mandatory counseling is the place for it . 
  i would argue pregnancy is a major health-affecting state and thus abortions are very much about health preservation , heartless though it sounds . 
  bearing a child is , after all , a huge sacrifice that a woman 's body focuses on almost exclusively and it is a calculation that is always being made , consciously or not . 
  of course the preferable way about it would be a proper protection , but it is still crippled by bad habits , culture and instincts . 
  i am all for sweeping sexual education myself . 
  regarding the cost , the issue here is that it becomes a class problem . 
  richer folks will get their abortions regardless of the cost/trouble and how irresponsible their sexual behavior was , while the poorest and the worst educated will be either forced to found potentially dysfunctional families or seek help underground . 
  even if we disagree with abortion itself , hampering access to it harms the society in general . 
  healthcare is not just about curing diseases . 
  healthcare also fixes people after car accidents they themselves caused , poisons they willingly ingested , cancer caused by cigarettes . 
  pregnancy majorly affects a person 's health , so healthcare helps those people , either to carry the pregnancy to a happy healthy conclusion or to termination . 
  why should we interfere which path is taken ? 
  i would argue that exactly the consideration of said options creates mental distress . 
  for example , the prospect of founding a family while being destitute and with the father being terrible or already thoroughly absent . 
  or carrying the child to the full term , having their body almost completely transformed just for that child to be sent away . 
  thing is , for some women none of the options are good . 
  they can just as strongly believe about life of the unborn child too and yet they have to make a choice . 
  like , what options ? 
  founding a family and giving the child away for adoption ? 
  they are aware of these options . 
  when we do have a common public healthcare , its aim is to assist the populace to be healthier . 
  reproductive issues and planning are biologically the most critical health-affecting issue of human beings . 
  therefore , healthcare system has to assist them . 
  to do otherwise would indicate a major bias against a procedure crucial to millions . 
  `` hearing about alternatives '' should be included in the general sexual education and not forced in a crisis moment , when plenty of women feel utterly scared and lost . 
  for plenty of women , it is the most terrible decision they have to make in their lives . 
  but forced counseling would only make it worse for many of them . 
  counseling and support should be clearly offered , but the moment it is forced it can easily become an intrusion and judgement . 
  ah , cold war , usa did so much crap back then , i am really glad they suck much less now . 
  no wonder greeks have bad memories - a lot of fondness for the us in poland also comes from the cold war . 
  it is a sad opera of mistrust and recrimination . 
  wish you luck and the rest of europe too . 
  ca n't blame them for the last one . 
  some kind of greek dish , i always thought . 
  i am more surprised with the poll saying greece majorly dislike usa . 
  what do you think about it ? 
  if so , then why ? 
  it just shows how the place and its history are bigger than the greeks or the turks . 
  even the norse name for it was `` big fucking city '' ( translation mine ) . 
  well , whatever , not saying this sub is a shining pillar of flawlessness either . 
  but it is still far superior to news/worldnews , thank you very much . 
  yes , we need to send 200,000 clickbait posters there asap !, 
  ca n't have some unspoiled internetspace somewhere , can we, 
  sunni islam is very decentralized and i hear eastern orthodoxy is hardly monolithic either . 
  a temple is an embassy for people who consider their religion a feature that overrides their citizenship . 
  so unless we live in a theocracy , a lay government should not treat temples as such . 
  then a mosque should be the least of your worries !, 
  i do sympathize , though , polish politicians also have a long history of sucking up to clergy , sometimes even before the clergy itself makes any demands . 
  fun fact along these lines , for a long time i thought `` istanbul '' is some dirty `` moosleem '' word , but it actually comes from greek just as well . 
  a temple is not an embassy , last time i checked . 
  unless you live in a theocracy and neither turkey nor romania are ones . 
  haha , no historical hiccup there , nope . 
  why not just retake byzantium or something ? 
  are we bargaining with islam itself ? 
  is mosque an embassy ? 
  is a church ? 
  jokes and internet , eh . 
  one person 's `` obvious '' joke is another person 's genuine idiocy . 
   blah blah blah went to shit blah blah blah omg more than three people why even go to a public site ? 
  why not sit in a private forum full of enlightened non-shit-posters like you ? 
  you had years to find/create one . 
  er , he really did n't . 
  he did not help much either , but that 's a different story . 
  i have been following greece on this subreddit and elsewhere and i disagree . 
  this is certainly no fanclub of his , but not some internet hatehole either , much less hateful than most other subreddits either . 
  i would worry more about the influx from the outside , really , and that is why such a high-profile thing should be probably conducted by iama, 
  and yet you are here . 
  probably to teach us . 
  thank you . 
  i am not sure we can learn that much by now , he was quite outspoken for a long while . 
  unless someone throws a really good question or two , but that 's not assured . 
  i do n't read him as traumatized , really . 
  let us not be defeatist . 
  it would certainly be a huge moderating effort but there are ways to make it less messy . 
  / r/europe mods probably would have to get some serious support reinforcements for this , though . 
  this is a complex issue and i do not think it is such a binary choice . 
  i do not want europe to be a scary empire or an enemy of russia . 
  diplomacy and trade are more effective when there is a common platform and a bigger negotiating leverage . 
  issues like military , immigration , energy , some international relations , trade relations can be greatly benefited by a more united europe . 
  powerful outside actors easily play us against each other in many of these fields . 
  because it still sucks a lot , despite decades of improvement . 
  at least most of it managed to stay the fuck away from russia recently . 
  no one says it will happen anytime soon . 
  certainly not , in my opinion . 
  but in the long term europe will be either a superstate or a curious backwater museum . 
  did n't tsipras get elected on the promise `` fuck austerity , stay in eurozone '' already ? 
  seems like he keeps trying reconcile the same populism he came to power with .
