  so now whenever some pole tries to say we are `` central '' europe i laugh merrily . 
  well , there is all that , sure , but in terms of guns we are more restrictive than the most hipster bubble in san francisco . 
  ironically , the current nutjob right-wing government is rather authoritarian , they do not really want the citizens to have guns . 
  a broken clock is right twice a day , i guess . 
  we were talking about what strategy poland took so that it does n't have much immigration , not about who to blame . 
  some say low immigration has something to do with strong anti-immigrant stances by ruling polish politicians . 
  i say it is bullshit , as they would not be able to seriously stop it , if we were a prime target . 
  well , if brexit is realllly hard , perhaps something can be done about it !, 
  and any non-white briton , remember . 
  2nd and 3rd generation immigrants are a source of sex crime and terrorism just as well . 
  more like disappointed that people go for such old lies . 
  the problem with far-right is n't even that they are morally wrong ( though they are ) but that they have no actual solutions . 
  unless we just murder everyone `` incompatible '' , that is . 
  the fellow i replied to wrote :  let 's not be cute , there 's going to be a-killing , we all know it . 
  maybe he just meant vigilante murders , sure . 
  that 's also possible and also an utter failure . 
  your world seems to be simpler than mine . 
  mine has many more options than just `` murder '' and `` appeasement '' . 
  but hey . 
  no , however even those millions of muslim immigrants with alll their issues are just a small blip for the west , its culture , its power and its wealth . 
  also , poland is not `` safe '' because it made some smart migration decisions , unless we agree that smart strategy is being much poorer . 
   texas in europe that would be finland , if anything . 
  another thing a lot of angry folks forget is that islam was not a source of terrorism for a loooong time , it is a relatively recent development , maybe since the nineties or so . 
  as muslim radicals continue their festival of barbarism and as new generations are born and see it as less `` cool '' , it will eventually fall out of favor among their communities and die down . 
  certainly , as isis gets gradually defeated it will likely hasten the waning support for their kind of extremism . 
  hilarious how the person you replied to has a vulgar edgy nickname . 
  i almost universally ignore nicknames , really , but sometimes they do confirm a preconception . 
  oh please , do n't be melodramatic , it never started either . 
  all kinds of shit was happening in practically every previous decade . 
  and i will still take terrorism over regular wars . 
  we did n't start the fire , it was always burning . 
  please , do n't paint a whole sub with one brush . 
  only part of it is fucking stupid . 
  no way , man , we are totally living in the end times , fighting the ultimate war of civilizations . 
  terror , separatism , violence never happened before , we * have * to revert to tribal fascism or we will all speak arabic in 10 years . 
  please , poland is `` safe '' against immigrant problems because it is relatively shit compared with western europe . 
  even though the west is 100 % caliphate right now , fucking * millions * of poles go there to work and live . 
  i 'd rather we made the same `` errors '' and be uk or france . 
  you are in luck , as uk is leaving eu , it will be able to reinstate the death penalty !, 
  uk had full control over importing hundreds of thousands pakistanis and it is mostly pakistanis who tend to create those sex gangs . 
  you can blame merkel all day long . 
  right , let 's have some ethnic cleansing !, 
  let 's become racist inhuman barbarians because we fear racist inhuman barbarians !, 
  more like nobody cares about people in care homes or council housing . 
  jimmy savile was not muslim and yet he abused young vulnerable people for decades . 
  do we assume police and councils are some kind of far-left fanatics who will protect muslim suspects no matter what ? 
  are the white working-class communities where the abuses took place bastions of feminism ? 
  i kinda doubt that . 
  it is still an extremely small section of their respective minorities . 
  the vast majority of any ethnicity does not hurt anybody . 
  i mean , these are pretty vile fellows and police should work harder to prevent and track down such horrors ( and not get defunded , perhaps ? 
  kk , may ) but painting a whole ethnicity through the action of a few degenerates is fucking stupid . 
  nah , just dumb strawman bait . 
  this is still faaar cry from `` zomg sweden is caliphut soon '' . 
  unlike some , i disagree a muslim-background minority is the most horrible thing ever . 
  i do n't want to debate this anyway . 
  fuck this topic , live with whatever image you prefer , i stopped caring about it ten thousand immigrant threads ago . 
  and in 2100 the whole world . 
  demographics are not linear . 
  yes , inevitably . 
  sweden being taken over by radical moose lambs is a far-right fantasy . 
  but but i was led to an impression that reddit knows all about islam and islamic cultures !, 
  a lot of them are n't joking , just check any thread on r/europe that mentions sweden . 
  sad thing is , when , inevitably , in 10-20 years sweden still exists and is not muslim , none of those silly idiots will own up to it or learn anything . 
  honeymoon effect , really . 
  many people give a new leader a chance . 
  he probably thinks ( i totally assume it is a he ) being openly flamboyantly gay is `` virtue signaling '' . 
  shit , i recently talked with some guy who was saying pretending to be transgender is trendy and that it is some widespread issue . 
  i know man . 
  we got a horrible government too . 
  okay , i am sure it happens , i just had an issue with it `` happening a lot '' . 
  i think at that point it is about the idea , not actual ownership . 
  arson by firemen ? 
  would have been news over the years , must have missed it . 
  they do n't want to just cause fear , they want to conquer the world or whatever . 
  however , fear drives the west to be harsher towards muslims , which in turn helps their recruitment . 
  because the vast majority of muslims does n't actually like , support or join isis and isis wants to change that . 
  right , this is a high quality sub with no shitposting !, 
  `` i am 100 % for gays but they got ta stay home and be decently covered ! '', 
  but he is , astonishingly so . 
  whenever i hear him speak i have to remind myself he is an actual potus . 
  it is so unreal . 
  some of your compatriots sure like to visit here !, 
  what can you do . 
  yeah , and the colleges are liberal since yesterday . 
  please . 
  they must be doing a terrible job , then , as trump won among the white college-educated demographic . 
  i do . 
  but let 's ignore it , let 's say he is n't . 
  who is his counterpart in terms of strength of views and power ? 
  we are not talking about `` leaning '' , we are talking about extremism . 
  i do n't see a trump equivalent that has a similar severity of extremist views combined with even remotely similar power . 
  while i greatly dislike left-wing extremists , wake me up when antifa has a supporter in the white house . 
  yeah , too far fetched . 
  i have no idea who the hell did it anyway , some extremely confused fringe . 
  i did watch a large part of the first season of muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l myself . 
  sadly , a soap opera is , ultimately , just a mix of stupid characters saying random things , no matter how well dressed and in what fabulous surroundings . 
  nobody forces you to hug her . 
  what why i do n't, 
  i know he did , i just do n't like the result much .
