  of course they are different [ but perhaps not as much as you might prefer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege ) . 
  they are quite capable of generating extremists just as well . 
  funny thing , chechens are mostly muslim . 
  according to modern polish thinking , muslims can not integrate . 
  your compatriots are a wonderful proof to the contrary . 
  that 's part of my point . 
  poles should not congratulate themselves that they are getting ukrainian immigration and not those nasty arabs , because we might just as well be screwing ourselves in the long term . 
  not that i am against the influx of ukrainians . 
  but if it continues , we should n't be complacent just because they are n't brown and do n't say `` allah '' . 
  we should continue to mend our historical differences and ensure they integrate well . 
  not only so that we are decent human beings , but out of pragmatic long-term thinking . 
  well , the ukrainians will be refugees/immigrants . 
  they probably wo n't be a problem , but they can very much be and there are ingredients in place . 
   and , considering we 're taking the people from eastern ukraine not really . 
  plenty of ukrainians from all over the place are in poland . 
  eastern ukrainians are more likely to just go to russia , others come to poland due to permanently terrible economy . 
   also , islamic terrorism is much older than 30 years . 
  it was not the kind we know now under isis and al qaeda . 
  there were other conflicts , like palestinian-israeli conflict or french-algerian . 
  it was n't `` islamic '' terrorism any more than ira or eta was `` christian '' terrorism . 
  religion was not the main focus of these , even if it existed as part of their symbolism . 
   and in 20 years , will there be a rise in second-gen ukrainian immigrants causing terrorist acts how can you be certain there wo n't be ? 
  muslims were n't a problem 30 years ago either and everyone was happy for the cheap labor . 
  cultural compatibility ? 
  irish were quite compatible with the english , basques quite compatible with the spanish and far-left germans and italians were compatible with other germans and italians . 
  ukraine is deeply troubled and unstable . 
  it can become something not unlike syria , if we are unlucky , and poland might be forced to take some action as well . 
  it is possible we will have some serious pressure that will antagonize young second-gen ukrainians in 20-30 years and yes , we might end up with ukrainian terrorism or at the very least a huge stream of refugees . 
  of course , it is a speculation and ukrainians will be probably fine . 
  but do not think ukrainians are fundamentally harmless in the long term . 
  compatible cultures are just as capable of violence and terrorism . 
  so , because palestinians are nasty it is acceptable to endlessly expand settlements and squeeze them out ? 
  how does it make israelis better , then ? 
  does your definition of `` fighting anti-semitism '' include slowly taking more land ? 
  they might have not known everything when they were agreeing , though . 
  like , about waterboarding n ' stuff . 
  i doubt americans had described everything in detail up front . 
  not that the host nations do not share part of the responsibility regardless . 
  but i can understand if they assumed some amount of goodwill on the part of americans . 
  because humans can not lose human rights . 
  germans are mostly long past this . 
  but it does n't change the historical injustice . 
  and i think it was deeply unjust , even in the context of second world war . 
  i am sure there were plans to majorly profit from the operation , but i am certain gwb honestly believed he would succeed in terms of making the country quickly better . 
  sure , but maybe not as aware about how nasty and pointless they were . 
  `` help us transfer extremely dangerous terrorists '' was probably a reasonable request back then . 
  well , not anymore , heh heh, 
  i was younger then , i assumed the richest country in the world automatically has the best brains working on everything . 
  ha ha . 
  god help america if trump gets elected . 
  some lessons are too harsh . 
  of course , from israel 's perspective it might seem like a decent strategy . 
  but i do n't see why western countries should condone it if they value human rights . 
  especially when it creates an incentive for the more scheming parts of israeli establishment to keep palestinians pissed juuust enough to continue settlement and remain too emotional to have a peace process but not enough for them to really explode . 
  it 's a bit like cooking , except it is a whole ethnic entity that is being cooked . 
  actually , usa does support rebels who fight assad , even though some of them are a bit on the allah side . 
  isis fights for some global jihadist dream and free slaves , so they get bombed instead . 
  additionally , i do not argue supporting hamas . 
  i just think palestinians retain their rights even when they are ruled by crazies . 
  i actually thought long ago `` gwb is kinda dumb but surely he has all the expensive american experts who know what they are doing and they will sort it out ? '' . 
  yeah , well . 
  i used the word ` incompetent ' loosely . 
  they are not suited to lead a positive change and actually hurt the long term prospects of their people . 
  but we can not ignore how the current israeli leadership uses it to squeeze more land . 
  because i believe it is against western values of human rights to slowly and methodically push people out of their homeland . 
  even if those people keep making bad decisions and choosing terrible leaders . 
  the hideous methods they utilize does not automatically invalidate the rights of the palestinians and should not make us side with israel in everything because they are terrorists . 
  not saying palestinians are n't seriously messed up , but it is too often used by israeli hawks to validate their encroachment policy . 
  and they are not above making sure the palestinian leadership remains incompetent for that very reason . 
  lost in translation between the irish and american languages . 
  i suppose you would just have to roll with it !, 
  allow me to not be surprised with palestinians seeing netanyahu as untrustworthy . 
  previous deals were denied and it was usually the fault of palestinians . 
  but it does n't give israel carte blanche to slowly grind palestinians out of their homeland . 
  can we please do not use `` terror '' as this spacious bag where we can toss everyone we do not like ? 
  hamas is a pack of deluded idiots who are obviously not qualified to run a village of demented badgers , let a lone a city-state . 
  but they are essentially a palestinian force whose main focus is the conflict with israel , not some global jihad , and thus need to be seen through the prism of said conflict . 
  there is a sea of difference between them and , say , isis . 
  and no , saying `` allah '' a lot and being brown is not enough . 
  people support all kinds of atrocities in a mortal conflict . 
  it happens in , like , every serious war . 
  does n't make them not entitled to their own land and self-rule . 
  the ` nation/not-a-nation ' thing is irrelevant anyway . 
  groups of people should not be pushed out of their land just because their leaders are idiots . 
  arafat was an idiot , but it does n't validate a slow methodical uprooting of a whole ethnic group . 
  two wrongs etc. 
  it was all in the very same bill as the palestine thing !, 
  while hamas is a sack of self-destructive genocidal muppets and palestinian authority is a hopeless clique of old men , i believe the current israeli policy of slow crawling colonization within a perpetual occupation should be somehow countered . 
  `` wait , why are we helping the irish occupy london ? '', 
  this was shameful and many countries did that because no one thought americans would be that stupid . 
  but even they know better now . 
  not the us congress , though , but hey most americans hate them too . 
  ( prokurator = prosecuter in english ) but seriously , i have no idea why they are putting him at the forefront of this `` good change '' . 
  they got ta be trolling . 
  no , i but i am sure intelligent people would vote the same . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  of course . 
  intelligent people obviously vote like you . 
  beijing of the north . 
  rofl , so much no , but hilarious nonetheless,
