  problem is , we will be physically running out of things a human can do better or cheaper than a machine . 
   i do wonder how basic income will work . 
  well will simply `` tax '' robot use for companies and out of that tax just pay humans some money ? 
  kind of a. ... well you have to push it heavily through as it would be quite a tax to pull off . 
  getting free money from companies for people who do n't have anything to do with those companies . 
  we might not have another choice . 
  ballooning unemployment can cause critical political instability , if untended . 
  war is much more than production , though , but yeah , unless russia makes a crippling first strike using nukes or something , woken germany alone would not be a pushover . 
  i think it all would be much more muddled in such a situation . 
  and leave voters are not single-issue automatons , not all of them would switch allegiance to ukip even if the voted for brexit . 
  i find it still hilarious/depressing that there does n't seem to be much of an actual plan . 
  at this point it seems the british elite thinks they will just improvise through it . 
   americans ' knowledge of the eu is like a watered-down version of the british public 's knowledge of the eu . 
  to be honest , other eu citizens often know almost nothing about eu , just as well . 
  member countries rarely teach about it and politicians mostly use eu as a scapegoat in domestic discourse . 
  it is not on the horizon , it is simply possible if we elect some more anti-europe leaders like lepen . 
  without actual political desire to dismantle it , eu 's existence is still vastly preferable to alternatives . 
  oh please , turning away from brexit would not catapult ukip to power in fptp . 
  it would be a storm , sure , but then again such u-turn is also extremely unlikely when both main parties are for it . 
  if anything , it would be labour government , seeing as ukip and tories would murder each other . 
  nope , while europe is under-armed , it is far from incapable . 
  even without usa russia would have to sacrifice everything to start shit . 
  alliance , yo . 
  and its not like americans can change their mind and annex podkarpacie . 
  that is not what i meant but whatever , i do n't care about other people 's insecurity . 
  point is , it would not make sense for a newly-liberated uk to let russia militarily destabilize continental europe . 
  certainly not if you still want to rely on things like trade and financial sector . 
  `` ze leftists will try to silence ze truth because they want us all to become muslims ! '', 
  yeah , but she could probably let them sort their mess on their own , in calmer times . 
  a bit like how some us supreme court liberal justices now have to live/work for four years despite some of them being past 80 . 
  you mean like in libya , where sarkozy dropped from high orbit ? 
  even a brexited uk would be very unlikely to stand on the sidelines . 
  they are not that stupid . 
  mostly ethnically cleansed , though . 
  i suspect she wishes she unlearned it now . 
  was n't she reluctant about going for another therm , but then trump happened ? 
  part of making a drama of it, 
  that does n't make it at all sensible to generalize its adherents . 
   gon na get downvoted but fuck it . 
  please stop saying things like that . 
  it weakens any argument you might have . 
  if you have something that you think will be controversial , you do n't have to pre-victimize yourself . 
   others try to white wash the crimes of the nazis the idea that the use of `` polish death camps '' is an attempt to rewrite history is essentially a conspiracy theory . 
  this is exactly why the whole outrage originated in the more paranoid parts of the polish media and clinged to the notion that somehow germans - or the west as a whole - want to blame holocaust on the poles . 
  completely ridiculous . 
   some people do n't know the history people who do n't know basic history are terribly ignorant and probably also think jews rule the world or that obama is a muslim . 
  exactly , `` without the context '' . 
  but there is a context , it is a huge body of western culture and history . 
  people also say `` 9/11 new york attacks '' , does it mean new york attacked someone ? 
  attacked itself ? 
  new yorkers did it ? 
  without context , you can misread or misrepresent half the information available to humankind . 
  only in the world of simple binary labels, 
  these jokes are boring and stupid anyway . 
  it is certainly awkward , sure , but it does not automatically mean `` death camps run by poles '' , does it ? 
  i know , that is why i generally hate meta posts . 
  but migrant threads tend to blow up in size and votes , yet apparently this one was found to be profoundly uninteresting . 
  you are too vague , sorry . 
  i do too , but i am not worthy of sithrak the blind gibberer 's merciless glory . 
  additionally , i will get tortured just as much as anyone else . 
  this is the kind of history that easily goes under the radar . 
  those humans generate so . 
  much . 
  history . 
  i love how this whole polish death camp `` controversy '' was caused by inability to accept that some phrases are naturally ambiguous . 
  oh , and also a conscious or subconscious desire to paint our nation as a victim all the fucking time . 
  i dislike meta posts about downvoting , upvoting etc. , so i apologize . 
  but i find it delicious that , at the time of me posting this comment , the thread has only 38 upvotes while having 172 comments . 
  is this , perhaps , a sign of a lot of people do n't liking the news i wonder . 
  i disagree . 
  mockery of authority , whether justified or not , is an integral part of a democratic culture . 
  it is not really an underhanded tactic , because it is essentially harmless . 
  it also further tests the politician in question - will they snap and jerk and post angry tweets ? 
  or will they just ignore it or even turn it into their own , better joke and win the news cycle . 
  we would n't want politicians who are secretly neurotic and fail when they have to make the important decisions , would we . 
   the po-dominated media is doing the same , blowing up the irrelevant non-story . 
  first , i reject the idea that the media are `` po dominated '' . 
  at best a lot of media dislikes pis , which is not the same . 
  second , that 's just a blip there . 
  mentioned here and there because they need filler . 
  tusk has surprisingly good english , considering he learned it in a very short time at an advanced age . 
  i did not expect him to be even on that level . 
  i am a leftist and i can mock komorowski all week . 
  or better yet he could vanish from politics so i do n't have to . 
  still voted for him in the runoff but i puked all the way to the voting booth . 
  as to waszczykowski , pis has a lofty tradition of incompetent foreign ministers . 
  waszczykowski is actually a major upgrade , he at least roughly knows his field , despite being horribly wrong on almost everything . 
  he has the right to be horribly wrong , my goal was to clarify the stance of many `` liberal '' journalists on the matter . 
   another thing which kind of proves my point - they consider the cursed soldiers , the anti communist resistance formed after the war , who continued the fight against stalinization for many years ( the last one was shot in 1963 , almost 20 years ( ! ), 
  after the war during a planned hunt ) and who were executed by stalin 's order , to be bandits . 
  they openly call them the `` cursed bandits '' . 
  the problem with this is they were a very diverse bunch . 
  some of them resorted to banditry , some were committing ethnic cleansing , some legitimately fought the ussr and its influence . 
  some even were heroes at one time , bastards later on . 
  point is , we can not generalize them . 
  it makes no sense to call them heroes nor bandits . 
   the nsdap was left wing . 
  they were certainly right wing in terms of how they viewed society , while being a bit `` left '' economically , in the sense of strong state control . 
  actually , they are genuinely pro-european . 
  the polish ruling party is the kind of `` european for money '' - they would gladly leave eu for most other reasons .
