  as it stands , they feel the urge to proclaim their truth every-fucking-where . 
  ah , that 's what you meant . 
  i did n't get much anti-trump vibe from this ( note , i think he is a dickhead ) . 
  simply , he is advocating something ( vaguely ) and this article shows how something similar is done somewhere . 
  if that is not what he means , then perhaps he should be more specific . 
  otherwise , his bullshit can legitimately be read like this . 
  oh please , false dilemmas ? 
  much of the anti-immigrant narrative is `` we must act now or europe is doomed . 
  doooomed . '', 
  i do n't mean they will win - that 's , thankfully , unlikely . 
  but they will remain a problem for a long time . 
  poland looks bad , but this is more of a polish thing . 
  law and justice are , in a way , a manifestation of ongoing polish problems , representing some of the worst qualities of our culture . 
  more worrying is the youngest generation which is , according to polls , very conservative and xenophobic . 
  year ago it was still okay . 
  the real wave came in summer along with the refugee crisis . 
  and only in autumn the mods finally stopped fighting it so much . 
  haha , i doubt it , the djinn of xenophobic nationalism has been released and they are on a march that will only ever end in berlin , mecca , mars or wherever the fuck they think they are going . 
  i am still confused which are usual topcomments , lol . 
  the sub used to downvote anti-immigrant sentiment , then got overrun by the other crowd and had top comments raging at merkel etc. 
  what is the current state ? 
  politely and nice, 
  love how this video goes both ways . 
  on one hand , it mocks the german sense of superiority of how liberal they are and all the ` feeble ' symbols of a civilized society , on the other hand it does say it is , in fact , superior and it does come from thoroughly practicing all that authoritarian strongman bullshit that so many other nations dream of nowadays . 
  which side of the eternal cultural war are you ? 
  / r/europe has been declared the safepace of either , you know, 
  not sure if this is the proper label still . 
  does n't `` social-conservative '' still pertain to non-economic issues ? 
  they are definitely social conservative , but they are also socialist economically . 
  essentially left-wing economics , right-wing customs and traditionalism . 
  i have no idea what tidy label can encompass it , i guess we are stuck with lengthy descriptions . 
  i just read it as `` pertaining to freedom '' and it does n't mean much by itself . 
  anyway , in usa liberals means `` the left '' and in europe it means `` pro free market '' . 
  roughly . 
  there are also `` neo-liberals '' who are super pro free market . 
  political labels , so helpful . 
  and let 's not even start on what `` liberal '' means , heh heh, 
  of course it is . 
  not unlike what gestapo and wehrmacht did and we all know how good they were at decreasing population in order to reduce human-borne problems . 
  these villagers were often sheltering or supporting insurgents or guerillas . 
  or were accused of doing that because they were ethnically the same as they . 
  so it was `` counter-terrrorist '' action in a way . 
   nyt is kind of overselling things here . 
  they are not advocating this . 
  i mentioned trump because he is an unlikely outsider , not because he is leftist . 
  scaling down , such approach would still require the fbi to hunt down , imprison , torture and possibly murder families of the san bernardino shooters . 
  funny how times changed , eh well , ` funny ' . 
  well , nyt does n't advocate it , they just described how russians did it . 
  it should be also noted that chechenya is rather small - 1.3 million people - and rather remote . 
  easier to conduct a brutal reign of terror in such conditions . 
  what i really care at this point is that trump does not get elected . 
  if sanders gets through , great , but otherwise go team hitlery . 
  nukes came to be at the very last stage of the war and only usa had them . 
  powers might spar in some remote deniable asymmetric war theater , via proxy forces or whatnot , but any direct confrontation easily gets escalated to nuclear standoff . 
  that 's what cold war was , essentially - stalin just itched to steamroll europe with tanks . 
  yeah , but they sides were still relatively optimistic about their chances . 
  with nukes , everyone knows the conflict is pointless before it is even contemplated . 
  hey , okay , but still nukes . 
  they might come to dominate the west economically , but there wo n't be a global military conflict or at least it won ; t be in anybody 's interest . 
  yeah , well , for humanity 's sake i kinda hope forever . 
  planetary annihilation is a poor option . 
  there will certainly be some smaller nuclear exchange at some point , hopefully strengthening the resolve of everyone else not to use the rest of the arsenal . 
  of course there can still be civil wars and all kinds of assymetric warfare . 
  but nothing on the scale of world wars . 
  sanders is on his way out , but if clinton does something stupid or gets crippled by some new revelations or fails to win sanders supporters ... not likely , but possible . 
  it is better . 
  we are enjoying , at least in the west , an unprecedented era of peace and stability , which will hopefully continue indefinitely because of nukes . 
  the information technology is nothing to sneeze at either , it is changing us in monumental ways we do n't even understand yet . 
  but we are still quite dumb in so many ways , easily defaulting to all kinds of regressive behaviors and simplifications , fueled and fueling the political crisis . 
  i just hope it wo n't get too bad until it gets better . 
  well , one test is coming soon - if trump wins , i will start digging a bunker . 
  sadly it is heavily entrenched in public discourse . 
  guess our age is not as enlightened as we like to think . 
  yeah , they are . 
  problem is , they tend to be rather populist too . 
  so they will likely break whatever they promise or do something unsustainable . 
  well , the `` left '' and `` right '' are just arbitrary labels anyway . 
  guess they lost even more of their meaning nowadays . 
  i wish people stopped following them and just focused on specific policies/stances . 
   conservative catholic - pis . 
  they are actually quite left-wing economically , promoting a populist version of communist-era-like welfare state . 
  as a left-winger myself i would support some of their moves , if they were n't also horribly incompetent and hostile to liberal democracy . 
  serious reforms are also not their priority at all . 
  the right is hardly better , though . 
  they either drift on the dysfunctional mutated body of free-market capitalism or descend into all kinds of traditionalist bigotry . 
  the crisis of political thought is rather universal , in my opinion . 
  if trump and sanders have/had a shot at power , so does corbyn . 
  there is nothing set in stone in politics . 
  she is `` pro-immigrant '' so she is `` far-left '' in the minds of many of her internet detractors . 
  simple perception , simple labels . 
  europe wo n't `` die '' because of this , stop being dramatic . 
  but do n't worry , eastern europe has proclaimed itself the `` true '' europe anyway . 
  yeah , no . 
  all press is ** biased ** but only some press is propaganda . 
  the average person barely gets the politics of their own country , past the headlines . 
  that is why there is no democracy in europe !, 
  which still boggles my mind why we have n't legalized better drugs . 
  downing 18 cans of liver/brain/stuff-destroying liquid seems rather crude . 
   all one can do for the moment is to use the word with a certain amount of circumspection and not , as is usually done , degrade it to the level of a swearword . 
  this is what i aspire to .
