  all they did is take parts of two already troubled countries . 
  they have to constantly fight to retain what they have , let alone be a threat to any non-failed state . 
   from what i have read , they have a solidified long-term plan that goes as far as 2075 part of being any kind of strategist is understanding that such long-term plans are fanfiction at best . 
  yeah , i know parts of syriza are sympathetic to russia , i was just saying that tsipras is n't necessarily corrupt , he just might be a fool . 
  so , brigading ? 
  i did n't want to throw such accusations as i am hardly knowledgable in reddit-fu , but certain bursts of hate certainly seemed out of character in this sub . 
  only recently . 
  which is a bit reflective of the souring mood in europe , i think . 
  of course they do , this is a wonderful power fantasy they got there . 
  would be even more wonderful if real non-fantasy people did not horribly die for it . 
  they think they are playing a grand strategy game or something where you can paint the map in one color . 
  what are you guys talking about, 
  always wondered about that souvlaki meat, 
  you assure him so much , it sounds like there is a team of cannibals waiting on corfu !, 
  not necessarily . 
  he just might be panicked and believing in a russian savior . 
  or tsipras , for that matter . 
  seems to me he is too busy running in circles waving hands a lot by now . 
  same here . 
  syriza 's populism was worrying but they had a real chance . 
  really sad to see them fail as well . 
  not because i like them , but because greeks , for all their faults , do not deserve to suffer like that . 
  of course you ca n't fight for some rights in countries where more basic rights , like safety and freedom of speech , are not secured yet . 
  this `` they should go fight for women in saudi arabia '' argument is simple dismissive bullshit . 
  he answered him directly . 
  if you call yourself `` progressive '' , perhaps you could read the article first instead of providing fertile ground for racism . 
  because that 's what happened with your post . 
  you seriously believe that ? 
  that somehow those who do n't hate the immigrants like the others are also hateful of everything else ? 
  you do realize the world is not black and white , right ? 
  strawman much ? 
  well , that is why terrorism is called `` terrorism '' . 
  but supposedly `` civilized '' europeans should know better than reduce themselves to racists . 
  why is this thread such a festival of bigotry ? 
  the article is n't even about refugees themselves , just about the headmaster 's idiotic advisory . 
  top upvoted is the most knee-jerky . 
  ehhhh, 
  and there is no way to know how low will drachma settle or if the government will suvive at all . 
  regardless , the ball was always primarily in greek hands and sadly their leaders failed them yet again . 
  let us hope they do n't suffer too much because of it . 
  i seriously do not share the view that eu somehow wants to `` destroy '' greece 's economy using austerity . 
  i think it is more of a case were people seriously do n't know how to fix it well , be it greeks or their eu partners . 
   but reading the comments here it seems very much like europe would rather suffer a serious economic catastrophe over giving greece any assistance . 
  now , that 's not a fair thing to say . 
  europe was pumping rivers of money into greece for years . 
  eu would really really prefer for greece to stay afloat but ultimately it is a calculation and at this moment the calculation does not look too well for the `` stay '' option . 
  i hope you at least keep varoufakis , at least in an entertainment role . 
  so , everything will be fine . 
  sweet . 
  i wish the greeks all the best and hope that you get out of this mess , but i really do n't think russia can/will save you . 
  they will use you as a pr success and as propaganda ammunition against the west , but they can barely save themselves . 
  and they suck at doing anything right . 
  he means some financial shockwaves , i suppose . 
  not impossible , but as you said , companies and institutions had years to prepare . 
  eurozone was planning if for years , greeks were , at best , repatriating savings and stocking up on canned food . 
  it will be horrible for those who could n't or would n't . 
  eh , i get little pleasure from watching horrible crises . 
  except for wars with explosions , explosions are awesome . 
  sweet lord jesus , that ensuing black market ... so sad for greeks now, 
  poor guy , him . 
  they are chosen representatives of greece , though , and probably have/had the power to avert the disaster . 
  seems to me french establishment is great at hiding its head in the sand . 
  see concentrating muslims in suburban ghettos and shit like in calais . 
  marine lepen can go to hell , though . 
  she has no solutions , everyone can say that and many did . 
  france has millions of muslims already , stopping immigration will do fuck all . 
  it is funny , as the pro-life crowd itself usually does not really consider a fetus human in their actual actions . 
  welp . 
  i was talking about operating an aircraft . 
  delivering illegal murderpills is the political point . 
  well , it is symbolic and they had to see the drone at all times so as to not break laws/require permits . 
  and then england quits the uk , heh heh heh, 
  according to what law , then ? 
  under american law , he would be probably found guilty of treason and whatnot . 
  if not under american law , then what does it matter ? 
  taxes are not a punishment . 
  they are mandated by a democratically elected government . 
  you are making an assumption that without government , things would be great . 
  i would love to hear how would free market replace police , army , school system , health care or any other public system larger than a village . 
  you seem to think everyone can and should create enterprises . 
  there is limited space/capacity for enterprises , only some people have the skills to make them and only some enterprises ever succeed . 
  there is no rule in the universe saying that they will automatically make everyone happy . 
  i like your dislike of people who are not successful . 
  may you never be unemployed , old , sick or in debt . 
  and what is `` enmoralising '' ? 
  living in poverty ? 
  being unemployed for years ? 
  working forever on temporary contracts with no labor rights ? 
  minimal income is not a solution for every country everywhere , at least not now and neither is it always feasible . 
  but the fact remains the globalization and automation further and further reduce the need for human labor in developed countries and innovation is not creating enough alternatives nor is it guaranteed to do so . 
  with more and more people having either no job or having terrible jobs , we will either do something about it or ignore it and create a growing underclass of the disaffected , lowering the quality of life for everyone through crime and social unrest . 
  woah , wtf , omg maryland was founded by teutonic knights or something ? 
  booo , flags are awesome . 
  which state ? 
  i like your mind, 
  although they have nothing to lose and it seems they are fighting for survival , it is still good to hear from a mainstream party . 
  from the linked article :  nonetheless , this marks the first commitment from a european country to implement a basic income experiment and will be the first experiment in a developed nation since the 1970s . 
  seeing as a lot went to shit both in europe and usa since then , i mark it as a positive . 
  ca n't blame them for being gradual , really . 
  while i also am cautious , let us not diss such initiatives just because they do n't go 100 % .
