  i am not saying turks did n't do it just to be dicks and to punish putin for aiding assad . 
  but putin is a much bigger dick , so i am not going to empathize . 
  and turkey did it exactly because they knew they could do it with impunity . 
  putin would be mad to go into a direct conflict , even without that big nato thing . 
  i would say most of the interested parties have serious ... issues . 
  i am all for a diplomatic solution , at least to the western syria . 
  well , i do n't think we can remove daesh `` now '' . 
  assad does n't have the power or men for this either , no matter how many guns we give him . 
  i agree . 
  that said , a lot of anti-assad rebels did the same and somehow it automatically made them hardcore islamist . 
  some are islamists , though it is a safe bet the worst crazies just joined daesh . 
  i mean , why would n't they ? 
  yeah , well , there is much ignorance on the internet , i would n't get depressed over a bunch of idiotic comments . 
  they are rarely representative of anything anyway , even when they get a lot of upvotes . 
  turks are not brown , lol . 
  not that it matters , really . 
  even with that asshole erdogan in charge , turkey is a nato ally and putin can go fuck himself . 
  yup , straight lines fix everything forever :d https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement, 
  that is why we got you both in nato . 
  not because we like you ( though i doooo ) but to prevent you from doing stupid shit . 
  same goes for most of the rest of europe , actually . 
  fun fact : even if turkey was not in nato , putin would be hard pressed to do anything of substance . 
  i bet russian warplanes will now take great care to respect turkish airspace . 
  they are nice , after all !, 
  problem is , siding with assad will only further alienate much of arab world , including european citizens . 
  and , as you said , the point is not to destroy daesh , the point is to cripple the power of their ideology . 
  siding with assad might not be the best way to do it . 
  nah , it 's middle east . 
  the same situation over northern europe would make everyone shit bricks . 
  lol , things happen . 
  kurds are getting guns from everyone anyway . 
  putin can call whatever whatever and he still is a big cock . 
  right . 
  except he ca n't end the war right now . 
  he is already supported heavily by russians and that only prevented him from falling outright . 
  what ? 
  i am not turkish . 
  i did n't say `` intense '' , i just said they yell it . 
  maybe not intense enough for you , but they are very visibly muslims . 
  not ypg , probably peshmerga , but here you go http://www.nytimes.com/video/world/middleeast/100000004037827/a-suicide-bombing-up-close.html, 
  to really end isis `` now '' , you need troops on the ground , and neither assad or russia are necessary for that . 
  kurds also yell `` allahu akbar '' a lot and all that . 
   i think russia should start to destroy every turkish airplane that attacks syria even if it does n't flew in syria . 
  this gets upvoted ? 
  what the fucking fuck people . 
  is this sub becoming putin 's fanclub as well ? 
   an anti-is coalition between nato countries and russia there are too many differences for such a thing to exist , imo . 
  at best the west and its allies would do its own thing , while putin would do his . 
  supporting assad along with putin would be criminal stupidity . 
  does n't mean he will fall , with russians holding the line . 
  and does n't mean we should support him . 
  why are you so certain ? 
  russians support assad immensely and yet he still fails . 
  even worse , their support caused many more people to flee syria , joining the refugee crowd . 
  what can possibly the west do to help more ? 
  usa helps iraq and they still fail , because they have no motivation to combat isis . 
  assad has it even worse , as he has serious manpower shortage and low morale . 
  the only way to meaningfully do anything there in the short term is send troops . 
  and you do n't need to ally with assad for that . 
  i happened to have followed the start of the syrian conflict . 
  in the beginning there were protesters marching against an authoritarian ruler . 
  then , after a bunch of massacres , shelling of unruly districts and a lot of torture , rebel groups started forming . 
  they were n't even very islamist in the beginning and still years before the rise of daesh . 
  we are sure . 
  any of the regional muslim powers would obliterate them in a direct confrontation . 
  it 's not even about ukraine . 
  putin just does n't have any solution for syria except blindly supporting a dictator who is the very reason this war spiraled out of control . 
  assad and his lackeys are n't fit to shepherd a pile of rocks , let alone solve a civil war . 
   if they are allowed to grow larger and consolidate the islamic world under a caliphate this is just a fantasy of theirs . 
  the only reason why isis still exists is that they are either useful or lower priority than someone else . 
  fear is also an emotion . 
  so oppressed, 
  i sure hope you are being sarcastic . 
  we were older high-schoolers . 
  crazy and unpredictable , but not * utterly * out of control . 
  exactly , it is about triggering a security response , not about any specific religion . 
  islamic variety is just in vogue recently but you can trigger it using all kinds of ways . 
  eh , more dumb than funny , especially when it triggers a security response . 
  akin to making prank calls to the fire department , fuck that juvenile bullshit . 
  back when poland had border checks with germany , my class was traveling by coach en route to uk on a school trip . 
  our teacher made it extreeemely clear that yelling `` heil hitler ! '', 
  is not in the least funny when facing german border guards and will likely land the offender 's ass back in warsaw , along with one very angry teacher . 
  good thing he did it , some of my classmates were crazy bastards with forward thinking of 2 seconds and could totally do shit like that . 
  some kinds of pranks are eternal , and just as eternally dumb . 
  how about hebrew ? 
  like `` hallelujah ! '', 
  well , it is a state of emergency . 
  is n't its possibility mandated by the constitution or something ? 
  it only really becomes a problem if it becomes long-term or permanent . 
  definitely problematic , but at least it was n't a whole page of sanders spam . 
  only the west is really angry at isis , and even it wo n't commit serious forces . 
  so it will get worse before it gets better . 
  no need to be pessimistic . 
  does n't ocalan call for peace ? 
  sure , he is marginalized and in a dungeon , but many rebel groups in history have laid down their arms after a peace proccess . 
  my point is n't that they do not kill civilians . 
  my point is they do not * target * civilians . 
  terrorist blow up crowded areas , etc. 
  from what you wrote pkk tries to make checkpoints on roads or clash with security forces , which leads to casualties . 
  i am not saying they are a-ok . their methods are at very least questionable .
