  you live in a different reality , then . 
   what led to the arab spring was the destabilisation of political balance caused by an outside force . 
  arab spring started in tunisia without outside interference and hten spread to egypt , which was a western ally and usa had no interest whatsoever in destabilizing it . 
   in fact , what history really shows is that harsh despotic rulers were what kept most of the middle east together , with iraq , libya and syria being prime examples of that . 
  yeah , yeah , they are savages and have to be kept down by bloody dictators . 
  kk  had the bloody assad stayed in power , the syrian death toll ironically would 've been much lower than what it is today . 
  assad stayed in power and that is exactly why the death toll is so high . 
   there were much fewer iraqi refugees before the us destroyed that country 's government . 
  and then they rebuilt it , and it is relatively stable and somewhat democratic so far . 
  iraq looks much better than syria now . 
   there were much fewer syrian refugees before the us openly armed anti-government militias . 
  you are blaming syrian civil war on the us , which is utter bullshit . 
  i am sorry , but arab spring was not caused by western interference . 
  except it is exactly that . 
  these warlords create an environment of poverty and brutality , which in turn pushes people to extremism . 
  their control is only superficial , it all festers until it explodes . 
  oh right , the classic `` let 's support bloody warlords , as long as they are not islamists '' . 
  this approach is what led to arab spring , eventually . 
  such people will continue to make their realms terrible places and will continually sow the seeds of rebellion , islamist or otherwise . 
  pls, 
  `` europe '' is a cultural/political term , not geographical . 
  so the vast majority of european countries are unreasonable radicals ? 
  good luck having that confirmed . 
  many doctors and hospitals will stall and prolong examinations , just to prevent you from murdering the unborn child ! 1 does n't matter if said child is terminally malformed and will die within weeks or months . 
  got ta babtize that mothafucka !, 
   it 's a compromise . 
  except even that `` compromise '' is not held up . 
  there is no compromise , this a hardcore anti-abortion law and the right-wingers just itch to make it even stricter . 
  it is pretty weird for self-declared european protestants being against abortion . 
  now , of course , all christians are generally against it , but it is usually a catholic thing in these parts . 
  i guess they are slightly radical , eh, 
  countries in eastern europe were mostly homogenous and had a long tradition of actually being countries , whereas much of middle east and north africa was either colonized or occupied by larger empires . 
  and it was n't so rosy . 
  yugoslavia devolved into a lengthy and bloody civil war just as well . 
  london got a muslim mayor and is 100 % sharia now . 
  virtually everyone hates religious extremists who murder gays . 
  condemning them is not `` islamophobic '' . 
  islamophobia is when you claim most muslims are just waiting to murder you and that islam itself should be banned or something . 
  this is more complicated than other posters said - in the populist sphere , left-wing and right-wing lose much of its meaning . 
  modern right-wing populism incorporates a lot of traditionally left-wing promises and in many places took traditionally left-wing voter base . 
  see traditional labour constituencies being hard pro-brexit , trump promising the moon to the impoverished working class , lepen being for welfare ( for the white people ) , polish pis in some respects copying the old polish communist state etc. 
  and remember `` left-wing '' and `` right-wing '' are just guidelines and simplifications . 
  most parties transcend it in some areas . 
  mussolini did n't go far enough , perhaps !, 
  race really does n't exist , though . 
  what is usually considered `` race '' are genetically minuscule traits , as well as different culture and religion . 
  how would turning right-wing help them ? 
  what do you think would or should that fantasy right-wing government do ? 
  i would . 
  sure , governmental overreach is always a risk . 
  just reminding it is not black and white . 
  over the years i have seen plenty of people painting all security increases as a creeping orwell . 
  it is a balancing act , always has been , security vs liberty . 
  government is not automatically malicious , in this respect . 
  terrorism will never really end . 
  even after the islamic variety eventually dies down , some different toxic ideology will flourish and incite people towards violence . 
  meh , muslim extremists were always primarily cultural . 
  i never judge people basing on their posting habits , that would be horrible . 
  confirming the posting habits * after * they post something foolish is a different matter , though !, 
  sweden doomed in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  i agree it was an era of great optimism and i remember it fondly . 
  i disagree we are experiencing some kind of a collapse , though . 
  more like a reality check - the world and our societies are still not as safe and not as stable as we thought and we should keep working to improve that . 
   the second one i 'd call a serial killer and not a terrorist . 
  the line between a spree-killer and a terrorist can be blurry , yeah . 
  the spree-shooters you mentioned would have been considered terrorists instead if they yelled `` allah '' . 
  after breivik , scandinavia has lost the `` nothing horrible ever happens here '' badge . 
  all you really need is one crazy person somewhere slipping through the cracks . 
  it is a bumpy road , but hardly a downward slope . 
  well , plenty of people still believe prison should be punitive , are angry if inmate conditions are fine and think prison rape is part of the punishment . 
  sad , really . 
  what does it achieve , exactly ? 
  in general , death penalty tends to be stubbornly popular . 
  it is great that its eu ban was decided by evil detached bureaucrats and not via a direct vote . 
  eh , thing is , those systems are quite complex and not always transparent . 
  space physics , on the other hand , tend to be really simple , and yet they are done wrong anyway . 
  there is no reason not to have normal orbital mechanics in a tv show except for endlesly copying dumb hollywood tropes . 
  not a basis to deny a whole country a student exchange program . 
  unless you believe turks are fundamentally incompatible , or something . 
  those old fallen empires sure are confusing . 
  yeah , but in the current political climate we should be happy it is not less either . 
   country vs democracy that works only if we idealize direct democracy . 
  indirect democracy via elected representatives making hard unpopular decisions is still democracy . 
  the whole point of electing them for terms is that we are giving them some leeway to do what they think is right . 
  even if uk leave voters believe they have a stellar future in front of them , the divorce itself will be messy and painful , no way around it . 
  we just do n't know how things will look in ten years or twenty . 
  no point in making claims on `` forever '' . 
  hey , do n't defend your people against generalizations by making a generalization !, 
  only some of this sub 's regulars are fools . 
  why not ? 
  if you want turkey to become a better european neighbor , having their young visit other countries is a good way to sow seeds for the future . 
  and vice versa , people visiting turkey can see it is not a jihadist hellhole or whatever fantasy they might harbor . 
  `` inevitable '' can be a long time . 
  people will see things differently in , say , ten years and unless eu disintegrates , there will be little reason not to gradually tighten cooperation with the uk . 
  the polish government ? 
  yeah , well , they are crazy clowns , no disagreement there . 
  all this splintering is so sad . 
  i do n't want uk out of eu , i do n't want scotland out of uk . 
  what a disaster . 
  thing is , we are still in this together .
