  totally democratic and not at all directed by people with tanks . 
  bet on this idiotic move strengthening erdogan with tensions rising and creating more conflicts and , who knows , maybe a civil war ? 
   until new elections can be held . 
  oh great , new elections . 
  what if the populace chooses * wrong * again ? 
  let 's prevent a dictatorship by introducing a dictatorship . 
  so stable it resulted in a region-wide revolt and two civil wars . 
  yeah . 
  and you think that just because turks have a tradition of armed coups it makes it somehow right ? 
  you think it is in any way sane that the ultimate power lies in some unelected military council ? 
  who , exactly , watches the watchmen ? 
  what if the next coup is made by pro-islamist generals against some liberal post-erdogan government ? 
  also fine ? 
   and yes i much rather have a secular dictator power . 
  good , have fun . 
   having an islamite in power , who perpetuates his position by increasing his own powers and evangelising the people , and who has a hard on for saudi arabia , is a recipe for disaster . 
  this is not what i want at europe 's door . 
  yeah , let 's have a buffer belt of quasi-colonies ruled by brutal strongmen . 
  because obviously those people are barbarians and we need to keep them in check supporting an iron-fisted police state . 
  guess what , ** we already tried that . 
  ** assad , mubarak , hussein , qaddafi were all secular military dictators . 
  it was their corruption , mismanagement , and muzzling of freedoms that stunted the economical and cultural development of the region and led to arab spring , a revolt that destabilized everything and greatly contributed to the creation of isis . 
  yeah , let 's do this all over again . 
  plenty of europeans also support anything that `` fights islam '' . 
  ca n't get away from this . 
  not whole sub is like that , but sadly plenty are . 
  the resurgence of fascist thought is no hyperbole . 
  the amount of people who support a military coup just because it is `` secular '' is profoundly saddening . 
  seems like they already forgot the arab spring came after decades upon decades of secular military dictatorship rule . 
  yah , seriously , i am actually defending erdogan in this case and hate that bastard . 
  i find it disgusting how so many people on reddit seem to support a military coup just because it is `` secular '' . 
  turkey 's democracy was more healthy than that . 
  definitely in very bad shape , but salvagable . 
  now they are back to square one again . 
  erdogan is terrible , but he should be removed democratically . 
  yeah , erdogan getting removed in coup is horrible news . 
  people like him should be removed democratically , otherwise it just makes his way come back later on . 
  and if he beats the coup back , it will strengthen him , god dammit . 
  plenty of people like that swarm immigrant threads . 
  nothing to do about it , just eat the downvotes . 
  6 months ago was already a bad time to visit immigrant threads . 
  the 48 % will not be forgotten . 
  being good at pr does not make the dumb shit someone said magically vanish . 
   it 's a typical short-sighted effort to shore up an internal party problem like , i do n't know , calling a referendum on eu membership ? 
  looks like tories never learn . 
  blue blood gave me beauty and smarts . 
  nothing of those solutions would help and some would just make things worse . 
  the cancer of terrorism is much harder to fight . 
  what of le pen 's measures would not just make things worse ? 
  she has no answers either , just because some solutions are `` tough '' does n't mean they are smart or effective . 
  seems like the state of emergency is n't going away any time soon . 
  i am angry , disgusted and terribly sad . 
  first , the horrible human tragedy . 
  second , the madness and futility of religious extremism . 
  third , the predictable and vile political shitshow that will inevitably follow and just make things even worse . 
  an imaginary opposing view that is just delicious to disagree !, 
  of course you do n't . 
  this is a proper argument . 
  voting far right because you feel the world is unsafe/unjust is dumb however you look at it . 
   the time for pc is over . 
  fuck off to your local trump fanclub . 
  that 's plainly false . 
  daesh would also love a le pen win . 
  radicals thrive against each other . 
  they were much smaller and much less effective , though . 
  easy . 
  they want to radicalize the west and create backlash against muslim population . 
  this , in turn , swells their ranks further and perpetuates the cycle , until it becomes a genocidal clusterfuck . 
  sadly , it is working , because the resurgent far-right in europe wants essentially the same . 
  did n't notice it . 
  easy to miss your '' / s '' in the sea of comments who mean it . 
  fuck this . 
  and going for far-right is a solution ? 
  how stupid is that ? 
  if you think le pen is a cure , then i ca n't help you . 
   he 's the biggest europhile in the tory party , and only wanted to be the face of leave for personal ambition reasons . 
  seems like that was the tactic of half of the tory party , including david fucking cameron . 
  [ not necessarily ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catherine_the_great ), 
   when putin get 's replaced he will probably be killed . 
  because you would be a moron to leave him alive . 
  this is survival for him . 
  for him , this a necessary and pragmatic action . 
  dictatorial systems , so stable . 
  sigh . 
  yeah , putin is a menace and a threat to regional and global stability , but calling it `` purge '' is ridiculous and unhelpful . 
  well , we are talking about general trends . 
  all age groups have all kinds of worldviews , just in different proportions . 
   we had a '' '' `` liberal '' '' '' government for the last eight years the joke is po was/is actually a conservative party . 
  but for the current right-wing everything that is n't them is `` leftists '' . 
  collectivism is better , i like to be able to purge and enslave anyone who thinks differently . 
  those alien supporters are everywhere , you see . 
  usually yes , but it also includes the fear of the `` unfamiliar '' . 
  so when people hate gays without ever knowing , meeting , interacting with them , one could argue they qualify . 
  of course , for hating gays we have more specific terms that we usually use . 
   dictionary definitions of xenophobia include : `` deep-rooted fear towards foreigners '' ( oxford english dictionary ; oed ) , and `` fear of the unfamiliar '' ( webster 's ) . 
  great awakening of the heterosexual and sovereign international right . 
  our young generation educated after communism ( now in their 18-20s ) is terribly socially conservative for some reason . 
  a clear sign we have failed at education . 
  they also apparently do n't care about liberal democracy but are drawn to strong leadership . 
  fearing the alien , also known as `` xenophobia '' .
