  but yeah , it would have been likely better in the immediate context . 
  unite the silly scandinavia already . 
  fuck yeah , viking empire . 
  i think the idea is that if france/uk had attacked germany when it was busy invading poland , it would have been all different . 
  as it stands , germany took their time , mopped poland up and proceeded to crush france at full force . 
  i am neither a historian nor a strategist , but this does have some merit , on a purely speculatory level . 
  this actually would make sense from their point of view , crazy as it is . 
  they got nuclear reactors anyway . 
  it is usa that is doing anything at all . 
  most of europe would gladly sell putin three crimeas just to appease him . 
  all hope in merkel - she seems really pissed , especially since she trusted putin not to be an idiot . 
  yeah , a good lesson for the future for anyone not invaded yet . 
  exactly . 
  russia got into ukraine precisely because it knew for sure that nato would not intervene militarily . 
  yes , well , would n't trust russian figures obviously . 
  or just have nostalgia for the empires of old . 
  many people do n't need brainwashing to think like that . 
  in many countries the official estimates are just right - they know how much people fit in a square , street etc. 
  they generally are . 
  just a much much more flawed one than the flawed western ones . 
  russia is authoritarian , but it does allow a lot of freedom of expression . 
  they will instead manipulate the public opinion via populism , nationalism and controlled media . 
  not entirely unlike western democracies , just much more dirty . 
  yeah , perekop is the main access point to crimea and a natural place for any defence . 
  yeah , but there was a lot of high-horse moralizing from everyone `` outraged '' . 
  practically every country would do the same , if they had the resources , they just jump on the opportunity to bash the stronger party . 
  i know they have n't legalized them . 
  still , many drugs are decriminalized and they are trying sensible harm-reducing approach , not the mindless `` zomg ban '' . 
  he also broke eugenics for everyone . 
  and vegetarianism . 
  seriously , heroin ? 
  it 's like science-fiction . 
  go portugal !, 
  yes , it was ugly ethnic business . 
  it is quite ironic that poland supports ukrainian west nowadays . 
  and paying nothing . 
  if it is covert , then obviously it is an issue . 
  well , these are all long-term musings anyway . 
  i have no idea how things will look in ten years or so . 
  it is essentially lobbying . 
  the problem starts when money flows stop being visible and/or legal . 
  as long as it is lawful and transparent , it should n't be an issue . 
  if the european project is successful , then i think uk will join it even if it initially quits . 
  i would prefer you folks and your influence in , though , rather than out . 
  have read your other posts in this thread and i am happy you avoid common fallacies of the usual eurosceptic . 
  it is cool , such a union must be based on the free will of nations anyway . 
  one thing that struck me when i wrote the previous paragraph - it seems to me most eurosceptics in uk are not as nuanced as you are . 
  there is a risk that a uk that chooses to leave the eu might be a bigoted and populist one , thus providing you with the worst of both worlds . 
  is it a problem , really ? 
  big developers are mostly multinationals anyway , their studios spanning multiple continents . 
  riiiight , except in recent years it is very much anti-government . 
  whoah , you read the article !, 
  that 's against the rules of the internets . 
  the school did not close permanently . 
  they hired a security firm to make a new safety solution for the school - they might transfer away some ringleaders or whatnot . 
  and yeah , breaking up groups sometimes it is a decent solution . 
  while this obviously sucks on a general level , i find it pretty cool that swedes temporarily close a school for such a reason . 
  i wager many schools in other countries would have just put their heads in the sand . 
  eurovision has any other kind of points ? 
  yah , well , no country wants that kind of free-for-all independence for their regions . 
  the drama would be endless and likely counterproductive . 
  london had to agree to it , though . 
  so it was n't ignoring the voice of the rest of uk , albeit indirectly . 
  we really need a small country go independent , if we want to see it quiet down a bit . 
  that is , as long as it does turn out to be as disappointing as i think it will . 
  if an independent movement manages to create a prosperous happy small state , we will see a veritable festival of indy movements in europe . 
  it was never in any way homogenous . 
  unless you read ethnicity by skin color . 
   but live there with less rights than those born in the cities you sound like you think it is a good thing . 
   and of course nothing is given to them . 
  that 's because nothing is given to anyone in china . 
  half of a libertarian paradise right there !, 
  ethnicity is not color of the skin . 
  levant arabs and turks are n't even `` brown '' for the most part . 
  as for china http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/middle_east_and_asia/china_ethnolinguistic_83.jpg, 
  han chinese are dominant , but they have zillions of other ethnic groups of all coloration . 
  of course migration is costly and problematic , no one seriously claims otherwise . 
   multiethnic countries severely lack national cohesion which leads to `` us vs. them '' mentality within the nation . 
  and yet it is to some degree inevitable . 
  what are the most important/powerful countries in the world ? 
  china , usa , russia , india , brazil , germany , france , uk - all quite multi-ethnic , even russia has mosques in moscow n ' shit . 
  if anything , single-ethnic countries are a curiosity and an aberration . 
  must be really sad from your side . 
  our incompetent conservatives ( who , incidentally , worship orban ) also got a boost from the refugee crisis . 
  well , it 's not like the current situation was orchestrated by anyone . 
  it is an emergent mess borne out of europe not having any kind of common policy on the matter . 
  it is not acceptance , they still get processed . 
  just because someone is in germany does not mean they will get asylum . 
  i was not clear . 
  i mean `` reviled '' serbs . 
  i do not believe serbs are inherently better or worse . 
  and balkan wars hurt everybody . 
   my point to / r/europe is simple ; let them live as normal human beings , or they might be forced into becoming ... not normal human beings . 
  oh , i fully agree on that . 
  the likes of osama and daesh wish our nationalists lash out at the alien muslim arabs . 
  as you said , that was the whole point of 9/11 . 
  of course they would love that but its not like they can orchestrate it . 
  also , i would think larger part of daesh 's motivation was creating a fundamentalist state and fighting their heretics locally . 
  obviously they would love some chaos in the west , though . 
  italy and greece needed help for a long time .
