  we can and we do . 
  it is emotions , it does n't have to make sense . 
  ask americans . 
  i hope belgium never splinters , your rivalry is too funny . 
  snow does n't count !, 
  as if you actually asked a question . 
   i mean , where would most people rather live ? 
  a traditional french city , where people are respected , or a ghetto where women and infidels are not served by businesses , shops etc. 
  you make it sound like soon everywhere will be like in some shithole ghetto . 
  sure , whatever . 
  i have read your replies to my posts and have decided you are not arguing in good faith . 
  i am not interested in further exchange . 
  well , you did just copy my earlier post so damn straight i took it as an attack . 
  no , you . 
  you can ignore the political context and the historical conduct of the party in question and try to present it as some abstract academic question , but i wo n't . 
  no it bloody is n't , certainly not in polish context . 
  `` day without politicians '' would apply if it was normal-level bullshit . 
  it kind of escalated , though . 
  i have long been saying that in many ways , trump party won in poland long ago . 
  many differences , sure , but also a multitude of cultural similarities . 
  i am , at the moment , not arguing about what was right and what was not tonight . 
  what i protested was calling the summary `` objective '' . 
  it had multiple elements showing obvious bias , resulting in pushing strong political views under the cover of `` objectivity '' . 
  anyone can have their views , sure , whatever . 
  but i will call them out when they try to pretend they are something else . 
  edit : this summary is much better https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5iqut4/brief_summary_of_the_current_situation_in_polish/, 
   rules to be more europeanspeaker of the sejm wants to change press access rules to be more european this is obvious demagogery . 
  we are talking about a party and government who is heavily at odds with the eu , both politically and culturally suddenly restricting press to make things more `` european '' . 
   oppositions mps abused formal motions clearly presents the opposition as troublemakers . 
  parliamentary protest is not something new . 
   objective hahaha , have your views , sure , but do not pretend they are an `` objective '' truth . 
   speaker of the sejm wants to change press access rules to be more european that 's jut pure demagogery . 
  it is obvious you are the ruling party 's apologist . 
  edit : the party does n't give a damn about european standards or european political culture . 
  they have rejected them constantly . 
  it does n't make sense that now they want to restrict the press because they want it to be more `` european '' . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  should n't be overdone . 
  europe and america are close allies , after all . 
  this will be likely tested , soon . 
  sigh . 
  well , a statement `` you ca n't compare them '' usually just means `` there is a huge difference between them '' . 
  and i mostly agree : usa , for all its flaws , has much better track record than russia . 
  i am afraid you are mistaking `` occupation '' with `` alliance '' . 
   stop kidding ourselves the us is crystal-clear enforcer of good you are attacking a straw-man , virtually no one except some minority in the states believes that . 
  the world is shades of grey , but that does n't mean russia ca n't be , relatively , much worse . 
  different entities and different societies , though . 
  germany and france do not take orders from usa . 
  as seen during iraq war , they are perfectly capable of opposing it . 
  well , yeah , he does n't care about his people . 
  they are pawns for the wise tzar . 
  the alternative is do nothing , really . 
  should putin just annex parts of countries with no reaction whatsoever ? 
  should he be appeased instead , given free reign over the former soviet `` sphere '' ? 
  at some point the burden of learning ought to be shifted to russians themselves . 
  i was joking , chill . 
  i know the dynamics of the polish-lithuanian relationship . 
  i oppose polish nationalists who hate lithuanians . 
  lolz , that 's like saying danish is baby-norwegian , portugese is baby-spanish or dutch is baby-german . 
  you would just get punched all over the world . 
  cyrillic is actually really easy . 
  the language itself is much harder . 
  they could all celebrate it in their respective evenings . 
  or you would have set hours for new years eve in each place - a set hour for a holiday or two is better than hour differences for every other day and activity . 
  but you touch on an important point . 
  a lot of opposition to such measures would be customary and symbolic . 
  people see such things as part of their identity , even though they really are n't . 
  early morning would be still early morning :p travel is upsetting anyway and schedules would not be bizarre , just shifted . 
  we would mostly just learn the usual closing/opening hours and that would be enough for most purposes . 
  we already have to do it anyway , what with all the differences in custom and labor law . 
  edit : even nowadays , when people travel abroad to work , everyone 's first questions are `` at what hour should i come to work and at what hour does my work end '' . 
  when they travel for pleasure , they google bar/museum/shop hours . 
  with universal time you would still check this info , just hours would change . 
  5 am could be described in many different ways . 
  and for many people , it means something else entirely . 
  the local schedules are rarely universal anyway . 
  you got siestas , longer/shorter working hours , all kinds of crazy customs . 
  bah , ideally we should just get rid of timezones and have universal time , globally . 
  just have different opening/closing and wake/sleep hours in each place , simple as that . 
  we already do it with months for north and south hemisphere , with january being in winter in the north and summer in the south , it would be easy to adjust . 
  time zones as they are both imprecise and subject to constant nationalistic manipulation . 
  not my idea , to be very clear , such proposals were [ floating around ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/02/12/the-radical-plan-to-destroy-time-zones-2/ ) for a while in the minds of crazy people . 
  you are an anarchist or something ? 
  governments can make much more sense , though plenty do n't . 
  pretty bad with a terrible ignorant leader . 
  but i would still take it over the ruling party . 
  they rejected the glorious polish culture , language and supremacy . 
  ... conveniently ignoring their own . 
  completely hypocritical . 
  it does , but it is nothing personal . 
  and it respects all the member state cultures , all the way to the polish-chinese border . 
  fruity ? 
  omg !, 
  race is bullshit in all cases . 
  i do n't think we disagree , exactly . 
  poll accuracy depends on how willing are people to admit they are in favor of `` teh ghey '' in a society that considers it a sick aberration . 
  it was certainly a vocal part of the campaign . 
  `` freed from the shackles of brussels , we will have all the best trade deals . '', 
  there is probably a bias for hiding such views there . 
  so i understand mount athos was n't yet outed as a sizzling nest of homosexuality ?
