  and this context is pretty bad . 
  i am not a great fan of that sub , even though i agree with their broad ideas . 
  got banned from there actually , lul . 
  anyway , laws do not exist in a vacuum , plenty of assholes wrote nice-sounding laws . 
  my personal observation is that pis are fundamentally incompatible with liberal democracy so i do not trust them to put competent impartial people anywhere , especially when they have a long history of elevating incompetent loyalists . 
  obviously , if you consider pis capable of making neutral pro-state appointments , then our perceptions drastically differ and we do n't have much to talk about , even if we wanted to . 
   bullshit scaremongering propaganda i was not born yesterday , i have seen for over a decade now how pis operates and they have * always * promoted people who were first and foremost loyal regardless of competence . 
  so yeah , it is all nice and neutral if you ignore the context . 
  which you do , obviously . 
  they got `` alt-right '' in the states . 
  man , you broke their chain . 
  yeah , and trump won the popular vote . 
  if you refuse to vote for other parties , then you enable the pis vote . 
  if you think other parties are just as bad , then you should n't be complaining about what pis does . 
  that 's what people always say before they reach for the next thing , and the next , and the next . 
  but suuurely they wo n't go any further !, 
  i am sure they have more than enough . 
  best christmas ever !, 
  any aggression against lithuania would require dissolution of both nato and eu . 
  but then we would all be fucked anyway , so whatever . 
  you reacted with distrust to the term `` liberal democracy '' . 
  what i am saying is that `` liberal democracy '' is the democracy , as it is understood in the west and as it was understood in post-1989 poland . 
  you are completely wrong . 
  liberal democracy is what has been practiced in the west for much of the last century and it was exactly what poland was aiming for in 1989 . 
  the reason it has to be further specified is that a lot of people think democracy exists as long as we can vote - you can also vote in russia and turkey , after all . 
  edit : furthermore , all the defense that democracy = vote is used by pis themselves , with all their talk about serving `` the suzerain '' ( nation ) who voted for them . 
  `` we got vote , we can do everything '' - this is contrary to how western democracies work . 
  i know , but i really wanted to make up some incendiary names for greece !, 
  they were never actively pro-eu . 
  i remember vividly that when political parties were debating eu accession , pis was hesitating for a very very long time . 
  they eventually supported it , but they were last in the group , essentially . 
  they do n't disagree with eu * actions * , they disagree with fundamental eu ideology , up to and including `` liberal democracy '' as it is understood in the west . 
  mmmm , the cleansing fire of proud sovereign corruption !, 
   pis may want to do it on purpose to turn polish people hostile against eu , as poles are not very happy to see external involvement in internal affairs , especially pis voters . 
  eventually , poles need to make their minds as to which direction they really want . 
  pis and eu are fundamentally incompatible . 
  no bloody way i am giving them any credit , what they did was a simple methodical encroachment . 
  they only succeeded because everyone thought that we became a democracy forever and such brazen authoritarianism is behind us . 
  not with this president . 
  poor vulnerable russia , always threatened and encircled by that nasty nato . 
  you guys need to dig some canyons then . 
  preferably in the east . 
  the second one is obviously checking out the first one as we speak . 
  it is no surprise that almost all of what you mentioned is better and more humane in the western europe . 
  they believe that we do n't need to live in a darwinist clusterfuck . 
  it is such cultural aspects that really measure how close to `` europe '' poland is . 
  this is the best germany poland has ever neighbored in its * entire * history and yet some people just need to feel like victims of a dastardly plan . 
  have you heard about the idea of a `` non-zero sum game '' ? 
  the idea that is prevalent in the modern west now ? 
  that just because someone gains , does n't mean someone else must lose ? 
  or are you so totally married to the idea that it is dog eat dog and we have to eventually conquer germany or something to be finally safe ? 
  they are political , `` politics '' is not a dirty word . 
  it is just that these are politics of remaining a liberal democracy , something almost everyone should support . 
  easy . 
  they either think short-term or believe they will fare just fine in a 19th century-style multi-polar world . 
  to some , an environment full of proud sovereign nations is the natural one , not the current peaceful transnational consensus that still mostly rules in the west . 
  sure , nostradamus , and caliphate the next day . 
  i do n't think it is that clear-cut . 
  orban was orban long before kaczynski got power , he just was smart about it . 
  he might very well make a deal with the west to be ignored for some token reforms , just to get poland . 
  his whole strategy is that of sneaky opportunism , not titanic showdown with western europe . 
  existence of a bloc does n't mean there is much substance to it , even if there was in the past . 
  there is also something we call `` weimar triangle '' , which is france , germany and poland . 
  sure as hell there is not much to it now . 
  eu wo n't die as easily . 
  they are not stealing your land and they can not steal your history . 
  furthermore , i disagree that any country can * own * history anyway . 
  we are descendants of people who did history , but that 's it . 
  we can not change it , we can not sell it , we can not give it away , it just is . 
  you can create and change historical narratives , sure , but they can be as diverse and as numerous as there are historians . 
  v4 's agreement begins and ends at rejecting immigrants . 
  they differ on almost everything else - euro , putin , germany etc. 
  if eu allows itself to be paralyzed by a `` liberum veto '' , then it deserves what befell the last country that famously did it . 
  but i think eu is a smarter organism than that . 
  if greece is not the official name , then you would n't mind if other countries called you `` former ottoman province of greece '' ( fopg ) or `` northern crete '' or `` greek venice '' ? 
  because that is the kind of deal you are offering macedonia . 
  you can not steal history . 
  do you see italians throwing a fit about romania ? 
  their country is literally named `` land of the romans '' . 
  either way , you can bully those poor fucks only because their power and influence are pathetic . 
  you would bounce off almost any other country . 
  how would you react if other countries told you not to call yourself greece ? 
  exactly . 
  i am pessimistic , at the moment . 
  but history teaches that what turned to shit , can always turn into non-shit again . 
  pity about all the wasted years , though . 
  yeah , money is always more powerful . 
  still , eu is really serious about its ideological foundations and it wo n't ignore such transgressions forever . 
  the hammer must fall , sooner or later , or it will erode eu from within . 
  my point is that poles are generally very pro-eu but fail to see the danger pis poses to our eu relationship , due to being ignorant or disillusioned with politics . 
  having our position in eu seriously threatened , should wake a lot of them out of their political apathy and force them to decide . 
  certainly , pis did not campaign on what they are doing now , even though it was obvious to long-time observers . 
  comments are always horrible and useless under such posts . 
  and just as you said , they miss the point - in germany , this atrocity is harder to do and gets detected , so it can be eradicated . 
  ukraine has the best cloud-spiders , the one in 1986 was also pretty rad . 
  yeah , but he is smarter and more opportunistic . 
  he prefers to stay under the radar , i seriously doubt he will want a direct confrontation with the eu . 
  he just has nothing to gain there . 
  certainly , poland can be marginalized withing the eu . 
  but more importantly , a strong action will hopefully wake poles up and force them to decide which way do they * really * want to go .
