  their failure was preceded by layers and layers of bullshit and idiocy . 
  but whatever , believe in kaczynski strategic genius if you want . 
  part of the plan my ass , sure he was gambling , he did n't have anything else left . 
   i do n't really want to worry you , but the alleged `` incompetence '' is considerably overblown by certain faction of media . 
  haha , whatever , just observe . 
  i have seen it before , done by the very same people and they behave exactly like they did before . 
  no need to trust my prediction , really , just see what they do and how they do after they eliminate the constitutional opposition . 
   their previous stint in government included clever long-term moves , such as destroying both populist parties that were naive enough to enter coalition with them , and taking over a better chunk of their electorate . 
  if that 's the reason you infer that they `` will destroy themselves '' then you sadly completely failed to understand much of what happened during the last ten years . 
  oh , so early elections and loss of power for a decade was a success ? 
  cool . 
   they wo n't , everyone that could lead a conflicting faction has been long purged/left on his own long ago . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree here , kaczynski is great at eradicating anyone with half a personality . 
  still , these are human beings and the parliamentary club is large . 
  humiliations will be dished out , factions will arise , ambitions will conflict . 
  coupled with external pressures due to gross incompetence as well as the petty and emotional nature of traditionalist-paranoid right-wing , the chance for some kind of fracturing is large . 
  time will tell , of course , but i have little doubt in their considerable hubris . 
  kk , it is only based on observing this party for over ten years , including their previous stint in the government . 
  they will destroy themselves , i jsut hope they do n't damage the country too much in the proccess . 
  but oh well , the nation has chosen , it got what it deserves . 
  hahahaha hey , whatever man . 
  you know what they have in spades ? 
  incompetence . 
  you will have many more moments when you will have to tell yourself `` media is tarnishing their image '' . 
  but hey , cognitive dissonance is unpleasant , i wish you luck . 
  that 's mostly because you ca n't burn machetes for heating . 
  they do n't have any ? 
  well , perhaps they can request some from nato . 
  i hear turkish aa units are available . 
  we do have this saying in poland as well . 
  sams do shoot planes down , yes . 
  no , no erdogan . 
  he was simply lucky that this situation required an asshole . 
  assholes are not required 99 % of the time . 
  haha , no putin would not attack nato over a plane . 
  why not ? 
  technically possible and really , what is russia gon na do ? 
  maybe we want some more of politicians than just be shrewd players ? 
  not being asshole bullies ? 
  perhaps there is more to a leader than just be a good tactician ? 
  and by the way , putin is not the grandmaster you paint him as . 
  and certainly not a good leader of his country . 
  no , but they will pursue a pro-russian policy and attempt to quit/cripple nato , something that physically protects my polish ass from russian bullying . 
  you see no way for those two forces to act at the same time ? 
  you know at least some of those parties freely admit getting funds from putin ? 
  front national , for example ? 
  he is funding an anti-nato party out of goodness of his heart , in your opinion ? 
  all the more reason to be wary of external actors using the situation to sow further discord . 
   i acknowledge that not all muslims are murderbots . 
  i also despise part of the company i 'm in when i oppose quotas - there are some really nasty people with fascist tendencies , and i am revolted by the fact that i can technically be grouped with them . 
  the polarization of the discussion is pretty terrible indeed . 
  i wish the debate was with people like you , instead of the `` muslim invasion ! '', 
  crowd . 
   bad for poland as a precedent - importing problems we do not currently have . 
  well , as i wrote we already took tens of thousands chechens . 
  syrian numbers would be similar and it would be extremely unlikely to create any problems . 
  note that countries like france have millions of people of muslim background , while we would have at most couple of thousand staying permanently . 
   bad for europe - there are undeniable problems and no , it 's not racist to acknowledge them . 
  they are undeniable problems but europe is already stuck with it . 
  thus , it would be positive of us to share the burden , at least a little bit . 
   bad for syrian refugees in poland - do you know how much polish-arabic interpreters are paid in the service of gulf companies and embassies ? 
  how many there are ? 
  will they accept what is essentially the job of a social worker , one of the worst paid jobs in poland ? 
  this is more of a problem with terrible polish labor environment , not with refugees themselves , i think . 
   bad for syria and iraq themself . 
  when risk of service in iraqi forces is grounds enough for asylum , who 's left to fight ? 
  well , you ca n't really force people to fight in a war , especially a war that has so many sides and is as hopeless . 
  and many of them already tried but left the rebellion or assad 's army after years of grinding conflict . 
  note : anyone who calls you islamophobic for what you said is a fool . 
  islamophobia is painting muslims as some kind of incompatible homogenous aliens that want to invade us , multiply and then overthrow us in a few decades . 
  quite a popular stance nowadays , sadly . 
  perhaps i was not precise - i focused on the muslims living in the western societies . 
  obviously some do have backward preconceptions from their home countries , but i actually do believe they behave differently out of pure-muslim countries , as humans do not exist in a vacuum . 
  but you obviously have your strong convictions , so whatever , feel free to throw further invectives at me if you feel like it . 
  well , the vast majority of muslims are n't religious lunatics either and neither is their culture completely incompatible with ours . 
  see , that is the kind of approach i am talking about . 
  seeing muslims as some aliens from outer space , coming to inject us with kebab . 
  some muslim communities are problematic , isolationist , fucked up and backwards . 
  but they are not fundamentally incompatible and they are not a faceless frothing jihadi army . 
  they are not mysterious . 
  we can flip germany now , sure , but do n't be surprised if there is less willingness to accommodate poland when we have different views on , say , russia and there is a pipeline to prevent or whatnot . 
  i find it also jarring , because the numbers of refugees we would eventually take would be really small . 
  we already gave asylum to tens of thousands chechens ( who are muslim and many of whom take part in international islamic terrorism ) and it did n't have any noticeable impact on our country . 
  essentially , we are telling germany to go fuck themselves for no real gain , simply because we fear teh muslams . 
  it is also about spirit of the union . 
  our actions now will reflect in the next negotiations as well as when we have a problem that the rest of eu might not find as important . 
  the posters i was replying to suggested eastern europeans see some obvious solutions because they are not shackled by political correctness . 
  but i am not sure estonia solved their minority issues much better than france solved theirs . 
  it is not about keeping mouths shut , it is about not pretending to have all the solutions because it seems all so easy from afar . 
  eu funds good . 
  eu burdens bad . 
  us policy often touches things far away from the us , so it is a bit different . 
  of course not . 
  but it is better to be less judgemental and sure in one 's proclamations when you have little experience with the subject matter . 
  and how do you precisely fix the problem ? 
  i am sure the french would love to know . 
  would n't ireland be partitioned into a clusterfuck of semi-tribal duchies too ? 
  oh right , france is doomed etc. 
  exactly . 
  the problem is real and terribly difficult , but people with little contact with foreigners often default to seemingly simple radical solutions that often are actually counter-productive or not feasible .
