  welp . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  hey , i like usa , it was simply a joking way of presenting them . 
  well-meaning but ignorant people promoting horrible policies is even worse . 
  eu gives much more fuck about us than it does about ukraine or belarus . 
  better to be part of a powerful block , than not , but i guess you can think of other better strategies . 
   how can someone promote unrestricted muslim immigration no one does it rofl . 
  yay for becoming a nationalist hinterland no one gives a fuck about !, 
   before `` reforms '' the state owned media were , for a change , propaganda machine for former government 's policies . 
  that 's just pure bullshit . 
  po was promoting people mildly sympathetic towards them or at least not sympathetic towards pis but they did not drop a whole division of rabidly ideological journalists from closely allied media like pis did . 
  i was not a fan of po for a long time and i positively hate them now . 
  but this false equivalence proposing that whatever pis did `` po did the same '' is a ludicrous cocktail of denial and lies . 
  eu pressure and displeasure is much more than just direct punitive measures . 
  there are plenty of things poland wants from the eu , issues it wants resolved , disputes it wants help with , decisions it wants its voice heard etc. 
  and , what do you know , lots of things just wo n't go its way very much nowadays . 
  and so is america and yet when people say `` america '' they mean united states of big macs , guns and freedom . 
  they are one of the most disciplined and dogmatic parties out there . 
  but they are still a group of humans under huge pressure , commanding only a slight parliamentary majority and coming from a political tradition rife with rebellions and splintering . 
  i am not counting on it , but things might happen . 
  even kukiz woke up , something i did not expect considering the depths of his insight . 
  pis has a democratic mandate , though certainly not for their unconstitutional actions . 
  regardless , liberal democracy is much more than just one vote . 
  checks and balances , rule of law , etc. 
  pis rejects all that . 
  what . 
  pis was politically using the crash like 5 minutes after the corpses cooled . 
  if only the country was full of smart people , like you , not dumb people , like us !, 
  it is a complex issue of turkish-kurdish relations . 
  apart from the separatistm , there is an issue of turkish governments having tried to diminish kurdish language and culture for a long time . 
  it is changing recently , from what i read , but there is a lot of bad blood there . 
  i am no scholar , but that is my impression . 
  can you not understand why people might not want to discuss anything if they are repeatedly insulted ? 
  seriously , i do n't have time nor inclination for this shit . 
  i do n't * need * to discuss everything with everyone nor do i must . 
  have fun with the internet your way , but not everyone is going to play . 
  problematic , yeah , but still significantly superior to war on drugs ( tm ), 
  so you think people should either dedicate themselves and their decisions towards their offspring 100 % or not have them at all ? 
  well , many people think differently , sorry . 
  life is more than just procreation . 
  cultural taboo . 
  drugs are bad , mkay . 
  are you also going to tell people with genetic history of hereditary illness to stop breeding ? 
  even bad eyesight and blood pressure can be quite hard to live with , you know . 
  should we tell people with these to not breed ? 
  are n't you getting slightly intrusive there ? 
  not arguing statistics , just that the marriage becomes more and more optional and is not required to have children , or even a happy union . 
  it is cool when people are made aware of these drawbacks . 
  what is the problem the poster i replied to was referring to is when they are also chastised and pressured , directly or indirectly . 
  legalize/decriminalize most , provide stuff like methadone for others . 
  what problem again ? 
  eventually, 
  deviating from the biological script is a heresy to so many people still . 
   altough to be fair the average age for having a first child is below the average for first marriage . 
  the two are less and less connected , yes . 
   but society ignoring its biological base shall extinct . 
  no , it really wo n't . 
  it is a much more complex and resilient organism than you think it is . 
  oh , insults , nice . 
  go make america great again . 
  we should have a drone flying all around europe , constantly broadcasting the image onto the header . 
  does n't sound like a bad thing at all . 
  even blaming drugs on mexico is denial . 
  mexico produces drugs because americans want them , simple as that . 
  decriminalize most , legalize some , cartels will go broke . 
  if he is a fool who thinks you should work hard regardless of actual results of that hard work , then you are morally entitled to fake it as much as you can . 
  are n't the japanese similar ? 
  all day at work but a lot of pissing around ? 
  you are secretly belgian ? 
  actually , you can steal shitloads of money from a country , even a relatively poor one . 
  sultan stronk, 
  in proportional parties are more volatile , so sometimes it is better to just reset the board . 
  someone had to , he was probably panicking . 
  i mean , this was a big part of his life that he now lost . 
  but i am not sad for him , he has a cozy retirement fund . 
  to be fair , he was probably just panicking . 
  understandable , in his situation . 
  who cares what she thinks , she is just a minion of the real ruler, 
  there was no indication jaros\u0142aw planned it to distract the public from his other doings . 
  quite to the contrary , it seemed it happened at a bad time , opening yet another frontline that was just not necessary at the moment . 
  also , western media are not uninformed . 
  `` uninformed '' is a favorite argument of the ruling party and its supporters . 
  what if i tell you they often are informed just fine , they just come to different conclusions ? 
  soon there will be actual long-term male contraception and such dickhead internet arguments as yours will be put to rest . 
  not that i completely disagree with you , i just do n't like you . 
  use a condom if you do n't trust the vagina in question . 
  not getting sorted it out hurts all countries involved . 
  national reconciliations between old enemies were historically an excellent thing to do . 
  it just requires bold politicians on both sides , who wish to sort shit out and not use it endlessly for their political gain . 
  in other words , good luck , you will need it . 
  not impossible , though . 
  i can understand some of it , and the humor is just primitive . 
  did n't say there is balance  it definitely proclaims superiority of the current german way but also pokes fun at germans . 
  the clip itself epitomizes the `` proud of not being proud '' slogan . 
  well , that little girl segment is a bit harsher , heheh, 
   what really concerns me is that both sides seem to have fallen somewhat into the `` true patriots think like me '' trap . 
  it is easy to fall into false equivalence too . 
  despite what some say there is very little actual rabid far-left in europe nowadays , but there is a lot of far-right , conscious or not . 
  this is a huge crisis , it actually threatens the union and has uncovered some fundamental cultural splits . 
  i wish it siphoned them away .
