   the moment they stepped in a country not at war ( like turkey ) and decided to get in another country they stopped being refugees and became economical migrant . 
  that is an oft-repeated falsehood that has no basis anywhere . 
  you are a refugee if your country is engulfed in war ( `` unsafe '' ) as you can not be deported there and you do not have its protection . 
  it does n't matter where you are or how rich you are , you are still a refugee until either your country becomes safe or you gain a citizenship-equivalent status elsewhere . 
  you claim truth and clarity but all you do is argue for another extreme . 
  they key , at least for me , is to not think about the refugees in the categories of `` good '' and `` bad '' . 
  they are a slice of a foreign society , with ups and downs . 
  therefore they can commit crimes , cause riots , just like any other impoverished group , with the added bonus of being uprooted and in an alien land . 
  they do n't even need to be grateful or nice . 
  yet , they are victims of war , a catastrophe that is for normal people as uncontrollable as a hurricane or a tornado . 
  in such a case we do not discriminate , whether someone is nice or not . 
  that said , there are limits - when a tornado victim assaults another tornado victim , relevant services should intervene and potentially penalize the perpetrator . 
  but we should n't be surprised , people behave erratically and sometimes violently in times of crisis , we just need to manage it . 
   if you send them away then they 'll just come back in greater numbers or group with people who are similarly declined entry . 
  people have a limited capacity of traversing half a sub-continent . 
  sure , some might come back once . 
  just to be automatically sent back again . 
  extremely few would dedicate their lives to continue such madness and such persistence would n't increase chances of success . 
  in case of spain , i do n't think it is a mere piece of paper . 
  they fear a disintegration of the country . 
  no good solutions , imo , although i think a catalan referendum is inevitable . 
  i do n't think it is as clear cut . 
  self-determination is not an absolute value , it can just as well lead to instability and needless fragmentation . 
  i am glad uk proceeded with scottish independence question as it did , but i am not certain such approach should be applied everywhere . 
  yes , but with china 's population , the minorities still constitute over one hundred million people . 
  that 's ten small countries right there . 
  it makes it less likely , yes . 
  but independence is strongly connected to emotions and as such it is not that predictable . 
   the two empires are the origin story of europe , basically . 
  christianity is similar in this respect and it has since splintered into countless churches , all who claim to be the `` true '' one . 
  or how old monarchies have claimants everywhere . 
  over time everyone has claim to sufficiently ancient entities , that is why i see no problem with things like these russian fantasies . 
  even turks claimed they were `` rome '' and , frankly , their claim was n't even that weak . 
   this could have been avoided by at least trying to reach the goal and taking it seriously 15 years ago . 
  and he wo n't pull out of nato , its talk to get them to take it seriously for once . 
  they will take it so seriously that they are seriously talking about creating eu army , potentially undermining the significance of the alliance . 
  trump 's threats were not the way to reform or reinvigorate the pact . 
  who said we should deny where we come from ? 
  but we should n't obsess about who is the `` rightful '' heir to an ancient dead empire . 
  the world has changed fundamentally since then and is incompatible with much of the past . 
  only crazed extremists , like isis , truly think they can resurrect such entities . 
  yeah yeah putin is playing 5-dimensional sudoku and is a genius mastermind . 
  except not . 
  he is just an opportunist who profits from self-destructive western tendencies . 
  he can slightly nudge them here and there but we have no one else but us to blame . 
  meh , all such claims are just silly fantasies . 
  ancient history is ancient and history . 
  and , if you play paradox grand strategies , you can make it all reality !, 
  and you can both float off into your trump-brexit axis or whatever . 
  just stay on your side of la manche , please . 
  that is not what i said , stop playing victim . 
  `` simple folk '' do not walk with falanga flags , sorry . 
  skin thickness check number 1 . 
  the more liberal countries certainly have more awareness about their imperial past , i agree . 
  some of the loudest certainly do . 
  you also have the `` best '' football gangs too . 
  you need to hate feminists more . 
  nazism/racial supremacy is a toxic ideology , channeling our darkest instincts . 
  it thrives more on emotions than on rationale and so its spread may seem illogical to a casual observer . 
  similar to jihadism and the like . 
  fun fact , there are also some neo-nazis in israel . 
  russian immigrants of jewish ancestry ( real or fake , does n't matter ) brought it with them . 
  well , yeah , risk always exists . 
  but i prefer lesser risk , especially when we are risking almost everything . 
  i do n't have time in my life to toss everything for a grand experiment , especially considering how random it is . 
   the faster it goes , the faster it will come back . 
  my point is there is no such law in terms of complex systems , like countries , governments etc. 
  but hey , you are perfectly entitled to your view . 
  all i am saying there is no reboot mechanism . 
  if you destroy , it might reboot or it might not or it might reboot as something worse . 
  hence i prefer informed gradual change to reboots . 
  what i mean is that there is no universal law that destruction of the old system will bring something new/better or , if that happens , it will be anytime in our lifetimes . 
  it might just remain ruined or be replaced by something worse . 
  while human history seems to , generally , progress towards the better , we can very much take ourselves out for a long while . 
  polls were very favorable towards clinton for much of the campaign . 
  do not think there is no risk . 
  when will it grow ? 
  some places remain shit for decades or centuries . 
  there is no guarantee your ashes will sprout anything soon, 
  we thought the same about trump and brexit . 
  so you better not get complacent or you will join the idiot alliance . 
  if your government tells those us bases to go , they will . 
  they are not there against your democratic will . 
  ah , so you want * good * deals instead of * bad * deals . 
  why did n't you say so before !, 
  yeah , this is just libertarian clickbait . 
  proof government is bad !, 
  not necessarily , or at least not anytime soon . 
  but certainly , i prefer europe that puts focus on cooperation instead of sovereignty . 
  my flair is ironic . 
  i am very unnationalistic  yeah , of course , pis is not trump . 
  but it is the cultural aspects that are important , specifically the approach to liberal democracy . 
  and in this , they are both in the same camp . 
  well , you can wait for a europe of proud , sovereign nations . 
  we have already been there and so i am rooting for other options . 
  i do n't read polish press , it sucks . 
  i see the rhetoric and cultural traits of pis and it is very similar to what trump represents . 
  not identical , by far , but the amount of similarities is quite large . 
  that does n't mean they are pro-trump . 
  they are just similar to him , culturally .
