  but even from what you linked they do n't look like a terrorist organization - an organization whose main methods is intimidating the civilian populace . 
  they mostly target the state . 
  of course , my point is diplomacy might solve it . 
  branding pkk as `` teh most evil ever '' makes it harder . 
   he started this war and now he wants to be part of the solution . 
  yeah , though one would argue he is a bit more sincere now , heh heh but again , i hate the bastard , his butchery was a direct cause of the rise of daesh . 
  i like bernie sanders , but i wish / r/politics was readable again, 
  so did your state . 
  or usa . 
  or any organization at war ever . 
  unless they are purposefully attempting to cause maximum civilian casualties in order to terrorize the population , you can not just call them `` terrorists '' and think everyone will just help you kill them . 
  they are rebel group that wants something and is entrenched in the kurdish areas . 
  maybe you could talk with them ? 
  ira is not shooting anyone anymore , do they ? 
  from your links it seems like they are targeting the state , attacking police , soldiers and kidnapping politicians . 
  these look like they are some kind of rebels , insurgents or what have you . 
  they are fighting your state , not the population . 
  the label `` terrorist '' is greatly overused in almost any case . 
  if you brand pkk `` terrorists '' , it signifies you should n't never ever talk with them . 
   i sincerely believe that a vital stepping stone towards middle east stability lies with granting the kurds a nation or full autonomy . 
  and that is why they wo n't have a serious heart to heart with erdogan . 
  virtually none of the regional players truly wants isis gone . 
  assad benefits from isis threatening the rebels and tries to present himself as a defender against barbarians . 
  russia and iran just want assad saved , isis is secondary . 
  kurds benefit from isis crippling their host countries ( syria , iraq , potentially turkey ) turks want isis to keep kurds in check . 
  iraq has no real appetite to reclaim the sunni areas and have sunnis share power . 
  who is that `` reddit '' person ? 
  what views does it have ? 
  how does it vote ? 
  they are much better for us , so there . 
  perhaps there could be a restart of a turkey-pkk peace process , now that elections have passed and akp has no further need to bomb them for votes ? 
  i wish reddit only talked about what interests me . 
   pkk , a terrorist group the word `` terrorist '' has been abused so badly it lost most its meaning by now . 
  it became an arbitrary label for `` irregulars we do n't like '' . 
  bonus points for being foreign . 
  groups and gerruillas should be judged on a case by case basis , with an open mind . 
  some of them actually stand , in part , for genuine unresolved issues . 
  branding them `` terrorist '' closes off all debate . 
  what do you mean ? 
   western europe still wants to import unlimited amount of migrants nice mental picture you got there , a pity it has nothing to do with reality . 
  yeah , they are certainly a catalyst . 
  but islamic terrorism was doing fine before isis and will remain a threat after it is gone . 
  therefore , we should not make removal of daesh an absolute priority , as what we do with them can potentially make the problem worse . 
  remove them , sure , but do it smart . 
  an emotional issue , yes , these do that . 
  although i disagree there is equivalence . 
  i do not hear anyone saying `` we got ta take everyone in '' ( 10 ) buuuut i do hear plenty of people who would prefer to `` deport them all '' or argue that islam is some cosmic horror that must be removed ( 0 ) . 
  the `` leftist '' side gets terribly strawmaned , in my opinion , though obviously it does n't excuse more liberal-minded people like me to call everyone with whom i disagree racist or whatnot . 
  why not both ? 
  reeducate those that we can , jail those who pose real threat ? 
  i do not understand this `` either or '' mentality . 
  i am all for removing them , but they are not the root of the problem , is all . 
  if they wanted to become the new isis , why would n't they just join them already ? 
  they would dominate syria together . 
  note : i think they suck and will likely become a problem . 
  but the situation is complicated and i am not certain we have the luxury to be as uncompromising . 
  did i say they are cool ? 
  nope , but they are not isis . 
  they are focused on fighting assad . 
  they are first and foremost an actor in an internal conflict and might actually be needed for a meaningful end to the syrian civil war . 
   gee you 're a radical islamist but you just went to syria on vacation ? 
  actually , most anti-assad forces are islamist and al nusra is quite hardcore . 
  additionally , kurds themselves are sunni muslims and do yell `` allahu akbar '' on some of their combat vids . 
  so even in a clear case of a `` radical islamist going to syria '' , you still ca n't be sure that person is joining isis . 
  hell , they can be our ally !, 
  i do not even know where to start . 
   ie change their name from taliban to al queda to al nusra to isis they get a clean slate . 
  no one gets a clean slate . 
  those organizations actually fight each other ( al nusra vs daesh , taliban vs daesh ) . 
  fun fact : taliban and al qaeda consider isis `` too extremist '' . 
  yeah . 
   we have also learned that if they attack the west they are rewarded , they get more aid in some cases , or a few meaningless bombs are dropped . 
  have you heard about the invasion of iraq and afghanistan that happened after 9/11 ? 
  not only it is n't `` nothing '' , it actually made things worse and facilitated the creation of daesh . 
  no one advocates sitting still and pretending nothing happened . 
  this is a strawman . 
  but the choices are wider than just `` do nothing '' and `` bomb everything '', 
  actually , you can not ever fully stop terror - thus it is more important to respond smartly in order to actually minimize its threat than do something rash due to emotions and make the problem bigger . 
  note : it does n't mean not doing anything either . 
  that would be a straw-man , really . 
   daesh can not be left alone . 
  why ? 
  now , i am all for sending daesh straaaight to allah , but their existence is only in part a source - mostly it is the ultimate ( or at least i hope it is ultimate ) manifestation of militant islamic extremism . 
  this ideology was brewing in the muslim world for a long while now and it wo n't disappear when daesh does . 
  that is why the * how * we get rid of or contain daesh is more important than doing `` something anything '' now , as dictated by post-terror-attack emotions and potentially exacerbating the problem ( see the aftermath of 9/11 ) . 
   go on a shooting rampage that is not nice towards americans !, 
  you want to throw suspects into a dungeon without a trial ? 
  how could that possibly backfire , i wonder . 
  actually , internet and social media are the biggest vehicle for extremist propaganda nowadays . 
  i would imagine a ypg-run rojava will be , once the threat of isis eventually subsides , and excellent safe haven for pkk , even if not officially their domain . 
  thus i can imagine some turkish political strategists might not want the threat of isis to go away too soon and would not cry over kurds taking heavy losses . 
  hence my distrust towards turkey on the matter . 
  note , it does n't mean turkey would work with isis . 
  buuut , there are all kinds of ways of meddling . 
  russians ca n't even hit the right country sometimes . 
  they are lucky their missiles did n't fall on anything important in iran . 
  they are chums and all but i have no doubt there are limits . 
  some are inevitable , but obviously reckless killing of civilians is counterproductive . 
  hopefully they will strive for precision . 
  gathering further target intelligence , i suppose .
