  buuut they will be a putin 's tool regardless . 
  it 's not just national sentiments , it is a principle of not behaving like it is 19th century and unlike some sand-locked dictators , putin is actively threatening the alliances greece is in . 
  besides , those refugees that trample greece ? 
  putin has been pouring gasoline on the fire of the syrian civil war for years and he is not very interested in ending it any time soon . 
  i really hope eu pulls through in the ( roughly ) current shape but the cultural split and the continued indifference to each others ' problems make me really understand the position of some western europeans that the eu expansion was too hasty and that the union might get trimmed down if the crisis escalates . 
  either this shit is voluntary and based on goodwill or screw the whole thing . 
  just to be clear , poland also was rather hurt by sanctions , we sell a lot of shit to russia and they also come here for holidays . 
  it is not just greece , definitely . 
  it totally does , a lot of anti-eu right-wing parties in europe look at putin with adoration . 
  polish government would ally themselves with putin in five seconds , if not for the long-standing russia hate and that plane crash . 
   getting closer to russia , not becoming allies , but just taking them in good faith , to be perfectly honest , it is a good strategy . 
  i understand that greece has had different relations with russia , different outlook towards it and there is a lot of cultural affinity between the two . 
  but i ca n't imagine taking putin in good faith , when his enmity towards both nato and the eu has been evident for a long time . 
  he wants nothing more than drive a wedge between its nations , funds a lot of xenophobic anti-eu parties and in this context tsipras and greece start looking like tools of this policy . 
   the sanctions really have been proved ineffective anyway , and have only made puttin more radical within russia . 
  they lead to provocations and diplomatic gridlock from both sides . 
  most importantly , they have forced russia to shift its alliance to china in the east , which makes for a much more dangerous geopolitical scene in eurasia . 
  sanctions happened after putin already annexed crimea , started a civil war in ukraine and has been fueling the civil war in syria . 
  he did n't become more radical . 
  china does n't care about him either , they are no magic card for him . 
   i am not saying leave ukraine alone . 
  that 's certainly not what 's happening . 
  russia has clearly crossed the line by annexing crimea and we need a common european response to that . 
  hey , sure , but i do n't see how removing sanctions will make it better . 
  would n't it show putin that the consequences are few and short term ? 
  crimea is his eternally now , he is still fueling a civil war and sanctions last less than two years ? 
  is n't it showing him he can do whatever he wants ? 
  what do you mean by `` eurocrisis '' ? 
  i do n't recall eastern europe being dicks about that , what do you mean ? 
  it seemed to me it was mostly northern rich countries vs greece , with ee being rather on the sidelines . 
  i understand politics etc but i sure hope he does it for hard cash and not out of genuine sympathy towards putin 's policies . 
  you think this is in direct reaction to the terrible eastern european stances on refugees ? 
  i am not sure if he does it in spite or is it just an expression of pro-russia sentiment that has been already present on the greek left . 
  heh heh , is it a widespread approach ? 
  i sure hope . 
  my opinion about the current polish policy about refugees is extremely negative and i have a lot of schadenfreude popcorn stored for when the brave sovereign unbent polish government suddenly realizes it needs eu for something and hits a wall of resentful indifference . 
  on a more serious tone , those fuckers will take us out of the union if they are not removed . 
  buuut , poland did not invent putin 's dickishness and his jingoist militaristic policy . 
  opposing him is not really an eastern european thing , he goes against the heart of what eu is . 
  fair enough about poland being a dick , but supporting putin military annexations is rather bad either way . 
  malice or stupidity ? 
  others gave great examples and i am no metal buff , but i always had fondness for [ theatre of tragedy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wswydu5wii ) . 
  not really that grandiose so i do n't know if that is what you are looking for but definitely an early example of the `` an angelic lady + a metal band '' setup . 
  no one sings about satan like they do . 
  they would have by now , but suddenly russians . 
  symphonic gothic metal solved that problem . 
  pentagram is a greek word , so this looks doubly treacherous !, 
  spread the wooord , for the glory of muslim satan !, 
  only the divine prophet is an actual zombie , the rest are just dead, 
  in some ways they do . 
  they would love a welfare state that does not explode . 
  sadly , the price for it is not seeing the sun ever again . 
  looks like a sabaton quote . 
  never really listened to them , i bounce off the wall of pathos , lol, 
  behemoth is probably a bit known , partially due to nergal ( behemoth frontman ) having been in a relationship with doda ( a blonde popstar-celeb-something of tabloid fame ) . 
  not really sure if it is all that good for them , lol, 
  on the other hand , weed is legal there . 
  this tree offends me . 
  you mean around your country ? 
  or around the whole eu ? 
  because the former is essentially abandoning much of what eu is and the latter is rather unfeasible , unless you mine the beaches and put walls in the sea . 
  a possible singularity ai will be a god for most purposes . 
  but yeah . 
  let 's just say my criteria for deifying someone are slightly different . 
  as i said elsewhere , trump-level alternatives . 
  nope , she does not . 
  but okay , i understand it is a common narrative in some circles . 
  thankfully while the control is quite beyond expectations , it is hardly non-existent . 
  i want more control over the issue , sure . 
  the anti-eu tone is definitely part of the problem those parties have . 
  plenty of people are wary of immigration and consider it a major issue - me included - but they did not reject the union in general or , in some cases , do n't share other extreme views like anti-nato or pro-putin that some right-wing parties exhibit . 
  this is one of the main limiters of their progress . 
  hell , even in poland where a virulently anti-immigrant party actually rules , a party that is fundamentally incompatible with many key values of the west - even here the vast majority of populace is still pro-eu while being overwhelmingly anti-immigration . 
  even here people yearn for a force that reconciles the two trends and the emergent far-right does not provide a satisfying answer . 
  i think it depends on the specific party in question . 
  many of them are less rational than you portrayed and rather biased towards national isolationism instead of wider eu solutions . 
  of course , the handling has been poor on most fronts . 
  but most emergent harder-right parties offer no meaningful solutions . 
  i am not entirely averse to the idea of harder-right serving as a motivational cattle-prod for the mainstream . 
  but it sucks when they actually win ( see poland ) and their influence is rather random . 
  balance is where we set it . 
  politically , the balance is different even for each european country , there is no inherent value or wisdom in it . 
  the thing about said `` wrong '' people is that they rarely provide actual solution past an emotional veto . 
  most of them used to be `` wrong '' for good reasons . 
  proper response would need to be on the eu level . 
  there are stark differences on how to proceed , hence there is a deadlock . 
  since i believe a substantial amount of illegal immigration is inevitable , the stance of `` not one more '' exhibited by many of the `` further-right '' parties - like the one that rules poland - is unrealistic and counter-productive . 
  germans murdered practically everyone , then said `` sorry , it was just a phase '' and now everyone likes them . 
  or , well , they only call them `` nazi '' when they are very angry . 
  rather foolish of the turks of not reconciling , it wo n't go away by itself for a long time . 
   it 's a pity we need to abandon all cultural identity in order to unite as one and be strong . 
  even nations long subjugated by force retain cultural identity . 
  and here we are talking about a fully voluntary process respectful of all cultures . 
  do n't need to like the idea of eu federalism , but it is not a fukken mongol horde . 
  except in most of history it was not easily changeable via elections . 
  as it stands , the strategic genius of the further-right has a very limited appeal . 
  far-right rise . 
  will edit the post for clarity . 
  this is my impression from the graphs . 
  while the further-right parties got parts of the pie in most places , they are rarely more than junior partners .
