   nope . 
  things are starting to look up for our country . 
  glad to hear . 
  seriously . 
  you could make a federation !, 
  i know , i was teasing you and i won !, 
  damn stoner , too high to see sarcasm tags, 
  we 've got muricans so why not muslims / s , love you all, 
  yes , but in case of russia they already have zillions of them , so, 
  grandpa , it 's not seventies anymore . 
  that the person is really good at researching legal highs . 
  them who ? 
  we ca n't go and generalize like that . 
  saying every somali is like the fellows who brutalized your soldiers is as unhelpful as saying every american is like some american war criminals . 
  hah , i 'd rather turkey helped fight isis , though . 
  alliances are quite confused in that region lately - i mean , usa is essentially working alongside iran in iraq , lol . 
  eh , i blame akp and their generally anti-western stance . 
  both turkey and the west would gain a lot from resolving this crisis together . 
  well , we will see what will arise from the new political situation . 
   since you started this clusterfuck dude . 
  america is not satan . 
  how is a random somali responsible for actions of a bunch of militants , exactly ? 
  not anytime soon , but i would n't throw words like `` never '', 
  this would put turkey in the freezer for decades , though . 
  i have never heard of it . 
  but , of course , large part of polish population was jews not so long ago , so may be that 's where it arose . 
  i do not argue for returning it or anything . 
  same for vilnius etc. 
  shit happened , move along . 
  i simply refuse to call that land `` reclaimed '' . 
  a thousand years , man . 
  whole empires rose and fell in that time . 
  that 's very nice . 
  do remember to call , though , when your little regional kettle explodes again . 
  while i hope finland eventually joins nato , i really wish you are never forced to do it . 
  why ? 
  serious question . 
   poland : kurwa we kick filthy russian ass with based jan pawel statue catholic defense system , also america rules our jesus statues are actually giant robots , waiting for signal . 
  yeah , i 'd rather fight for friends than for land . 
  yeah , it looks great . 
  and i love how they are turkish and speak turkish . 
  linguistic faithfulness enriches historical settings greatly . 
  do n't know if you know , but during communism these parts were called `` reclaimed lands '' in polish . 
  stettin ancestral polish city yes !, 
  edit : sarcasm , srsly, 
  `` believe '' is often just a polite phrase . 
  `` i believe you are wrong '' , for example . 
  makes sense . 
  a coalition of assholes grouping together to make the world in their image . 
  there is that turkish historical tv show i glimpse sometimes on polish channels about some palace politics and harem intrigues . 
  i dislike soap operas , but that actually did n't look that bad !, 
  eh , the fact that we still have to have armies is very sad in terms of whether we are civilized or not . 
  there should be a global supranational police force and nothing else . 
  yeah , yeah , wogs start at the channel , etc. 
  in general , europe will probably get worse before it gets better . 
  the question was n't about going militarily into ukraine , but about defending nato members . 
  if we do n't want to defend each other , then why do we even have nato . 
  at least akp lost !, 
  he gets around !, 
  well , they are not fully democratic . 
  but more than anyone else in the area . 
  not to mention the fact that their islamic revolution was led by [ sean connery himself . 
  romania , land of the romans , rumunia , land of the rumuns !, 
   i just dislike / u/azerty258741369 condescending any country 's neutrality . 
  this comes from the fact that the `` neutral '' countries nonetheless benefit from the alliance , while not bearing any cost . 
  and yet they sometimes go on the high horse of pacifism . 
   especially in regard to an alliance which continues the us and russia 's dick measuring contest which challenges european integration and defies peace in multiple parts of the world . 
  that 's just not true . 
  nato was becoming almost obsolete , until putin started his funtiems in the neighborhood . 
  he dragged nato screaming and kicking back to cold war . 
  but , hey , such politicians like to have a clear enemy to scare their public with . 
  you are a serb or something ? 
  it also needs to be self-sufficient after it reaches low earth orbit . 
  sadly , a lot of the time it is . 
  people are terrible at knowing what they want . 
  except they really do n't . 
  the problem is practical , though . 
  the attitude of `` they just suck '' solves nothing . 
  i still do n't get how could roman empire fall . 
  dude , people die over a bunch of books written by some more or less intoxicated fellows thousands years ago . 
  metajerk ? 
  faux-jerk ? 
  not-jerk ? 
  it was more of an exception , sadly . 
  most borders were decided by some idiotic power struggle long ago . 
  nothing to do about it now , of course . 
  eh , history was unjust to everyone , really . 
  every european country had some past glory . 
  constantly pining for it brings either grief , conflict or both . 
  i am not saying trianon was just or anything , but people who call for reversing it essentially call for another european war . 
   still , its hard to celebrate with dicktaste in your mouth . 
  that 's probably sexist . 
  many people do celebrate like that just fine . 
  i am not saying the rest of the eu is not being dumb about all kinds of shit , but this preoccupation with uk staying or leaving certainly is n't helping focusing on other issues . 
  yes , that is exactly what is planned . 
  only if someone takes eastern poland from us in turn . 
  where is stalin when europe needs him ? 
  it is more of a criticism of fptp , than praise of british electoral performance . 
  i know , i know . 
  although , i do n't think countries would dissolve like that any time soon .
