  even if people do n't like germany and russia , they do n't hate them like they hated nazi germany and soviet union . 
  they have greatly changed and it would be rather ignorant to treat them exactly as they were . 
  while china nominally stayed unchanged , they are no longer a communist state and thus it makes no sense to despise them for being one . 
  eh , but the practice is very un-communist , past the one-party rule and all the mao portraits . 
  if we judged countries by their previous incarnations , we would have to hate everybody . 
  with them putting some actual `` repentant '' ex-communists on some important positions , there were moments when both the ruling party and the opposition were chanting `` down with communism '' at each other . 
  who could have thought simplistic binary perception of reality leads to awkward paradoxes !, 
  we probably hosted dalai lama a bunch of times , got a street or two named `` free tibet '' and that , in the face of nothing else of note happening in our relations , stuck . 
  the default approach to china in poland is ignorant neutrality . 
  which is silly , because the communism that poland knew does not exist anywhere anymore and definitely not in china . 
  not really . 
  there is nothing wrong in being cautious and skeptical of the whole immigration thing , but making themselves virulently and fundamentally opposed closed the doors to any compromise with their western counterparts thus paralysing the union and preventing any wider organized solution . 
  they essentially dug themselves in their tribal villages , an approach that is contrary to the whole european project . 
  ahh , you were talking about terrorist attacks . 
  sorry , i understood you were afraid of the immigrants themselves - some people around here view them as some kind of invasion army . 
  in that case , yeah , nowhere is really safe . 
  but that 's terrorism , we just have to have strong security services and accept that there will be eventually some losses . 
  it will never stop being issue , even when the islamic version eventually goes out of vogue . 
  other toxic ideologies will be picked up and acted upon , because humans are dumb like that . 
  haha , that 's what i also thought before the current crisis and the region proved how culturally eastern they were . 
  the iron curtain lives on , in some cultural form . 
  yeah , exactly , just internal politics bullshit . 
  they still mostly think any islamic extremism threat is not possible . 
  eh , immigrants were just a cherry on top . 
  kaczynski won because of the unpopularity of the previous government , fragmentation of the opposition and the inability of the voting populace to realize what the fuck they were electing . 
  incidentally , many native polish families think the same . 
  of course , chechens are not all wonderful , but they did not turn out to be a terrorist horde that destroyed the society , like the current immigrants are pictured . 
  i do not wish to go to the other extreme . 
  immigrants are a challenge , can cause problems and can be costly . 
  but reactions to the current wave are hysterical and apocalyptic . 
  while the situation is gloomy indeed , the eu has not sunk yet and might very well pull through . 
  bullshit highly-upvoted mocking strawmen are par of the course in these threads . 
  thankfully , one can skip the top section . 
  eastern europe is safe , and yet the panic levels are the most stark in these parts . 
  perhaps it has something to do with fearing the unknown , hmm ? 
  edit : i meant it is safe from excessive immigration . 
  nowhere is safe from terrorist attacks , though the probabilities are different . 
  they have been already absorbed into the borg ummah . 
  and us . 
  the polish security apparatus is like `` we are all white , catholic , let 's just hope for the best !, 
  what the actual fuck :d ah , internet , you never disappoint, 
  as an organization , yeah , but it lives on in the likes of daesh . 
  yeah , sadly a credible terror attack foiled in preparation stages rarely makes the news . 
  fascist police states are not immune either . 
  while the overbearing security presence reduces some risks , the unpopularity and desperation fuel anti-government sentiment . 
  and in many cases , a fascist police state does way more damage to its population than any possible terrorist threat . 
  nothing explodes on the streets of pyongyang , people simply die in reeducation camps . 
  in general the terrorist threat is greatly overestimated , which is unsurprising as this is exactly how such attacks are designed . 
  besides , terrorism is the conflict of the future . 
  it will be always present in some form , we are just having the islamic season now . 
  in a few decades it will be vegans , anti-automation luddites , old-school ultra-nationalists or whatever group achieves a critical mass of toxicity and mass appeal . 
  all we can do is have robust security services and accept that some losses are inevitable . 
  well , their use of words naturally influences non-americans . 
  anyway , `` liberal '' is an overly simplistic label , like `` left '' and `` right '' and should n't be used as the final descriptor unless there is more specific information provided . 
  . . on a site dominated by americans . 
  so there . 
  eu is certainly capable of taking a large number of them . 
  but as it is unable to reconcile the stark differences on the topic both within the member nations and between them , it became impossible to create a proper coordinated response . 
  and yeah , we are taking a lot of bad from both worlds , but that 's what our paralysis resulted in . 
   when was the last time a large country was destabilised by immigrants ? 
  the destabilization that immigrants bring is not necessarily direct . 
  sure , they will host some terrorist cells , will be costly and very hard to integrate , but neither terrorism nor the financial burden are a serious threat to the european nations . 
  what is destabilizing is the nativist and xenophobic political forces their arrival bolsters - that 's what threatens both the eu and its members . 
  i am actually quite sympathetic towards refugees . 
  but we just ca n't take them all . 
  we are further crippled by highly polarized political stances on the matter and thus unable to create a proper solution . 
  lacking that , uncontrolled immigration proves to be quite destabilizing and thus has to be curtailed using methods that are only barely acceptable . 
  eh , sometimes is better to throw money once . 
  and it would depend on specific circumstances of any reconciliation attempt anyway . 
  one day there will be a turkish leader who will understand the power of reconciliation and it will be beautiful . 
  sadly it ended up as the least bad option . 
   people do n't want the content most contemporary press produces unless it is totally free ( and by totally i mean totally as in not even adverts ) . 
  then they will get exactly what they pay for , heh heh, 
  the `` freetard '' thing is part of the problem too . 
  people do n't pay for things on the internet , because `` news on the internet are free '' . 
  if , hopefully , the ad-supported model collapses and the `` free '' news disappear , people just might discover they found value in it . 
  well , already the top upvoted comment is a massive strawman . 
  what would be an `` adequate punishment '' exactly ? 
  surely one death is not worth 70 deaths ? 
  you can not ever make it `` adequate '' so we just might behave like human beings , even towards people who did not . 
   what part of that , exactly , is not `` chilling out ? '', 
  the part where you can not leave the few rooms you are in , ever . 
  i am sorry if you think it is not a problem . 
  sitting in prison for decades is not `` chilling out '' . 
  the world will not become a better place if you kill breivik . 
  obviously . 
  technically , they could release him into a small group of similarly hated convicts , i am sure even norway has at least a few . 
  regardless , torturing people and driving them mad does not make it any better . 
  how is driving people insane by solitary confinement anything but torture ? 
   it is about setting things straight . 
  this is your personal view of what justice is , not some universal law . 
  killing him would not change anything , would not `` set anything straight '' , just fulfill arbitrary criteria of what is `` right '' . 
   destroy europe . 
  i ca n't take anything as dramatic seriously . 
  you do n't need to like current immigration policies but please , keep some perspective . 
  was just remarking on general trends . 
  i do not perceive western poland as inferior to warsaw or anything . 
  that fast train to town is key . 
  many people in warsaw suburbs are limited to cars , which sucks for many purposes . 
  because there is space left in the buildings,
